5	Yaaaay!Finally! A fantastic ethnic eatery for downtown Mesa!I stopped by today for carry-out. it was their first day in business, and everyone was so excited and helpful. Of course the food is so good and so fresh-tasting. Good for the soul.Although I didn't get a whole "sit-down" experience, I'm giving 5 stars because I love these guys so much (this is the old Benjarong!!). If you think I sound biased then maybe you should check it out for yourself.The new space looks awesome- very handsomely done.
5	This is a great find in downtown Mesa.  I have only delighted in the lunch menu, which is $7.00 for chicken, pork, beef or fried tofu. Add $2.00 for shrimp or fish. As you are looking over the menu, you are automatically served an appetizer and soup of the day. I've eaten here twice this summer and the food has been wonderful both times.  This last Friday I enjoyed a lunch of Massamon curry chicken in coconut milk with roasted peanuts, potatoes and onions with Jasmine Rice.  So good!  I treated myself to a glass of Thai ice tea--I think of it as a desert, because it is so sweet.Check out this restaurant (I'm sure it will become a favorite) and then walk over to the Mesa Arts Center and see the exhibits at Mesa Contemporary Arts. It is good for the digestion and the soul.
5	I promise this is a restaurant that you will crave once you have tried it. I thought it was just me who thought my red curry was the best I have ever had. Fresh and very flavorful. I had been there for lunch, then took the family during the Second Friday Night event in Downtown Mesa last month. It is all they talk about when we say we are going out to dinner-even the 12 year old! Of course we will be there again this month on the second friday. The merchants have a motorcycle event planned, should be fun to walk around and check out the bikes.The price is very reasonable so taking the family to a nice sit down dinner is within the budget- even though the food is great you will still have leftovers as the servings are large. You will not be let down by this place.
5	Very authentic and delicious Thai food. I have been to many Thai restaurants here in the Valley, in California, Thailand and even Europe and can tell you that the food here is the best in the Valley and among the best and most authentic I have tried. The service is great! Everyone greats you with a smile. Even when you walk by the kitchen you receive a warm greeting. Service I'd also fast, especially for take out orders. The restaurant is nicely decorated. Lunch here is cheaper than fast food and far more satisfying! Dinner is also a bargain with hearty portions. The pad Thai, red curry, evil jungle princess and lemongrass soup are all fantastic selections. I haven't tried everything, but servers are very helpful in making recommendations so if you're not sure what you want, don't be afraid to ask.
5	I've had pretty good luck trying places with few reviews but high ratings, and Nunthaporn's is no exception.We went at around dinner time on a weekday and found plenty of street parking right in front of the restaurant. The inside is Thai reminiscent without being over-the-top or wannbe-trendy.  Plenty of seating and I didn't see any 2-top tables, which I like because I generally eat with a friend of mine and between the amount of food we order and how tall we are 2-tops generally make me claustrophobic.The service here was great, prompt seating and order.  The menu is as expected for a Thai restaurant with about 60 dishes in all in various categories.  I had the red curry and my friend had the yellow.  We also had an order of 'Thai toast' which was a lightly fried pastry with chicken inside and covered in a sweet & sour sauce.  The curry was delicious, though the menu lead me to believe it was going to be a little more spicy.  I have fond memories of eating in small restaurants in southern Thailand and having my tongue chemically removed by spicy seafood dishes.  Next time I will try the only item (that I saw) on the menu with a four star spicy rating.On the way out I saw two separate large parties dining and they had ordered some dishes family-style, which came in large two-tier serving bowl/platters and looked extremely tasty, so I would definitely recommend bringing larger groups here.The prices were very reasonable and I was really happy with the quality of the food.  I will definitely be coming back often, especially since Char's on Rural / University is gone.  Overall this restaurant is probably more of a 4.5 star, but I will round up this time to keep the rating :)
5	Oh my gosh! We have finally found a GREAT Thai place! I have been eating Thai food for many years and I have found some very good Thai places in the valley. However none have been as good as Nunthaporn!We were greeted right away and customer service was excellent the whole time we were there. The owner came out and talked to us and was very pleasant. She told us if anything wasn't to our liking to let her know and she would correct it. Needless to say we found nothing to complain about. She said that all the dishes were her mother's recipes and that the dishes are prepared just like they prepare them in Thailand. I haven't been to Thailand so I'll have to take her word for it, but the food was wonderful. We both agreed that the Wonton Soup is the best we have had. Both dishes we got were wonderful. With everything tasting and looking very fresh. We can't wait to go back and try more dishes!Thai food lovers, you will not be disappointed! I highly recommend Nunthaporn Thai Cuisine!
4	4.5 stars! One of our recent attempts at replacing Mint Thai...Service was good, totally friendly, small/quaint atmosphere. Prices seemed normal, nothing outrageous.Food was tasty! And if "thai hot" isn't hot enough, they'll bring out thai chilies, some sort of crazy thai powder, and a paste. Definitely kicks it up a notch to the desired level.So many choices, we have to go back!
2	We ate here last night before seeing a show at the Mesa Arts Center. Our waitress said it was her first day on the job, she didn't know the menu and had to ask about simple requests. We started with Tom Kha Gai soup and fish cakes. Something about the soup wasn't quite right, it wasn't terrible but wasn't great. The fish cakes were chewy, I wished I had a knife as I could barely cut them with my fork. Our main courses were a green curry with chicken and fish salad. The curry was lacking something, maybe too much curry and not enough other sauce as it was a dark green. Fish salad was not appealing either. My daughter liked the kids meal of chicken satay. Towards the end of the meal I pulled out my phone and looked this up on yelp. I was suprised to see the 5 star ratings. I guess other reviewers got different dishes than I did. I'll be eating the leftovers for lunch, maybe it will be better the day after.
4	Our party of four had lunch here on Thursday. I'm not sure how long they've been open but I just noticed this great addition to downtown Mesa a week ago. The lunch specials are very reasonable and the portions generous. The appetizer & soup were a yummy surprise. The service was gracious without being too too. I'll definitely be back!
2	This place deserves more stars for their food, but their service was so horrible that I can't bring myself to go higher than 2.At first, all seemed well.  Quick service for the menu, drinks and soup/eggroll that came with my lunch special ($7 by the way, a great deal for all the food you get).But after I got my Drunken Noodles (very tasty) , I never saw the waitress again.  Even though I made a point to put my empty glass at the edge of my table, my eyes begging for a refill each time she walked by, but she was just too busy to bother.  I eventually gave up on the hope of getting more soda and finished my meal and again, trying to give a signal that I'm ready for my bill, pushed my empty plate to the edge of the table.  She rushed back and forth a few times and glanced at the empty plate and glass, but still not bothering to stop by.I eventually got up and walked over to the other waitress at the computer station and told her I wanted to pay.  Very frustrating to say the least.The food is great but the service ruined the experience for me.  Sadly, I will not be returning here.  You can find me at Thai Rama in Chandler instead.
4	Can't say I swing through downtown Mesa that often, but we may have to do it more often to get some Thai. This is one of my favorite cuisines, and everything was so tasty we brought home leftovers. We never do that as it usually just leads to horrific fungal growths as it sits uneaten for a few weeks, but not this time.Great food, good service, wonderful little place.
4	HOT DAMN!!! And I literally mean that!I've been here a half dozen times and today was my second time having the badass chicken curry noodle soup. The first time I ate in and when they brought out the giant bowl (you could bathe a child in it with ease) I was very pleased. Very balanced curry with a solid kick to it, perfectly cooked noodles, really nothing wrong with it at all. Today was sooo much better though! Ordered it to go pet pet style (Thai hot) and it was like getting hit in the face with a cinderblock covered in chili sauce. And, oddly enough, I am really okay with that. I sat in my cubicle at work sweating and drooling and blowing my nose like a fool all with a giant grin on my face as I gorged myself. My lunch buddy always goes for the drunken noodles, very appropriate in her case, and I agree that they are delicious...I'm not really a fan of their Tom Yum or the Tom Ka though. Then again i might have gone on an off day so i will be more than happy to go back for more tries at the rest of the menu.One word of warning to my fellow yelpers. For some reason half of their website is in Latin (yes, the actual dead language). Just click around until you get to the printable menu and skip the rest of the website...
4	I have eaten here several times everything I have tried is excellent. The service was not very good at first, but they have improved a lot and I have no complaints now. The Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Cashew Chicken are my favorites.
4	Ive been secretly following yelp for about a year now finally decided to speak up. so i tried Nunthaporns b/c of you guys, and i have to say it was very good. I had yellow curry hubby had red Curry and we got some chicken satay all to go, so i dont know how their service is yet.I chose level 2 so it had heat, but it wasn't too overbearing, i would say i wasn't expecting it to be as hot as it was at a 2 it tasted more like a 3 to me, if u consider that I would assume, a 1 is no heat. I will definitely be heading back here, they actually deliver to my house according to the menu. Oh and the satay came with the classic cucumber and peanut sauces. the cucumber tastes exactly like its supposed to, but i have never liked peanut sauce, this one is really good, I'm a convert!
4	okay now hubby and I decided to try some of the lunch specials. We ordered drunken noodles, pad see ew, garlic sauce, Thai fried rice,and sweet and sour. (pics coming soon)the drunken noodles were good, they have a very slight heat and they gave a decent amount of chicken. I would prefer all of their noodles a little more wet though. the pad see ew my husband was raving about, the flavor was really good, but again it could be better a little wetter. the garlic sauce had areally good flavor in the sauce, but the chicken was a little over cooked, also in all the dishes with carrots, i said no carrots and got them anyway. the sweet and sour was good, it had pineapple chunks in it, it was more sweet then any sour. the spring rolls were a little chewier than i expected, but surprisingly i actually liked their won ton chips. All in all very good thai food, and Its cool they deliver to my house.
4	Situated right next to Sweet Cakes I've never noticed this before.  But the Yelp reviews couldn't lie right?While awaiting my daughter and wife's awesome performance in a choir at the Mesa Arts Center, we walked (yes easy walking distance form MAC) to Nunthaporn's Thai.  Great, welcoming place on Main.We were seated right away and ordered a few things for our table: satay, wonton soup, etc.  The peanut sauce for the satay left a little to be desired for me, just not what I'm used to I suppose in texture.I had the Massaman Curry (my fav Thai dish).  It was good, but I felt the chicken could be improved (felt like it was flattened a bit too much).  The curry was excellent and had I not been on a diet I would have eaten the entire dish.I ordered a noodle/steamed chicken dish for my wife and took it to her...she said it was really good.  Great find in downtown Mesa and if I find myself in the area again, I'll be back.
5	This has quickly become our favorite thai place. We also frequent the Wild Thai Tiger in phoenix, but it is a bit of a drive and pricey.We discovered this place on a Cruisin on Main St car event, and everytime we have eaten there we are happy.The prices are more than fair, the staff is always great (we always have the same waitress it seems.The Crispy spring rolls are the best, and I always have the Trout, which is really good, or my favorite there, the Cashew Chicken. It is never too spicy, and the portion size is Great.My Fiance is a vegetarian and loves the different curries with tofu. We have never had a bad experience here, out of about 35 times.
1	I went here a month or so ago, and forgot to write my review, but I remember the whole lunch very well because it was such a terribly disappointing experience. I desperately wanted to like this place, because I work so close and love Thai food, but it was just not a good experience. The food wasn't horrible, but nothing that made me want to come back, and the service was awful. I'll start with the food. I ordered the Pra-Rahm lunch special. At the time I went, it was described as coming with a Spicy and Peanut Sauce. I took this as being one sauce, and this was exactly what I was looking for. However, when they brought it out, I found that these were two completely separate sauces. One was a very watery, spiced sauce, and the other was an incredibly thick, very sweet peanut sauce. The two didn't mix well, and neither really had that flavor I was looking for. The spicy one wasn't hot, rather just had a lot of spices in it. The peanut sauce was too thick and sweet for my tastes (would have been much better on top of some kind of dessert, in my opinion). The chicken and vegetables I had were cooked well, but I couldn't enjoy them because of the sauces.Now, I'll talk about the service. The entire place was being served by only two servers. Not that this place is huge, but there are probably 25ish tables in there, which is far too many for 2 people, if you want any service at all. On top of that, I managed to overhear one server talking and learned that one of the servers was training. So, really, there were only about 1.5 servers working. There is seemingly no organization as to which server helps with table, either. I walked in and was taken to a table by one server. I looked at the menu for a few minutes, decided on the Pra-Rahm, and set it down to wait for my server to return. 15 minutes went by before someone returned. The server that returned asked what I wanted to drink, and left. They came back with water, and didn't ask for my order, walking away again. It wasn't until I had been sitting for about 30 minutes that someone took my order. That, to me, is an absolutely ridiculous amount of time. Every time one of the two servers working walked by, they would make eye contact, and then look for the other, like they thought the other person was supposed to be taking care of me. It's not that they weren't friendly on the rare occasion that they made it to my table, they just didn't take care of their duties as servers. I could see the manager working, handling the to-go orders, but she wasn't doing much. You would think that the manager would help serve, since that was where the restaurant really needed help (not many to-go orders coming through), but she just watched and walked back into the kitchen. I was more patient than many others who had come in after me, as I watched them leave, but I wish I had followed their lead, because I probably would have ended up at Sweet Cakes, which is next door. Some of you think that the manager probably had other things to do, they couldn't possibly help, but that isn't true. I worked in a restaurant for almost 2 years, and during the meal rushes is usually the least busy time for managers, they end up helping out everyone else most of the time. Its toward the ends of the shifts and days that they have a pile-up of managerial duties to take care of.All-in-all, this was just a terrible experience, and I can't see myself returning here when I can guarantee a great lunch experience next door at Sweet Cakes.
5	This is the old Benjarong. We follow her to Down Town Mesa. Great move by the way. The food is GREAT as always! My favorite is Pad Fresh Ginger and Kra Proa Kai and make it as spicy as it comes. LOVE IT! The service is always GOOD. They bring water as soon as you sit down, soup and sping roll is out within a few minutes and as you are finishing that the meal comes. I can be in and out 45 min max thats if I don't stay and talk which rarely happens.Cameron A. didn't have a good experience but I really think that he should give Nunthaporn another chance. GREAT food and AWESOME service=NUNTHAPORN!
4	One of the best Thai restaurants in the area. Eat here on a regular basis. Love the Drunken Noodles and curries.  Lunch menu is great value for money.
4	We actually wanted to eat at Martinelli's but is was like a haunted house. No lights on...so we chose Thai Cuisine instead.When we go there around 6 PM on a Wednesday, theater night, "Cirque Illuminations" and was asked if we had reservations. We told them no and she said it would be awhile...had to ask what 'awhile' was and she replied 30-45 minutes. The place was packed and since there weren't that many restaurants around this location, we decided to wait. There are only two servers for 40+ patrons.We were seated at 6:40 PM...and we all ready decided on the dishes:  Pork Spicy Basil (Pad Gra-Prow) and Shrimp Pad See-Ew. We started with a house salad which was okay with a dressing that was very tasty. The service was very slow and when we received our food, it was 7:00 PM.  Twenty minutes to eat, pay the bill and get a to go box. My wifes dish,  Pork Spicy Basil, was very flavorful and both of us enjoyed that more than my  Shrimp Pad See-Ew. The menu for this item stated Chinese broccoli...of which I saw about 1%, the rest being American broccoli.I brought my noodles home to eat the next day...it was yummy. I will be visiting this place again, but this time, I'll call ahead to make a reservation.
5	Food was amazing! Service was a little slow but couldn't blame the waiters for being understaffed. But the food was well worth the wait.
3	Went here the other day with my bf because I'm determined to find a thai place equal to Sugar Thai in Ellensburg, WA...The service here was pretty good although one waiter kept doing this weird nose/throat clearing thing that was kind of disgusting while we were eating.. They were pretty attentive though.I got the Drunken noodles because I have had them at other places and wanted to compare. I was an idiot however and ordered a 3 star spicy out of 4... aaaaand I could barely eat it let alone taste it. So it was probably really yummy judging by our other foods quality but I don't know... We also order pad thai which was good. And the Spring rolls which were very good. Their peanut sauce is bomb.I'd probably come back to try other stuff.. They didn't have bubble/boba tea though which I really wanted.
4	In the last month, I have eaten at this restaurant twice.  The first time was in early February on a Monday evening when I was doing a photo shoot.  We stopped here to go to the bathroom that I came back afterwards to eat dinner with my son.   Initially, the service was very slow....we waited forever to get a menu, drink, or to give our order...but it was ok since my son & I were just chatting and reviewing pictures anyways.   When the food arrived it was delicious!  For the first time I tried a curry without coconut milk, the Jungle Curry and LOVED it and want to learn how to make it!   My son (age 7) also loved his food.  He said it was the best Thai food he ever had.  And on top of it all, our sever told me all about fresh peppercorns  - which were in my curry - I love learning new things about food! I visited again a few weeks later when I was in the area for a class at the Mesa Arts Center.   I was with a grou, and tried the Penang Curry Lunch Special.  It was very good.   And the service was fantastic!I do plan to visit again in the future.
4	Not busy at all for St Patrick's Day ;)  Second time having Thai food within the week and this was by far the better of the two.  The only slight disappointment was the appetizer, Miang Kum.  When a dish states prawns as the second ingredient, I guess I expect a plump juicy prawn, not diced little bits of it.  Ah well, chock that up to unfamiliarity - will order Chicken Sa-Te next time!  The entrees we ordered, Pad Thai Shrimp and Pra Rham Chicken were excellent, the chili lime sauce on the latter was spicy and flavorful.
4	Loved this place.  The green curry was awesome!
4	Really delicious and unexpectedly cute. The booths with their high backs make nice little intimate spaces. (When we walked in we thought it was nearly empty since we couldn't see the people seated in them.)The owner was so nice. He really wanted to make sure we were happy, and was extra careful to take our used straw wrappers off the table! There was a little confusion about whether we wanted brown or white rice (we'd gone back and forth amongst ourselves so the order wasn't clear) so they just brought us both!We started with a tureen of Tom ka which was very well balanced and plenty for four people. Then we split pad see ew, spicy eggplant, and pineapple curry (all vegetarian). They were all scrumptious, and the four of us didn't come close to finishing three entrees. And, you cannot pass up the Thai iced tea.
3	Very good authentic Thai food. The noodles are well seasoned and Penang chicken is perfect! I would have given them 4 stars but the service is slow. They need more wait staff...
5	Great food and friendly service.Loved the appetizers and shared several main dishes family-style.  Try a few dishes and take the leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  We have been there with friends several times and have never been disappointed.  Go a little early or late for lunch or dinner for immediate seating.
5	SOLID Thai food. Some of the best I've had outside of Chang Mai. The best part about it? It's an amazing Thai spot IN DOWNTOWN MESA. Yeah, I'm sure you've been hearing a lot of DTMesa lately... you know, the awesome comic book store, Evermore Nevermore, the new grindhouse called The Royale, Bak'd, SHIT'S BLOWING UP! So now you can go get great Thai food, shop, buy some art, some vintage clothing, and catch an ultra-gore slasher flick all in Downtown within two blocks. Amazing transformation and having a sick Thai spot just makes things sweeter.Only complaint is it's a bit pricey, but I'm rollin' in dough so IDGaF.
5	As a long time Mesa resident, I was excited when a friend wanted to take me to her new fave with the weird name. OMG. Please, thai this one on. The Thai toast is so good, with a sweet sauce that comes with making it one of my favorite apps ANYWHERE. Best entrees, Evil Jungle Princess, Black Pepper Shrimp, Green Curry, Pad See Ew (sp?) and the Laarb salad. Great service, including sodas that are free refills (not from the fountain!) and good prices make this one of my favorite Mesa eats. Only downside is that there's never enough rice and they make you pay for more...
5	I have been a regular at this place since it opened a few years ago. Service has come and gone, and lately come again ... but the food has always been outstanding!For those of you that know what "real" Thai food tastes like, Nunthaporn's is well worth drive no matter where you live in the valley. (Don't waste your time with lunch (specials) as it has no bearing on what they serve up nightly). While downtown Mesa is safe & clean, unfortunately  its a real dead zone at night. However if you know your authentic Thai food like me, you too will make the 50 miles roundtrip for your fix. I know of no other Thai food in town that I would rate above 3 star on authentic taste. I will guarantee  your will experience spices at Nunthaporn's that you never tasted before. Note: the more people you drag with you the more dishes you can sample. My advice; refrain your posse from ordering the usual Thai standards such as Pad Thai, Cashew Chicken and Lemon Grass soup, reach out an explore the many exotic unknown dishes and appetizers.  Like all the great Thai joints around the world Nunthaporn's is not about the heat,  it's about how the varied spices dance on the tounge.Highly recommended!!!
2	We went here for dinner before a show at the Mesa Arts Center, as this is one of the only dining establishments within walking distance (go downtown Mesa!).  It went something like this:6:15 PM: Arrive, sit down right away6:20 PM: Someone takes our order6:30 PM: Waiter says he'll check on our food6:45 PM: Waiter says he'll check on our food6:50 PM: Waiter says our food will be out in two minutes6:55 PM: We get our food7:10 PM: Finished eating7:15 PM: We get our bill7:20 PM: We finally get to leave.Yes, it took over half an hour to make two bowls of curry.I understand it's the dinner rush, and that there is a show across the street, but you have access to their schedule!  Make sure you hire some people so you're not under staffed!Besides that, the food was not that great.  Maybe I got a bad bowl, but it was incredibly watery, and the chicken was dry and overcooked.
4	I was here for business and ate here twice in a row and even took my niece and her husband.  Great food, reasonable prices.  I'd go back in a heartbeat.  Both nights we went there was zero wait time.
4	My wife loves this place as well as myself. Tonight, before heading to the MAC, we made early reservations because this place is quite busy and the service is slow. We got there at 5:45 and the place was 1/3 full. We sat down and my wife ordered the Spicy Basil with Beef and I ordered the Crab Fried Rice...then I decided to order the deep fried Chicken Wings. I couldn't believe how fast the food flew out of the kitchen. Maybe it's because the restaurant wasn't that busy. Our waitress had a thick accent or it could be that I'm losing my hearing, but she was difficult to understand and she didn't know the menu. Had to tell her the number on the item.Our favorite was the Spicy Basil which was full of flavor. The chicken wing was supposed to be dipped in spicy sweet sauce, but it was drenched in the sauce which was okay for us. The fried rice was uneventful. The crab was shredded in the rice and you could hardly taste it. I thought it would be chunks of crab. For $13, I'd try something else.All in all...food is awesome and we will definitely return to try something different.
4	Great spot in downtown Mesa. Every time I come here I have ordered something different. I've gotten Pad Thai, Curry Chicken and this time I got Thai Fried Rice. My girlfriend got Pad See Ew so we were able to mix it up and share everything. This last visit earned it an extra star. Service has been inconsistent. I've had really fast service, and really slow service. This time was really fast. The food tasted the best ever too! We also asked to make the food very spicy and they listed. We did have to reassure them a few times that we can handle it. I guess they have a lot of people who want spicy but can't handle it. This place has a great ambiance to it, I can see it being pretty romantic at night but I've only eaten here for lunch.  In addition... I always get a small egg roll and some soup with every meal which is very tasty.
3	Thai food that delivers? Yes, please! Granted, it's not as good as Thai Spices, but it's still very passable. It was one of those nights where there's no food in the house, and you're already in your comfy clothes, and you don't feel like getting dressed again to go out. So I needed to find something that delivered. I turned to my trusty Yelpers to see what was recommended. This place came up. It was Thai, it had a good rating and it delivered. Ok, let's give it a shot. I ordered chicken and oyster sauce and pork Thai fried rice. The good: When the guy told me it would be here in 10-15 minutes, I chuckled, but it really was delivered within 15 minutes! A major plus, compared to the 45-50 minutes one usually gets quoted for delivery times. The food was good. Not great, but good. The portions were a good size, especially the fried rice. The Not So Good: The chicken and oyster sauce could have had more flavour. This was one of my staples when I was living in Bangkok, so I know what it COULD taste like. It was pretty much just chicken and broccoli, and I was hoping for a little more. The $20 minimum for delivery, plus a $2 delivery charge is a little much. It basically forces you to order at least two entrees, even if you're just ordering for one person. The menu items are a little pricey. We're talking $10 for fried rice, $9 for my chicken and oyster sauce. I don't mind paying if the food is worth it, but I'm still going with Thai Spices as the best Thai in town. But, if you've got a hankering for Thai food and don't want to go out, then I'd totally recommend this place.
5	SUCH. GOOD. THAI!I had the Pad-See-Ew with chicken and it was wonderful! I am a wimp so I asked for it not spicy and they listened. It was still full of flavor, though, so not to worry. My friend ordered some sort of beef+noodle dish and thought it was great, too. I wish we would have ordered dessert - I'll save that for next time because I'll definitely be going back.Also, the staff is very friendly, the place is large and extremely clean, and I envy the bathrooms - I wish mine was that nice!
3	I did not review this place?!?! I must be losing my mind. Anyway, I went here probably a month and a half ago for lunch with a couple friends and it was just alright. I like how lunch came with soup and a spring roll...that was really good, but when the food came out, they had brought me the wrong thing. I would have been fine just eating what they brought (red curry....not sure how that sounded like drunken noodles, but whatever), but I generally judge a place on their drunken noodles and told the waitress. She fixed the problem, but it took a really long time for the new food to come out, so long that my friends were pretty much done when I got mine. Also, I think she forgot how spicy I had told her originally because the drunken noodles were not spicy at all. So I *might* give this place another shot, but it's not first on my list...
4	wow, 2 and a half years since my other review? They are doing much better than when they first opened. My wife has eaten there several times recently, she and I ate there last week. Seems default spicy level is mild. It's not a big place, so it fills up. One of the better restaurants in downtown Mesa, and convenient to the Mesa Arts Center. Last week we got there just after 6pm, beat the rush, had a good dinner and made our 7pm show at the MAC.
4	Extremely solid drunken noodle. At first bite, I almost gave this place a five-star. The noodles were cooked with a very hot wok to give it that heated flavour, but nothing was burnt. It was very sweet and white peppery and basily and garlicky. It wasn't wet and drenched with sauce either,and the noodle was cooked del dente. I hate it when I order drunken noodle and it's filled with large red and green peppers, but this dish had no peppers - bamboo shoots, carrots, green beans, and this type of dry corn i dont know the name of. So Good! I had to take away the fifth star as i ploughed on through my noodle though, as the pork and vegetables were not flavourful at all. I ended up picking out the noodle only and left the rest (I wasn't hungry anyway). I wish i can find drunken noodle like this everywhere i go.After tax, the noodle was less than $10 and i was pretty happily full. There were people coming in steadily throughout the night. The service can probably get a little spotty since there were only two people manning the floor and the dude waiter seemed young and very new to the job. He kept asking people if they wanted a table or booth even though the booth was full - kinda funny when you're sitting directly facing the front.
5	I was here for lunch and I'm impressed with the quality and flavor. Spicy had a nice flavorful  burn. Thai iced coffee was very good. I'm having the sticky rice with mango for dessert.
2	In finding myself  at loose ends for nearly a week, I took a trip to Mesa on the suggestion of someone who could previously be trusted for restaurant suggestions (As you say, I cannot tell a lie, Kris...).Arriving at the restaurant  at 2:20 PM, there were 3 occupied tables that I could see.  One was ordering as I arrived, another was receiving their meal, and the third was well into their entrees.  At the waitstand, I picked up a paper version of their menu.  It is interesting how many restaurants change their prices in the 'table' version of the menu, but they ignore the change in their take away version.  These folks passed the price comparison.I was greeted by a friendly waitperson.  She brought me to my table, asked about my beverage preference and asked where I would like to sit.  I was seated at a 2-top (though the bench on 1 side apparently means something else in Restauranteeze) and placed my order, Som Tom, no green beans, no shrimp, and Thai hot along with a side of steamed rice.  Because I proceeded out of sequence, my waitperson was not ready; she got her pad and quietly let me know that this was her first day.  She asked me to repeat my order.  I did, and she thanked me for my patience.  Off she went, bearing my order to the kitchen.  She returned in a minute with water.As I looked around, I counted table and seating space I could see.  18 tables, being for 2 or 4, benches and chairs for about 60 people.  Next time, I will take more time and see if there are other tables.  The plastic carafes full of water...no.  Most looked to be as full as they were when they were placed on the tables at opening.  As I waited for my order, I drained the glass and filled it from the carafe.  If there is any suggestion I would give, please put glass, ceramic or metal carafes out.Salad and rice arrived.  Nicely sized portions of each, about 1 1/2 cups of rice and 2 cups of salad.  On getting my first forkful of salad, I knew it needed more chile.  When I caught Waitperson's eye, she came over and I asked for more chile.  She said she would get more, turned to go and turned back, asking if I wanted fresh or dried.  This question was the saving grace, preventing a 1-star review.Waitperson brought out chopped fresh thai chili.  I incorporated this into the salad.  What started as a 2 was now a 6 in heat.  While the papaya seemed fresh, there were lots of bits of green beans.  To me, the better filler is carrot.  The texture is crunchier and the flavor is enhanced.  Probably the biggest challenge was the dressing.  The best Som Tom recipes show hints of garlic, lime, chili, palm sugar and fish sauce.  This version had fish sauce, sugar, chili and bottled lime juice.  It lacked the sparkle that should have gone along with the crunch.  Unfortunately, doctoring Som Tom with chili after the preparation is a marginal adjustment.  Having the chili in with the preparation helps the flavor spread throughout the preparation.  Being spoiled by a native who enjoyed this salad as much as I did, the preparation here does not compare.  I must try Nunthaporn's again for other items.  As of now, 2 stars is the best I can give.
3	Because I had a gift certificate, I had to try this restaurant.  I placed my order to go.  I ordered the Pad See Ew with beef and my DH ordered the panang curry with chicken.  I was lucky enough to find a parking space in front of the restaurant.  It was ready when they said it would be and it smelled great. I was hungry.  My husband said his curry was spicy but since I wasn't asked how spicy I wanted it, it must only come one way, spicy.  My dish was a little disappointing because the beef and broccoli weren't fresh and the noodles were all broken but the good thing is, it wasn't too oily.  I will go back and try something else because I have more gift certificates to use.  Nice decor and lots of seating and professional staff.
2	The food is pretty good but the service is HORRIBLE.  We came about 8:15, they close, and I mean CLOSE at 9.  You better have your food in a bag by then or they will throw you and your plate out the door.  They rushed us to order, practically stood by the table while we ate, nearly took the food out from under us.  Sorry, I am desperate for ethnic food here but won't go back.
2	Pretty good food and service. I got the Drunken noodles which were excellent. Its clean and is a pretty typical thai place. One thing is the hours are kinda limiting. I was there on a Thursday night, and they stopped seating people at 8:15. That is a little bit extreme, its not even dark by then in the summer. I have to deduct 2 stars for that, because that is really stupid to do.
5	Very cute place, love the decorations. Friendly staff. The lunch special included an egg roll and soup. I don't usually like egg rolls but this one was good, not too big or fried-tasting. My basil fried rice was medium spicy, yum! Great flavor too. Will definitely come back if I'm in the area again.
1	I guess they don't deliver every night. The first time I called they hung up on my. Don't think I'll be trying them after this.
1	We planned ahead to have dinner here and made reservations the for 6:15 PM before going to the 7:30 PM showing of Dreamgirls at the MAC. Arrived around 6:20 and was seated immediately. The place was crowded and the service seemed to be a bit slow. We all ready knew what we wanted so we ordered our meal at 6:30 PM. My wife and I sat and conversed over hot Jasmine tea. Some time had past and the server came to our table and told us that it would be another 10 minutes before our order would be ready and do we want to wait. I looked at the time and it was 7:10. I told him 'NO, void our ticket. So, we got up and left for the theatre. If they were on Top Chef, I would have told them to 'pack your knives and LEAVE'.The food is excellent there, but if you can't produce in a timely manner, then WHY even open.I think their problem is that they possible have one chef and when the restaurant is crowded, there is NO WAY they can keep the patrons HAPPY.There was a another table with two ladies and they were able to eat just the appetizer.I hope the owners of the restaurant are reading these comments from YELP because they have to open their eyes to see they are above the heads and NEED to hire another CHEF in the kitchen.If there was an option of ZERO stars, that's what I would have rated them.
5	One of the BEST Thai food restaurants in the valley! Any of the basil dishes are flavorful! Can't wait until the Fresh rolls are back on the menu!
5	I just had lunch here and it was AMAZING. I love this place. I had the Pad Thai and my brother in law had the cashew chicken. This place is fresh tasting, fulfilling, and pretty inexpensive. I would recommend this place to anyone. Actually, we are eating there again tomorrow. Very clean too which is important.
1	THE WORST SERVICE. Went to a show last night to watch the 730pm Fiddler on the roof. I arrived at 545pm and got a table for 4. The bottle of wine came out without a hitch. Ordered around 6pm and let them know we were here for a show and wanted our food early. At 7pm the waiter informs us that the food is going to be out in 15 minutes! They offered Spring Rolls to make up for it. I can't vouch for the food because when it arrived at 715pm we had 10 minutes to devour it and run to the show. WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.
5	Oh Nunthaporn's, why you so good?  Love this place.  My friends and I go all the time for lunch on Saturday.  They have a great lunch special menu.  I always get the Pad Thai and my friends get the Cashew Chicken.  For $7.50 you get a bowl of soup, some wontons, and a spring roll to start.  Then you pick your entree.  The soup is a simple broth with some veggies.  Light and easy.  The spring rolls are so good.  Fried to perfection.  The Pad Thai is the best I've ever had.  The rice noodles are tossed in a delicious peanut sauce.  Mixed with onion, bean sprouts, tofu, and your choice of meat (I always get the chicken).  They always give you a huge portion which is great.  You can take almost half of it home with you.This is just a nice place for lunch or dinner.  It's clean, the service is great and fast, and it's right off Main Street.  Also, they have a lunch punch card.  Once you get 10 lunches, you get a free one!  Pretty cool.
5	Another fun place in downtown Mesa! Great food, great atmosphere. Love it!!
2	about the 5th time , have eaten here.  Thai food is my all time favorite, and this was good standard, especially at lunchtime.  Out of my general range, and construction woes keep me away.   Went there today, after a long drive from Payson ,and had to pick up car from $1,000 repair, so was in area, with mom, and thought yum.  Went thru the back door.  about 10 people standing up front.  Asked them, what is wait? they said don't know, have been standing here at least 10 mins, some longer.  many empty tables, but full house waiting.  One waiter, and I guess a table clearer?.  We decided to leave, walking towards back, waiter stopped us and said, can put you at a table and bring water but 30-35 mins for food. Asked if someone out sick? He said no ,normal. That is just unacceptable.  was 1240 pm when got there.  If that is common, they need more wait and kitchen staff.    Mom said, lets just try it -so sat.  Many people upset, some leaving as soon as they came in after talking to those up front. .  Waiter and clearer working like crazy, seemed frenzied, stressed, and thought both were going to bolt out the door.  Lady next to us w/husband left, had to get to dr apt, so had finally gotten soup, but never got lunch.  She told husband to bring it home. Both were really upset.  Staff kept apologizing.   Finally, the  clearer guy, brought us soup about 25 mins after sat down.  It was not even warm.  spring roll came with, dry, chewy and barely warm.  then food came.  I ordered Evil Jungle princess that I get there often.  Didn't look remotely the same.  My mom said, that isn't what you ordered, tell him.  I said no, will just eat it.  Not going to wait for another order.   As long as no seafood all thai to me is good, and I was having a bad day already. Wouldn't have mattered as we couldn't get him to come back, glad some water on table for refill. The  restaurant started  clearing out, some sort of calm returned and we were able to pay bill.  but all in all stressful, disappointing experience for all the diners, and felt sorry for the staff.  Mom liked her food, other than wasn't very warm.  But she remembers it "being so much better last time".  So another thai restaurant crossed off the list. Don't think would even eat there if needing something before Mesa theater play
3	Food was really good; service was slow. They were definitely WAY UNDERSTAFFED. Those poor guys were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Frenzied. Far too many customers for just a couple of servers to keep up with . . . even good ones. Customers were waiting in front when there were empty tables. Recommendation: Could have solved some of the problems by having a "hostess" during busy times . . . someone to clear tables, seat customers and take checks. Then the servers could concentrate on what they do best . . . serve, and make sure customers are happy, so they will return. Just makes good business sense to me. Good food is not always enough. Only go when you have plenty of time to spare.
4	Four star flavor!  My palette was pleased. Came on a Wed, near 5pm. Service was good, food was great. Started off with Thai Tea served in a long tall glass, very good, then ordered Pad Thai, excellent taste and large portion for 10 bucks.
4	Does a review count if it's a regular weekday lunch spot steps away from where you work?The veggie options are predictably good here.  Spicy eggplant with tofu is my go-to dish.  I usually ask for it thai-hot to get the appropriate swelter going.  Their service is, as other reviewers have mentioned, sometimes uneven. (The restaurant is in downtown Mesa.  I imagine it's infuriatingly difficult to predict when things will be actually busy.)   However, the food is genuinely delicious, and a welcome option to break up the sandwich-heavy monotony of downtown dining options.
5	Excellent Thai cuisine with large portions for around $10!  Our go to dishes are : Pad Thai (any of the meats are great), Pad See Ew with beef, Yellow Curry with Pork and Evil Jungle Princess.  We love taking first timers here they are always committed to coming back!  Oh and their sticky rice with coconut ice cream for dessert is divine!!!
3	Went to this little place on Main Street in Mesa after a matinee performance at the MAC with a group of friends. Great pad thai with shrimp (lots of shrimp!) I was a little frustrated that they didn't offer two of the iced tea choices that were printed in their menu (server explanation: We don't serve that anymore.) I finally ordered a regular iced tea NO LEMON, and of course what did it come with.......lemon!  It was an off time for dinner (around 5 PM) but the place was pretty full and the service (as has been mentioned here) was SLOW. Also, interestingly enough, our table of 6 (and we ordered all together) was served at three different times. First two orders came out, about 5 minutes later 3 more, and about 5 minutes after that the last one. ??? The food is good and I would probably go back, but I will know next time about the service!
4	It's good and pretty flavorful, although I've tried four different entrees now and they all are on the sweet, rather than spicy, side.  Maybe next time I will specify that I want some kick to it.  The lunch special is a great deal for $7.50. I will be back!
4	I was originally walking to Queen's Pizzeria on Main Street to order a vegan pizza, but after passing by this restaurant Thai food was calling to me! I came in here only expecting to glance over the menu and ended up dining in. This is the first time I have ever eaten Thai food and it was a fantastic experience.As a vegan, it can be difficult to find restaurants with a lot of vegan options. But this restaurant has numerous vegan options and I found them to be very accommodating to my lifestyle. They answered any questions I had about what was in the food. I ordered the spring roll appetizer and the Pad Lard Na with tofu.With every order, they give you a complimentary cup of soup and an egg roll/spring roll. The soup was steaming hot and tasty and the spring roll was also good. They also provide sweet chili sauce to dip the spring roll in.I actually preferred the complimentary spring roll to my spring roll appetizer. If I had known you got a spring roll for free, I probably wouldn't have ordered the appetizer. The presentation of the spring rolls was beautiful and the sauce they came with was great. The spring rolls taste a lot better dipped in the sauce, so don't forgo it if you get them!The Pad Lard Na comes with sauteed flat rice noodles with sweet soy sauce, broccoli, Chinese broccoli, baby corn, and mushroom soy bean sauce. My only  two complaints about the dish are that I was expecting it to be firm tofu instead of soft tofu, and that there was a bit too much sauce. Other than that it was everything I had hoped for! The vegetables were cooked perfectly, the sauce was sweet like I expected, and it was a very large portion! Definitely worth $10.The only mistake the server made was giving me a diet coke instead of a sprite but quickly remedied it by giving me what I had ordered. I found the service to be excellent and gave them a tip over 25%If you're ever in the mood for Thai food, try this place out! I know I will be returning.
5	I come from Southern California, the land of the million Thai food places, and I'm a big fan of Thai, so I've had Thai food at a lot of different places. So when a few years ago I went to a convention whose main event was at 12 W Main, across the street from a Thai place in Mesa, I had to try it out. And I'm glad I did - I've been coming back once a year for that convention, and make sure to visit this place every year when I do!This place is *slightly* more expensive than the average around there, but the food is just as good as places in LB (better than some!) I *always* get noodle dishes, but with a name like "Evil Jungle Princess" (and a description including several of my favorite things), I couldn't help but try it. I made the right choice - I can't help but order the same thing every time (I can get pad thai and pad see ew anywhere, I haven't found any other place with the same recipe for this one.) I've tried bites of a few other things, though, and they've been pretty good too. Hilariously, this year when I was back a couple weeks ago, we (this convention) basically ate all their food - by the time I got there, they were out of several things. They handled it well, though.
5	had the evil jungle princess, it was freaking awesome. hubbie had something with beef and green beans, awesome too, but could not steal my heart from the jungle princess. I will eat here many times again. prices are good, nice relaxed atmosphere. slower paced than some restaurants but don't go there starving; enter, relax, order and eat whats your hurry?
4	I love the food here.  They'll make it as spicy as you want, and they know spicy!  Seriously, it's so annoying to order something extra hot and not even have a slight burn.  You will not have this problem with Nunthaporn.  The food is flavorful, the staff is helpful, their Thai ice tea is DELISH!  My favorite Thai restraurant as far as the food goes.  The decor is cute but they are a little understaffed.  Either way, it doesn't stop me from eating there.  I just choose to go during a less busy time of day.
3	Service- it seemed as if the servers were overwhelmed even if the dinning room was not full. Forgetful.Food- it was ok. Not bad not great.Price- less than $10 for lunch and drink. If chicken, pork, tofu, or vegetables.Ambience- casual dinning, brown vinyl booths and tables, white walls.Location- parking is a little tricky. You park in back or near public lot and then walk to establishment.
3	What a pleasant surprise. Came in here not knowing the area very well and came across this place. It was very clean and the staff, although very busy, were friendly. We ordered the Tom Yum soup with chicken. It was a lighter colored broth, so I was afraid it wouldn't have much flavor. I was totally wrong! It was very delicious and I would go back there just to get more.I also ordered a spicy chicken dish with baby corns, lime basil, green beans and bamboo shoots which was also very tasty. It did have slivers of ginger through out, but if your not a fan, they are easy to avoid. The only reason I give them 3 stars (really it's a 3 &1/2 star) was because it was a busy night and service was just a little slow. (But, they were hustling and moving quickly to keep up.)I look forward to returning to try the sticky rice for dessert. All on all, this place is worth a 1st try and maybe a return.
4	Good atmosphere. Pineapple Curry is great!  Lots of great flavors and just a little spice.  Pineapple and cashew rice is also very good.  The Evil jungle princess had fresh ingredients and put together well but it wasn't for me.  I will try Larb and a few other things next time and rereview.  Place was packed when we went but not a long wait to get a table.
2	Simply put, the service was slower than Moses. But the food wasn't bad.We were going to Southwest Shakespeare Company tonight to see Taming of the Shrew and met here for dinner. The patio was a great idea as it's one of those lovely January evenings. There were maybe 4 full tables of 2-3 people total at this place when we arrived. We ordered appetizers and the first was quick but then the chicken satay took twice as long as expected. When we ordered the second appetizer, we ordered our meals. I believe we all had the pad thai (three of us). Nothing too difficult to prepare, but we left waiting... and waiting.... and waiting. I took an hour for our meal, which was too long for a smaller place without a lot of people on a a Friday evening. No less than 5 different wait staff attended to us at different times through the evening so they weren't understaffed. "Our" waitress (blond haired) apologized for the slowness and said she "yelled at the kitchen staff for" us. When we paid the bill, we noticed someone named Joey was supposed to be the waiter. I am pissed that anyone other than this waitress would receive the tip. I hope that didn't happen. Don't know if I will be back here anytime soon. There's a new mexican place across the street; I may go there next time.Oh yes, as for the food. I have had better pad thai. I asked for a 5 and it was almost too hot to eat. Very sad indeed.
5	I love Thai and here i had some of the best in Mesa! i'm not a fan of places where Thai means 'super hot, have-no-idea-what-food-this-is-hot'; i'm actually a wimpy coconut yellow curry type: but the 3 of us agreed it was the best Thai we had! one ordered Thai hot, another 'just' hot and i the milder dish. mind you, it still had a little kick to it - but in all 3 dishes the flavors still came through. we had Thai ice tea (love it!) since it was lunchtime and the workday wasn't over :(i recommend you try this gem in downtown Mesa ! let me know what you think..since we went for a late lunch i can't comment on the noise level, (it was quiet only a few customers) but the service was great and our orders came out with perfect timing.
4	Not as good as Touch of Thai (which sets the bar for Thai food in Phoenix), but a very nice place with fantastic service and good fresh food. They are flexible, the prices are affordable, and the options are plenty. $10 for a nice lunch combo. Parking is a little tricky, but you can find it.
4	it's good. got the pad thai lunch special. i never get anything else in thai restaurants.But it wasnt as tasty as the other pad thai's ive had before. I loved Palee's Crown but apparently they closed.I guess they use a little less sweet sauce, and more diced tofu than I would have liked since my choice of meat to add in was Fried Tofu. Tofu overload.but honestly it was edible, and wasnt horrible. Nice place, ambiance and all. I wish I had time to eat in and have their soup of the day that comes with the lunch special.
5	We live in the area and eat here at least once month... Sometimes more. The food is super yummy. We always order double Pad Thai for leftovers :-).      We do take out so I don't know about service. But the people are always pleasant. Definitely try this place when you're near downtown Mesa.
1	Food was not sensational but typical Thai dishes.  I had the pad thai lunch special. I wanted the Larb but they don't serve that at lunch even though they gave me the menu with it on there.  I was very rushed to eat and leave even though I had an hour before they closed. The greater was very rude and the place was empty. I like to go to places where the atmosphere is inviting and for that and the basic food, I will not be coming back.
1	My wife and i went there last night at 8:30. Turns out they close the seating 30 minutes before closing time. In fact they pointed to the sign they have posted next to the cash register. We were offered take out.  So get there early so you can try their food.
1	I had heard good things about this place, My friends were wrongThey seemed a little busy, asked to place a take out order and was met with an extremely quick and rude come back in an hour. Really?
5	Excellent Thai food at great prices. This is a favorite lunchtime spot of mine. I'm never disappointed by the quality and flavors.
4	I love thai food and eat it whenever I can. This is the first place in the whole valley I have found that serves my favorite dish evil jungle princess. It is so tasty and they do it very well. They are always busy and servers are always working hard. My fiance has had a few different dishes and is always happy with his picks as well.
4	The food is good. I've probably eaten here five times in the past month. Its priced very reasonably. The thai basil and Evil Jungle Princess are great. A few complaints I have: there's a waiter whose name I don't know, but he wears glasses and is always there-  he has awkwardly stared at me for long periods of time while I was eating. Enough that its made me uncomfortable. I don't really like getting stared at while eating. Also, they have a dish called "Garlic Lover" that should be renamed "Black Pepper Lover". Both times I ordered it, there was visibly too much black pepper and I could feel it crunching in my teeth as I ate my food. It really ruins what would otherwise be a good dish. But other than that, the place is fine. I'll keep coming here.
4	Love the food and have never ordered anything but the Garlic Lover's with chicken since I first tried it.  The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 is that they stop seating way before their advertised closing time and they're also not always open during their listed hours.  I've resorted to always calling and placing take out to be safe.
3	We went on Saturday evening for dinner. We were seated quickly and orders were taken in timely manner.We ordered our usual for anytime we visit a Thai restaurant for the first time. We ordered Tom Ka hot pot, pad thai and panang curry.First: The water. They have a carafe filled on table so you can refill your own water. Great idea for someone who drinks a lot but it's not kept cold and they won't refill your ice. The hot pot was good but not lit. Where's my fire? They added onion, which is not traditional, but okay. Not much root or leaves either. The pad thai was very sweet and no heat. They didn't even ask if I'd like it spicy or not. It's more common that they will ask how hot you want your dish but not at Nunthaporn. It was still good, just a little too sweet for my taste and not nearly enough heat. The panang curry was good but nothing special. Again, not much heat. They could have added more fish sauce to as the coconut was way too prominent. Basically, good food but I've had better.My main problem comes from the service. The wait staff wasn't attentive and that's fine. At least it didn't take long for the food to come out. But it was how they handled the bill. My total was just over $28 and I had a gift card for $25. We paid with the gift card and advised I will pay the rest and tip on my debit card. The manager came by our table with the waitress and advised me I couldn't pay using my card because it was under $5. What?!? With the tip, it would have been definitely over $5 and not only that, it wasn't like my bill was $3. My bill was $28 so it shouldn't have mattered. It wasn't even that I was trying to pay with 2 different debit cards, just one. Either way, they would occur a fee for card usage. I argued the point with the manager but they didn't care. I don't carry cash and advised them they would have to use the card and they refused. Luckily, I had a $10 gift card to Main St. (accepted at any business on Main St) so I had to use the $10 card and put the rest on the gift card, leaving a small balance on the gift card. Of course I had no cash and they wouldn't let me tip with the gift card so I had no way to tip them. I guess they didn't want to be tipped.I'll probably give the remaining gift card away as I don't plan on returning. Their food was nothing special and there are other Thai restaurants in the valley that are better.
1	Tried to get lunch on Saturday at 12:45. Closed with no explanation. My whole group was disappointed.
5	I have to admit, I am a little bit of a Thai fanatic. I work close to Nunthaporn's so uasually when I eat Thai, Nunthaporn's is where I go. I went somewhere else close to my house the other night and I about spit it out, "THIS is not Nunthaporn's!" I am used to such a high quality, delicious, flavorful dish from eating at Nunthporn's and other places just don't even come close. Now I thought... maybe it was just that one place... and then I made the mistake again with another that delivered to my house. It wasn't even comparable. If you want the BEST Thai you have ever had, go to Nunthaporn's. Don't make the same mistake I did.
4	My visit was happenstance.  I google "Papaya restaurant  in Mesa" on my phone and the results included Nunthaporn's. Happy to report that venturing off my list was a hit. Papaya remains on my places to eat bucket list.  We shared the papaya salad - I'm looking forward to my leftovers. I had a red curry dish with eggplant, fried tofu, carrots, mushrooms and more. ( Man the tofu was the best ever.) I was humming "ummmmmm" after the first bite.  I'm doing it now trying to see if I have the right phonetic spelling... well anyway you know what I mean.  I spiked my to-go portions with the green chili condiment in brine, so good. After asking our lovely waitress how to pronounce Nunthaporn,  I will tell friends about a great Thai restaurant on Main that starts with an "N."  Will I go back?  Yes, yes and yes please.  Eat Happy!
5	Amazing food!  The Pad Thai was perfect!  If you are planning to eat here before a show at the Mesa Arts Center then make sure you get a reservation because this place gets packed!
5	Off the hook good! Definitely the real deal. Not just fresh and plentiful, but steaming hot and priced more than fair.EAT HERE... it's that good.
4	Had lunch at noon on a Saturday. Not too busy. Very good service. Clean. All 4 of us had different entrees and all were very good. Will return to try something different.
1	My group went for lunch on a Friday. We were seated immediately, as it wasn't busy at all but it took 20 minutes before our server even acknowledged that we were there. When she did finally take our order, she didn't bring out our drinks right away. We actually had to bring it up twice with her, and we got our food before we got anything to drink. It was ridiculous especially with some of us ordering spicy curry. She wasn't apologetic at all and just seemed to not care about the customers, overall not professional.The food was great though! I had the Evil Jungle Princess and the mango rice for dessert. I'd give it 4/5, but I've never had such terrible service before coming here. We were all disappointed because the reviews are great. Next time we'll just order to go.
4	This is my second time here, I tried the 'Pad Thai' this time and it was a little salty but still pretty good. They serve a small soup and egg roll as a complimentary appetizer, which the egg roll tastes awesome and I really wish they gave you two. After the meal is done Im always pretty stuffed. Plan at least a 45 min meal time when going with a few people.
4	Now that the lightrail construction has cleared up around this area (for the most part) it's made it easier to access some of the prime little lunch spots like Nunthaporn's. If you want a quick and painless lunch, go during their off peak hours, right when they open or between 1-3PM. I made the mistake once of going during the lunch rush and never got a cup for my water (there are self serve water carafes on each table), had to get my own silverware and got my starter soup and egg roll after my meal came. Service was friendly but you could tell the wait staff was stressed, making it  all very weird and uncomfortable. But.  If you come during the off hours, service is quick, attentive and friendly without the anxiety. Lunch specials are cheap ($8-10) but so quality and delicious. Lunch comes with a starter soup (tofu cubes, veggies and a kind of palate cleansing broth) and an egg roll. I've had the pad see ew with beef which is my baseline dish for Thai restaurants. If a Thai restaurant flops on that dish I probably won't be back. Nunthaporn's does it well with the perfect mixture of wide noodles, addictively cracky sauce and just enough meat to make you feel like you're getting more than your money's worth. The only thing I wish they'd change is using Chinese broccoli instead of regular broccoli but I'd definitely get it again. Their curries are on point, but my favorite is the green which really brings the spicy. Speaking of spice, it appears they don't use the usual 1-10 spice level gauge. All of my dishes have been moderately spicy and I've never been asked how hot I like my food. Maybe they just saw the spicy food champion inside of me without me having to say anything. That being said, if you're sensitive to spicy food you may want to let them know to knock down the spice level for you. All of their lunch dishes could easily make two meals and I often end up taking half back to work and having it for lunch the next day. This is easily in my top 5 favorite lunch spots in the area!
