2	We were attempting to purchase a home in the Vegas area and in this tight market, needed everything to go smoothly in financing in order to not have our deal fall through.Not only did our loan officer not make the process smooth, he overlooked simple qualifications that needlessly ate time. We had to change loan types in between because he did not look at the debt on our credit report correctly and so we had to restart the whole process which burned a week.While the credits markets were rocky over the couple of weeks we were obtaining this loan(which we could have avoided had simple conditions not been overlooked earlier) our officer used it to change between rates as high as 4.5% to 3.75% back to 4% with added costs that were not disclosed earlier. Not only do I watch markets anyways, a week with a fluctuation like the one described above would be catastrophic in the economy. We were in constant need to do financial gymnastics to pay down loans and meet conditions which is not the fault of WJ Bradley completely (mortgage laws are crazy now), but the lack of warning and preparation was, and again, could have been avoided had our officer been more attentive.We did not get low costs or good rates with WJ Bradley, nor did we receive competent service to justify the higher costs.
5	Rey and his team at WJ Bradley are very professional and always on top of the current market trends. I am a Realtor and have worked with many different lenders.  If your looking for a true professional Rey is your guy!
5	Rey and his team are a top notch lending company. We have used him both personally and professionally as a top producing real estate team in Las Vegas. Rey has impeccable communication and provides the quickest service to his clients and partners in business. He also has many programs for different needs including over 7 down payment assistant programs that are helpful for those that don't have money available for down payment. We appreciate Rey and his team and are proud to know him.
