5	Simply put, This is the best Chinese-fare in the city.Served fast and hot by attentive Wait Staff.
4	I can't get excited enough to call it the best Chinese in Charlotte, but the food is consistently good.  The service is consistently above average.  The best thing I have noticed about this place is unlike many Chinese restaurants, they use the same menu for lunch and dinner.  I have never understood why I had to pay more for the same exact meal at 6:00pm in so many other Chinese places.
3	I haven't ate here - but wanted to ask a question. I popped in to check out the menu since I was really excited to find a restaurant with the word "Taipei" in the name. However, none of the dishes looked Taiwanese. The menu is typical Americanized Chinese food. Maybe there is a secret menu?Can anyone who is familiar with Taiwanese food and not just standard Americanized Chinese food comment?thanks!
4	Had lunch here today and had the best Orange Chicken I have ever had. It was crispy and perfectly seasoned! Orange chicken, rice and an egg roll was $6.95! I don't typically go here - it's a little out of my way but today reminded me to go back! Service was great!Taipea South is located in the Food Lion strip shopping center behind Burger King and across the street from Lowes (Johnson Road near Highway 51).
3	My friends and I were looking for a decent but relatively inexpensive Chinese restaurant and we found it in Taipei South.  We arrived around 730pm and while the place was bustling with patrons, we were promptly seated with no wait .  The service was extremely efficient, with appetizers and soups brought within a few minutes of ordering.  There was a bit of confusion when ordering some sweet and sour sauce and this took quite a while to figure out, but other than that the food was well worth the prices (ave of about 6 or 7 bucks per dinner!).  I'd definitely go back for some inexpensive, decent Chinese!
3	Really cheap for the dining experience. Very good though, great portion sizes. Quick service!
1	Pretty disappointed. I was excited to try this place out for a late dinner, after reading all the previous reviews; just wanted to go and place a to-go order. Arrived at 9:35pm, and they told us the kitchen was closed. Most restaurants have to serve until their closing time (which was 10pm). Maybe it's just Chinese places that stop serving? I'm not sure. But I'm not used to walking into a place BEFORE they close and being sent away. They lost my business for good. I know I should have called beforehand. I normally wouldn't go to a restaurant that close to closing time, but when I do, they at least take my money!
2	The food and prices are decent but the service could use some work. I felt like this one waitress was very rude. Also, I ordered take out recently, picked it up myself, and payed with a credit card. I found out a couple of days later that they took it upon themselves to add gratuity. It was kind of shady business practice so I won't go back.
3	A fellow passenger on us air recommended this restaruant, and after 2 visits,  its a good recommendation.  This is probably the best chinese food I have had in town, however I am only giving 3 stars because of the way they serve the food.I think most people would experience chinese food as served family style.  In otherwords you may order a dish, but its pretty much a free for all when it gets to the table.  Thats how it works in my family anyway (disclaimer, I am not chinese)If you haven't been here, its kind of hidden at the farthest north part of the parking lot.
4	Taipei South was recommended to me from a friend. We usually dine at The Great Wall and I have to special order my Orange Peel Shrimp because it's not on the menu and sometimes they give me flack. I found my choice item on Taipei South's menu and boy was it cheaper! My meal was large in portion and even came with an egg roll. I must say I was well pleased with the taste of the food and I will be back!
4	This place is a testament to the power of word-of-mouth. So much so that by writing this review I feel like just one more voice added to a cacophony of praise for this place. I've been familiar with Taipei South for about 8 years now and I've never once seen or heard any advertisement for the place anywhere. It's just not needed. Even with the terrible location the place thrives.And for good reason. The food is always good and plentiful (best eggrolls in town). The service is always quick. The staff is back to fill your drink while it's still half full. And all this for the price of a fast food meal.I left that part of town about 3 years ago but still go back probably once a month. I just haven't been able to find a Chinese restaurant in center city that lives up to it. They're all either not as good, more expensive or both. The only conceivable complaint I can see being made of this place is that the wait staff can be a bit terse and may make some feel rushed. I choose to interpret this as fast service as they do everything quickly but never make me feel pressed to leave if I linger in conversation after the bill has been paid. I think they just know that nearly all their customers are regulars and figure they know what they want almost as soon as they sit down.
5	have loved all the House of Taipei's that have been in Charlotte since I moved here in '92. Food is always good, as far as some of the complaints about the service; c'mon this is a Chinese restaurant. Most of these folks speak no English or very little, and they are usually busy running around like mad so they don't stop by every 5 min's asking if everything is OK , which is fine by me, I don't come to a Chinese or ethnic restaurant for the banter w/the staff:)Also one biggie for me; the prices have hardly changed in the last 5-6 years at the one I go to on park Rd. The New Tze chicken has been $5.95 as long as i can remember, a big plus since everywhere else you go prices have in a lot of cases almost doubled
1	Food: So completely, totally meh. Pre-cooked meats, steamed vegetable, and poured over the top sauces.  Meh.Decor: Moderatly interesting Asian art with a few too many happy Buddhas.Service: Confused but trying to be helpful.
5	My family has been going here for fourteen years (since we lived in the apartments behind the restaurant and would balance on a water pipe over a creek to walk there!)The food has been fresh and consistent. The service is very good and fast. The prices are very reasonable. We always get wonton soup, dumplings, Hunan chicken, garlic chicken, or sa cha chicken.  Both egg and spring rolls are good.  We will continue to eat here and bring family and friends.
4	First of all, This review is only base on lunch time because I've never been there at dinner, HOWEVER this place been open for a LOOOOONG time as far as chinese restaurant goes in that area, this place is PACKED for lunch almost ALL the time in the weekdays but the service is incredibly fast and the food comes out quick too so the wait is usually minimal or none at all.  their lunch special is only around $6-$7 so very reasonable and its always delicious i've been there for probably over 30 times for lunch and i've never had a dish i dont like,  their meat, their sauces is very flavorful! if ur in the area and have a thing for some good ole chinese food for lunch, give this place a shot! u wont be disapointed!
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. We've been going here for over 10 years - the scallion chicken is my favorite. The food is always very good and very reasonably priced. I'm puzzled by others' comments on the service - We've always had good service.
4	1. $10 or less dinner prices2. Garlic Beef with Eggplants3. Chicken wings as a side item..ENOUGH SAID!This my go to place when I want good, cheap Chinese/Taiwanese food. I recommend getting anything with the garlic sauce. It's my favorite!
4	If you are into American Chinese food, then Taipei South is probably the best place in Charlotte for that. Not only are you guaranteed to enjoy your food, you are guaranteed to be satisfied / hardly able to finish it all! Why, you ask? WELL:1) All dinner combos come with a hearty entree, a big mound of rice, and a side item.2) The combos cost anywhere from $7-10 bucks: affordable!3) Customizable entrees: choose the sauce and the veggies!I personally went with a spicy black bean sauce, and elected chinese eggplant as my vegetable of choice, served alongside the trio of beef, pork, and shrimp. It was delicious and I will definitely come back and try out different combinations!
4	Best Chinese food I've had in nc since moving from NYC. I can at least eat it without saying omg I just wasted money
1	I was a loyal customer for many years, until one day the beef started to taste funny. Then I got food poisoning. Never Again.
5	Just stopped in for my daughter's 15th birthday.  It is her birthday meal of choice year after year. Perhaps because she has been eating it since before she was born? Still consistently delicious, hot, fresh & fast.Love any and all of their spiced brown sauces. The biggest problem can be which to choose.We will definitely keep coming back!
4	This place is a good value for the amount of food you get. I love their hot and sour soup. I highly recommend it as a lunch spot but it wouldn't be the first on my list for dinner.
4	I have been looking forward to trying this place for quite some time now. My first visit was a bust because they were closed but this time was perfect....a rainy Saturday afternoon what could be better than Chinese food?!!?I'm a little ashamed to say the reason I've been so anxious to try this place, it's for the chicken wings. Yep. I said chicken wings. They offer them as a side here!!! Say What!?!? The menu is simple, you chose a meat and then a sauce to accompany them. They have your pretty standard variety of meats: chicken, shrimp, beef, scallops, tofu etc. However, the selection of sauces is great. There are tons of options to tickle your tastebuds. I started with the vegetable soup. It was pretty standard. A really good broth and steamed crunchy veggies and tofu. The crackers that they served with the soup were very interesting. I'm used to the wonton strips; but these crackers were crispy  and blended well with the soup. For my meal I chose the Dual (two meats) with chicken and shrimp. I went with the steamed rice, chicken wings as my side (of course) and added an egg roll. I kept it simple and picked the spiced brown sauce with broccoli with a request to make it extra spicy. The food was out in no time. The brown sauce was really good, not as spicy as I hoped but still very tasty. The chicken and shrimp were plentiful. In every bite I had either a piece of chicken or shrimp and the broccoli was cooked perfectly. The egg roll was pretty standard, but still tasty. And those chicken wings that I had been waiting to try....were as great as I expected. Super crispy, cooked just the right way and they were actually seasoned really well. Totally worth the hype. Service was great and the prices were just right. I definitely recommend giving this place a try!
4	Not authentic Chinese by any means, but definitely a great place for a decent, inexpensive meal. The huge, satisfying portions will run about $7-10 and they come with white or fried rice & a veggie roll, egg roll, or chicken wings! I have tried quite a few things over the years from veggie lo mein, steamed vegetables, and veggies & tofu in garlic sauce, but my favorite will always be the sesame tofu. There aren't any vegetables in it, but I add some for $1 extra. I also tried the steamed vegetable dumplings once. They were pretty good, & HUGE, but a weird seafoam green color, which was kind of off-putting. On my last visit, I tried the general tofu but it wasn't spicy at all so I just ate the dried chili peppers that were in the sauce. Some things seem like a good idea at the time but eventually you will find out it was actually a pretty shitty idea..BF's go-to order is the general scallops with white rice & chicken wings. Both of our meals run about $20 including the tip which is a STEAL. For some reason, we usually end up here on Sundays and this place is packed! The ladies who work here are very sweet, but because it's so busy, they may be a little short with you, which I don't really mind, I'm not here to make friends. Service is quick & our drinks are constantly being refilled. If you like modestly priced, dinosaur-sized portions of non-crappy Americanized Chinese food, this is the place to be!
5	We eat here at least twice a week. You can't beat the low prices and good quality of food. I generally don't like Chinese....I prefer Thai but their food is so flavorful. I love the chicken with garlic sauce with chicken wings. I know it sounds crazy but the wings are good.
5	This is my go to Chinese place in Charlotte. The night I moved here I went with my parents, my mom is really picky about Chinese, and raved about it for a week after. I went again a few weeks later and ordered something different and again everything was amazing! Their hours are a little weird so make sure you look them up before heading over. My fav is the black pepper chicken. The chicken is perfectly cooked, seared not boiled like most Chinese and the veggies are perfectly tender with just the right amount if bite.
5	I am a bit hesitant to give up my best kept secret of Taipei South. My husband and I visit pretty regularly for a fast, cheap, and delicious Chinese meal. This time I got the Wonton soup and he got beef and broccoli which comes with fried rice and an egg roll, which he shares with me :). There is plenty of food to share between 2 people. The service is spot on and very quick. I think after we ordered it probably came out in 5 minutes. After all was said and done, our check was less than $9, and we were both very satisfied.
3	The food is very tasty and very reasonably priced. Unfortunately, the service has always been rude! I hate to say it, but for the entire experience there is one Chinese restaurant in particular in the area that blows this place out of the water!
2	Alright, I've got the same hangup most others have about this place. The food isn't bad, it's GOOD. They give you a lot for a good price. Don't expect genuine Chinese food, this is American Chinese food -- just like most Chinese restaurants in this country. Now here's the hangup I have with Taipei South. Customer service is lacking. The ladies that work the front aren't mean people at all, so let me make that point. But it's always a mixed bag. Sometimes orders are quickly placed, drinks always topped off, and food comes out quickly. But other times it can be the opposite. I'll use my last visit as an example:The waitresses said little to nothing (which is the usual case). They did bring out a little jar of Dr Pepper so I could refill my cup faster, but the waitress at one point came by and took the jar and used it to refill another customers drink who didn't even know I had been using that jar... Then she put it back on my table. It was also past peak lunch hour (1:45 and 1/3 full) yet I waited 12 minutes by the time I got my check to when I got the receipt.Really this place just needs to be more hospitable. It would go a LOOONG way. Maybe they're content with where they're at? I'm sure they do fine since they serve good food. But it's no secret friendly and unforgettable service creates a memorable experience for the customer, something that causes them to always come back. I would love Taipei South to figure this out.
3	Decent food.. there was too much sauce, but the vegetables were fresh.  The tofu was interesting- crisply, fried on the outside and soft on the inside.  Items are priced nicely, the food was ready when I got there and the staff was really nice.  I ordered take-out and paid for it, but ended up eating it there.. which they were cool with.  I would definitely go again for eat-in and/or take-out.
5	This is definitely the best Chinese food in Charlotte and may be the best overall restaurant in town. Very inexpensive but quality Chinese food. I've had almost everything on the menu and loved it all. Your food will be out in 3 minutes and you will not be disappointed.
5	The best hole I. The wall Chinese place I've ever had. Great to. Pick up and take home. They are super fast getting your food together and my order is always right!
5	We have been coming here for many years.  The food is always great and the service is fast.
