3	I'm always excited when I see a new spot opening up close to work. It's nice having lunch options that go beyond Taco Bell. And so, with a song in my heart and a hop in my step (not really) I ventured into Golden Valley restaurant. Golden Valley is brand spanking new, located in a strip mall on the Northeast corner of 19th ave and Northern. The interior looks a little incomplete, but it's comfortable. We were greeted quickly and seated. Our server seemed a little bit nervous, but I'll give him proper respect. He knew the menu inside and out! One of my coworkers is a vegetarian that had many, many questions about food preparation. Our server was able to break down any dish on the menu. I ordered a grilled chicken pita sandwich with a side of tabbouleh. The salad was fresh and nicely balanced. All to often the parsley dominates, but here the other flavors really came through. The sandwich was delicious! The chicken was well prepared, the bread was fresh and the pickles were a nice touch. The general consensus was that the food was great. On the less than positive side of things, Golden Valley is not a well oiled machine. Though the food was good service was spotty, and paying the bill was more complicated than it should have been. My hope is that the business will soon match the food in quality.
4	I came here for lunch with a coworker.  We were in and out in about 35-40 minutes, just perfect.  Service was excellent, courteous, etc.It's set in a strip mall, and inside you get very interesting Uzbek music videos playing, which kind of sets the vibe.  It looks the back of the restaurant could be a stage for some dancing, which is kind of interesting.Everything has pictures, which makes ordering easy.We ordered a nice tabbouleh salad ($2.50), which tasted incredibly fresh (I'm not a huge fan of this salad, but it seemed healthy, and this was as good as any other I had tried), and was easily enough to share with 2-3 people as a small appetizer.  I tried a recommended dumpling appetizer ($8), which was 5 giant steamed dumplings with onions and meat minced inside, very interesting but good.For the main course, we each had a sandwich.  I had the kebob sandwich, with nice lean chunks of steak inside, pickle, onions, sauces, etc. in a pita.  Nicely filling, and a great value at $5.My companion had the chicken version, minus pickle, for $4.50.So for less than $20 prior to tip, we had a nice two course meal for two.Outstanding value, quality ingredients (I judge the quality of a restaurant a lot by the quality of the meat they put in things like sandwiches). Good service, okay ambiance.  This isn't a romantic date night spot, but if you are looking for something out of the ordinary with quality food, I think you could do a LOT worse than Golden Valley.  The fact that the prices are so cheap is just a bonus.I'll be back.
2	A friend and I decided to try Golden Valley for dinner.  My friend ordered a gyro sandwich, which was OK.  Not bad at all, but not great.  I ordered a kabob platter of gyro meat, chicken and beef.  Everything was alright, except the beef, which was some of the toughest meat I've ever had.The service was prompt and courteous.  The ambiance is more appropriate to lunch, perhaps, than dinner.
3	Can I tell the difference between Uzbek cuisine and other Middle Eastern or Mediterranean cuisine?  Nope.  For all I know it's only a matter of where the restaurant owners are from.  I like it all regardless.The sign outside reads, in large letters, "UZBEK KEBABS".  That's all they needed to lure me in.  It's not a fancy place, located in a strip mall across the street from Bookmans, but they do a good job giving it a little more atmosphere by adding Middle Eastern style draperies.  A large TV on the wall plays a variety of music videos from, I assume, Uzbekistan.The menu offers the typical dishes you would expect to find at this kind of joint: a variety of kebabs (lamb, beef, chicken), hummus and some shrimp options.  I ordered the lamb kebab sandwich with a side of Uzbek bread and a bottle of Pepsi (hecho en Mexico) plus a slice of cake for desert.  My tab was under $12.My food was pretty good.  Not as good as other places I've had similar meals but very tasty.  The sandwich was prepped good and the presentation was satisfactory.  Golden Valley puts in a little effort and does not serve a sloppy sandwich.  Even if a kebab sandwich isn't your cup of tea it is aesthetically pleasing.  If I was to offer any criticism, there was too much onion for my taste.Overall it was a good restaurant and I was pleased with my meal.  I wish Yelp would allow me to post a 3.5 star review as Golden Valley is better than "okay" but I can't go a solid 4 as it falls short of a few favorite locations.
5	Ok I don't usually write reviews, but this place deserves it. Its not your usual Greek or Middle Easter/Arabic cuisine, so it can be easily misunderstood. This place makes amazing food from Uzbekistan, a country from Middle Asia, actually right on the Caspian Sea.I had Lagman and a Lamb Kebob. Lagman which is a noodle and beef soup, was very flavorful and hearty. Amazing, just like my grandma makes-too bad she does not live too close :) The noodles are made from scratch and the spice mixture of dill, cumin and corriander makes the broth soo tasty. The Lamb kebob is cooked on the smoke and does not touch fire directly-very traditional Uzbek way of cooking kebobs. The meat was so juicy, smoky and flavorful! I just ordered one skewer which came with a big helping of thinly sliced raw sweet white onion. This is also a very traditional way to serve the kebobs. Please put a drizzle of white vinegar, a bottle of which is at every table, on the onions. Onions and a piece of the kebob bites are heavenly!! One can also order a side of Uzbek bread and Palov to accompany the kebob. Palov is a rice dish. Now I have not tasted it here, but based on what I saw and did try, I am sure it is just as fabulous!!Entering this place, please leave all of the notions of what you think middle eastern food should tase like behind and embrace Uzbek Cuisine.For something more familiar, this place also carries Gyros, Shawarmas, Hummus and Greek salad.Almost forgot...this place has REAL  Coke, Pepsi and Fanta glass bottles!!
5	KABOBTASTIC!!!served with a great lemony garlic sauce, yogurt sauce, dill carrot and onion shreds, pita and perfect rice.Uzbek, Middle Eastern, Halal, Mediterranean???And that's all you need to know... see for yourself it is greatly tasty.
4	Good food I wish I could eat here more often. But only when I am in town. I Will be back when I can.
3	Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a good time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and sweet white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty seasoned rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a good choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of warm pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time.
4	Excellent tabbouleh salad! Very fresh. Vegetarian dishes all freshly prepared. Service a little slow, but for freshly made, that's ok. Nice folks.
1	NO, NO, NO!!!  The Number One rule for a restaurant or any other business has got to be that you don't try to cheat the customer!  I went to the Web site for this place before going there for lunch today, & wrote down what I planned to order, including these items:Plinchik 2pc. $2.49Somsa 2 pc. $2.49What he tried to charge me:Plicnik 2 pc. $3.99     :-OSomsa:  "You have to pay for 4 at $9.99."     :-OI also had an Uzbek Salad & a Lamb Kebab Sandwich.  It doesn't matter how the food was, because trying to cheat the customer on the money is SO NOT OK!!!
4	I've been here twice and I've had great service each time.  The waiters are often playing interesting videos from YouTube (Uzbek food videos, Uzbek weddings, etc.) and are very helpful.  I've tried the shrimp kebab, which was good but slightly boring to me.  The cool thing here is that they have various Russian sodas.  I went here almost a month ago, brought the rest of my soda home in its glass bottle, and rediscovered it in the fridge yesterday.  Still good. :)  They often also have a grocery cart full of organic melons (cantelope, I think).  Strange, but cool.The other dish I tried was the lagman - a noodle soup with beef in beef broth.  It strangely reminds me of my mom's pot roast, which I hated as a kid because it was so dry.  However, this is in a soup form, and it needs something to flavor it a little more, BUT, I swear I crave it every other day.  We've been meaning to go back lately but haven't had time.   Order the lagman with the round bread (can't remember the name) and dip the bread in the soup to finish up the broth when you're done with the noodles and meat. Om nom.The best part about this place is that  it is amazingly priced (I can spend less than ten bucks here, easy) and their meat is halal, which is hard to find for those who require it  :)
5	This restaurant, while quaint and non descript serves really fresh and delicious uzbek food.  The kabobs are amazing, especially lula kabob.  The chicken is super tender and flavorful.  Service is good as well.  Five all around.
5	This great little spot has unfortunately CLOSED. :(
3	First trip here tried mix grill and beef swarma.
5	Oh man! Why do all the good places have to close. I discovered this place by accident. My family and I were going to eat the best fish tacos in Arizona at Tacos Atoyac but when we ordered a couple to try them we were Highly disappointed so we left. The best fish tacos here in Az. Were at one time Tacos Del Campo. But they closed.  Uzbek food was very delicious that I soon forgot that I was here in this forsaken desert. I watched the videos on the tv about their country and I loved seeing what a wonderful place it is. Too bad politics and religion ruin all the great places with their useless ideology.  Wonderful place SAD to see it close.
1	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =... & good riddance!     :-o
