5	If you are serious about getting in shape this is your guy!! Sidney is an amazing trainer he pushes me when I feel like giving up & is constantly motivating me. I've always struggled with maintaining my weight & after just 1 month of training with him I've dropped 10 lbs! He give you the best results in the shortest amount of time. He helps you out with your nutrition and what supplements are recommended for your body type. The work outs are fun & he always has new workouts to surprise you with. I also love that he makes time for his clients & works with my work schedule so I never have to miss a day training. If you're ready to change you're life & get in shape contact him ASAP you won't regret it!
5	If you want a hot body, go to Sidney. I found him through Instagram (sidneywilson4) so me, my sister, and friend decided to try it out. Results were great!! The work outs are intense but you get what you work for. Sidney is motivational and will give you what you want!! I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to lose weight, get tone, or even just want a better booty!!
5	Check out Sidney on instagram sidneywilson4. He makes work outs fun and you will achieve excellent and fast results. I have had many trainers in the past and Sidney has by far been the best!
5	Sidney is the epitome of motivation. It's great if you work out- all the power to you. BUT If you want RESULTS QUICKLY, sign on the dotted line. He'll kick your ass and push you farther than you would EVER go "train" by yourself.  @sidneywilson4 #getvicious #2yrsandcounting #fitness #nutrition #dmd2be #whatsyourgoal
5	I found out about Sidney through other friends of mine who were training with him, it took me a few months to finally work out when I could start training with him too, and I am SO thankful that I am. He's amazing, so motivational, but still funny and realistic. The workouts are intense and sometimes I think I'm not going to make it through everything, but I continuously surprise myself and I always do. I am so much stronger and I feel so much better about my body. I signed up for a 6 week program, and without a doubt I am going to sign up for the same program again. Workout out with Sidney has changed my life, and it's not a crash diet or crazy workout program. It's a real, life change for the better. I would 100% recommend Sidney Wilson!!! Check out my progress pictures if you don't believe me :)
5	if u need a swift kick in the butt... Sidney is the man! He will push u to ur limits and beyond.  Be prepared to work!! You will shed some tears and some serious pounds! and will DEFINITELY see results. quickly!  He doesn't waste time!!!
5	Sidney Wilson is THE trainer to go to in Las Vegas. If you want results, and you want them fast, this is the place to go. For a great location, an amazing trainer, a flexible schedule and exciting workouts that will keep you coming back, Sidney Wilson is the only place for you. See for yourself the amazing transformations of his clients through his program http://instagram.com/sidneywilson4Don't wait to get the body you want- Start today & Sidney will help you get there.
5	If you're serious about getting your body in shape & embracing a healthier lifestyle, sidney is the trainer for you! He pushes you to your limit and transforms your body everyday. I'm so glad I found him. The results I got within just my first month were shocking. I'm now into my second month and excited to see my continued transformation. My body looks better than ever, I feel energetic, and best of all I'm healthier than I have ever been. If you're looking for a trainer online or in the Vegas area, Sidney is the guy for you!
5	I found out about Sidney on Instagram. Best discovery ever. This program has given me better results than anything else I've ever tried. And I still indulge every one and awhile. I love the workouts, and never dread going to the gym!!!! I signed up for the online program, and I can only imagine what the results would be if I lived in Vegas. I highly recommend you try his program. He won't fail you. You can find me on Instagram to see how I've done it @danielle_mulas I'll post photos on here as well
5	If getting in shape and changing your life is something you are trying to do then Sidney is the man to help you achieve that. I have been coming to him for 6 months now and have never looked better. It is a lifestyle that you will never want to give him up. It's an addiction! Best decision I ever made!
