4	Well it is a Midas.  Both myself and girlfriend have had work done on our cars here.  They are pretty honest and fair about prices and trying to help you out when it will be a large job.  They actually show you the parts and why it is bad. Paul the manager works almost all the time, and you can tell he cares about the location.Small cons are the oil changes seem to be routine given the price and what is listed as the "checks".  Also our car was taken in with a check engine light and a specific part that would have cost $400 to fix at Midas.  After looking on Autozone.com the part was found for $70 and installed with one screw.  They had it listed as an hour part.  I was not happy to find this out.Overall though one of the more honest repair shops.
4	Been there twice they seem like there on the up and up. There pretty quick but make an appt if you can
1	They were suppose to open up at 7:30, went there early to try to get my oil change, Manager was having car trouble so on of the employees came over and said they wouldn't be open until around 8:15.  Called back around 8:10 and asked if they had time for an oil change, they said we are booked for until noon but you can come drop in but may take 2 hours for an oil change.  They give out this 17.99 coupon for oil change but then they either have you waiting for hours and then try to upsell you.  I can't stand midas.
1	Dont take your car here unless you want to be charged for services you DID NOT receive. I took my girlfriends car there to get her fuel pump replaced. After the tech lectured me for about 10 min about the importance of not driving your car on E (duh, I know, not my car, my girlfriends) they charged me 25 bucks for gas. Ok, cool I thought there is 25 dollars in gas in the tank.. SCORE!!! Nope, the car was BONE dry and on E. I asked the manager for a refund and he slaps 10 dollars on the counter. I said "nope that will not do, I either want 25 dollars in gas or a 25 dollar refund". He then offered me a free oil change. Really?? Do you think I would bring my car back for an oil change after being ripped off for 25 dollars in non existent gas. I dont think so. He called the manager and after a few minutes came back saying "well, I dont know what you want me to do". HEY JACKASS, HOW ABOUT A REFUND??!! Nope, I know my techh put gas in your car. I handed him the keys and challenged him to drive up the road with me and back. Of course he would not take my challenge. Feeling defeated I politely left and told him that my business will be taken elsewhere next time.
1	I take it back, I had my transmission fluid changed there in December, I took my car to pep boys this week and guess what they recommended... I need my transmission fluid changed because its really dirty. Boooooooooooo Midas
5	I recently brought a relatives car here after we replaced the fuel pump and other things on the car and I have to say it was a great experience! I arrived at 7:30 when they opened and they had all of the work done within an hour and the managers were very friendly.
