3	Very slow.  There were 8 people working behind the counters and it seemed to be mass confusion.  The subs were good; however mine sat on the counter for several minutes while my husbands  was still being prepared.  We will wait a while to return while they work out the bugs!
5	This sandwich just opened up right around the corner from me a few weeks ago.  So the other day I decided to try it.  It was an awesome experience!!!  I love the atmosphere of the whole firehouse theme!!  When you walk in on your left there are turnout coats hanging up and on the tops of the tables there is a Dalmatian print.  Behind the register there is an American flag made with the names of the people who died on 9/11.  The items on the menu had clever names to like the hook and latter or the engineer.  The sandwich I had was a ham sandwich on a white roll.  Very good!!!  The customer service was also very good.  They were friendly and when they call your name when your food is ready they bring it to you.  Now that's customer service at its best!!  If you have a small child they give them one of those red party fire fighter helmets!!!  I would highly recommend this place!!!!
4	I have heard many positive things of Fire House subs so when I saw this location open up about a mile from my house I thought that I would try this new place . The price of a footlong sub is about $8 but for paying a little bit more than the other competitive sub places the quality of the subs with the meat bread and condiments are very high quality . The theme of the restaurant of course has fire house fire man and 911 items. This location has a large quantity of seating and the employees are very friendly and helpful . Plenty of parking just off Tatum Boulevard north of Greenway . I would recommend this place to friends and family. I will definitely come back and try the other subs that they offer
5	Yum! Firehouse subs are worth the calories!! They are yummy and the staff is very friendly too!
1	I had finn this please a couple times when I was driving down tatum boulevard. so I thought that I would give it a try. 25 min wait for a sandwich on a thursday night...and the food is average at best :(
2	First off, since it is new, it wasn't in google maps yet.  That made it difficult to find when I couldn't remember where I had seen it before.  When I finally happened upon it, I was a little confused as to how exactly you order your sandwich.  My wife wanted an Italian, so that was easy enough, but I wanted a roast beef with cheese, lettuce, pickle, mayo, mustard.  As I told this to the order taker, I was a little dumbfounded that she just hit one button and looked like she was waiting for me to finish talking.The cola machine was really nice, but there was only one, so it was a good 3-5 minute wait to pour a soft drink.  People just don't know how to use the touch screens efficiently yet.When our subs came up I found out that they just put everything on mine (including tomato and onion which I can't stand), but I headed home with them anyway.  Come to find out that not only did my sandwich come out different than expected, my wife's had Mayo on it (which was not on the list of ingredients, was supposed to have Italian Dressing, not Mayo).  This was a problem since my wife doesn't like mayo or mustard.I ordered the large sandwich, which was less substantial than a foot long at subway or sandwich from Jersey Mikes.  I was expecting it to be big enough to eat half now and the other later, but it was small enough to eat in one sitting.Overall, it was a nice place and a unique concept, but very sub-par execution.  Some of the bugs will work themselves out, but the other flaws are probably permanent, so for about the same price I would prefer Jersey Mikes, Potbelly, Jimmy-John's, Capriotti's, etc.  Heck, even Subway.
1	After further gastronomical results, dropping to 1 star.  Beware.
3	Hyped up for Firehouse for years...this location finally opened in my location, and.....meeehhhhhh...Service was friendly, but slow, considering how many folks they had behind the counter....luckily, I was able to catch my bus back home in time. I was recommended to get a Meatball sub...the bread and cheese presentation was beautiful and delicious...the quality of the meatball and the sauce, in my honest opinion, tasted ALMOST EXACTLY like Subway. I like Subway's meatball sandwich, but after years of eating it, I know I'm getting a tasty, but subpar meatball sauce combo...I expected more authentic out of this place. The other premium hot sandwiches on the menu looked decent enough, so I will give them a try again before I would give up on them.I really did like the hot sauce bar they had up front.....many, many different bottles and sample size containers (a la a Filiberto's type sauce container), so I took home 5 or 6 different types of sauces i've never tried to use on different stuff later and add to my Frankenstein bottle lol.So yeah...first impression didn't quite live up to the hype, but it did show potential.
5	I saw this pop up down the street, read the reviews, and headed there today. This is my new "go-to" spot for subs. Atmosphere  feels so upbeat and there were friendly sandwich makers eager to explain the options.  Lots of firehouse references and decor. The sandwich I had was "the Italian but I will try others. I mentioned I had been there to several friends today and they all have it a big thumbs up as well. So happy to have this shop in the neighborhood!
4	The subs are very good. The staff is friendly. The subs are a little slow to the table considering how much staff they have. I will be back.
5	This is 1 of the best sub franchises out there right now. I ordered  the hero, medium size and for just under nine bucks for the drink it's a really nice sized sandwich. The toasted bread is delicious and the flavor combinations on the sandwich are yummy. Coming back soon because I noticed corned beef and pastrami with melted provolone after I already ordered my sandwich, I have to come back and try that
5	Best sub in town. Can't even fathom going to Subway after it. Friendly staff
5	Very friendly staff, great food... I always have the smoke turkey breast, fully envolved. Never disapointed!
4	I've been curious to try this place for a while and I must say it was a very good toasted sub.  It's a little on the pricer end for a lunch spot but I will keep it in the rotation.
1	**Beware:  If you are one of the few people with a cheese allergy, DO NOT GO HERE**  They will put cheese on your sub whether you like it or not.  I do not give 1-star reviews often.  Below is the reason I think this place needs corporate management ASAP:I want to start by saying I have visited multiple Firehouse Subs locations, and I have always been impressed with the service and product received.  Since I love Firehouse Subs, I was excited when the Tatum location was opening up.  My husband and I went for lunch within the first couple of weeks of it opening, and it was an awful experience.  Firstly, the manager shouting out things at the employees very loudly).  Secondly, I received a wrong order TWICE due to my lactose intolerance issues (received with cheese and then mayo).  Thirdly, I being somewhat accused of trying to steal sandwiches by the person who put together the sandiwch, since I had to go to the counter to explain my very difficult(?) order to him. Since my husband had waited and waited to eat his sandwich because of my bad orders, the guy thought we had kept a sandwich.    Anyway, we just decided it was a new place that was super busy, so we would try again.  Today, I decided to go back.  It was not busy, but the most tables were taken.  I had a to-go order and specifically told the cashier that I did not want cheese or mayo on my order.  I asked him to put it in big, bold letters!   While waiting for my order, the manager (I think he's the manager) was once again talking to employees way too loud.  He was upset that they weren't greeting everyone when they walked in.  In my personal opinion, he should worry less about greeting every customer and more about QUALITY CONTROL.  I received my sandwich and left.  Later, when I got home, open the wrapper and there it is CHEESE, again.  Once is a mistake, twice is a habit.  Part of the larger issue, is how long a person who is lactose intolerant has to wait to get the other sandwich.  In my opinion, corporate should go there to adjust and fix things.  Although I will still support Firehouse Subs, I will not be going there too often, because that location is the closest to my house. Bottomline: I will not return to a place that is inconsiderate of sandwich changes & to hear a manager talk to his staff openly and loudly.
5	Awesome awesome subs. Wow already went there 3 times in 2 weeks tried 3 different subs.  All great
4	I like this brand not only for their food, as it is great, but I like the decor.  After 25 years in the Fire/EMS service, these locations bring back memories and fills the tummy with some great subs.
1	For what people say about this place, I just don't see it.  I tried it and will not be back.  Too expensive for what is offered.  The wait is way too long and it didn't taste that great.  I would pick subway every day over this place.
4	I had the turkey bacon ranch sub and it was really good! The wait wasn't long at all either. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted and one of the girls asked if I wanted a run down of the menu! They were all nice and helpful and I'll definitely pass the good word along!
2	Meh...just ok. Really nothing special here.
4	Man I like this place! I've tried a couple of their subs-all delicious but my favorite is the beef & cheddar brisket. When someone wants a sammich I'll definitely recommend Firehouse.
1	Any place that lets people bring their dog into a place where people eat obviously make poor decisions ..... Who knows what else goes on if it's ok to hold a dog over a counter where people are served their food
4	I was just introduced to Firehouse Subs and having been a fan of Potbellys and Subway, figured it would be essentially the same thing ..... WRONG.  I had their Turkey Verde sandwich and it was DELICIOUS.  For under 500 calories, I assumed I would still be hungry after and WRONG again.  I walked out completely stuffed.  Fresh ingredients, fast service, and helpful staff.  Next time someone wants to go to Subway or Potbelly's, I'll be taking them here instead :)
4	I've been to the Gilbert AZ location many times and have always been satisfied.  Never a complaint.  I placed a group order (9 sandwiches) this past week for an office birthday lunch.  A few of them were not prepared according to our order which was disappointing, but the store owner promptly contacted me and offered to make it right.  He was very hospitable and clearly understands customer service.  Everyone makes a mistake now and then but the way that it was handled was first class.  The sandwiches are great and they cater as well!  If you have a larger order, call it in ahead would be my advice and ask them to clearly identify the special instructions on each sandwich.
3	The combos aren't combos and the guy behind the counter looks like he's gonna cry.  D,:
2	Meh at best. This place is always pretty slow and now I know why. Over priced and not that good. Do yourself a favor and go to Jersey Mike's!
3	We were excited to see this new location when it first opened and decided to check them out. I'm a sucker for HOT SAUCES and they definitely have a large selection.Inside is a little crazy and the seating area is a bit tight. Just order at the counter and wait for your sandwich to arrive. TICK TOCK!Not sure how long it should take to make a sandwich. Actually I do know and twenty minutes seems longer than normal. How hard can it be?Ordered the New York Steamer with some Elvis Burning Love hot sauce on my first visit and then a Large Italian with a side of Mango Habanero sauce on my second.The sandwiches were good and pretty expensive. Even my wife thought it was a bit pricy and she is the queen of sandwiches.Service was mediocre and it took longer than we expected. Maybe it was just this location or I'm just not that crazy about their sandwiches. The best part was the selection of Hot Sauces for me.Give them a try and see what you think. I can make several sandwiches at home for the same price and everyone should know that Hot Sauce is my middle name. A-OK ALREADY!2.75 STARS
1	There's nothing else for me to say besides the food sucks
4	Firehouse Subs is as good as a chain sub shop can be for kids. It's not just the four Kids' Combos (meatball, turkey & provolone, ham & provolone, grilled cheddar cheese) priced at just $3.99. It's that they include a drink, dessert AND FIRE HAT!!! First ate at a Firehouse Subs several years ago while visiting Durham, North Carolina. I had never heard of Firehouse and loved the hot subs and the vast array of sauces they had on hand. Believe it or not, Firehouse was the first restaurant in which I ever had Sriracha sauce!So happy to see that Firehouse's rapid expansion has not undermined their appeal. The employees at this location are fast and friendly. Even gladly changed a television channel for us.
5	I love the Hero Sub here. I'm always greeted with a friendly smile and usually by not just one employee, usually every employee welcomes me into the restaurant. Being from the south this reminds me of a place back home that no other place around here rivals and the hospitality is up there as well. I'm a lifer. The brownies are delicious. they have baked potato chips so you can feel like you're being healthy. I'm not a huge fan of the copious amounts of flavors but they do have the coke fountain machines with every flavor of everything. ** found out by asking, that the medium hero has the most bang for your buck as far as meat servings go. Can't remember exactly how much but the medium hero is sufficient for an adult.
5	first time ordering from this place we had seen a lot of adds for them on tv  we decided to order online very easy to use finished 3 sandwich orders in minutes. went to the store to pick up order I was greeted as soon as I walked in told them I ordered online they said no prob your food is ready and brought it out to me. we opened the sandwiches they looked great, smelled great I had the sweet and spicy meetball it didn't taste anything like subway (don't know what that guy is talking about) it was great the meatballs were moist and flavorful and the sauce was spicy but not super hot spicy just a little bite my guys got the steak sub they said they were great too will be eating there again its a bit of a drive we can do that once a week thxs for the great food
3	Good place good sandwiches and food but it always seems like the staff just doesn't care about the customer and always dragging. It's not going to keep me from eating at firehouse subs but I prefer other locations far more than this one. The girl at the counter just took my money and walked away. Stood there with my punch card for a min, to get my punch and some else finally said something to me as the others just chit chatted behind the sandwich bar.  Sorry if sandwiches and service is too ruff!
