4	I won some gift certificates at a charity raffle and we decided to drive up to Carefree to use them.  It took us 2 trips to use up the certificates, but it was worth the drive.  We were pleasantly surprised to find a decent restaurant.  Here's what we ordered:Pepperoni Pizza, $11.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=NfkLJLBvXIQqkSRjZm9wGQ#NfkLJLBvXIQqkSRjZm9wGQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=51P1e4tJIYqOj62OjhKvLw#51P1e4tJIYqOj62OjhKvLwBacon Cheeseburger w/Onion Rings, $10.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=DC7Ncjq3tKaY3tg_A5HWEQ#DC7Ncjq3tKaY3tg_A5HWEQAtlantic Salmon, $23.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=3OhmfCinBjkg87QvUggKmg#3OhmfCinBjkg87QvUggKmgCaprese Salad, $8.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=KaYRbB2m8lECDeoImXHO1A#KaYRbB2m8lECDeoImXHO1ARoast Beef Sandwich w/Sweet Potato Fries, $9.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lariat-grill-carefree?select=DdD7DaEOCZpEUfvNkSiO3Q#DdD7DaEOCZpEUfvNkSiO3QThe Pizza was very good....I definitely did not expect to find decent Pizza in this place.  The Bacon Cheeseburger was so/so, but the Onion Rings were delish....crispy and full of flavor.  The Better Half had the Atlantic Salmon and she enjoyed it.  I'm a huge fan of Caprese Salad, and they do it very well here.  The Roast Beef Sandwich was very good as well.The service during both visits was very good.  Overall, a good experience.  I just wish it was closer to the city.Return Factor - 75%
5	LOBSTERLICIOUS!!!!!  The hubby and I decided to create a night of indulgence and decadence on a Tuesday night.  We had been so busy the previous month that we hadn't celebrated either birthday OR a milestone anniversary.  We figured the Grille would probably pass with a C or C+, considering we hadn't heard much about their dinner menu.  And we were wrong.  VERY wrong - happily wrong.  The filet was melt in your mouth tender, the lobster was perfectly cooked, quivering on that tail.   Our waitress was informative, happy, and graciously kind.  We discovered on a subsequent trip about their seafood buffet on the 1st of every month, which may exceed the Thursday night Burger Night, which includes a juicy cheeseburger, side, AND a GLASS OF WINE OR BEER!!!  FOR TEN BUCKS!!  What a DEAL!!  Strongly suggest you get reservations.
2	We were looking forward to a nice quiet dinner with friends.  Well it was very quiet.  We arrived at 6:15 PM on a Wednesday the place was empty and it was pretty empty when we left at 8:40 too.  There was a bit of a communication issue with the waiter when we were ordering drinks but that got resolved fairly quickly.  Once we did get our drinks the waiter asked if we would like to order.  We told him we need a bit to relax, and go over the menu.  That was the last we saw him until one member in our party got up to find someone to help us.  Two managers were over in the corner the whole time talking up a storm but not giving the dinning room any attention.  Once our waiter was summoned we did place our order.  We all had starters which were good.  The tuna tartar, calamari and soup was a nice start.  The service was slow and getting the food out was exceptionally slow.  Our friends' soup came out way before our tuna tartar and calamari.  Our dinner took uber long too.  Although the portion size was nice my husband and I could not eat the trout.  It was hard and over cooked.  Again, we didn't see our waiter and getting someone over to our table wasn't happening.  It also seems that the server we had was the only one on for the night.  The two managers certainly weren't managing either. The dinning room is comfortable and surroundings are nice but it certainly didn't make up for the very poor service and mediocre food.  We were very disappointed.
1	I will never drink or eat here! Between waiting at the bar over five minutes to be waited on, to having the manager serve us, to not bring acknowledged the entire time we sat there with empty drinks. No one bothered checking on us, refilling our drinks, etc. Worst service! Tempted to check out!
4	DH and I stayed at Carefree Resort and Conference multiple times during our house-hunting expeditions, but think we ate at The Lariat only once, early on, before we discovered Carefree Station and it became our "go-to" restaurant.  Well, with CS a sad memory, we are conducting try-outs for another local place---somewhere we can get a delicious meal in nice surroundings at reasonable prices minutes from our home.  Arrived about 7 pm Saturday night and the large dining room was bustling, but a pleasant  hostess seated us within minutes at  by the french doors.  We were immediately supplied with a wine list and menus, but the hostess asked if we knew about the Saturday night prime rib special.  Prime rib---yum!  For $16.95, we got a 6 oz piece of meat, our choice of baked or mashed potatoes, and a veggie choice---asparagus, broccolini, or seasonal veggies.  Checking out the menu, funnily enough with it's cowboy name and western ambiance---The Lariat menu is heavy on fish!  Most of the appetizers and a large number of entrees features our finned friends.  Our server, when he promptly arrived, told us that they have a seafood buffet the first Friday of every month that is huge and fabulous!I wish I could tell you all the dishes on the menu, but I didn't think to grab a photo and the menus on any website are way out of date and no page on the Carefree Resort site.  But they looked delish.  I was torn between the flounder or the halibut and DH was really thinking about a pasta dish that made him salivate.  In the end, we chose to go with the prime rib special.Started with a field greens salad---not included in the special---choosing to share.  Happily, it arrived on separate plates---very generous and served with a white balsamic vinaigrette that was WAY too tangy for me, though DH loved it.  I requested something more mellow and our server brought me some ranch.  Obviously, all the dressings are house-made---the ranch also had more tang than say---Hidden Valley and was thinner, but it was very tasty and more appealing to me.  Greens and veggies were all very fresh.  We received a basket of bread---seeded rolls and wheat rolls.  DH liked the seeded rolls so much he requested another and they gladly brought a basketful.  I thought the bread was good but a tad chewy---I suspect maybe it got a zap in a microwave to warm it up.DH ordered a glass of Millbrandt cab and I had a glass of Coppola Pinot Noir---we enjoyed both. Our meals arrived.  DH had went medium rare with seasonal veggies and a loaded baked potato and I went rare and mashed with broccolini.  Both pieces of meat were served perfectly to our request.  Veggie servings were generous---we aren't talking about six daintily arranged pieces---we are talking about a mound, sauteed perfectly so they were tender and crisp and still green color.  DH's seasonal veggies was a half-bushel of zucchini and yellow squash chunks, again sauteed to the point of tender-crisp. Mashed potatoes good but ordinary.  DH's potato was piled with cheese and bacon and green onions and butter and sour cream and he was happy, but I thought it could have been warmer.  He was happy though.  Of course, we got little cups of au jus, which was tasty, but not over-salty, as it can be. I requested and was immediately brought a portion of creamy horseradish sauce.  Yum!Well, the meat was excellent.  A touch of fat for flavor, seasoned with a lovely salty-peppery rub, cooked to order, as I mentioned earlier, and DH, who is more filet mignon than prime rib, commented it didn't have the "game-y" taste he often associates with prime rib.  (I refrained from telling him that's called "flavor", unlike those over-priced blobs of tasteless meat he usually orders!)  DH cleaned his plate---except for a couple of morsels he put aside for the four-legged Queen.  I just could not eat it all despite my best efforts. I ended up bringing a whole 'nother meal home with me.  Disappointing---not having another delicious lunch planned for Sunday---but because I would like to have tried their desserts, which I understand are very good.  Instead, I settled for a cup of coffee to finish my meal.  And I have to say---whoo-doggie!  I don't know if they have a proprietary blend or what, but that was some cup of coffee.  I definitely had to cream it up.  DH said it reminded him of the coffee in Italy.  It was really good!  If they sold it in the resort lobby, I'd buy some!Ambiance was very nice---casually elegant.  You can tell restaurant was constructed in the 60's---it has that sense---but nicely updated.  Service was excellent.  Thank you, Sean!We'll absolutely be back to try the seafood buffet and the rest of the menu.  The Lariat is definitely a contender to be our Cave Creek-Carefree "go-to".
2	Okay, so last Friday we decided to try out the Famous Seafood Buffet the Lariat Grill at Carefree Resort and Conference Center puts on the first Friday of every month.Well.  Stick with the Saturday night prime rib special.Seriously, what a disappointment.  First off, cold.  The dining room was cold, the food was cold, and the food that was supposed to be cold, like the peeled shrimp and crab legs were literally icy.  It was cute how they had the soups sitting on these little stacks of brick with a burner hidden inside, but the heat wasn't getting to the soup.  The Caprese salad was good.DH doesn't do seafood, so he ordered a filet mignon, medium rare.  It arrived so well done the meat was a dark taupe.  And it and the baked potato were...cold.  Yeah, he sent it back but in the meantime, I am dutifully eating (but not enjoying) the seafood buffet because that cost $33.  DH's filet was $36.  The server did say DH could go hit the buffet for anything he wanted while they re-fired the filet, but the reason he didn't order the buffet in the first place was because he doesn't like seafood!  It took (I timed it) almost 17 minutes to get the re-fired filet back out.  By that time, I had moved on to the desserts.  They were okay, tasted better then the fish, but they were all commercially prepared.  And all heavy, dense chocolate.  I would say the little mousse cakes (sort of like those Philly cheesecake/Nilla wafer things) were the best.  A lighter dessert option would have been nice.We would never, ever go back for the seafood buffet.  And frankly, was this our first experience with The Lariat, probably never go back at all!  But that prime rib we had a couple of Saturday nights ago was really good.  So we'll try the Saturday night special again and see if the quality is maintained.  Was it's goodness that night an anomaly---or was the horridness of our experience this past Friday?  Enquiring minds want to know....
2	We went there twice last week and had 2 different experiences as a hotel guest in the Carefree resort.  Monday night dinner. Fine, better than fine. Good service, good food and it was quiet, not many patrons so we were well taken care of.....no complaints.Thursday morning breakfast. Terrible. They were expecting a large group to come in but we were ahead of the group by 5 minutes and the first guests in. No-one brought us any water (until after we finished breakfast) despite being the only people in the restaurant for 5 whole minutes.The menu was cancelled and we had a buffet due to the large group I presume. This would be okay but the buffet was really poor. It felt like the food was made hours ago and reheated. Fruit wasn't particularly fresh.The tip was included on the check. We cant figure out for what as we received no water, we got our own food and yet they included a service charge of TWENTY PERCENT, not 15, but 20. That took some cheek.  We didnt contest it , too much effort. We'd rather just report it here and hope someone reads it and decides against going. That was a truly awful breakfast.I tend to leave very positive reviews when I make the effort to actually do this but this was a really big letdown. I couldn't recommend this place to anyone.
3	I've lived in the far north valley for several years now and never knew this place existed, let alone existing in a resort that I've never heard of. With the exception of dessert, the food was good.  My scallops were prepared perfectly and while my lobster bisque was somewhat underseasoned, it was tasty as well.  My vanilla/strawberry cake was dry, nearly flavorless and the icing was terrible.  Despite having a decent meal, I don't think I'll return and here's why:  Remember the ballroom scene in The Shining when Jack walks in and it's completely empty? That's how this restaurant felt.  We were the only people in there and although the restaurant was pretty inside, it faces the pool/room area which is nice enough but lacking considering it's down the street from The Boulders.  It was honestly kind of depressing.
3	We were in town for a family event and were staying at the hotel. With not many restaurants near by we decided to eat at the hotel. The place was empty and we walked right in. We were greeted after a few minutes. I was a little surprised that the entrees were so expensive. We decided to get a soup, salad and the antipasti plate. First off the soup ( French onion) was the highlight of the meal, delicious! The greens salad was good but not anything great. However the antipasti plate was a real let down.  The cheese seemed like it had been sitting out and the meat was noting special just some chopped up ham and salami. When I asked for some bread, the waiter told me that because it was slow he didn't know if any with available And it wasn't. The veggies were ok but didn't save the plate. I love a great cheese and meat plate and I was just so disappointed. On the up side because I didn't finish it I had room for dessert. The flourless chocolate cake was very good. I added two scoops of chocolate gelato to make the perfect desert. I really wish this place would have had a little more for me it would have been a great dinner instead of an average one.
