5	What can I say...I had an amazing massage!  I have my adjustments with Dr. Infantino and then head in for a massage.  Does it get any better than that?  It is a great facility and the staff is more than friendly and accommodating.
4	They have the touch! My friend turned me onto this place that just opened not too long ago and I must say I will be going back!It's hard to find someone who is strong enough to give you a deep muscle massage but gentle enough not to make you feel more tired than when you went in.
5	I found this place through Groupon and made an appointment with Carlos. It was a great massage, very relaxing, but at the same time, had enough pressure to get all of my many knots out!Not a resident of AZ, but will certainly be back to this place when I'm in town visiting family.Thanks Carlos at Healing Touch Body Works for an excellent massage!
5	stephanie is outstanding and I highly recommend her!!! Can't wait to make my next appointment :)
5	Found Healing Touch Body Works through the Groupon Now! site and booked a massage for the same day. When I arrived my therapist was late so the amazing lady at the front desk booked me for another massage (in addition to the shortened one) for two days later for free! Fantastic customer service - she was so sweet. Both massages were great, but Carlos was really the stand-out. He was the best massage therapist I have ever had. He really listened to what I had to say and focused on exactly the ares that were troubling me. Overall I had a great experience and would be back regularly if I lived in the Phoenix area.
4	A great little find. I used the Yelp deal and while the deal seemed to be a new venture for them and there was a little confusion as to how to process the deal, but it all got worked out with wonderful patience and great customer service on the part of the front desk team. Stephanie was my masseuse and she was attentive and applied just the right amount of pressure. I know this is a  little quirk of mine, but I hate being chatted up during a massage so I really appreciate that this place has a section on your paperwork where you can state your preference for conversation during the session. I was pleased that Stephanie honored it and let me enjoy my massage, focus on relaxation breathing, etc.  The business is run more like a doctor's office than a spa, which I think many will appreciate. A few days after my massage, my chiropractor told me my back felt the best it ever had in my 2 months of treatments with her. I look forward to going back to Healing Touch.
5	Started going to HTBW through a groupon deal. It was only $39 for an hour and half massage! When I called to book my appt they offered me the the next half hour for $15 more. I helped their booking out and recevied a TWO hour massage for only $54! The gal that did my massage was AMAZING. In short, I walked out of there feeling like I was intoxicated because I was sooooo relaxed! The receptionist shared with me some promotion deals they were running as I was leaving, but I was too relaxed to commit to anything. They didnt pressure me to buy another massage or book my next appointment and because of that, I returned. They are constantly running great promotions...the price is right...there's no pressure and the massages are amazing!!
1	Be warned; you can't book anything earlier than 2 months in advance!I called today to schedule a massage and was told that the soonest they could schedule something was early March.  Who schedules massages that far in advance?!
5	Just had the most incredible massage ever from Carlos! I have had 7 massages by 7 different people and he is hands down the best!! He knows what he is doing, he's attentive & intuitive. He just gets it. Plus he explained to me why I was having pain and soreness, and gave me tips on how to prevent it. I loved that! That's what I am looking for. I can't say enough good things. Very nice place with friendly staff. I felt amazing after wards... like I was floating. I will definitely be back.
1	I wish I could actually give some feedback on a massage here, but after buying a Groupon and trying several times to contact the spa, I never received a call back or email reply.  I get that rapid increase in business is not always the easiest to manage, but there was plenty of lead time and I provided several ways to contact me back.  This place will never get their hands on me or my money and I hope this review is lesson to the company and warning to potential customers.
1	Bought a Groupon, and the earliest afternoon appointment (some of us have daytime jobs) is 4 months away.... Wish I could get my money back.
4	This is my 4th time coming to Healing Touch. My previous times I had decent, pleasant massages but today I had a 5 star one!My therapist was Ginger. I immediately liked her vibe. I have to mesh well with a therapist or I can't completely relax.I like how Healing Touch has a little card to fill out to indicate your problem areas, goals of massage, and your preferred talking level. I prefer silence so I really appreciate this little added touch.Ginger reviewed my card with me and reiterated my problem areas. The massage was great. She listened to my preferences exactly. I loved her techniques. She did some stretches on me that felt incredible. She did mostly light pressure but did some deep tissue work on my shoulders as I requested. Boy did that hurt so good! She really seems to be in tune with her clients. Her demeanor is pleasant and positive which is extremely important to me.The front desk staff is great. Helpful and nice. The environment is clean, warm, and inviting.There is also often Groupons and the facility itself runs some good deals.So why 4 stars and not 5? Similar reasons to the people who gave bad reviews. I understand their frustration. Their hours and availability are bad. I got really lucky when I called to see if there are any openings. The only reason I was able to get in is because I had the day off. They used to be open until 7 and on Saturdays. But they changed their hours at the beginning of the year and are now only open 4 weekdays until 6. Which is great for stay at home wives or someone that works odd hours. But for the average 9-5 person like myself, we would never be able to get in for one of their great massages. I hope they take this to heart. Those 1 star reviews are killing their overall rating which I don't think they deserve. Based on quality they should get 5 stars.It is a great place with great therapists. I would be there consistently if they had better hours...
3	Massage was good - but took much too long to book an appointment .....at least a few months and I can't even count how many voicemails/calls to get it scheduled.  So while for me - it was good - it was just too much of a challenge to schedule and I probably won't return.  Suggestion:  Please get some front office help so it's not so frustrating for customers.Thanks!
1	Bought groupon for 60 min and only received a 40 min massage.  The massage itself was a 3 out of 5.
2	The front room is lovely. However, the massage rooms are cramped and awkward and the one I was in had a large Xray lightbox. My massage therapist was consistently running into things and having to squeeze around the table.Stephanie was my therapist and did a serviceable job, but I had a migraine and I specifically requested on my intake form for very minimal talking.She talked the entire time, even when she got a notable lack of response, she kept talking. I left with a bigger headache than I went in. Very disappointing.
1	Can't even get anyone on the phone. Left two messages - still no call back. Guess I'll be spending my money elsewhere!
4	I enjoyed the massage! My masseuse was quite but she was good. They also offered me second massage for the groupon price :) Bingo! Definetely recommend this place and will visit again.
1	Awful. The therapist asked what I liked/didn't like. I told her I was just there for a quiet hour and a half, please no talking. Let me just relax. She talked the entire time. I asked to please not touch my legs, it makes me feel uncomfortable. She replied "that's silly, you shouldn't feel that way. I'm a professional." - - I said "I don't think it's silly, and don't tell me how I should feel. Please, don't need to massage my legs."She immediately moved the sheet and started on my legs! Agghhghgh! At least three times she just stopped massaging... seemingly fell asleep? She also railed on my neck/shoulders for about 15 min. I finally said "ok, we're good. No more neck and shoulders, please."Never going back. Glad I got the Groupon rate. Didn't waste too much money. Can't recommend this place at all. Awful.
