3	not a bad place to stay. the staff is fairly helpful, but doesn't seem to like their jobs too much. i was greeted with an audible sigh upon check-in like i just interupted a thrilling game of solitaire. the room was clean and comfortable, but this IS by the airport, so bring some earplugs. the "high speed internet" they advertise and offer is nothing but wireless dial-up at best. but...the price is right, and there is a cool bar/lounge next door.2/29/08 - I left some dress shirts in my room upon checkout, and when I got back to California, I called them, and they sent them out UPS at no charge!
4	Once again, make sure you book online under internet rates or the promotional rates, as you can save up to 20 bucks a night this way. Easy check-in and the entire place is smoke-free which is great. Most rooms have their own balconies and the AC and internet work great at this place. They only serve free coffee and banannas from 3-7am, which is unusual, but I found the mini-coffee maker in the rooms very handy for coffee and tea. In this case, there is no dirty carafe to deal with, so that makes it cleaner in my mind - cup goes under, water and coffee slides right in, so it's a good arrangement. Also nice touch is the endless shampoo dispenser and two queen bed rooms all come with mini-fridge, so i thought this place was nice to stay in for  afew days.
4	One of the reasons I tried this hotel is that the airport shuttle I use from the Verde Valley has dropped several people off here every time I've used the shuttle. So I thought I'd try it. Had I written this in the first 10 minutes I was on the property, this would have been 1 star. The front desk clerk left me standing at the front desk during check in for five minute...twice...to answer the phone in another room. I HATE that ~ it's one of my customer service pet peeves. She didn't smile, or apologize, or even make eye contact with me during the entire, long check-in process. The room was wonderful and deserves 5 stars ~ the bed was comfy, the room offered a "clean remote" with the flat-screen TV. I had a first floor room and there was no noise from the parking lot, the upper floors or even the planes from the airport. I loved that unlike other hotels that don't start breakfast till 6:00 when I often need to be at the airport before that, they had a great selection of coffees, teas, fruit, cookies and crackers available beginning at 3am!! The shuttle was ontime, and the room was competitively priced. I will definately stay here again.
2	So not worth it.  Front desk staff had an attitude.  Did not care we were part of the Best Western membership award program (not right tier I guess!). The room was so so and the staff did not make me want to feel better about it.I will give a bit of a shout out to the restaurant that is adjoining but not affiliated.  Nice staff and decent food,  (Sam in the bar is great).
4	Last week we had a flight from Heathrow to Phoenix with a flight to Reno, well we did not make the Reno flight so we needed a place to stay until the next available flight.Checking the board at the airport of hotels we choose this one. We called made a reservation and they sent the shuttle to come and get us, it arrived with in ten minutes. The Paris shuttle could learn a thing or two from this place. The driver was friendly and drove in a safe manner.When we arrived we were greeted nicely and checked in quickly.The room was down the hall on the ground floor, the hall seemed a bit dingy so was surprised when we entered the room to find a nice large clean well appointed space. The beds were very soft almost bouncy. The shower flowed well with nice hot water. I could not get on to the wifi so that forced me to do what I should have been doing in the first place, sleep. We had requested a wake up call and a space on the shuttle for the next morning. Well we had awaken early and got ready to leave an hour before our planned departure. Lets just say the night time desk crew is a bit cheerier than the morning. Although the shuttle driver was nice. We got to the airport easily.The area this Best Western is located is not really where I would choose if it were an extended stay in Phoenix, but for the purpose we needed it did us well.
4	Had to stay here due to late arrival due to LAX shooting.  We arrived in Phoenix around 7pm and didn't want to drive to Sedona till following day.  Was eating dinner nearby and searching for a hotel with my phone.  This hotel came up and was a good price.  We only needed to sleep here so it was ok.  This was the second BW we stayed at that didn't have breakfast included.The restaurant is not affiliated with hotel, didn't try restaurant.There are 2 computers to use free of charge in lobby with a printer.  Didn't get to try the pool.Also stayed here the night before our flight back home.  This hotel is a short drive back to rental car at airport so thats why we chose this hotel.  They also offer free airport shuttle if needed.Had free wifi which was nice.Book online to get best rate.
3	Clean comfortable, only downfall was the noise from the airplanes flying over and rattling the room. Love that they allowed my dog :-)
4	This very nice hotel for the money...love the balcony staff was extra friendly and room was neat and clean definitely would stay again!
1	Wow, what a horrible experience. So bad that I had to cancel my reservation for my stay on the way back.I stayed here with my two children for one night in March. We got in kind of late and checked in around 9:30 pm. Check-in was fine. We let the clerk know we needed a ride to the airport in the morning and it turns out that you can leave your car there if you're planning to stay on your return trip and the stay is 14 days or less (I asked after a friend informed me you can do this--beats paying for airport parking!). We were flying to Hawaii and would be gone for 10 days, so this was a good deal.Our room was on the ground floor and was not nicer than a Motel 6 as far as I remember Motel 6s being from when I was a kid. It was hot and humid in the hotel so I turned on the AC. That clanky piece of crap managed to wake me up every single time it went on during the night. A HORRIBLE night of sleep.To make matters worse, there were a bunch of college-aged drunk kids staying in the hotel who showed up around 10:30 pm. They hung out right outside of my door and were up and down the stairs laughing and being obnoxious until 1 am. I typically am not shy about sticking my head out the door and telling people to be quiet, but since I was alone with my kids, I didn't think it was the best idea. I called the front desk around 11 pm and they said their driver (who doubles as security) would drive back there when he returned from the airport, in about 20 minutes. It was not 20 minutes, that's for sure. Considering we had to be up at 5 am, waiting ANY amount of time was infuriating. They should have had someone on the premises who can act in the capacity of a security guard or something. I heard the van drive by around 1 am and that's when the inconsiderate a-holes finally went up to their rooms.In the morning (at 5 am) I couldn't help myself and as we were heading to the front desk to catch the shuttle, I knocked loudly on one of the doors of the worst offenders and called them jerks. Passive aggressive, I know, but whatever. In the lobby, while waiting for the shuttle, I heard other guests complaining about the loud jerks, too.The shuttle ride was fine; the driver was a nice guy. There was no way in hell, though, I'd be staying there on our way back. I was worried about my car the entire time we were gone and I didn't cancel my reservation until the day we were supposed to leave HI and stay there again. We got into PHX around 10:30 at night and we waited for the shuttle with about 5 other guests who were staying there. Shuttle after shuttle came for other hotels and ours didn't show up until 11:20 pm. I didn't want to draw too much attention to us since we weren't planning to stay so I didn't complain much. When we got to the hotel, I tipped the guy well and we booked it to the back of the hotel to my car. Thankfully, my car was fine and we made the 10-15 minute drive to a much nicer place--the Hilton Garden Inn. That place cost about $80 more and the AC was still not very quiet, but the hotel was quiet and I turned off the AC and surprisingly wasn't hot. Anyway, that's another review.I will NEVER stay here again. Ever.
4	Conveniently placed close to the airport, rental car service also close by with big rooms that are clean and come with basic needs.I came in with my mother to the lobby where our room had already been reserved, showed proof and was given our two room keys and directions to our room. We took our car around back and was able to park right in front of our hotel room. The basic room was spacious, with two Queen sized beds, bathroom/shower, TV, refrigerator, of course AC and wi-fi. We loved our room, it had every thing we needed except for a good coffee maker and microwave. The coffee maker was more of a water boiler and the microwave was available in a small cabinet in the lobby, which looked to be dated from the 80s. There is a pool and hot tub available, which was nice and the area we stayed in right near the pool, downstairs was pretty quiet for the weekend. They did a great job in cleaning up the room, though I wished they provided soap, shampoo that weren't dispensed from their shower and without having to ask at the front desk. Also there is no free breakfast, but provide room service dining from their restaurant out front.The only cons are the lack of microwaves in room, safe didn't work, inefficient coffee maker, noisy AC that rattles while it's on and has a touchy thermostat. Also, check your doors when you do leave your room as I noticed after double checking even without a key card opening the room was indeed possible. Other than that Best Western Airport Inn did a great job of keeping the place clean and providing a comfortable stay here for us in Arizona.
4	This is a very clean, nice hotel! Designated smoking areas. No issues being SO close to the airport. Easy check-in! Good water pressure in the shower....what more could you want! Had to take a star for the 9 a.m. wake up calli didn't order!
5	Hotel was extremely accommodating and the staff was very helpful. The airline lost our tickets after wed checked out and the next flight wasn't for 8 hours. Not only did they send a shuttle to pick us up bit they also let us check back into our room.
5	Hotel was absolutely accommodating. We had a mix up in travel plans and the hotel went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. Beautiful pool, clean rooms and the Roadhouse restaurant attached is a nice bonus. Completely happy with my stay here!
5	Great place for travelers to stay. It's very close to airport and the hotel is clean and smells good. It's a little noise, since it's very close to highway I-10, but you can ask the room on other side of the plaza. So it's much quiet. The restaurant in the hotel looks really nice and food are great too.
5	We ended up at the Best Western after our flight got cancelled, very nice hotel just to spend the night. The rooms were nice, but no continental  breakfast, but the attached restaurant does have a full menu.  The front desk clerks are very nice and helpful. The vending machine is on the bottom floor. It is close to the airport and they do have shuttles that run every 15 min. Which is very nice if we ever get canceled will definitely  stay again
