5	Awesome service. Friendly, knowledgable staff. Always someone ready to help. Make an online appt. for even quicker repair or troubleshooting.
5	Customer service is top notch . I had a problem with my iPhone and employee Jeremy was very helpful . He went out of his way to fix the problem and sought advice from other employees who were just as polite and professional Thanks apple  for great employees.
3	Okay, some Apple products (::cough:: iPad ::cough::) are a special kind of tacky, but anyone who's used OSX for a while knows that Apple makes a mean computer.  So, when my old Powerbook (now no longer with us, unfortunately, and now I'm a Linux user,) lost its screen because of an unfortunate tripping-over-the-screen-like-an-idiot accident, I had to call these folks.Now, for some context, back then I lived in Greensburg, which is a bit of a haul from Shadyside.  This becomes important.I call them up to ask about what the price might be to replace the screen.  Pretty common question, and it's pretty obvious that the screen needs to be replaced.  I used to build computers, so I have some idea of what's going on.  What do they tell me over the phone?"You need to bring it in and have our 'Geniuses' look at it before we can price anything.""...but... I need a new screen.  I know I need a new screen.  Give me an idea of what it costs.""No, you need to bring it in."Really, Apple store? That's not customer service, that's just idiotic.  I understand that you deal with a bunch of people who know nothing about their products and have their lawyers on speed dial, but please, be willing to work with me.Anyway, I make the haul from Greensburg to Shadyside, broken laptop in tow.  Take the laptop in, and go to the "Genius bar." (y'know, why don't we just call it "support desk" instead? Come on.)  Wait for a while, and then a while more, and then the Apple Store saved itself.I don't want to get anyone in trouble, but the fellah who helped me out proved that even Apple's monstrous support department can have a soul.  He looked at the computer, and told me "Do not get this fixed here.  It will cost you $1200.  You can get it done for $500 at this website that isn't affiliated with Apple."So, after some tribulation, the Apple Store ended up being a pleasant experience.  That guy saved me $700! And he really could have just towed the party line and let Apple ream me.  That was pretty cool.Still, only three stars.  If I tell you I know what's wrong over the phone, believe me.
5	The employees at the Genius Bar were extremely friendly and helpful. I spilled something on my laptop less than a month after I purchased it and they felt really bad.They didn't charge me the $755 that it was supposed to cost as a one time exception!
5	I must say you never know what kind of service you'll receive when you walk in a retail store.  What's fantastic about this store (and I hope other Apple stores) is that the costumer service is fantastic!It goes just beyond ringing you up for your fancy new Apple product.  It's actually taking the time to talk to you and see what you need or what product would work best for you.  They don't work on commission and that takes a lot of pressure off them.  The sales people actually seem like the ENJOY their job!  How novel!  It's rare to find that in a retail store.And even though this place is always packed to the gills you're never left standing there for even 1 minute without someone asking you if you need help.  They're always well staffed and eager to help you out.  Again, it's just very rare these days to have such great costumer service, Good company, good product, good costumer service...it just trickles down.I'm an Apple convert fo sho!
2	I was expecting better service than I received here. They have a lot of employees in the store and they try hard, but I fell through the cracks.  I showed up for an appointment, but had to wait 30 minutes. What they told me would take 15 minutes ended up 90 minutes... I think my iPhone was ready, but I suppose he forgot to get back to me. You can download a store app, but it was useless for me...I advanced in in the queue, then fell behind again. The service is very uneven. I do like the displays, you can try a lot of new devices here, but wish they would improve on service.
4	Always super helpful staff that go out of their way to try and help.  The geniuses really can be geniuses in that they know the warranty policies fairly well and will try to get everything free for you under any warranty or product malfunction.  Besides the service... love my Apple products.
5	I am what some might refer to as a "mental midget." I can see you nodding already, but I'm going to explain anyway. I lost the power cord for my MacBook. Since I can't even wipe my ass without said MacBook, it was an itchy, irritating problem. This Apple Store was the wonderfully quick solution. I walked in. Some guy asked me what I needed, found it for me, sold it to me, and sent me on my way. Two minutes, tops. And my receipt was e-mailed to me as I was walking out the door.I found the power cord for my MacBook.So now I had two, and I was out $80. I figured I'd drop by the Apple Store to see if I could return the extra. I walked in. Some guy asked me what I needed, took my e-mail address and the extra charger, and sent me on my way. One minute, tops. And my refund for the full price was e-mailed to me as I was walking out the door. Now that I think about it, I essentially borrowed a power cord from the Shadyside Apple Store for a couple days, at no charge. If I had friends, I would want them to be this reliable, friendly, and easy to deal with.
5	Came in with a Mophie case for my iPhone that had stopped working. Walked in and the check-in guy had no idea what I was talking about. And as I was about to get turned away, a genius came right up to the front and said he could take care of me. He grabbed another Mophie off the shelf (in a new color, woo), tested it, and even gave me the extra cord just in case I needed it. While we were troubleshooting, we had a conversation about how he's from NY and only here taking care of a family member. When I asked which Apple store he worked at back home (hey, it would be nice to have a connection there!) he laughed and said there is no way he would ever do such a thing. Well, I tried at least. And I got my Mophie fixed in under 10 minutes, so that's a win.
5	after hearing so many horror stories about how long people had to wait for the "blue shirts" to give them service at apple stores i was not looking forward to having to go to one. but i had a fantastic experience. i was taken care of as soon as i walked in, my problem was assessed, and sure i had to wait maybe a total of ten minutes, if that, for an apple genius to help me with my specific problem, but i didn't mind with all the toys around the store to play with!let me tell you more about my specific adventure: i went in, with a busted ipod, not knowing if they'd sell me a new battery or if i'd have to pay hundreds for a new device. turns out, they have this system now where you turn in your old device and they replace it with the same model for the cost of the part. so in my case, i got a brand new ipod classic (which had even more GB than mine since they make them differently now) for the price of a new battery. (brand spankin new ipod for $63??? i'll take it!!!) and i have to mention the genius member i spoke to, john l., who was super friendly and helpful. unfortunately i can't remember the names of the first two gentlemen i spoke to, but they were both also excellent employees.
4	Outside of the great products, the associates are incredibly well informed and helpful.
5	Thank you, Joe, for fixing my MacAir today!  Ahhh I'm so happy.This store is always slammed; must say something about it! :)
5	perfect customer service, the consultant has lots patient to help restore and backup my laptops and iPhone.thanks apple store shady side that gave me a perfect customer service experience. thank you!!!
3	I definitely enjoy the way out of the store it's so clean and white and everything is so organized beautifully. You don't have to struggle when you walk around to try to figure out what you're looking at or what it does. There's lots of Apple mates which is what I like to call them, standing around to help you figure out how to work this and how to work that and the store was full of them. I was here to pick up the latest update from my computer the snow leopard. It was really easy, all I had to do was just tell them my name and show them my confirmation number and they immediately brought out the disc for me and I was on my way. The only downside to the store is it's typically too busy so when I first got there I kind of stood around for like a good five minutes waiting for somebody to come and ask me if I needed any help. Unfortunately I had to track somebody down myself because all the employees look like they weren't even interested in talking to me. Other than that I'd say the Apple Store does a pretty good job
5	Have been there twice in the previous month already - to pick up 2 macbook airs !! (i returned the first one and ordered a new one). Extremely well located and easy to find. Good friendly staff, as you would expect at an apple store. I had some trouble with ordering, returning and re-ordering spanning purchases made online and in the store.The staff was patient and helpful with me. Thanks guys!!
1	I will never go back to this place. They are plain liers. I went there to see if they had a gold att phone and was told they had none. I went inside for a demo and asked around and one person told me that they had very limited supplies of the one I asked for at present and that I should go outside and get in the queue. I did that but the person outside told me that they had none. I pointed him to the person that told me they had stock and then suddenly he reverted back on what he had said before and told me they had none. After about 30 mins one of my friends had gone there and bought the same att gold iPhone. I just can't believe they sell for a select few. I am never going back again.
5	You know, I am going to admit something: I destroy everything I touch. I bought my macbook 5 years ago, and since then I have been to the Apple Store on Walnut more times than I can count (seriously, I've been at least a dozen times). I am not particularly good with technology, and I'm not materialistic so I tend to not take good care of my personal items. I do work in the tropical rain forest out of country as well. Needless to say, I've had a plethora of issues with my laptop. I've had the keyboard replaced twice, the entire screen replaced twice, the battery replaced twice, charger replaced 4 times, had to wipe out everything and reboot, etc. The people here have always worked with me- and they know how to run a business. A company that has good customer service and treats their buyers well have good retention and good reviews (like this one). Even though many times I walk in frustrated and short, they still take my BS and have almost always solved my problem. Furthermore, many times they have repaired things free of charge even after my warranty ended. This store and its employees in particular have been great. And believe me, I'm not very patriotic, but I am proud to be an American and get the service that the American stores provide. I lived in Panama for two years doing research and the Apple stores there are a nightmare to deal with. Anyway, I will most definitely be more than willing to purchase another pricey macbook (pro) after this one finally dies out (although I'm crossing my fingers that it holds out until I finish graduate school), largely due to the help I know I will get if and when something goes wrong. Thanks again guys for all of the help!
1	So, I walked into the  Apple store ready to purchase a macbook pro, cash in hand. The first salesguy was ok, I let him know what I wanted, he tried to sell me a more expensive model and I politely declined. After 10 minutes or so of him trying to sell me other Apple products, I said, i really wanted to go with the less expensive pro because it suited my budget and needs. He calls someone to bring one up and i think "yay, we're done!!" THEN another sales guy comes up talking about the macbook Im buying will be obselete in a year and basically making me feel stupid for purchasing it. He was pushy, rude, and WAS NOT EVEN MY SALES GUY!! I tried to overlook this and be polite and ask questions and must have repeated myself because he stated, "AS I HAVE ALREADY TOLD YOU....." In a tone that was just disrespectful. On that note, I walked out. This is the FIRST time I was ever talked OUT of a purchase by a sales person. HORRIBLE SALES PEOPLE!! Dont push when I am ALREADY buying. No hard sell needed. Geeze!
4	I always get great service every time I visit an apple store. I think they're the best.  They fix my problem and send me on my way happy. Clean store, lots to look at and try.  The only thing that could make it better would be a clearly defined person to check in with upon arrival.  It's a little confusing on busier days.
5	Can we just call this place a beehive?  The employees worker bees?  I stopped in here to have my phone looked at as it seemed to be one of those phones that were affected by a defect.  I showed up (after setting my appointment online, best way to go about doing this) and was greeted warmly at the door.  Escorted to where I needed to be and then I waited.  I was approached shortly thereafter and was on my way out the door with a loaner phone.  I was told that I would receive my fixed phone in five to seven business days.It actually took less than that.  I had received word that my phone was in fact fixed and ready for me to pick up.  I stopped back, help by the same exact person and had my phone back in my hands.  Using their wifi, I set up my phone and was on my way.No problems what so ever here.
1	I acknowledge right off the bat this review is completely unhelpful but I really want to tell someone how much I HATE APPLE AND ALL APPLE PRODUCTS! Hate! It really isn't the Walnut Street Store; they are as helpful as they can be, I guess, but I still hate apple. I have a couple apple products-an iPad and an iPod- and I am soooo sick of having a problem, going to the Apple store and them giving me the B.S. that certain things are not working because my home computer is not a macbook. I realize this is true, but really? It's really annoying. For some random reason I can only get my computer to 'recognize' my iPod every fifth time I plug it in, which makes it impossible to add/delete music and on occasion, charge it! My iPod is old, I'll admit that, but that's another gripe. I am not a tech geek who loves new electronics. If it plays music, I'm golden, and I resent the fact that apple comes out with a new product every 8 months which makes my iPod so obsolete that freaking iTunes will not download music to it. God... did I mention I freaking hate apple!The icing on the cake is when I went to get help from the "genuis bar" (yeah, uh huh) they cannot help me, told me if I call assistance I will be charged and when I asked for someone higher up the apple food chain besides the store manager, who wouldn't/couldn't help me, they told me there is 'disconnect' (her word, not mine) between the store and the website so it would do me no good. Don't worry folks, they're trying to 'bridge the gap' though. I love how they are one entity when it's convenient for them and separate when it's convenient for them. God, I hate apple. Sorry if this was little help on the actual store, but maybe at least it will be somewhat of a warning about apple as a company, and not just a particular store.
5	This is basically for Shaina who with unbelievable skill and dexterity, put on my screen protector for my iPhone 6 Plus. She was great and I was definitely happy I stopped in. And overall really friendly and helpful staff.
1	I'm not disappointed by the hour and a half it took me to talk to a technician, and I'm not disappointed by how anybody treated me there. What I am very disappointed by, however, is the new norm of an Apple product experience. About 1 year and 3 months ago I purchased a brand new Macbook Air. Previously I had owned a black Macbook and had no problems with it in 5 years of ownership. It was by far one of the best products I've ever ownedI spent a lot of money on the Air and expected it to be just as durable as my previous computer. Fast forward to today (90 days out of warranty) and I got the service battery notification- so either something was terribly wrong or the battery was just oddly low on juice in its lifetime.After the wait, the technician told me that although my battery had only really used up one fifth of its 1,000 charge lifecycle that it was verging on failure and my RAM was not recognizing her OS and that could mean an entire logic board replacement. Thankfully it only turned out to be the former after a 36 hour wait. I talked to someone at Apple on the phone and they told me it would cost $129 to replace the battery. I refuted that although this computer was 90 days out of warranty the technician told me it was the battery at fault and would prefer it be replaced for free (I also saw this was a very common issue for other owners of the same model).Long story short, as nice as possible the person on the other end of the line told me they would not replace it for free. I tried again with another person, and they wouldn't budge either.I told them I was disappointed they wouldn't stand behind their products as products that should last, and I am seriously considering not buying another Apple product.Apple products used to stand for superiority in quality, service and reliability. But recently as they've made their lines increasingly proprietary and only serviceable under Apple they have no incentive to make things last. Now you just ditch the old and buy the new at ridiculous cost or have it repaired at an absurd premium by Apple, or spend way too much money on their warranty to get that extra piece of mind.I had a similar issue with my iPhone 5, when the sleep/wake button stopped working. When I looked it up online, I noticed it was a common problem that is fixed even when you're outside of your warranty. So I went to the Apple store, and they claimed that because my phone had a dent it was not eligible to be fixed for free and wanted $170 for the repair. That's like saying because someone broke the mirror on your car it wouldn't be eligible for a recall for an airbag. Absurd.It's really disappointing to see a company that used to be focused on the quality and durability of its products instead focused on extracting more money from customers and watering down the ownership experience It's a shame, really. I no longer think of Apple as a company that builds durable products.I don't think I can give up the Mac experience, as I've had one for so long and don't like how PCs function, but I absolutely will not be buying another Apple tablet or mobile device. And while I am buying another Mac, the quality of Apple's products and support has seriously gone downhill. I've never had as little confidence in a product being long-lasting and durable. And with the horrible software issues they have with every release, like when the Wi-Fi on my Mavericks upgrade would stop working all the time, or my iPhone would reset with the new iOs release, you have to wonder, where is the Quality Assurance testing?I think there are too many good options out there when it comes to mobile devices, and I'd spend my money elsewhere.
1	One star till they give me back my i Mac. They said they have to delete it or find the last 4 digits of the card it was swiped with. Well that guy sexually assaulted me and I don't want to talk to him. Thanks s lot Apple. Yea right like I'm going to be able to get those numbers. You guys are asses. Specially that I had one to one on it and I was at there store 3 years about on there records using it. Argh. I'm so pissed.
