1	Dr. Marks and his staff are EXTREMELY RUDE! His staff actually hung up on me and refused to let me speak to Dr Marks even by callback.  I have witnessed firsthand Dr. Marks getting into a loud verbal argument with one of his patients. Furthermore every time I've had an appointment with the doctor, his office is filled with pharmaceutical sales reps which he saw before me.  Pros: None that I can think of; you can find better Doctors than this.  Cons: Rude; unhelpful; tends to just prescribe Rx for every situation
5	Dr. marks stuff is exceptional.  Wonderfully polite and Dr. Marks is a wonderful Doctor.  He'll give you all the attention you need and the wait times aren't ridiculous either.
1	The Good: I could state a few mediocre points, such as that the office was clean, but they aren't really of any great import.The Bad:  The doctor only addressed part of my concerns, as I was very interested in seeking help on 2 different-but-related medical issues. Most of his focus was on one issue, with the other being set aside for another time. Though the first visit wasn't rushed, the second appointment did not feel the same. The doctor seemed eager to use scare tactics during our two conversations, focusing on the possible lethality of a condition, ignoring questions of severity or likelihood. He comes across as patronizing behind a slightly jovial veneer and attempting to scare someone as part of pushing a treatment plan is unprofessional in the extreme.The doctor suggested I obtain a basic blood test, which could be done via a blood draw at his office. I asked how much the testing would cost (I don't have insurance yet) and was told it would be between $100-200. The doctor was horribly wrong, as the bill was slightly under $500. Though his office did pay part of the bill and help reduce the total cost to me (after I complained), I still paid over $150 more than I had been led to expect.The Ugly: During my first visit to the office I handed the receptionist my driver's license to be photocopied. It wasn't until 3pm the next afternoon that I realized she'd never given it back to me. When I called back to see if I'd left it there her response was, "Oh yes! We have it right here for you in the desk drawer." Glad it wasn't lost, but if you'd had my card sitting around all day and you HAVE MY PHONE NUMBER, I believe a call back to me would be in order. In summary Dr. Marks is not a bad guy, but is not a doctor I intend on seeing again. I would not recommend him for your use as a general practice DO.
4	Dr. Marks is a quality doctor that listened to any issues I was having during visits.  He would provide me with a detailed explanation about what was going on and would be friendly in the process.  I still continue to see him in spite of moving roughly 30 minutes away and will continue to see him.  The only thing that is a negative for me is that the office is closed on Wednesday and I have had to go to urgent care a few times because of that.
