5	Great store and customer service! They are very knowledgeable and can always help you find a product that will help you with the results your looking for. And prices are very competitive.  I highly recommend checking this place out.
4	I like the prices on the supplements I use here.  The staff is knowlegeable and not pushy.  I followed their recommendations for supplement changes when I hit a plateau in my training and it worked like a charm.
5	I love this place! I was wanting to get back in shape and not sure where exactly to start. So, I asked my parents neighbor, who looks like a bodybuilder, and he told me go see Matt at One Stop. A few weeks later I hung out with a friend I hadn't seen in months and he looked AMAZING! He's in his forties and looked better than he did when he was a sufer in his twenties. Asked him what the heck he had been doing and he said I had to go see his buddy Matt at One Stop. So, I finally did. Matt litterally knows just about everything there is to know about nutrition and supplimentation. he helped me develop a plan to reach my goals. Well, it's been two months and I'm down 45lbs and I've put on 15lbs of muscle. No joke! I went my Dr., Dr. Nichols of Ahwatukee Family Medical and had everything tested. before and after. Dr. Nichols also knows Matt and he told me that One Stop is a great place. It's nice when even your Dr. give a good refferal. Check this place out. You won't be dissapointed! Thanks Matt!!!! PS: Check out his new restaurant in Awhatukee, The Public House Garage! This place is AWESOME! I went there last weekend and loved it. I didn't even realize he was one of the owners until a server told me. Public Garage review is comming next!
4	These guys helped my brother out with supplements when he came in, and I felt confident sending him there because they are knowledgeable.  The guy behind the counter remembers my kids and the fruit smoothie flavors they like.  That's pretty awesome.
4	This place has a really good selection of supplements. I have been in here twice in the last two weeks. There is a younger guy that works nights and he has a lot of information. They also have protein shakes and internet available to customers. The only complaint is that most items are about $10 more than you would have to pay on the internet. Other than that though this place is pretty legit!
5	Best place to go for a shake after your workout !! Staff is so nice and remembers what I get!!
1	A few words to easily describe the experience I had.dirty store, extremely cluttered and unfriendly, unhelpful staff. Go to Max Muscle.
3	I really liked the smoothie I got from here, I think I ordered a Strawberry Banana post workout smoothie.  But I felt like I was being judged by the baristas instead of being helped.I wanted to get more information on what the best type of protein for my body would be and I felt like the guy working just looked at me with complete superiority and told me "anything will work."I definitely see myself coming here to get post work out drinks whenever I'm in the area, but don't expect the best service.
5	I come here for the low carb smoothie meal replacement which is so good! Also the guys that work here are very friendly and helpful they always greet me when I come and help right away. I've never had a bad experience with the staff I was shocked to read some of the bad reviews because its always been great when I go in.
3	I'd never been here before but I heard they had good post workout shakes so I decided to give it a try. I asked the guy what he would recommend for me and he was really rude. Felt like he was judging me for not knowing what to order. I ended up getting the strawberry banana meal replacement shake. It was not my favorite. Tasted like chemicals. I've gone one more time and received the same horrible service from some woman. She didn't greet me when I walked in, was very short when I ordered and didn't bother saying thanks or have a good day. What bugged me even more was that she was extremely friendly to the guy who was in there. Guess you have to have ridiculous muscles and know what to order to feel welcome! But to be honest, I really liked the chocolate peanut butter shake that I got the second time and I'll go back for another one....until I find a better place close to home!
