4	Gus and I drove out this way for some reason, I forget what we were doing. So we stopped at this Village Inn for lunch. Met at the door by a nice tall young man. We were then again greeted by a young lady changing the salt and pepper shakers. One more greeting was coming soon from our waitress. She was a very nice but not overly familiar, just like I like it. Her service was spot on. Gus and I each had a burger and to my surprise it tasted like a real burger. Mine was called The Works Burger which means it comes with stuff I never have on a burger. It was supposed to have a sauce on it, this was left off, not by request. I could have asked for it, but decided to eat it as is and it was good. The onion rings that came with it were also very well cooked, nice and crisp. Speaking of onions, although there are grilled onions on this burger it also has raw on the side. I often ask, who gets the nice piece of onion, well this time it was me yay. It was a nice lunch with good service and at a decent price. Simple pleasures.
4	What's the deal with the pies at this place?  They peddle them like they are filled with liquid percocet.   I have never seen such a scurry of senior citizens to "reserve" pies.I've been here a few times and I can say that the Veggie Omelet never does me wrong.  I usually try to add a cup of fruit or snack on my dining partners pancakes, waffles, crepes, etc...Th wait staff is decent but seems a little pissed at the customers.  I can't blame them as this place is always packed and that means refilling grandma's coffee constantly.  One day I will try a pie - it just may be the best pie ever.
4	I always like going here with my grandparents.  They offer a variety of foods, mostly American.  I've tried their enchiladas, and they weren't that good, so I would stick with the American foods.  The staff is usually pretty attentive, and they definitely know how to talk to the mostly senior crowd.  People seem to like their pies, and the few I've tried were "okay," a little on the sweet side.  I don't know what I was expecting.  I think I'll try the cheesecake next time I'm there.
4	I have been a fan of Village Inn all my life. This is comfort food at its best. I always love their french toast and pancakes. At this location, the service has been pretty consistent and speedy, even when they're super busy. And everyone is generally nice.
5	Very good breakfasts.  We had 5 people and the service was great too.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat out so naturally I have tried what I think are most all the "breakfast" joints in town but for some reason or the other, I'd never stopped by the Village Inn.  Boy, I am sure glad that I did!Great menu, great service (Thanks Gina) and good rib sticking food.  Move over Good Egg, you have some competition.
4	Growing up I was a big fan of this chain, but as my taste buds have grown up, I'm not as big of a fan. I still and will always love their pancakes more than any others. I'm a fan of ultra fluffy and light pancakes and they deliver every time. I'd skip anything else on the menu though.
2	Village Inn, all the mediocrity of Denny's with a less creative menu.  Chain restaurants all have that corporate feel, and of course this Village Inn is no different.  I guess if you are in a pinch, this place will do...but if you really think you cannot look a little harder and find something better, then you really wanted to go to Village Inn in the first place.
4	A flashback to childhood comfort food!When I eat at this place, I feel like I did back when I was a kid. Hanging out late nights with family or friends while eating good comforting breakfast foods AND PIE :)I'm back in a warm, homey kitchen, chatting and catching up with someone dear to me (now normally my kiddo!). She and I are both fans of the Strawberry Crepes :DThis is also the place I order all my Thanksgiving day pies from. Ohh soo good!Pricing is reasonable. Service is friendly. I hardly ever have to wait to be seated. Parking is ample.
3	FREE PIE!!! The siren call of all seniors within a 50-mile radius. Avoid Wednesdays, which are FREE PIE days! That said, the dinner was just okay, like someone else said, "Denny's". So this is the place for you if you like excessively salted food. The good thing is that they give you big glasses of water and plenty of it. In all fairness it's clean and the service was great. Just not five-star, or even four-star dining.
4	Good old feel good food. Can't believe they were open on New Year's Day. Plus we got free pie. Good game!
4	I've had both breakfast and lunch here & it's pretty good.  Tasty food, reasonable prices (be sure to ask for 10% senior discount if that applies to you), and friendly servers who refill water as needed without asking and are good about getting special requests (non-cholesterol egg substitute, dry toast) correct.  The only thing that I don't like is that portion sizes seem to vary considerably from one visit to the next.  I usually order the same things, and my breakfast omelet and hash browns often fill a large platter, but on the next visit they barely take up 1/2 of a small platter.  Fries can be overflowing the lunch plate or look like just a handful & sandwiches are sometimes stuffed with meat and cheese and other times pretty skimpy-looking.  Overall, I like it, it's close by, parking is easy, and they seat people quickly, even when there is a crowd.
3	The food was pretty standard diner food, which was why we went there. Sometimes you just crave a BLT. For the middle of the afternoon on a Friday though, the service left much to be desired. No matter how many times I thought I made eye contact with our server, I guess I didn't because for the life of me I couldn't get a stinkin straw. I guess the older crowd needed more attention and that's fine. Let me personally recommend the peanut butter cup pie though. It really was a little slice of heaven. There was no way that I could have eaten it all myself though, as it was super sweet.
