4	Today I had to send my girlfriend flowers for her birthday, and I called The Blossom Shop at Park road.  The lady was very friendly and told me that I should contact that uptown location (there are 3 locations, same shop, but the uptown location is the original I believe).  The uptown lady was also very nice, but the only negative thing was that she took a long time and I had to repeat myself 20 times.  Outside of that, everything was great.  I told her the amount I wanted to spend, told her I wanted vibrant colors, and told her when I needed them delivered.  My girlfriend was very pleased and therefore I was happy as well.Highly recommend and it was very easy to handle over the phone!
1	It's sad when a florist just doesn't care anymore.  Sending someone a bouquet is all about those little extra touches and when the folks putting it together are sleepwalking through the process then everyone ends up disappointed.I ordered the flowers for my anniversary via Teleflora (who are 5 stars for their solid customer service).  I went with the Lavish Love arrangement which was an incredible mix of roses and asiatic lilies.  The picture on the website was of the standard version, so I went with the premium because I really wanted the wow factor.What was delivered to my wife was a poor excuse for a bouquet.  It didn't even come close to the standard version let alone a premium upgrade.  The picture I've added to this review is the photo of the arrangement from Teleflora's website and the actual bouquet my wife received.  There were barely any flowers in it at all.  5 rose stems, a handful of lilies and more green than anything else.  While I was on the phone with my girl one of the lily blooms fell right off the stem.How could anyone send out a bouquet looking like this and be proud enough to include their business card (which is how I found out which shop this came from)?  I called Teleflora to complain and they had the florist redeliver the arrangement according to the correct "recipe".  What arrived was much better than the first, but at that point the moment had been ruined.I will definitely use Teleflora again because their customer service was very responsive and top notch all around.  The Blossom Shop I'll avoid like the plague and make sure to never use again.
4	After dealing with a disaster from a 1-800 Flowers store, I went to The Blossom Shop and they were great! The flowers were top quality, and the service was what you should expect. I will definitely use them every time now!
1	Called to order an arrangement and was quoted a rather high price over the phone, but decided to go with them as I was assured the arrangement would be "full".  I was expecting something pretty large and when I arrived to pick it up, it was rather small.  Tasteful, but small.  After paying and walking into the parking lot, I noticed a lot of the "filler" for my arrangement was readily available in the plants surrounding the building!  I feel like I got ripped off and could've just bought the flowers for around $20 and saved the other $90 by foraging in my yard...never again.
2	I bought an English garden and the design is such that each piece has to be taken out and watered individually; just plastic containers stuck in the basket.  One of the flowers died almost immediately.  Buy beware!
2	Ordered the 'as pictured' flowers for an anniversary but got the value version I think. There are several fewer flowers than pictured. It's disappointing. Emailed them twice - no response. Not impressed with companies who think because you're far away (in Australia) that you won't find out.
1	Recently ordered flowers from here and the flower arrangement was completely different than what was requested on the original order. They did fix it, but the flowers were 90% dead in 3-4 days (a few blossoms never opened and a few dead the next day). I understand that fresh flowers don't last long, but for the cost and quality they say they offer, I expect better. Flowers from the farmers market have been much cheaper and lasted longer. Will not use this florist again.
