4	Although most branches of Sainsbury's are pretty much exactly the same as the next one, this one stands out due to its sheer size.Unless you have a car, then the big Tesco in New Town or the big Asda over by the Corn Exchange are a pain to get to, which means that this is where you'll head when you need a big shop. As well as all the usual food and grocery-related stuff this branch also offers a pharmacy, a household section, clothing, a bakery, a cheese counter as well as a butcher/fishmonger counter.It just so happens to be housed within the world's ugliest shopping centre, Cameron Toll. But don't let that put you off; with free parking and good bus links this is a pretty handy one as far as supermarkets go.Just avoid it at the beginning of all the uni terms, as it's packed to the rafters with students accompanied by their doting mums buying them enough food to last them until the next holidays and then some.
4	Holey moley, this is the mother of all Sainsburys, it is absolutely huge and you could find everything and your Gran in here.If you're looking to do the weekly shop then I can't think of a better place as there isn't any grocery item that this Sainsbury's doesn't stock.In comparison to other supermarkets, I've always found Sainsbury's to be a bit pricier but they often have really good weekly deals on that are often too good to resist. Including a deal on those chocolate GU desserts pretty much every other week. Awesome.
5	This is an absolutely massive Sainsbury's and is the best thing about the Cameron Toll centre by quite a way. It is in a great location for students as well as it is near the Kings Buildings and therefore many people get flats in the area. Sainsbury's therefore get a good amount of younger customers.The store really does allow you to save a lot of money because if you go to the smaller branches of supermarkets such as Tesco Metro or Sainsbury's local, they tend to concentrate on stocking branded items rather than the cheaper Sainsbury's brands. I mean I really can't tell that much difference between Sainsnury's own baked beans than Heinz beans, and this shop would allow you to get these cheaper options.The shop also has a great range of clothes items and home items and would sure to be of great use at picking up some bargains for the house.
4	One of the biggest and best supermarkets i have come across. I think they have every item in their entire range here! Own brand stuff in here i have never spotted in any other branch
4	To be fair, Edinburgh is not the best place for supermarkets.  Prior to moving here I was dedicated to Tesco, however, Sainsbury's at Cameron Toll is far superior to any of the Tesco's I've visited in the city.The range of items available here is very good and often have very good BOGOF offers.The onyl downside is that you have to walk through Cameron Toll shopping centre to get to it.
5	This is a fantastic, huge Sainsbury's within the Cameron Toll shopping centre, but definitely dominating the shopping centre with its massive size. I think it is the largest Sainsbury's within a 20 min bus ride from the city centre, making it easy to get to on a bus and providing loads more selection than the others closer to town so it is worth the hike. In addition to the selection, the prices are also cheaper!
4	I usually to this one as i find it has most things stocked up and it's hell of a lot quieter than Cameron Toll branch.
