5	Dave is an awesome VW sage.  He's helpful, friendly, has prices that are much better than Zimbrick, he is fast and just all around one of the good people.  I just hope this review doesn't cause him to get inundated and wreck his speedy turnaround time!  Seriously, the place is awesome.
5	Dave is a miracle worker. We broke down on Sunday and had our car towed there on the recommendation of a friend. Although we weren't a regular customer, he worked Sunday night (he wasn't supposed to be open) so we could get on our way Monday morning. He did great work for a great price and was completely honest. I couldn't recommend him more highly.
5	I can count on Dave.   He is HONEST.  A trait hardly seen in the car repair business these days.  I am afraid to buy anything other than a VW because I would never want to lose "my mechanic."  He's simply the best.  - Bob M & Sile S.
5	Had to have my GTI towed here on a Sunday afternoon, Dave called me at 7:30 Monday morning to see what happened and I had a new water pump and timing belt in by 5pm. Honest, quick, fair prices, no annoying upsells. If you drive a VW, you should be taking it here.
5	Very impressed with Sam and Dave at Courtesy Auto.  Very professional and timely with the replacement of new rear brakes and rotors on my 2006 VW Passat.  Would highly recommend as their pricing was very reasonable.  Thanks guys.
5	I usually despise going to auto shops, but this was really a great experience!  I mostly understand what was wrong with my car instead of my usual clueless-ness.  The price seemed pretty reasonable too.
5	Dave was fabulous. He explained every thing he did to my car every step of the way to ensure I understood before he did any work. He was extremely accommodating and very friendly.
5	Courtesy Auto is THE only place you should take your VW.  They do outstanding work and are super honest.  I have used them exclusively for almost 80k miles worth of service and couldn't be happier.  They know these cars in and out and won't sell you something you don't need.  Once I asked Dave if I needed front brakes and he said - I am betting your light will come on close to your next service so you probably have 7500 miles left on them.  The light came on at 7800 miles.  If you want to support a great shop - head over to Courtesy Auto.
