4	Makeup & Hair Stylist Nikki Segal of Beauty in Vegas is amazing! If you are in need of beautiful and professional hair & makeup for a special occasion while in Las Vegas, check out her website and look at the photo gallery. They come to you and that's greatly appreciated. Also, air brush makeup, pretty cool!
1	I called to set up an appointment after purchasing a Groupon. Sounded like something fun to do before getting married. NO place on the Groupon it said can not be used on your wedding day. (I was not using on my wedding day.) Nikki S. said the coupon could not be used as it she was building up her clientele in Las Vegas and she could not do $180.00 session for $25.00. Then WHY advertise? very miss leading. I have now read her profile and reviews. I'm sure she does great work but I will not be going using the services. she was rude on the phone for no reason.
5	I had my hair & makeup done and my daughter's hair done for my wedding.  Nikki was great at answering all my questions as quickly as I emailed her. Price is pretty good too.  Kim & Pam arrived at my hotel room as scheduled and had us done in no time.  I hate getting my hair & makeup done, but they were very professional and made it fun the whole time.  Thanks girls, you were great!
5	Had my make-up and eyelash extensions done today. Got the Groupon and set up my appointment for early this morning. Sundays and Mondays are by appointment only so if you go by and you see the closed sign but have an appointment, she is there! Nikki was very friendly, very professional, and very knowledgeable. She explained each product and made sure I was happy with the shades before fully applying everything. The extensions are really cool. I've never done them before and these are the clusters (instead of the individual lash extensions) so they were faster and still look really full. The whole appointment took only about 30 minutes from start to finish. I'm VERY happy with how everything looks and even though she did warn me that I need to keep the lashes dry for the next 24 hours and avoid bumping them; they're staying on AMAZINGLY well.
1	I wish I can give her a ZERO.. but unfortunately I can't. I'm a LA girl that was planning a trip with my friends to Vegas for a weekend. I found this groupon and was stoked! So stoked that I passed it along to my girlfriends that also bought it. Well, I call Nikki to schedule our appointments (at least a month in advance) and she was SUPER nice. She got down all our information and our hotel information, since she said she'll be coming to our hotel to do our make-up and eyelashes. Well, weeks went by (and I guess she scheduled more appointments or something) and I called the day before to verify our appointment and I couldn't believe how rude she was. It was seriously like a 180 from when I spoke to her before! She informed me that she WILL NOT come to our hotel because she has scheduled appointments before and after us and that they are all coming to her salon (20 mins or so away from the strip) so we would have to go there as well. I informed her that she told me she would come to us and that we don't have a car since we flew into Vegas. She literally said "that's not my problem and all my clients are flying in, so just take a taxi to my salon. Plus, even if I did come to you, that's an extra $40, but I don't have time anyways to do that" WOW!!!!! RUUUUUUUUDE! Luckily I was saved my Groupon's policy!
1	I purchased the Groupon for airbrush makeup and lashes.  As a result of getting a beauty treatment from this salon, I awoke the next day with an extremely painful/swollen eye and had to visit the eye doctor.  The eye doctor prescribed me antibiotic eye meds and told me to avoid returning to the salon.
5	I cannot say enough great things about Nikki @ Beauty in Vegas!!I purchased a Living Social deal and for $30 got lashes and airbrush make up application. Unlike some other reviews I have read on here...my "fine print" did state that this deal did not apply to weddings, and she restated that on the phone when I scheduled my appt. AND, when I emailed her because I forgot the time of my appt she emailed me right back...and called the day before to confirm.I have never had airbrush make up before & I was pleasantly surprised. I was in and out of the salon in 30 minutes, it looked perfect ALL night, and I didn't feel like I had anything on my face. Where has this been all my life?!?!I was a little skeptical of the lashes. I have had lashes done a million times and the never, EVER, stay on. These not only stayed on, but I didn't feel like I was wearing a Venus fly trap on my face. It literally felt like I had nothing on...and I was shocked that when I went to wash my face it looked as good as it did when I walked out of the salon 12 or so hours earlier!!Nikki did such a fantastic job that I made a 2nd appt for 3 days later and brought back 2 friends!! This appt was for my college graduation and we also had tinsel put in our hair. They loved her as much as I did!! I will honestly NEVER go anywhere else for my special event make up applications. My only complaint is that the verbage on the voucher said eyelash "extentions" which in my experience is completely different from false eyelash application, which is what I got. But, I was SO happy with everything...I didn't even care.Call Nikki..she is AWESOME!!
4	I thought I had wrote a review On Nikki but when I came to Yelp to look up her number to call her to schedule another appointment for my birthday this week I saw I didn't. Well I got a Living Social deal for $30 and like Jessica K said my paper did have the fine print of not for a wedding and Nikki did tell me that once I scheduled my appointment. I have never done airbrush makeup but Nikki was sweet and walk me through everything. She even told me everything she was doing. That's why I am going back. I want that same glamour photo she gave me for my anniversary for my birthday. I wish I could post a picture but what I will do is change my profile picture to show what she did. I loved it. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because my lashes didn't stay on all night. Not sure if it's because I wear contacts but they didn't stay on all night. But the makeup did and I loved it.
5	Very professional, uses clean disposable products for the makeup application. Makeup turned out very beautiful and the way she did my hair, unbelievable and it seems effortlessly too. Was very happy with the look. Nikki is really nice and I definitely recommends her to everyone. I will definitely come back! Thanks Nikki!
5	She was super sweet with a rockin personality. Constant smiles with endless humor. Nikki was very professional and made me feel so comfortable I didn't even get the chance to be shy. Oh by the way have you've seen my awesome tan ;) No tan lines!
