1	An absolute disgrace and an embarrassment.  A bookstore with hardly any books.  The first floor: all the McGill paraphernalia and regalia you'd never need and didn't even imagine existed. Stupid over-priced t-shirts and other assorted crap that they try to get parents to buy for their kids.  All that's missing is McGill toilet paper (now THAT I'd actually buy). So no books on the first floor (although they used to have magazines there). The second floor has a computer store and a coffee shop with the remaining third of the floor devoted to real, actual books: fiction, philosophy, sociology, etc. But the funny thing is that several years ago they actually stopped stocking books so now they disguise the empty bookshelves by placing the books covers facing out on the shelves. If you actually place the books the way they're supposed to lie on a shelf, they'd have about a quarter left. Finally, the third floor has some books but mostly uesless text and reference books.  So there you go.  Word on the street is that the evil head librarian at McGill brought in her inexperience husband to run the show at the book store some years ago and he's been running it into the ground ever since. It's the same corporate bottom line mentality that's rife through all of McGill. Logic: You don't make money selling books. You make money selling souvenirs. So why bother with the books?  Um, I don't know because maybe you're a university that's supposed to be a center for learning? So less books, more McGill crap, and a coffee shop that isn't even open in the summer anymore although tons of students, faculty and researchers are still around. The only reason I go is the twice a year clearance of books in which they get rid of more and more of their dwindling stock at cut rate prices.  But I'm sure even that well will soon run dry as McGill University Bookstore eventually meets its aspirations of becoming the first bookless bookstore.
3	Definitely all the McGill stuff you would ever need at your typical (inflated) college bookstore prices. They have an assortment of tee shirts, sweatshirts and sweatpants as well as key chains, mugs and cups and the like. That's what we came for so we weren't so disappointed to find that they didn't really have a lot of books. They also have some paper products like notebooks and journals and a wide variety of pens, highlighters, etc. Note that the sizes of the McGill clothing run a bit small so if you're buying a souvenir it's probably better to get a size larger. They accept American Express.
3	It is what it is, you know? The upper levels have some cozy reading nooks, the basement has the coursepacks, the main floor has all the McGill-branded gear a nerd (or proud mom) might ever wish for. The danger zone for me are the shelves next to the cash stocked with great new reads. I like the staff at the cash here, friendly students who, in my experience, love talking books but also manage to keep the line moving quick.
3	As for the sweatshirts and other apparel, it seems like a rather limited selection, not to mention that their prices are rather high in comparison to other campus stores that offer their own respective apparel.  However, I will say that the service is good, and that they cherished the fact that an American knows about McGill and will purchase their items.
3	As a McGill graduate, (along with my father, and many other relatives. McGill is our family school!), it pains me to write a less-than-stellar review for this bookstore, but I "gotta keep it real", as they say. I have mixed feelings about this bookstore. After walking the campus with my two kids (who hope to attend McGill when they're older), we stopped in here to purchase 4 McGill sweatshirts and perhaps more University stuff (for the kids and family and friends back home in Seattle). I had a list of styles, sizes and colors needed, and I fully expected to spend $200 at the least (we all know that school merchandise directly sold at school bookstores cost more than those from other retail stores). Despite this being mid-August and prime back-to-school shopping time, we were surprised by the small selection of hoodies and sweatshirts in smaller sizes. There were tons of large and x-large stuff, but very little in small and medium sizes, in both the men's and women's sections. The first time we were here in this store (we were here three times in the past ten days, looking for what we needed, especially for my hubby), a father was here, shopping with his daughter (the campus was full of new students and their families, touring and at orientation), and he commented to me how surprised he was, too, that there were so few clothes in a woman's small size for his daughter. He too said he came prepared to buy a lot of McGill clothing for her but they were leaving with just a t-shirt. On this fist visit to this store, I spoke to the sales staff, inquiring if they were going to get in more hoodies, in smaller sizes. The sales lady said yes, they expect a shipment within the week. She took down my name and number and promised to call. Since we were downtown three days later, my kids and I popped in again to this store. Still no new stuff (although, true, the store hadn't called me yet). I asked the guy who was working here when the new shipment was expected; he said in 2-3 weeks, in September, when school starts! I said the lady a few days ago told me this week, but this guy said no. Hmm, who should I believe?!??Despite never getting a call from the store, I visited again, five days later, as we were departing soon to go home and I needed to get that elusive men's McGill hoodie for hubby. Still no new stuff here. I cornered a lady who offered to check "downstairs" for a men's medium hoodie. She came back with two options. Neither were ideal (I wanted sewn words and insignia, not stenciled, and a red sweater. These were stenciled, and were grey or navy). Still, my hand was forced and I got one. Thankfully, all the people I dealt with who work here were super-friendly and nice, despite the conflicting information I was given by different salespeople. McGill admin, I hope you guys monitor these reviews! There are hundreds and hundreds of new students on your campus in mid-August with their families, here for orientation, and settling into dorms and apartments. They are all excited about entering McGill! And their families (like me) are wanting to buy school merchandise! This should be the prime time that you are OVER stocked on McGill clothing in all sizes, colors and styles! Why wait until September when school starts to get in clothing shipment? Students' parents are here NOW, in August! You are missing out on a tremendous opportunity.
3	Come here for your school pride. That's it, plain and simple. Everything is overpriced, as is the case with most other university bookstores. To save your wallet, I suggest to look and wait for the 20% off coupons. These usually come out during special events (ex. conferences) or "After Rush" sales (a few weeks after school starts).
