4	This place is a sleeper. It's mixed in along with a cluster of other clubs and bars in Old Town Scottsdale but has a very unique vibe. Lotsa tequila, which can be a very good or very bad thing, as we all know, but reasonable prices and a good inside/outside mix. People seem to always congregate inside near the bar or outside at the tables, never so much in what looks to be the dining area. The bathrooms are pretty gnarls barkley, but with that much booze and Corona floating around that's bound to happen. Food is so/so, but the staff is always friendly and quick to help out.
3	Fun mexican sports bar dining. The drinks are strong.. but sadly their signature cocktail the Loco Patron margarita is not very good. We ordered the guacamole and chips... Erika is wild about her gaucamole. I had the steak fajitas which were very yummy and generous in size. The table salsa is not as good as Chevy's; something of  a watery tomato soup; they need more chunks.Warm spring nights make this a great place to hang out outside. Next time i am in town this will be one of my stops.
4	call it blasphemy but I like happy hour on the patio here a little better than salty's.  don't care much for the interior.
2	Blah.  This place bores the shit out of me and every time I go, I get more annoyed that I just spent an hour of my life there.  Its never by choice, obviously the Patron has a few faithful fans but I have yet to find the fun at Loco.Next door to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant right on Scottsdale Rd, this patio is usually pretty packed.  Which adds to my frustration.  Everyone is smooshed onto this gated in patio, talking about how much they hate the bar.  What, like there arent a dozen other places to go to within 20 feet?  The bar took forever with our drinks and I felt like the bartenders were talking trash about patrons.  Youre not cooler than us except for the fact that youre making money at this dump instead of spending it.  Speaking of drinks, I havent ever had a great one (read: "great"=strong) and prices are just like every other place like this.  Food is mediocre and I usually try not to eat just so everyone can tell how much I dispise it here.  Never have I met someone fun or worth knowing here, and since I can make friends with a doorknob, this is a serious statement.Happy Hour?  Dinner?  People watching?  Youre Loco.
2	Usually at least somewhat busy - this bar has a few things going for it... For one, it's got a great location - although it's a little close to competitor Salty Senorita. Second, it's got chips and salsa and standard mexi food and the kitchen is "open late" (whatever that means). The food isn't so bad - it gets the job done... but I don't know that I'd suggest it for a sit-down meal. Maybe it's good if you're planning on making it a long night and you want to get some food to keep you going. I don't know... The layout of Loco is fairly comfortable and casual - although when it's crowded, it gets difficult to navigate around the small bar to get a drink. When you do get a drink, they aren't weak or terribly expensive. The problem with this bar is that it's a douche-fest. Looking around the room on any given weekend night, you can just go "douche, douche, douche, plastic, douche, plastic, douche..." and you'll know there's probably $8000 worth of fancy jeans in room. It's a slightly different crowd from Salty's I think. There are a lot of good looking people there usually, but it's just not my crowd. Maybe I'm getting too old.
2	"Hey everybody, let's go cram ourselves into a patio until we can't feel our extremities!""Ummm, that sounds awful, but maybe I'd save some money because I wouldn't be able to get to the bar.""Save money! No don't worry, you won't do that either. You're pre-mixed margaritas and jack and cokes are going to be at least 8 bucks, so it's impossible to spend an hour cramped elbow to elbow with a bunch of douche bags without at least blowing a couple of sawbucks for no discernible reason!""Why in the hell would I spend 8 dollars on a lame pre-mixed margarita that tastes like Hi-C?""Because its pre-mixed and poured by authentic amateur weight lifters whose awesome margarita powers can't be contained in shirts with sleeves even on a 50 degree night!""Ummm, are there are at least some people in the kitchen who know how to make some decent Mexican food?""Who knows! With all the douche bags that take over the tables to play drinking games with soiled sugar packets, no one other then tourists actually orders food sober here!""No offense, I'd rather just get loaded at a Manuel's or something.""Manuel's! You don't need to drive out to Manuel's when you have top-notch Scottsdale doorman that know all the best restaurants within 40 feet of Loco Patron like My Big Fat Greek to recommend to out-of-towners in case it's too busy in there to hear your children crying!""Shouldn't a doorman recommend something more authentic and regional to an out-of-towner obviously trying to do something native on their vacation?""What's more native to Scottsdale then shallow restaurants and people willing to pay anything to crowd together and feel important!"
1	IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!!!This is what I expect most of the douchenozzles and their accompanying dirty vagina'ed amigas have on an endless, thousand-decibel-loop inside their pea-brains as they lean like euro-cholos here at Loco Patron, never really acknowledging each other until the battle call "JAGERSHOTS JAGERSHOTS JAGERSHOTS" , is signaled to the witless congregation, first as a question, then as an affirming statement, and finally a rallying yell, like a slow-clap-progression in a John Hughes movie.If this is you, take your hand and slap some sense into yourself ... you are annoying the piss out of me as I stand there drinking my shitty beer in a crappy version of Mexican Chili's.  I've been to a ton of lame bars [ha! "bar" ... its a restaurant, tools] around these parts and those parts, and boy-o, this one sweeps the major categories.Food: GarbageCrowd: WarpedService: AutisticAtmosphere: Kill MeOverall Experience: Al-Qaeda
1	Seemed pretty dirty.  Didnt eat here just had some drinks.  Nasty bathroom - wouldnt go back
3	Came here for lunch today because I had a 25% off coupon.  The chips were good... salsa was kind of watery but ok.  Our service was good:).  The food was fine... not the best Mexican I have ever had, but don't think this place even tries to accomplish that.  They want people to come and drink and hang out... maybe have some food.  I paid $6 for my lunch thanks to that coupon I had so I am not going to complain :).
5	right on the pulse of old town night life( scottsdale rd/ 5th ave) a great place to start the night with great food and a better place to end the night( best margarita i've had ) Ask for JJ to make you one you'll be hooked, and make sure to get a plate of fried ice cream ,yeah i duno how its done but its good.
2	$2 Mexican beers on Sunday night.  Probably a good chance of catching something if you went home with any of the sleazy folks that were packed in the bar and patio.  No idea on food quality, but it looked passable from the few people I saw eating.
4	So I only went here because it was 10 on a Sunday night, and I guess all mexican restaurants in the area close before then. So this was the last option.And I was REALLY surprised. The manager offered us free drinks, I had the best tostada in town, and the chips and salsa were really good too.Overall, we paid 10 bucks for a great meal.By the way, if you like people-watching, this place is a must-go. My boyfriend and I were entertained the entire time!
2	Four words for you: Don't. Believe. The. Hype. Happy hour on a Friday night seemed like a sure bet for a fun time. Guess again folks. Music = ear drum busting and suckyDrinks = Margaritas overpriced and underweightFood = Bor-ingService = Um, hello...is there anyone here?Crowd = The freaks come out at night I'll give Loco Patron two stars for the drunken monkey antics of  the people out on the patio. At least they were entertaining.
2	Everytime I drive by Loco Patron, it looks packed.Not when I went! Damn!We were literally the only ones in the bar, at 1330 on a Wednesday that wasn't too surprising though. The music is rather not good (they played madonna) and the place is just kind of .... there. I had an indifferent 3 star experience until I had a little run in with the bartender. I took a sip of my bottled beer and it was room temp. I called him over and asked if I could have the bill for our warm beers. He offered to "get something else that might be colder" and I declined. He then said if you don't want something else then why bitch about it dude? Whatever, I was trying to show my girl a good time for her 21st and didn't want to get in a big argument so I let it go. Mark my words, I'll never go back. That was some serious attitude that was unnessecary.
3	For lunch they've got some pretty good food and I've been there a few times now with local businesses for meetings.  Chips and Salsa are really good (and yes that matters) and the taco's I had today (grnd beef) were really good, not greasy and everything was filling and appropriately priced.Nightlife... typical Scottsdale bar, not much more to say.  Decent patio for hanging out, but typical scottsdale croud.. no surprises there.  But good place to hang at night.
1	Now I have written some reviews about crappy places in the past but this might be hands down the absolute worst experience I have ever had at any restaurant in my entire life. Now this is incredibly gross so if you cant handle it don't read on. I went to loco patron for lunch like a year ago maybe things have changed. I ordered nothing special from the menu, all in all I would have given it like 2 and a half/ three stars. That is until a giant fucking cockroach crawled out of my food. Needless to say I am traumatized and will not go back there. To be honest I wasn't an asshole about it to the staff in fact I didn't say anything I just got the check and got the hell out of there. Now I have had bad experiences at places before, you know the old "hair that is obviously not mine in my food" routine. You know what eventually I am hungry enough that I can forgive that one for the right circumstances, but I will never forgive loco patron for what happened to me. Well don't tell my psychiatrist that she says forgiveness is healthy or some shit like that.
4	I'm surprised by all the negative reviews of Loco. I think it's a great spot to hangout that's slightly less low key than the rest of the Old Town bar scene. I frequented this place with both girl, guy friends and my boyfriend and never did anyone complain. Convenient location that's close to all that old town has to offer.  Crowd ranges from ASU kids to older folks but is often a nice mix. My only complaint would be that on Thursday or Friday nights there is sometimes a wait for a drink if you don't sit at the bar. Killer margaritas and a really nice patio to hang out on a warm night. I try to go back whenever I'm back on my old stomping grounds in AZ.
3	This place makes me miss ASU so bad.  Hanging out with a crowd last night who were at least a few years removed from college, it really drives home the fact that life is different now.  Anyway, on to the food/drinks/experience.  TACO TUESDAY is awesome.  $2 tacos, $2 beers.  Does it get any more simple and easy than that?  I really enjoyed the tacos, as well.  The atmosphere sucks unless you love the faux Mexican beach chic theme-restaurant thing they have going there.  I didn't love the music.  It was pretty deserted, which surprised me.  Seems to me such a terrific deal should really draw people in, but apparently that's not the case, or at least it wasn't last night around 8 or so.  I'll go back for the food whenever I get stuck missing ASU again.
3	This place is disgusting. I would have lived a long happy life not having entered Loco Patron. The crowd is creepy alcoholics, douchey jock stereotypes, frat boys and sad, hysterical hos. The inside is so dark you can barely see the person opposite you and the tone of the place is set when you arrive for dinner at 7PM and are CARDED. So why on earth am I giving this place 3 stars? Well it's really 2.5 but honestly the food was solid, middle of the road tex mex and the portions were large for their price, making the meal I had a value. The $6.50 quesadilla with green chilies was made with what can only be described as the world's largest tortilla. It had to be a 30" one because it was folded over and still looked enormous. There wasn't too much cheese in it, but enough to not feel stingy, though the accompanying guac and pico de gallo was not nearly enough for the magnitude of that quesadilla. We were in on a Tuesday night which is $1/$2 taco night and I did try the mahi mahi taco on the soft corn tortilla and liked it. I don't really like mahi mahi because it's regularly cooked to death and tastes like nothing, but the topping made it a nice $2 treat. If someone brought this food to your house and served it to you without telling you where it was from you would enjoy it. But Loco Patron is a charmless restaurant/bar that should be avoided.
4	After an impromptu happy hour organized by none other than Georgie S I feel I need to write a review. There were fellow Yelpers and non-Yelpers alike. Everyone had a grand time. How can you not when there are $1/$2 tacos, $4 nachos, and $2 Dos Lager on draft?! I had the Mahi Mahi tacos on corn tortillas, which were $2. Plus 6ish Dos Equis. All for $35 including tip. Not too bad I thought. Our server was a little on the slow side, but we were having a good time and didn't mind too much. I tried the nachos and they were decent and for $4 nicely sized. We were sitting on the patio on a great early evening/night. Normally Tuesday nights are reserved for hockey, but being in between seasons a little HH was just what the doctor ordered. This night turned into an adventure with a drunken trip to the Grapevine. Solid!
3	I want to give this place two stars. It deserves two stars, HOWEVER, I have decided on 3 for the sheer fact of the sale of cheap tacos and cheap beer. I will be first to say that I strongly dislike the semi-douchey scene of Loco Patron, but what can one expect when they're in an OTSCO bar that is frequented by barely legal drinkers? So I set my thirty year old snobbery aside and went for some cheap tacos. When I walked in to what I thought was a restaurant, I was carded! WTF? There was a 7 year old kid munching on his taco, watching my carding go down. We locked eyes for a moment while the bouncer flashed his light on my ID, I think the child was mocking me. I was wondering why he was allowed in. Oh well. After that puzzling moment, I met the gang. While the conversation at the table was rousing, I couldn't help but notice the coke-ho dancing without any rhythm or to the music that was in her head at the bar in front of us. She was really working it too! I tore my eyes away from the train wreck to peruse the simple menu. I ordered off of the regular menu to get some shrimp tacos. They were pretty flavorful! I was rather surprised. I also ordered a steak taco off of the "Taco Tuesday" menu to try. Again, another pretty good, flavorful taco! The rice and beans were just alright. Nothing too amazing. I guess my overall impression is that Loco Patron is a great place to meet some friends if you're broke on a Tuesday and you're hungry and want a beer or two! I wouldn't rush back to visit this joint, but it would do in a pinch.
1	Meh - not my crowd at all.  The much younger group in the corner was super snotty and mouthy regarding my group of older coworkers (30s - 40s) as they gave us the hairy eyeball when we dared to come in and take the tables near them.  We were just looking for somewhere mellow to grab a bite and have a few drinks, and you would've thought we were there to put an end to all things joyful in the world.The food was mediocre, the drinks were syrupy sweet, and the overall vibe was trashy.  I wouldn't come back.
1	Best Margarita?  Whoa this place has a reputation that it does not deserve.  Food is ordinary and inexpensive, but the margaritas are overpriced and make no sense when the beer is so much cheaper here.  Young stuck up Millennial 20 somethings hang out here and it is almost as if this place got transplanted off Mill Ave. into Scottsdale, or maybe it's just the Scottsdale ASU kids that go here because they live close by in Scottsdale with mommy and daddy.Can be loud, with limited seating, and parking is a pain here as well.
1	Stale. Stale chips, stale beer (clean the hoses!), the salsa had a weird taste to it, grilled chicken strips were rubbery... The ranch was good. It was that thousand-calorie Restaurant Ranch that you can't buy in stores. I liked that.
3	On the douche scale of Affliction to Ed Hardy...this place falls at Skater Jersey status.  I didn't have any food so I can't comment on that, but man the atmosphere sucks.  I wouldn't have gone here on my own, but my friend told me he had a Corona Light waiting for me.  Liar!  I had to order it when I got there.  The drinks were fine...you can't really screw up a bottled beer.  But the waitresses looked like they hated life and the doorman was completely unnecessary.  Back the fuck off bro.  You don't own anything.
3	I don't really remember much about Loco Patron because I've only been there once and I was a bit inebriated.  Here's what I do remember:-hot-cramped-sweaty-chips-salsa-tequila-prank calling Denise RichardsI should probably go back and update this with something you can actually use.
3	I like all of these places until they get way too crowded. Got to be honest.  Hate it when I am in a place and cant move.  Some people get off on that sort of thing but for me it is just time to leave.  This place is cool though.  The bar is fun, and mexican food is not bad.  Salsa is actually really good.  The salt and pepper wings are a real plus too. Fun place to go for happy hour.   The music gets a little loud in the bar at night, but that comes with the territory.
3	I think this place is better than people make it out to be!Great prices, good food, great music videos being played in the background, and a good crowd.While the chips and the fajitas were average or above average, the best part is requesting all the hot sauce accompaniments they have available.  I would recommend the Habanero sauce if you like spicy food, it is good on everything!This is a great staging spot to have a little dinner and have a couple drinks before heading out for the night.  I will be a regular here.
3	Most of the reviews for this place seem to be short and sweet, and I can definitely see why. When I lived in Scottsdale I would occasionally stop here when gallivanting through Old Town for a drink or two. Nothing is really memorable about the place. It's a cheesy, Baja-style bar. I've never had the food, so I can't comment on it, but the margaritas are okay. I don't think the drink prices are exuberant or anything, there fine. When I was in town for a recent visit I used this place as a bridge between other bars, pretty much like I used to do. It's not a bad place to stop at for a drink or two when your out with friends, but not the place you'll want to hang out at all night. It's okay.
3	Yes, it does get cramped but look at the size of the bar..what do you expect?  I really wanted to give 4 stars because I have had great food experiences here but I have to agree with past posts about the crowd. The tacos are suprisingly great and the salsa is awesome!!!  It tastes like fresh tomatoes and none of that overly onion-y and garlic flavor some salsas have.  Keep it simple!  Food comes in a timely manner.  The muscular food runner guy was quick and on top of things. We had a pretty blond server and she was really attentive even though the place was packed.$3 domestic and mexican beer all the time is a great deal while the mixed drinks are average (little weak).  So I give this bar 3.5 stars.
4	Yes, this place gets packed as a bar in the evening hours, but peel away all that, and you have a decent Mexican restaurant.  I have had the burritos, enchiladas, and tostadas.  All good.  The guac there is especially good and pair great with a Mexican beer, but then again, what doesn't go well with a Mexican beer.  I will be back.
4	Loco Patron has the best seafood tacos in town!!  Whether you go with the grilled mahi or the grilled shrimp, you will not be disappointed!  They are cooked perfectly and then served in warm corn tortillas and dressed with shredded cabbage, cheese and yummy sauce that I can't quite pin down yet.  They have great lunch specials, and the service is always quick.  If you like tostadas, theirs is quite unique, they top them with a creamy avocado sauce...yum!They also make a mean Chambord Margarita, and the patio is a great place for people watching when the weather is nice.  Of all the Mexican themed bars in Old Town, Loco Patron is my first choice to grab a taco and a margarita!
3	I decided to give this place another shot.  This time around I was sober, and thus have actual memories.After grabbing a drink my friend and I decided to head out to the patio.  A group of 3 guys graciously let us share their table since the place was packed.  A short period later one of the guys pours his drink into the candle holder and storms off.  I made a comment about it being his time of the month and I'm not so sure they appreciated it because they all left.  Although, the most sober of the bunch seemed embarrassed.  Whatever, free table, woohoo!Next table starts having a beer fight.  I'm not kidding.  I then started feeling really old.And overdressed.An employee comes by to clean up the empty bottles from my table and notices the candle holder full of liquid.  I told him about the guy with PMDD.  He made a little joke about the the guy being upset over my rejection of him.  Final analysis- Patron has some cool employees and some not so cool customers.
3	I have been to this location several times because again, right around the corner from my salon. I so want to be able to give it a higher rating but every time I go the service is really not that great. Last week I went for wing and Wii night, 30 cent wings cant be beat. I have had better wings, but hey this is a Mexican joint and our bill was not even $4! But our waitress looked like she could care less about being there, never asked if we wanted a refill on our chips and salsa and never stopped by the table to see if we like our food. Now being in the service industry and having spent many years as a server I get that you think since the bill is so low your tip is going to suck. That simply doesn't have to be the case, we left our server a $6 tip and we weren't even there long. You get 4 tables like that an hour you are set, so perk up and smile, you never know how far that can go. I went there last night for Taco Tuesdays, $1 to $2 tacos can't be beat and the tacos are so tasty I always order 3, the mahi, crunchy fish and steak. The mahi was flaky and sweet, the crunchy taco had a sweet taste to it with the sauce and red onion. Not greasy at all. The steak was tender and flavorful. Again though our service was sub par. We had already finished our chips and salsa before we even got our water, took way to long, same with the food and it wasn't even that busy. We were sitting inside and there were only 20 people in the bar area and there was only one other table eating. Now our server wrote our order on her had, she seemed tired and frazzled, and we had to bring our bill to her at the end to check out, we waited a while before doing that. It seemed like she might have been the only server in the place, but she did have the help of a gentleman by the name of Frenchy. I liked Frenchy, big dude but with dry wit and he seemed like the jack of all trades for the place. Doorman, food runner, busser, you name it he was doing it. I will continue to come to Loco because the tacos are so damn good but I just hope they figure out the staff issues. I gave it 4 times and every time my complaint is the same, the service needs to step it up.
4	I never thought I would find myself saying this, but I'm a fan of Loco Patron.  For some reason, and not to discredit Fred M., every time I've stopped by this place has been jammed.  It's especially great during spring training, as everyone's looking for an ice cold margarita to cool down after paying $8 for beers at the Giants stadium.Service is usually pretty quick, even when the bar is packed.  That can be really tough to do and so few bars do it well.  The only downside is having a tough time finding a place to sit.  In fact, I'm not sure that I've ever even taken a seat in this bar.  My 'glass is half full' side tells me that at least you get to work the legs out a bit.I've never eaten here so I can't comment on the food.  I often forget that people are even there to eat until I'm stumbling past their tables on the way to another bar.  Maybe some day I'll relax and grab a bite here to comment on that aspect.
5	I Love Loco, the patio is great for people watching, the staff is friendly and I always get great service.  The food is FANTASTIC!  The salt & pepper wings are my favorite, which is weird for a Mexican restaurant but I swear you have to try them.  The fish and beef Tacos as well as everything else I have had so far is super yummy!  I would HIGHLY recommend this place too everyone!
5	LOVE this place!! It's right on Scottsdale Rd so it is really easy to find. 3 hour parking is all up and down the streets around it too so that is not an issue. Great place to go sit outside on a nice day and have a Corona or Pacifico with some chips & salsa. They have a good happy hour and the atmosphere is fun and summery. Their food is delicious. They have the best Mahi Mahi tacos I have ever had. When I am craving fish tacos, I go directly to Loco! I have taken many friends and family here after talking it up and all agree that the fish tacos are amazing. I have also hear the Lobster tacos are great, but have never tried them so I will have to do this. Loco Patron is great for lunch, dinner, happy hour, a place to watch a game, etc. One of my faves.
4	I am a fan of 25 cent Wing Wednesdays!!  After having a few drinks at the Salty Senorita for happy hour we worked out way up the street for Wednesday Wings at Loco Patron.  When my friend said they have 25 cent wings, I grabbed my purse and hurried him along for wings.  He has been a big fan Wednesday wings, he knew what he wanted and ordered them as soon as we sat down...A dozen hot!  I decided to look at the menu and glad I did.  I saw they offered Salt and Pepper wings, plain ol' crispy fried wings seasoned with salt and pepper.  These rocked!!  I ordered a dozen, even my friend was impressed!The waitress kept the fresh tomato salsa coming with the chips.  Both good and homemade.  I was impressed.  My glass of water was always full and service friendly.
4	Can't really go wrong with chips and salsa, $3 mexican beers and fajitas!  The service is always great.  Somehow I end up here on Sundays with my Mom and boyfriend for beers and lunch.  We watched the final World Cup game there, which was super fun.
2	If you like super poor quality food but cheap and cheap drinks this is your place.  I don't hate on the cheap drinks but the food is terrible.  Id rather have Taco Bell (and I dont even like Taco Bell).  Definetly my least favorite place for happy hour- the place is small and crowded.  I dread when my friends want to meet here.  Much better places out there.
4	I am a regular customer at Loco, I take my employees to happy hour at least ounce a week. Hands down this is the best mexican happy hour in old-town is the best! There a baseball bar too, so when its MLB season there is tons of games on. Try the chicken nachos.
2	I went here only because we had a 90% off Restaurant.com Coupon and I'm glad I didn't actually pay full price. The food was so mediocre that I determined that they don't put much effort into the food because they assume that the people eating here are already so wasted that they won't notice. Not a fan...
2	Went there for lunch today and here's my take - Great Service, but the food is best eaten when drunk because it's meh, and still at Scottsdale downtown prices.All in all, for food I'd rather go to Chuy's at 32nd St &Thomas Rd seven days a week instead.However...it did look like a fun place to hang out on a Friday night so I might be back for  a beer in the future!
2	Great potential, badly executed.I came here for Taco Tuesdays... awesome prices. $1 for beef, chicken, pork tacos, $2 for steak, mahi, and crispy fish tacos. $2 domestic and imported drafts, $3 margaritas and Sauza shots.Horrible service. Not my first time here, but on this instance I had to wait 30 minutes to order a drink and tacos. And 15 minutes after that I had to ask my waitress where my drink was.Frustrating. Good margaritas tho.
1	Good things about Loco Patron: has a nice sized patio; has a chill vibe making it a good spot to have a low-key drink on a nice day. Bad things about Loco Patron: THE SERVICE. There is a certain nepotism that occurs at Loco whenever you go. If you know someone there, you can get good service. If you don't, you will wait a long time to get acknowledged at the bar or at a table. Also, their employees drink there on their time off, and they always get served before the other customers. I've actually seen an off-the-clock employee attack a customer that was leaving. The customer got kicked out while the body guards protected the employee doing the attacking. I can excuse a bar for having bad food (most bars do), or for have expensive drinks (it is Old Town), but I cannot excuse the blatant favoritism and poor treatment they doll out to customers. I went on a many a day to Loco, but after being treated poorly many times I will never go back. There are plenty of other spots in Old Town that will deliver similar experience, without crappy service.
2	Being an airline crew member, I end up in the same cities at the same nearby restaurants over and over.  And this place is no exception.  I LOVE the cheese enchiladas...with both red and green sauce. No complaints about the food.  My service (Alicia) was okay, but not great And I watched while other tables had terrible service.  One man at another table actually had to get up and go and find his waitress.  The waitstaff is cute young girls.  They stand around their ordering computer screen and bullshit.  They cuss.  They flip their hair.  They talk girly stuff.  But they seldom pay attention to their tables.  And they pay ZERO attention to the not-so-good-looking young Hispanic guy bussing and cleaning their tables for them.....he spoke to me, and I spoke to him.  They do, however, pay a lot of attention to the big muscle boys working behind the bar.  So, yeah, food is fine.  Service feels weird.  Girly.  Young.  Inexperienced.  Shallow.
1	Walked in on a Thursday night.  It didn't seem to be too busy, all the tables near the bar were open except one, and the waitresses were chatting with each other near the patio.   Entering alone, I would normally sit at the bar for my drinks and maybe a little food.  They were all taken, (and I found out quickly it was for good reason) so I positioned myself near the televisions so I could watch the game.  Menus were on each table so I glanced through them while waiting.  The third quarter of the Colts- Titans game had just started when I sat down.  I decided to leave once the Titan's had scored about four minutes of game time later(which probably means I had been sitting there for 10 minutes).  The waitresses gave me the once over when I walked in and then not a look after that.  I guess they don't need business that badly.
1	Worst food and drinks ever! You have to try to screw up Mexican food this bad. If you can't call yourself a restaurant, then you should at least be able to call yourself a bar. Terrible!Salsa was like water, guacamole tasted like it came from a bag, margaritas must have had perfume in them. Therefore, once disappointed, we thought it would be safe to order a beer, but even that stunk. Came out in a can. Who serves beer in a can at a restaurant.Between 4 people for an entree and drink our bill was $95. They should pay us to eat and drink this crap!
4	taco Tuesdays are awesome. You can typically find me there every week. Ambiance is loud and fun. TVs everywhere so if there is a game on you can watch. Servers are ALWAYS on top of their game (and typically very attractive). Great low key place in Old Town
5	THE GOOD:While staying at the Hilton Garden Inn, Cowboy Ciao was recommended to us. However, when we arrived we saw that the patrons were all dressed up (not very cowboy) and the prices were quite high so we decided to walk around and we found Loco Patron and decided to give it a shot.  Boy am I glad we did.  We were fortunate enough to happen upon Loco Patron on a Tuesday and as other reviewers mention, this is Taco Tuesday night. $1 beef or chicken or $2 steak or fish tacos and $2 draft Mexican beers and $3 margaritas.We each ordered three steak tacos. The meat is great, These tacos include lettuce, pico de gallo, cheese, and a guacamole sauce that has a bit of a kick to it. I ordered mine without lettuce cause that's how I roll and the tacos were excellent. I ordered a Dos Equis and Cris ordered a frozen strawberry margarita. The beer was ice cold and delicious and the margarita was one of the best I have ever tried. It was so good I ordered a second one for us to share after I finished my beer.Our waitress was excellent and very attentive. She took good care of us.The atmosphere is very casual and there are a dozen Best of Phoenix awards up on the wall.The restaurant is clean and there is a large bar area. I will definitely be back to this venue.Dinner for two with chips and salsa and alcohol was less than $20 (on Tuesday). Outstanding.NEEDS IMPROVEMENT:Honestly I cannot think of anything to add to this category. It was a great dining experience.
5	New ownership, new vibe. Better service. A popular destination for those living in the Tukee Foothills. The food is good, the drinks are cold. The patio view is the best place in Ahwatukee to have a happy hour drink. $1 tacos on Tuesday can't be beat!!
3	In an area better know for Blue Hairs, this place is alive and kicking.  The decor is vibrant and the food is standard Gringo Mexican.  Think fish tacos and burritos and tostadas.  Pretty simple, not so cheap food.  I myself went veggie: the red sauce on the enchiladas had the right kick of chili: the cheese gooey, and the bean tostada was perfect. The wait staff was attentive.
4	Dear World,You know the drill. It's lunch time. You are hungry. You don't know what you want or where you want it. You don't go to sites like google or yahoo. You go to Yelp. That's where the searches are taking place. Steve Jobs even said so in a video. I know because I saw the video. Anyway, on this particular day, my former boss says, "Dave, how do you feel about Loco Patron". I said..."works for me." So the first paragraph of this review was completely meaningless.In any case, we sat outside on the patio for lunch, and I ordered the steak salad. The steak was cooked to perfection, the dressing captured the true essence of all things salad, and the greens weren't wilted. They were crisp, fresh and delightful.The service wasn't memorable, but it wasn't bad. Love,Me.
2	Weak Mexican food. Along the lines of Chevy's. I may be a bit biased when it comes to mexican food having grown up in SoCal, went to school in SD and now have access to the Mission in SF. I didn't necessarily need/expect a great meal here, but this stuff was just flat out bad. I was STARVING when when I got there, ordered fish tacos and couldn't even finish them...not because I was full, they were just that bad.The service was decent and the ambience is about what you would expect with a name like "Loco Patron". Go here for beers/shots only.
4	Salt and pepper wings are f'n amazing. Mahi fish tacos for $2 on Tuesday's are one of the best deals in Scottsdale period. The Mexican food was enjoyable as well but I come here for the wings and the tacos.
4	I was pleasantly surprised, they had very fresh salsa, just wish it was spicier, and my meal was delicious. The service was great and the prices were reasonable.
4	I've been here for happy hour a few times, it's always decent.  I brought a client in for lunch today...  Great Fajitas!  Enough said...
5	I eat here 2-4 times a week for lunch. The staff know just what I want and my order is always spot on. The lunch card is great, I love when that free lunch comes up. Even when they are packed they spend the time not making you feel rushed. The smashed potatoes are worth going there for alone.
4	If you have driven by Loco Patron you know its busy,  Not sure why people are giving such low starts. The fan club here is loyal to the drinks and food.  I don't ever think I have been to this place when it does not have a good group of people hanging out.  The Scottsdale location puts Local Patron between the bar side of Old Town Scottsdale and the Club side.  Here you find a great mixture of the dressed up Scottsdale folks as well as a t-shirt wearing crowed.I hope to see more positive reviews on this place, see for your self why this bar has a large following.
5	Great spot to stop for a beer and some food.  Great grilled chicken fingers.  Happy hour, during a big game, or anytime on the weekend you should find a good crowd.
4	Salt and pepper wings are f'n amazing. Mahi fish tacos for $2 on Tuesday's are one of the best deals in Scottsdale period. The Mexican food was enjoyable as well but I come here for the wings and the tacos.
4	Great Taco Tuesday!!  Love the $2 crunchy fish tacos!! Sometimes hard to get a seat outside and the inside just isn't the same :)
4	Fun bar, def laid back and staff is legit. I usually start at this place when I hit scottsdale. Dress is casual so it makes the night easier and more comfortable personally. I'm not a fan of getting dressed up.They have a decent size patio which is nice for outdoor day drinking and food is pretty good.
5	Had dinner there last night. The salsa they serve was just ok--it was very tomato-y, and I'm not a tomato person. We ordered the queso for an app and it was yummy! The only problem is, if you let it sit, it will harden (yes, we left a wee bit in the bottom of the bowl.  My husband and I both had the carne asada, and it was pretty effn good! I like that they weren't stingy with their cheese! The staff there is awesome! We were asked to change tables because the dj was coming in, and that's where he sets up. It was really no big deal-especially since we just ordered. They were so nice that they comp'd 2 margaritas which were $10 each. I definitely recommend this place!
3	While on my vacation in Scottsdale this place was super convenient on many counts. It was a scorching 100 degree day and I of course needed a cold bevvy to help cool me down. This place is super cute, a lot of outdoor seating - under the ingenious water misters, so that was a plus.. I love those things, casual ambiance, walk up window to the bar from the outside is great! I only grabbed a couple drinks both times i ended up here, but the service was great, friendly and fast. Unfortunately my first beer tasted like it was from the bottom of the keg and completely flat, but honestly i was on vacation in the sun, drinking a beer - on a week day. Can't complain too much!! I will definitely be going back, especially to try the yummy tacos i saw my neighbor chowing down on.
2	Hot waitresses and good atmosphere for UFC, but wow the food is terrible. About on par with taco bell... Maybe.
3	This place is know for there margaritas. I have had margaritas here on a couple of occasions. The food is very average though, nothing to write home about. I find the margaritas here to be good yet they are pricey. Expect to pay upwards of $10-15 dollars depending on the type that you order.
5	If you are looking for a place to do tequila shots, this is not the place, as they are stingy with their booze...That was 100% sarcasm.  The Patron shots are LITERALLY 3 shots in one.  Also just recently noticed that they have a Nintendo Wii set up--drunken bowling anyone?
4	It was fun and lively for a Thursday night. Very scottsdale-ish... Tight dresses, tons of makeup and guys in affliction shirts...eww.  It was a mix of cougar and cougarettes, young and old...i mean mature:)  Casual and Dressy attire everywhere..The bar was having a special on imported beer, and a guy bought a round of drinks for everyone there..so that is a plus for being in Scottsdale I guess. I'll try to go back sometime and try the food...
3	Food is OK, people watching is great, drinks are goodI've been to this place a few times, only when i was in Scottsdale on business. This place has good drinks and is great for people watching. Some real lookers come into this place for happy hour. Just a good place to hang out. Food is alright, more of a nightlife place. Saint Patricks day was pretty fun here in 2006.
3	Add this spot to your list of places to consume multiple cold ones. Other than that, this spot is only just OK. Loco Patron is an oldie but goodie in the fact that it's been around for awhile and continues to be decent. It's straight across the board decent, which isn't necessarily bad. Do they have decent food? Yes. Do they have decent drinks? Yes. Do they have a decent crowd? On occasion. If you are looking for a Taco Tuesday spot, a spot to day drink and a spot to enjoy a night out with friends, this is an option to consider.
3	Not a bad place for a little Sunday Funday.. Mahi tacos were pretty good. and the Margarita beer? not sure if thats what its called but it was tastey. Good patio for a daytime snack/drink. Waitresses are a little unfreindly, but I'd still go back
5	i really like loco patron! they have bomb fish tacos and their margaritas are really good too! im not sure what kind of flavoring thing they use but it's really sweet so you can get a skinny version margarita and it's still delish! service is decent. they are quick with the waters and chips and salsa when u sit down. food comes out quickly too. great happy hour and lunch specials. big fan of loco patron
4	One of my fav's for Taco Tuesday and for hanging out during the weekend nights! This place is more of the laid-back bar/hangout spot which I love! Happy our is always a good time. Staff is friendly and easy-going. The place itself has always been clean, even the bathrooms! I love the big outside patio and did I say their Taco Tuesday?
3	While searching for a place for some drinks and appetizers in Scottsdale the other night, some friends and I decided to pay Loco Patron a visit mostly due to their spacious outdoor seating. In all, while not the best experience, the time was enjoyable.Star 1 - How was the service and atmosphere?After seating ourselves, my party was promptly met by a friendly server who brought out our drinks before taking our orders for several platters of appetizers.  Outside of being just the right amount of attentive, the atmosphere at Loco Patron was comfortable, with a diverse crowd of 30-somethings and a friendly vibe. Star Granted.Star 2 - How were the portions relative to the cost?Admittedly, and possibly for the first time ever, I didn't keep track of the costs of our drinks and appetizers, but we did take advantage of the Happy Hour menu that consisted of fried goodies and decent drink specials.  At the end of the day, after ordering a huge plate of nachos, smashed potatoes, hot wings, a quesadilla, roughly six (weak) margaritas and four beers, our final tab for our party of six was roughly $125 after tax and tip. While I suppose $21 is a bit steep for a sampling or two of each of the appetizers and two drinks each, it wasn't unreasonable. Star Granted.Stars 3/4 - How was the food?While I can't speak for the normal menu, Loco Patron's Happy Hour menu was satisfying, and particular compliments go out to the hot wings and the generous portion of nachos. As is common, this isn't anything fancy, but if you're looking for a quick appetizer, Loco isn't a bad option. Single Star Granted.Star 5 - Would you eat it every day if you could?Would I come back again? Sure, especially since Loco Patron is very accommodating for larger crowds; however, with so many options in the area, I can't say I'd make Loco Patron a regular spot. No Star Granted.
5	The crunchy pork tacos are the best tacos in Arizona! They are delicious, you really can't find better tacos anywhere else. They even won 1st place at the most recent Arizona Taco Festival. It's also has the best patio in old town
5	New Crunchy Pork Tacos are awesome! Tortilla soup in the winter can't be beat either. Great Patio right in the heart of Old Town.
5	Had drinks and appetizers at Loco Patron tonight. The patio is always a fun place to sit and people watch, munch on the pork tacos, and have a few beers. Always a good crowd, so you never feel alone at the bar or the patio seating. Loco does a great job of serving an eclectic mix of people, young and old, casual and a bit dressed up. Try the shrimp tacos or fajitas for a special treat with a cold beer. Plan to sit outside--it's the place to be
2	The food is terrible here. The only good part of our visit was the waitress. Left her a nice tip. When the restaurant ran the charge thru my bank they rounded up and claimed it was an error because my writing was hard to read.  I'll admit the up charge was only .72 cents but It's my money not yours,  the manager didn't seem to get that.  After a week manager finally called back but you could tell she was bothered by the whole issue.  2 stars for the waitress.
5	Ok I usually go there for the drinks and to have some down time with my friends over the weekend. I've been there multiple times and it never disappoints me. Its a great laid back place to get some good drinks and a VERY reasonable price and good looking bartenders ;) On a Saturday night, this place is usually crowded till 11:30ish and then it dies down. Thats usually when I leave and hit a club, but last weekend we were there till close and it was still fun. I watched the superbowl this year at loco patron and took advantage of the happy hour. We got nachos, lobster taco and shrimp tacos and they were all very delicious. The server was really nice and attentive to us. I love this place and so do my friends, so we end up here often.
4	Good happy hour specials. Love their skinny marg. Good patio.I LOVE their salt and pepper wings. Their steak tacos are bomb too.This place is always hopping on weekends. We usually start here when we go out in Scottsdale.
1	Our hotel recommended this as a good patio, happy sp.ot.  I would say different. our waitress started off helpful and nice. She brought our drinks out fast along with chips and salsa. That is where it stopped. we never ever saw her again. Ever. We asked management, still no one. We had a qu estion about the salsa, why fizzy? No ideaswe left what we thought our drinks cost and headed over .cien agaves and I would give 5 stars. I do worry that our waitress fell of the planet? Hope she landed somewhere safe.
3	There are so many options for day drinking in Old Town. We hadn't been to Loco Patron in about 6 years so we stopped in with a couple friends from out of town. It happened to be happy hour (sweet!) so we went with a couple rounds of margaritas for the guys and skinny margaritas for us ladies at $5 each. The salty-sweet combination hit the spot and they offer unlimited baskets of tortilla chips with salsa. Our server was nice about getting them for us too. Even though we were only doing drinks she didn't give us any attitude, and checked on us frequently. Other than that I kind of agree with Lindsey that it's just kind of "ok". Nothing spectacular in the decor. The rowdier crowd was at the bar and the quieter side was at the tables and booths. It didn't reallly seem like a "fun" place to be, but I guess when you're with your friends it's fun anyways. Oh, and yes, props for staying power too.
1	Wish I could rate negative stars.... With so many bar choices this place is by far the worst.Last Saturday a group of friends went out for a friend's birthday celebration in Scottsdale and decided if we split up that we would meet at the end of the night at Loco Patron. It was increasingly obvious that the staff was hostile and irritated that they could not close up early. We finished our last call drinks and started to head out. The friend who was celebrating his birthday waited behind at the bar until his friends left the bathroom. At this point two bouncers became extremely agitated at our friend and demanded that he put down his drink and leave. My friend started to explain his reason for not leaving (friends still in bathroom) but was quickly cut off. I watched from the patio as the two bouncers (both obviously larger in height and weight then my friend) quickly escalate from talking to both grabbing my friend under the arms and start to carry him out. As he was carried backwards he lost his balance and tumbled back with both bouncers on top of him. The bouncers slammed him down headfirst on the cement outside of the establishment, pinned him down with their elbows and hit him. At this point I had run behind the bouncers and was yelling at them to get off of him. I had already taken out my phone to call 911 and I quickly tried to take a picture to show that they were using excessive force. We demanded to see the manager at which point the bouncer said he was the manager and refused our request. He swiped my friend's phone down out of his hand and broke it on the ground. Several people had called 911 at this point and we waited outside for the police to arrive. The police arrived and took down the bouncers' information and stated that they would be recording this incident. I am absolutely adamant in saying that neither I nor my friends will ever frequent Loco Patron again. We were treated disrespectfully by untrained staff who were either too eager to close up to get home or get a power high by manhandling non threatening, non physical patrons of their establishment. Based on the behavior of the two bouncers I assume that this bar operates without any written guidelines on how bouncers should conduct themselves. What I witnessed was full on assault and an infringement on human rights and I plan on writing any regulatory agency I can think of. These people make a bad name for all of the bouncers out there that conduct themselves within the guidelines of the law.
4	day drinking in scottsdale is a past time i have not appreciated enough. on this wonderfully cool afternoon, we were walking home and a friend in our group says "hey, you want to get a drink". how novel....it was kinda quiet, but of course, the bar area was rowdy with sports fans. we picked a booth near the entrance. our waitress was very friendly, even though all we were doing was drinking and eating the free chips. i had 2 house margaritas and thought they were a bit sweet for my liking. but it had alcohol and salt and that's all i cared about. a great little drinking spot and surprise, they've been there a while...a true novely in scottsdale.
4	I really only come here for Taco Tuesday. Sometimes it's just myself and my husband, other times we have as many as 15. Service is pretty decent, they are great about splitting checks. They have food runners bring out the food so it's always a food auction. But, for dollar tacos, who can complain? The salsa is on the watery side, but it definitely has good flavor and doesn't stop me from eating it. It's nice that it's complimentary as well. I don't get here as often anymore because we moved from old town, but we still make the drive sometimes for taco Tuesday!
4	Likes-*Seems like they always have a spot outside (where others are packed to the max)*Can bring your dogs with you to hang out on the patio*Happy hour everyday 3PM-7PM with great drink and bar food options*Prices besides happy hour are not that bad either*Free chips and salsa-Very light salsa and fresh, which tastes amazing!*TVs to watch the games on (husband loves that one)*Waitress/Bartenders are always smiley and niceDislikes-  *Smells like stale beer and smoke very bad on the inside. Kind of a divey bar feel.*Allow you to smoke on the patio, which is disgusting YUCK! I always have someone that has their cigarette pointed away from them (to me) or holding behind them (to me). Hey its your cigarette you smell it right? It seems weird, because the patio is partially covered with the bar and Arizona law is 20 ft. from the building. I don't understand how they allow people to smoke at the bar or so close to it, when you 10 feet to the other side of the bar inside.*No parking assigned to Loco Patron! Do NOT park in the flag store parking or near, you will get towed. Heard horror stories on people trying to get your car back. Park on the road or try and find a spot in the garage. Its tough when its nice out and people are in old town or anything is going on. Prepare to look a while. BUT when its nice out, who cares, its good exercise and walk off those carbs ;)*You always get the drunkest and loudest people there haha! Its like people from all over kicked out go to Loco and they let them in! The music is blasting as well, which is fun most of the time.Faves on menu- App on happy hour-Cheese Crisp $3.00Marinated Grilled Chicken Salad- $9.00 and of course Chips and Salsa = Free! All in all its worth it to give it a shot. What do you have to lose? :)
2	Every time I have been here, the staff has been extremely rude. Granted, I am  a decade past 21 and this spot may be a bit young for my tastes.  Not a big fan of plastic and got a happy hour margarita with and the "plastic" glass was chipped and scratched all to hell. I asked for a new one since I cringed everytime I tried to get a bit of salt.  The Bartender was obviously irritated and replied.."It's plastic!"  then grabbed a new glass sans salt and poured it in.  NICE!
4	Very cool bar on a Sunday.$3 beer specials and pretty ladies hanging out.I did not partake of the food this time so no opinion on that.I'll be back some day.
2	It pains me to give this place 2 stars because I am in love with their tacos, the sauce they put on them is so delicious.However, what kind of place with a full service menu starts carding at 5 pm everyday!?! I used to come for Taco Tuesday last year, when I was only 20, and have tacos. Sometimes they started carding kind of early (7 pm-ish) but normally they didn't start until around 8. Still a bit early but not outrageously so. I attempted to bring my friend for tacos last week. Even though I am now 21, she is not. We arrived around 6:30 pm, and were told that we could not enter the establishment because she wasn't 21. The bouncer told us they card at 5 pm everyday (earlier on Sundays) and  we could come back with a parent or guardian. UM, not only are we college students whose parents live out of state, even if they were nearby, what 20 year old would even bother doing that?! It's like being under 13 again and not being able to go to the public pool without your mommy or daddy....it's just ridiculous.The logic of this policy baffles me...there were young children there with their parents eating dinner. I really just don't get the point of letting 10 year olds in with a parent but not someone who is 20...not like it was prime drinking hour!!  Carding at 8-9 makes sense when it started becoming more bar than restaurant, but if you are going to have a full service menu, it's just stupid.Since Loco Patron apparently did not want our money, we went across Scottsdale Road to El Hefe and had delicious tacos and guacamole. :) They impressed me there, giving us the happy hour deal on tacos even though we arrived just after HH technically ended. Fabuloso!
3	Based on some of the other reviews I have avoided this place for years even though I work right down the street. But I finally tried it for lunch the other day and I ended up totally cleaning my plate!  The food is not authentic Mexican by any means but it is darn tasty. I highly recommend the black beans,
4	the food here is always great!!! the buffalo shrimp are by far my favorite. Their tacos never disappoint either!!! If you go defininately ask for allison as your server!!!
3	I am not from Arizona, but was in town for an event and stumbled upon this place while exploring. We wandered in because it looked busy and everyone seemed to be having a good time. It has an indoor and outdoor area as most restaurant/bars do here. You can sit at the bar, or they have booths and tables both inside and out. Most people seem just to stand around thoughNot a bad crowd but seemed a little on the older side, but maybe it was just that particular day we went.Decent priced drinks and food. We tried a few items (tacos, fries, onion rings) and they were alright. Typical bar food, nothing really to write home about.Id stop back in here next time I visit Scottsdale.
5	Taco Tuesdays are great and excellent prices!! A must go for taco Tuesday!! New favorite place!
4	The food was wonderful!!! And the prices were great too. Had their tacos and chimichanga...both were delicious...especially enjoyed the tacos. A local bar with outside patio....but had great food!
3	Loco Patron is great for what it is - a place to get drunk for cheap, and snack on what I like to call "bar Mexican food". There are a handful of places in very close proximity to Loco that also offer similarly priced "bar Mexican food", but I choose Loco every time over Salty's or Dos or San Felipe's. I have drank here many times, eaten here many times, and overall I generally really like this bar. They've got a nice smoking patio with effective misters -- seriously where else do you see people on the patio in 110+ degree Arizona heat in summer besides Loco?They've got a pretty good happy hour that goes until 7pm, offering lots of discounts on drinks. I'm pretty sure some or most of their appetizers are discounted during HH too, which is a plus for me. The mahi mahi tacos are probably my favorite menu item. For $13 you get two pretty decent sized tacos on your choice of corn or flour tortillas filled with delicious grilled mahi mahi, pico, an avocado cream sauce, and caramelized onions. Yum. Oh, and your choice of two sides, but who gets anything besides rice and beans at a place like this anyway?My least favorite thing about this bar is hands down their salsa. In my opinion, it doesn't have enough spice/kick to it, and tastes and looks very watered down. But they do offer several flavors of Cholula and Tobasco, so all is not lost ;-)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!  Best bartenders and happy hour in town! Hot guys and girls!
4	came here again last night for a company holiday party and loco is still a great bar. even the doorman was good natured, which is sometimes difficult to find in scottsdale. despite having a group of maybe 25, our one waitress kept our drink and food orders  in quick succession. as soon as the cocktails were done, another was nearly immediately placed in front of me. i'm a big fan of margarita's so i had a few skinny margarita's and despite not tasting the alcohol at all, i somehow ended up with a buzz...go figure.we've never eaten here until tonight, and i was pleasantly surprised at how good the appetizers were. as said before...a great staying power bar in an area with extremely high turnaround.
3	Got in for Happy Hour last night.The watiress was nice - she was very recognizant of the fact it was 10 til 7, and wanted us to make the HH cut-off. The bouncer was very nice too, surprisingly.The patio has nice heaters on it, so we were okay to sit outside after dark in December.My vodka cranberry was strange - no ice, the cranberry was NOT juice. It was a water consistency but tasted somewhat like a cranberry syrup. Friend's pineapple/Bacardi looked like real pineapple juice though. Weird.The wings were pretty good, just fatty. The mini tostadas were apparently really good,  though they were topped with parmesan (what?)
1	I tried this place with my family on X-mas day for diner since it was one of the few places open. We didn't expect much, just food and drinks, but we didn't even get a menu or water at all.After waiting for more than 15 minutes and seeing other tables get served before us, even calling the waiters and bouncer and nothing, we had to leave.I don't know if it was because we're not the type of usual clientele or what, because the places wasn't even half full and they were at least 4 people ignoring us.I rarely walk out from a place, but this was very upsetting.
2	Walking around Scottsdale during lunch time.  Decided to stop in here rather than walk a few more blocks to Los Dos.  In hindsight, we should have walked!Party of 6, 4 adults, 2 kids.  I ordered the tortilla soup - $6 for a bowl.  It was good, lots of chicken and was tasty.  When I asked for chips to put into my soup, I was told that we woud be charged for more chips because we had already received 2 chip portions and they charged $2 for more chips after that.  This did not please me.  We had 6 people at the table and the chip "baskets" that they use could not possibly have more than 1 cup of chips per basket.  I have NEVER been told that there was a charge for chips in a mexican food restaurant.  I will note though, that this place does not really qualify as mexican - think Tex Mex.  I thought that the serving sizes were pretty measily for the prices they charge.  One person at our table ordered two tacos with beans and rice ($10).  The tacos were very small and were served with about 4 Tablespoons each of beans and rice.  BUT, if you like lettuce, you'd be in for a treat!  Half the plate space was taken up with shredded lettuce to fill the space that should have had FOOD on it!  My kids split the chicken tenders and fries plate (also $10).  They received 4 tenders and a handful of waffle fries.  I don't know that we've ever paid $10 for something that would normally be on a kids menu at any other place for about $6.It looked like our server was serving the entire restaurant.  We motioned to two girls who were standing near the chips talking.  They both came over and asked if we needed something.  We said we were ready to order and they said that they would find our server because they were "training."  They only thing we saw them do was stand and talk over at the chip counter.    Considering how many great places there are to eat in the area, I would not chose to eat here again.  Can't really find anything that makes this place stand out from any other ho-hum place.  The price of the food and what actually was on the plate did not seem to correlate to each other.  No thanks
1	Had the mahi mahi fish tacos and a skinny margarita. Fish tacos were standard sub-par fare for $13. The flour tortilla was old and bland. Fish and fillings tasted ok though. Margarita was an utter disaster. I don't know what it was but it tasted gross. I had to add few more limes to make it less thick and bitter, but still only ended up drinking a third of it.It'll do if you're just looking for somewhere with outdoor seating for a bite to eat, but there are better options in the area.
4	Second time coming here ,the first was not very good but this time it was great service and food was fresh and on time Even thou was a game day the kitchen was fastWe ordered 3 burritos and a chicen quesadilla and had good flavors the burritos had warm and not toasted tortillas the ground beef wasjuicy and not over spicy rice and bean were well temperature cook without a sagui flavores or hard shells taste The service was fast and practical We got chip and salsa right away also fresh and warm chips,then got our waters and iced teas very fast remember its over 105 Temperature out there,Jaqueline was our server very knowledgeable. And didn't even write the order down and we got our food fast without mistakes.I'm very happy with the service and definely I will be back andso my friends will too.
4	Amazing happy hour prices, which are available even on weekends.  The food was okay.  I had a cheese crisp and refried beans and it did the trick.  The environment is definitely more fun sports cantina, so may not be the vibe for everyone, but I plan on going back with friends.
1	We went there to watch the AFC championship. Our waiter was rude and condensing . Food was bad. I won't go there again.
3	Good place to have beer and tequilla. Not much in terms of wine and eating here was a stretch. I had an appetizer.Celeb watch: Pablo Sandoval site-ing (which take it from 2 stars to 3)
2	For being in the heart of old town, surrounded by so many good places, my expectations were high for this place. I was very let down. I ordered takeout and to my surprise, it was nothing special. The burrito was huge and tasty but there are so many phenonmenal Mexican places I don't think I'll be back. The gorgeous bar looked good for happy hour drinks and shots though =)
4	I ordered hot wings at a mexican joint...they were great!My bf's burrito was huge and delicious.  Guac is great too.
4	2 shrimp tacos &  2 grilled mahi tacos on flour tortillas, twice a week for the last two or three years.  There's something to be said for finding a menu item that will keep you coming back for the long haul.  Well, how about two?
3	why do i still order margaritas from here, knowing full well they are 50% insanely sweet, sugary, yucky pre-mix? yes, i did. it was cinco de mayo. i was trying to be festive. my margarita was terrible. 2 other girls beside me at the bar said the same thing. they tried to get new ones....i didn't bother because the bartender seemed highly irritated to be working. but it's still a good, go to bar. the food is decent when we've eaten here, but i have to stay away from the margaritas dammit!
2	We went here once because our usual Sunday place was crowded. My tacos were okay, but they completely screwed up my boyfriends order. Their margaritas were pretty substandard which was disappointing. Needless to say, we will not be returning.
2	Food wasn't all that great, the cheese on nachos was disgusting! Kind of cheese that the taste stays with you for days.  But the beer kept coming quick and drinks were very good.  We had some fish tacos, nothing special there, guppy on a tortilla with slaw.  Nice to be outside area.
4	We went here for happy hour on Friday! Their frozen margaritas are awesome! I only got to try the cheese crisp but it was good and I plan on going back!
4	Great pricies on food and drinks during happy hour
3	Swung by here for drinks after work with friends.  We were amazed at how many people were here on a Tuesday night.  The place was busy.  The music is loud, which is perfect for the atmosphere and vibe here.Since we already had dinner, we were only here for cold Beer.  I had a Dos XX Lager and the rest of the group had Heineken.Service here was so/so.  Our server started out well by getting us our drinks right away, but she wasn't too attentive as the night went on....we had to flag her down whenever we needed a refill.Although we weren't eating, we received complimentary Chips & Salsa....they were average.  The Salsa is very mild, no kick to it at all...what I like to call, Tomato Sauce Salsa.I'll have to come back and try the food.Return Factor - 70%
5	Fun ! Great place for tacos and happy hour !!
4	The Mexican Beers are $3 during happy Hour and I had a Dos Equis Amber bottle. They do offer free chips and salsa, but the chips are not very good at this chain. Not much else to say except the outdoor patio is nice, but the outdoor giant Jenga can be annoying if the people playing are smashed and yelling. The TV situation is excellent, except at the bar. Disturbing scene was a bartender sharing an ice cream cookie at the bar with some other guy who worked there....awwwww.
4	Shrimp grilled tacos were awesome! And the skinny margaritas with wild berry was yummy.  I would have given it 5 stars but our waitress was pretty much useless. How do you come to a table, after being waved down, and not ask everyone if they need another drink. Specially when the glass is empty. Then we had to stop her again before she took off because two others needed a drink. Then she brings the drink back, sets it at the edge of the table and doesn't even take the empty. Had to ask for more chips, than our check, didn't see if it was separate checks even tho the second half of our party came later. We pretty much stumped her with "put 50 on the blue card and the rest on the other". Maybe she should go home, since we seemed to be bothering her.
1	The service sucks. Waitress took over 10 minutes to come take our order. Two other servers came by, saw we were waiting n trying to order, but refused to take our order n said our server would be coming. Lame service right there . Waitress finally came , totally sour attitude. (We hadn't even complained ). She disappeared again. Had to flag her down just to get the check . On top of all that, the music was horrible. Bad rap and country n I don't even know what category music. All in all, def not coming back. On the up side, my margarita was strong so left w a buzz :)
3	Heading out here with a couple buddies for Taco Tuesday night, not extremely easy to find out what the apecials are... use the paper and pencils for Taco specials...beer specials are at the bar
4	Came for my first Taco Tuesday (ever). Sat by the bar -  the bartenders were nice and always kept a good eye on our beer.  Husband and I tried a bunch of tacos. The $2 ones were okay, but we both like the $1 tacos and ordered a second round of them. The crowd was mixed as far as age is concerned. Overall loved the experience!
3	Great happy hour and decent food.  Always a fun crowd.
5	I Love this casual fun place. The lobster tacos are delicious and reasonably priced as well. The service was great and quickly served us on a business lunch!
3	Good food. And Taco tuesdays always a great option. Wait staff are awesome.  Will be back. Thanks Locos Patron.
5	By far the best bar food in Old Town! The wings are the bomb, even better than Zipps in my opinion and I LOVE Zipps wings, and the tacos are unreal. They also have a full menu and I would highly recommend the Carne Asada. It's like $15 and comes with a bunch of sides and all of the fixings in case you want to make tacos. I normally just eat it like steak with sides but I have used everything you get to make tacos and it's the bomb! On top of the great food the drinks are good, I mean drinks are drinks anywhere but they have good prices and they are not weak. The service here is what really sets it apart from the rest of the bars in Old Town. I used to visit this bar on occasion when I lived in L.A. like 6-7 years ago and they still have a ton of the same people. It's great and they are so friendly. If anywhere in Old Town deserves 5 stars it is Loco Patron! -AJD
5	This is definitely my favorite outdoor patio in Old Town.  Fun and friendly staff.  And the Dos Equis is always cold.
5	Loco recently hosted our holiday party. We had a group of 40+. Like always the atmosphere was fun and exciting. We tend to get a little crazy and this is the perfect place to do that. Want to thank the wait staff for being spot on and attentive to our needs. Thanks Loco Patron  Scottsdale for making our company party one to remember.
5	This place is the perfect place for what you expect from a Mexican grill....great tacos, margaritas & cold beers. I love their chips & salsa, and they wait staff is always good about making sure you have plenty of it. After the chips & salsa I usually get the black & pepper wings, which are excellent. You wouldn't expect good wings at a Mexican food place, but they're really good here. For my main dish their hard shelled tacos are the best, but I've had several other things and it's always consistent. Lunch or dinner this is a great quick casual Mexican food spot.Although I do like their food the best thing about this place is the atmosphere or more specifically the patio. If it's Spring Training time or if it's nice out during the day it's hard to beat this place. Grab a cold Corona & kick it on the patio in the sun!
4	Taco Tuesday!  Open late.  The crunchy fish tacos were my favorite.
5	This place is a great find. Friendly service,  pet friendly patio, reasonable prices and delicious food (we loved the pork & Mahi tacos! ).
2	Lunch on a slow day BUT I ordered a Dos XXs lager on tap. (Sarcasm alert) I didn't realize my order was so complicated. The first beer was a bottle. The second was Dos XXs Amber on tap and the final was Dos XX lager on tap. Third times the charm I guess. Not comin back. If you decide to come here I hope you have a better experience.... ordering a beer.
5	Ordered steak salad, buffalo shrimp and a chicken loco bowl.. Food was excellent and the chips and salsa were on point. The atmosphere is great with a nice bar, outside patio and lots of TVs playing sports. Def would come back!
2	No. Just, no. We went on a slow day and had no idea what we were in for. Our server was nonexistent for the first 30 minutes, when she finally did show she took another 30 to get our beers. Did I mention the place was 1/4 full? Ridiculous. The coronas were 4 bucks which is crazy when you can walk over to Dos and get them for $2.50. The tables around us were also complaining at the lack of attention. The food here is bland at best. Just don't do it.
3	Grabbed a late dinner on Thursday night.  I thought the food was good and the beers helped with a full day of traveling.  I liked the atmosphere of this place and sitting outside was nice, considering it was snowing back in NY.  This place is relaxing a good to hang out and chill.
4	Best wings in town.  Order the salt N pepper wings.  Great service too.
5	I really enjoy everything here. I recommend the honey BBQ spicy wings and nachos or fish crunchy taco. And of course pomegranate margarita. Happy hour its pretty good from 4 to 7 and music its always good. The atmosphere and service is always on point.
1	The lobster tacos were awesome. The service was horrible and the music was loud and annoying.
5	The Loco salad with pork red chili is amazing. Brook and Joe provided amazing service for my late dinner last night. I will be back again.
4	After a 12 hour drive, we got into town around 7pm on a Saturday night and checked into our hotel.  We were tired and needed a shower, but we were also starving and in need of cold refreshments.  We headed into Old Town and went by at least 10 places that had long waits, had nobody seated (which is always a bad sign on a Saturday night), or looked like they were a little more upscale than sweaty t-shirt and shorts attire.  By now it was around 8 o'clock and we decided to take a chance on Loco.  They were slammed, too, but we found a booth in the corner and took a seat.  Let me be the first to tell you that we were not expecting much - chain restaurant, young crowd which usually means the beer is cheap and the food is edible "enough" (hey, I was a college kid not too long ago and things haven't changed), and terrible service if you're not a local or someone they know.We. were. totally. surprised.  And, in a good way.  Our server, Emilee, greeted us quickly and took our drink order and one of the other servers brought us chips and salsa.  Emilee came back a short while later and told us that our beers would be coming and she took our order - their "award winning" pork tacos with refried beans and a side salad, and two different enchiladas with the same sides.  Our beers arrived soon as did our salads.The good-sized salads were extremely fresh with lots of different veggies.  Wow, we thought as we wolfed them down.  The rest of the meal was served right when we were finishing the salads and I have to say that everything was good.  Including the beans, which is usually the worst part of the meal at most Mexican restaurants.Good food, good service despite the crowd, quick kitchen.  We left sated and with smiles on our faces.  Pretty damn impressed, too.
4	Only place in the area open past 10pm..  good food andgood prices.  went on a Tuesday night and they have a lot of specials making the bill even cheaper!!  will definitely stop there next time in town
5	Had some food and drinks here after work. Service was good, drinks tasted great, and the food was really delicious. Had the enchiladas and some blue moon beer, they were great! Good place to relax and wind down during the week.
3	I've never eaten here but I've met up with friends a few times to grab some drinks.  This would have been my scene at 21 but I'm a little bit older and it's just not really my style anymore.  The place is really crowded, finding a place to sit is almost impossible and getting a bar tenders attention for a drink is even harder.  Their drinks are good but the place is so loud you can't hear the person next to you speak.  At least that's how it's been when I've gone on Saturday nights.  Not really sure how it is the other days of the week, maybe it's more relaxed then.
4	We looked around for a bit in Scottsdale, and finally stopped in here. The outdoor seating is lovely, and we couldn't have been happier with the food. I highly recommend the enchilada!! It is great with either green or red sauce! The only down side was that the pico de gallo in my tostada was a bit moldy, but they made another one, and took it off the bill! Great experience.
1	Horrible margarita, horrible service , horrible cleanliness, horrible enchilada , everything is horrible here
3	Definitely a local spot. I have friends who live nearby so we went for a quick dinner. It's a New York-themed sports bar with the focus of football teams in the following order: 1. Buffalo Bills 2. Giants 3. Jets. So know that before you go watch the game. It was packed when we went there on a sunday night. They have some good outdoor seating/open air seating.I just got a beer and a quesadilla and they were both decent but nothing special.My problem with the place was the service. It was a little too lax. We had essentially 3 waiters coming by asking us the same questions but then not getting us the food or drinks. My friend ordered a wine and got it just before we were about to leave. Not a bad spot to watch the game as grab a beer but it's not a dining destination.
1	My husband, my brother in-law and I walked into this bar at the end of the World Cup game today at 5pm on the dot. Outside the bar there was a sign that read "$1 American beers 3pm-6pm" the sign clearly EXPLICITLY stated until 6pm. When we inquired about the beer special the gentleman in the american flag t-shirt rudely informed us that the special "was only good until the end of the game and the game is over. The sign was only there to attract customers for the game and we are no longer offering the special." Needless to say this business certainly lost a new group of customers. When you advertise something you should honor it. I work in customer service and I would never treat anyone this way. There were many other possible outcomes for this situation that would've provided us a positive experience. We made our way next door to Cold Beers and Burgers and happily gave them our business. I would encourage whomever owns or manages this business to correct their signage before wrongly "correcting" their customers. We definitely will not be returning to this bar. Not only was there false advertising but the person behind the bar was also incredibly unfriendly.
1	Probably the worst $7.00 margaritas I've ever had  in a 20 year span in the bar tending profession. There are better places to grab a drink and a bite to eat in the area. I left the food and margarita after a bite and sip , paid the bill and left. Save your money, this the kind of food and drinks you'd expect at your single friend's apartment warming party . I could try to be increasingly clever about the experience at Loco Patron, but in reality, the 1 star is what you'll likely give them if your standards are slightly above mediocre. Eat well , drink well and spend your money well.
5	My husband and I enjoyed our time here! One of the BEST MICHELADAS I have ever had! The service was great too!
4	Good food....they were playing country when we walked in. We took over the jukebox for ten bucks and the vibe changed. Good drinks....service could have been a little more prompt but there was only one server. Great fajitas!
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
5	LoCo is always a great place to go! It's one of my fave TT spots! The crunchy fish tacos are my fave along with the salt & pepper wings! All the bartenders & waiters/waitresses are prompt and very nice. They have a ton of TV's so if a game/fight is on you want to watch just ask. Nice new seating outside with a fire out. Inside can get really loud. I frequent here often with friends!!!
5	Went here and had a variety of tacos. Street tacos were by far the best, though every taco I tried was awesome. The street tacos came with carne asada and they pretty much tasted like I had 15 cooks splashing my palette with the most amazing flavors ever created. Get u a street taco. Hurry.
5	They had me at waffle fries and carne asada. Man they take carne asada fries to a whole other level here. It's not your typical carne asada fries you get at filibertos or any of his cousins shops. The cheese is like gravy, everyone has to try it you'll never want it any other way. And they have decent drink specials. The margaritas aren't pre made because it was super strong the next round. The chicken wings are good and their enchiladas are good too. I gotta try their pork tacos next time since there's a huge trophy outside for first place at the taco festival. If you're expecting authentic Mexican than this is not the place but the food is still very good. The chips and salsa weren't all that great. The chips seemed stale and the salsa was watery. This place is clean. It's about what you would expect out of a bar/restaurant on the boardwalk, it definitely has that feel when you are inside. Service is good and I bet this place is great at night. Perfect drunk food.  I would recommend the Carne Asada waffle fries!
4	Taco Tuesday's here are the best, and their margaritas rock! Stale chips and watery salsa need some work, but all their other food is great.
3	I used to work in the restaurant industry, I know what it is. However, the service I had received for my first time dining there was just okay. I walked in with such a not so friendly hostess in cutoff shorts to the point where her cheeks were hanging out (it's scottsdale, I understand, but you're not in a club.) and proceeded to tell me to sit wherever, no big. but didn't come off with a friendly or welcoming vibe nor was I given a menu to look at. Anyway, my server comes and I ask for a bud light with water, after several minutes of waiting for my beer she gives me a bottle (they have it on draft and that is what I wanted, not that she asked me for my choices anyway) and as I was going to say something, she walked off knowing I was going to ask her something which kind of ticked me off actually. Then I pull the hostess over and ask for a draft and not a bottle. Then the server approaches me and says it will be a few minutes for them to change out the keg. Major turn off to just hand me a bottle i  didn't want because they're out. Anyway, it was changed in time and she gave me a draft. Then I ask for the steak and shrimp fajitas to which about 5 minutes later I forgot to tell her how I wanted the steak done which was actually her job to ask from the start. Finally, I felt that I had put more work as a customer to put my order in than I should have.On a positive note, everything did come in a timely manner, and the food was excellent. I really like the atmosphere and their selections. Pricing is decent, and I will definitely come here again.
2	We walked in to grab some drinks and seated ourselves on the patio. After 25 minutes and never having anyone come and get our order, we re-seated ourselves inside. Still no one approached us. (There was no hostess so you were expected to seat yourself. Finally we moved to the bar and after some effort got the bartender to come over. We ordered several rounds of beers and margaritas and nothing was said to us other than a few grunts. We finally found a taco form and ordered a few.  We gave the form to the bartender and he took it (again without responding to us). The tacos were good but the service was horrendous. Won't go back as there are many places to spend your money that actually want your business. It was pretty empty on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. perhaps the bad service is a factor.
5	My husband and I went to Loco Patron tonight for taco Tuesday.  We were so happy we did.  From the hostess to the servers to the amazing food...all were super.  We will definitely be back.
4	Ahh the sweet life sitting at the bar doing beer curls eating chips and salsa watching the games and enjoying the happy hour grub this place rocks! ! I have been a Chef for 20 years and know good food,  they have a different special each night and they have craft beers also during spring training it's totally crazy plus they have a smoking section for those that imbibe do yourself a favor and drop on by year won't be disappointed! !
3	A great location and nice outdoor patio.  The tacos were delicious (I love the sauce that comes on the side), but the server brought me the wrong beer, the tortilla chips were stale, and the salsa tasted really weird.  Not bad, but not great.
1	Horrible service! 10 minutes after we sat down we had to call a server over to ask for water and chips and salsa. 25 minutes later we asked the bartender if he could send our server back over and after watching her go to every open table rearranging the napkins we decided to leave.
4	Great times ....Great Drinks....Great Food...Seriously the tacos are great and you can never go wrong with the margaritas .....
4	Back on the patio enjoying some lovely weather and lousy Monday night football. Finally tried the food and the Poblano Chicken Enchilada's ($12) were the choice based on nice waitress suggestion. Food could have been a touch hotter and the wrong side came out with meal, but the entree was good as the enchilada's had nice white meat chicken and just enough cheese on top to not get in the way of the flavor of the sauce. The sauce also had some good moments as it was not spicy, but still had flavor. The side issue was corrected right away and the smashed potatoes were interesting for a Mexican place, but tasty as well. I think they should have football specials on beers, but nothing broke the bank.
5	This is the first time I've been to this place, I've passed it up multiple times for other bars but regret it now after I tried their food.. Seriously get the protein bowl and the smashed potatoes.. So good. The staff is nice I asked them to change the channel to a specific game, it was done in seconds.. Try it out!!
2	Great locayion and love the fire pit! However, shrimp on happy hour menu was terrible. We could smell it before it hit the table.
3	The place inside seems a little dirty. Our table was sticky so we moved to the outside patio. The patio was really nice. They had the tower heaters which was perfect cause it was getting a bit cold at night. The waitress & staff were really helpful & polite. The chips & salsa were just ok. The music was awesome! We had the cactus pear Jumbo Margarita (on the rocks) which was recommended to me by the waitress. It was no bueno. The taste was no different than any other margarita you could find in a bottle at 7-11. All you could taste was the syrup, which left us wondering if they put any liquor in the $20 drink. Overall I wouldn't go for the margaritas but maybe try a different drink.
4	Loco Patron is a great Mexican Cantina that is reasonable priced in Scottsdale, good food, good drinks, nice patio setting. We normally come here for lunch and BTW lunch specials Mon.-Fri. Only $9, a steal in Scottsdale. Service during lunch has always been good. Food and drinks has always been really good. We've never had a bad meal, the ground Smothered Burrito platter, Carne Asada platter, Crunchy Fish and Mahi Mahi taco, Loco Taco salad, Classic Taco salad, Enchiladas, and Tortilla soup are all excellent!Fun Place just to kick back!
1	I have been to Loco Patron a handful of times, the food and service have always been mediocre at best. The only thing it has going for it, is that, it is dead on Thursday nights to watch Thursday night football.  This past Thursday (12/4/14) was no expectation. Let me just say, that I have been in the service industry my whole adult life. I've done everything from washing dishes,  hosting, serving, and bartending. I get it. Off days happen. I don't think this was the case.  Our server was....awful. She barely acknowledged us and was inconvenienced to tell us what beers were on draft. When our good arrived, 75% of the orders were wrong. Instead of shredded beef, we all got ground beef. Not a big deal. I'm still going to eat it, but she never came by to ask how everything was. We sat there with empty beer glasses and greasy ground beef. When she saw that we were finished with our food, she handed us our tab and never cleared the table. We paid our bill and apparently she couldn't wait for us to leave to pick up the back book. She opened it up in front of us before we even had a chance to sign the slip. I have NEVER written a bad review before and NEVER tipped less the 20%. I just think that bad service and attitudes shouldn't be enabled. Oh and I forgot to mention the ear piercing full bass techno music that was playing  during the game. Sure it's the bears and the cowboys, I personally could care less, but those are somebody else's teams that want to hear what's going on.  Come on Loco Patron, get it together!
4	We had a fun time here. Great to watch sports as they have a ton of TVs with every sport possible. The plates, cutlery and entire place could use a good clean! Went during happy hour ordered a few appys and all tasted great. I also got the baked cookie with ice cream which was a great desert to share. Nothing fancy at all but tasty! Service was good and drinks were reasonable. Again the only issue I had was the cleanliness!!
3	If Loco Patron was located on a beach in Mexico it would probably be an amazing hangout after a long day of sand and beer but alas it's not....the patio is great when the weather is nice, bar is okay at best, drinks are good and staff is generally uninterested in you. You can tell a lot of the clientele are regulars (which is great) large amount of college guys and men still thinking they are college guys.  Had the chicken quesadilla ( it wasn't that great) how you ruin a quesadilla I'm not sure, chips tasted older and salsa was runny.  Friends had the wings they were good! Decor looks like a beachside bar in Rocky Point, cleanliness?? Look it's a dive type bar/restaurant I don't think they are trying to be anything other than that, could it have been dusted? Sure, chip or two or ten on the floor of course! Definitely not my favorite place but with sports on the TV, a good bar and a ton of ASU fans.....I'll live!
