1	Stick to UPS store FedEx Stores or other placesSorry service wasn't great and I don't suggest anyone should come here. They have hiding fees/ plus its pricey and don't tell you until they ring you up. I also question the credentials of one of the workers. How can you be licensed to preform services and you are having comprehension issues.  I had to tell this person several times the correct information and how to do it. It was still done wrong and I had to go waste money and go somewhere else.
5	Linda and Marvin are wonderful.   I look forward to picking up my mail and seeing them each week!
5	I have been going to this place for a couple of years now and have a po box there. I have sent and received over 100 packages,and faxes on a regular basis. I have had my jewelry repaired and cleaned numerous times , purchased moving boxes and supplies, even had a ton of stuff notarized. They do it all here, and Linda and Marvin are great and the service has always been flawless. They seem to call every one that comes in by name, and i personally feel that they care about the customers and go that extra mile. They make you feel more like family and so much better than any other place that I have dealt with to date. Try this place out and you will see for yourself. If there was a 6 star option i would click it.
5	Fingerprinting review only. You have to fill out your info online and then they review your info before you can even make an appointment. I waited a business day before I was given the ok to make an appointment. The appointment times seemed like it was every 10 minutes so I knew it wasn't going to take very long at all. I went inside and was a lil confused about where it was until I saw the fingerprint machine. The lady made me take off my rings and she sprayed some sort of liquid (water?) onto my finger tips which I had to dry on my pants. The whole process took less than 5 minutes which was pretty quick. It's just your standard FBI background check and it doesn't include local or state jurisdictions which I find weird since I did pay $50 bucks for it. In any case it was quick, easy and now I can move on with my life. Oh yea the background check took about 5 minutes for my email to come up with my report. The lady said it could take longer if there's history on there or if the system is really busy.
2	Nice people, slow shipping, pricey jewelry repair, average notary service.   The people are nice, but there's alot of negative  things that I had experienced when doing business with them.1st experience:  Shipping an item I sold on eBay.   I followed the tracking, and it took close to a month and a half for my item to reach it's destination.   Luckily I kept in contact with the buyer on eBay, and we were able to work things out.  Needless to say, I no longer ship items from this business.2nd experience:  Watch adjustment.  I had some links removed, and the prices were ridiculous when compared to other places.  I took my watch to an outlet, and they did the adjustments on the same day for half the price.  Second strike, not looking good.3rd experience:  Using the notary service.  The prices are on par with other locations, however the staff had input the wrong information forcing me to make a new copy.  What made it really bad was that I shipped the item long distance and found out later that it was not properly filled out.  They did honor my request to have a new one done free of charge. To sum it up, I would think twice before shipping an item from here, go elsewhere for watch adjustments/jewelry repair, and be sure to double and triple CHECK your information when using their notary service.
1	I was so excited when I realized there was a close place to home to drop off my pre-paid for postal packages a few months ago. The Lady seemed really nice the first day, but as I continued to come by and drop packages she became uninterested in even raising her head to say hello back to me.  I just thought she was probably grumpy for some other reason...but then 2 days ago I drop off 5 packages.  All of these were pre-paid Priority tracking. Yesterday 3 of the packages show up on the tracking system but 2 of them don';t.  Again today I check the tracking and these same 2 packages are still not being tracked. So I figure I'll go visit her and see if they fell out of the box or misplaced before I contact the post office.  She keeps her drop off box in an open area where you drop your own parcels (That way she doesn't have to be bothered).  When I asked very politely, she grumbles with her back to me that I need to take my grievance up with USPS cause she's not RESPONSIBLE. OK...lost my trust right there. Too easy for someone to grab parcels from the box...her back is almost always turned, and she lets off an air that she is just to busy to deal with you.  After contacting the post office they insisted that the carrier only got 3 packages not 5.  As far as Jewelry,a few months ago she said I should talk to her husband in regards to fixing an expensive diamond pendant, she said, he'll take real good care of you.  Yeah, for 75.00. I just thought for such a small thing it was pricey.  I got it fixed for 12.00 at the indoor swapmeet and it's perfect. Since the day I said No, too expensive, I've gotten nothing but the cold shoulder from her. These 2 lost packages will cost me 75.00 and I am not happy about that.  If they are not responsible for your mail.....why would you go there?  If she's too busy to maintain integrity and the safety of our parcels maybe she should slow down on her additional hobbies of selling Handbags and Avon and concentrate more on her store.
1	I wish you could leave a review with zero stars because that's more than what this business deserves. Marvin, the owner and Linda, his wife were absolutely horrible. First of all, my husband took in a flat rate priority envelope to mail. We have mailed these many many times and it only costs $5.95. They charged him $13.45 and informed him it wouldn't mail out until tomorrow. He called me when he walked out to see how much he should have been charged. When I told him they charged him more than DOUBLE what it should have been, he went back in to see if a mistake had been made or if he could get our package and money back. Marvin was a complete ass to him, told him he should expect to pay more at a convenience store (for a FLAT RATE USPS shipment????) and that he would not give him a refund or the package back. My husband told him we'd leave a negative review and Marvin told him to shove it up his ass. What a professional guy! Don't waste your time and money here. These people are terrible business owners, scammers and just unpleasant people.
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!! I don't understand how you can own a shipping business and not know anything about shipping a package. Why would you tell someone that they are going to be paying too much money by sending a $12.95 flat rate box vs shipping by weight, package everything without checking the cost, and then when it comes out to $24 act like you are still right that it's cheaper? Not to mention it was too much of a hassle for you to "clear everything off the screen" to check the price difference. So we were pretty much suckered into paying way more than what it would have cost to send a flat rate. Keep in mind this was the OWNER!! So then I call when I get home to ask how much a flat rate shipping box is and she says she is busy and I would have to call back. You mean to tell me you don't know off of the top of your head how much a medium flat rate box costs to send!? You work there everyday!! It's people like you who give small business owners a bad rep.
