3	I just moved and I don't have my washer and dryer installed yet, so I figured I just skip on down to the ol' laundry mat and get some towels/sheets washed. This is my first experience at a coin-less laundry mat...lets start with first impressions. It smelled really nice, and considering it was located in a very rundown shopping center, I was pleasantly surprised that it was not AS rundown as the rest of the center. I know I needed to wash my clothes...but there were a lot of washers to choose from and I had no clue where to get started, but luckily right in front of me there were a line of washers claiming to do 30 lbs of clothes (about three loads) at once! Oh, that sounds good to me, so I throw most of my clothes into 4 available machines (yes, I had a lot) and I go to figure out how to get money on my 'coin-less card' - There was a guy putting money on his card and I walked up to him and I was like "How do I get one of those?" (pointing to the card) He looked at me for a second and then said, "I only know how to put money on it." Okay, so he walks off and I just stand there trying to understand the 'help' video that is now on the Spanish cycle...I was hoping my high school Spanish classes would kick in and I would magically know exactly what that stupid little video was say, but I had no such luck... The lady who was working there soon found me wondering around near the help desk and she showed me how to get a card and put money on it. So, I didn't know how much this was going to cost me, so I just start with 5 dollars - I'm thinking "hey I could at least do the 4 loads started while I find another open washer to throw the rest of my stuff into." So I go up tot he first machine and it's like $5.95! What!? Does it really cost that much?? So I go back and put more money on my card...what I don't like about this, and I picked it up immediately, was the $5.95 or my next washer (which held 60lbs of laundry - where was this one the first time!) was that the prices weren't equal dollar amounts so eventually I ended up with .35 cents on my card. I can't use that 35 cents - and the money machines conveniently do not take change, only paper money so you are stuck with odd amounts of unused money on your card! LAME. Okay, while I was waiting for my washes to finish and eventually my drying as well, I saw a few cockroaches (kids, there with their parents, were even playing with them...ah to be young again...) my clothes never really did get all the way dried. And maybe if I stayed way longer I could have gotten them completely dry but I was done with the smell (which was pleasant at first but by now -almost 2 hours later - was starting to give me a headache) and I was definitely done with the brave little cockroaches coming out to play with everyone. The lady working there was really nice and really helpful. Even though all she did was stare at me when I complained I would never get my .35 cents back.
1	I have used this laundromat for about 2 yrs now. The ladies whenever there is someone there are nice (if they're not on their cell phones talking away).... Then a couple of weeks ago I went in for the last time as I finally moved out of that area (Thank goodness)... Now I'm trying to call their customer service number and all you get is a damn answering machine saying they'll call back in 24 hrs. Well it's been about 5 days n still no call back. You're expected to pay $.50 for the card you get and of course if you have a balance on it good luck trying to get your money back. Also now there's bums and drunks laying asleep on the benches and no one seems to go anything about it. I'm so glad I don't have yo deal with this anymore!!!!
5	I'm giving them 5 stars.  They provide  free  WiFi and a friendly customer service gal to help first times like myself.  The one and only worker was busy helping customers and cleaning machines.  Clean location with vending machines and video games.  Haven't been to a Laundry mat in too many years.  Very large location,  didn't have to wait for a machine.
