5	Can't say enough about this new taste treat in town!!  The flavors are out of this world and taste like none other that I've had in Vegas to date.....Been a long time resident in Vegas and for such a new business it seems like they really have what it takes to make the other "Pop corn" infused businesses stop and take notice.  The folks that helped me when I visited their store went out of their way to help me and were some of the nicest folks I have met in a business atmosphere in a long time.  I will definitely be back and recommend it to all of my friends in the professional industry here in Vegas.  What awesome ideas they had for me and all of my Holiday gift giving needs for our companies.....Well done Cornfusion!!!  And did I mention they use only the best coconut oil in their popcorn?!  A big thumbs up from us and our many affiliates!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!!I am SO glad that I stopped into Cornfusion today to pick up some treats for my office.  The shop was super cute, clean, and the employees there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful.  They offered to let me try all of the flavors I was considering (and not just one kernel, either), and their popcorn flavors were delicious and fresh.  I thought that the prices were quite fair and they even had a 10% discount running today.  I really hope that this business is successful, and I'll definitely be recommending them to my friends!
5	I was quite excited when I happened to be going to Walmart one day only to notice this new gourmet popcorn shop but unfortunately it was closed at the time of my visit. A week later I had to do some business in the area and decided to stop by the shop and it was open! The shop owners were so down to earth and friendly and went out of their way to make me feel welcome. They offered me samples of their many delicious flavors of popcorn and it was one of the best I have tasted so far since experiencing the other popcorn shops in the area. I cannot wait to go back for another refill and to start planning my holiday shopping as it definitely will include Cornfusion popcorn! The best I have tried so far with flavors that will knock your socks off!
5	Awesome flavors that really pop. Huge fan of the salt & vinegar. That's if u like that sorta thing. All flavors I've tried are robust and accurate!  Great prices too. Stock up for that next movie night
2	The sole employee working there was very sweet and helpful.  The store looked very clean but the selection of popcorn was wanting.  I have been to the Popcorn Girl many times and am a fan.  This place is smaller and actually more expensive.
5	I LOVE this place! They just launched their summer menu too that includes shave ice and the size of the menu is insane! Everything is super yummy and the staff is always so friendly. Great place to take your family or friends for a sweet treat while supporting a small business. :)
5	Nom nom!!  Oh how I love Cornfusion, let me count the ways!!  This place has everything ~ Popcorn, tons of flavors (I chose a mixture of cheddar, caramel, and garlic parmesan), gift containers, specialty sodas, shaved ice, fudge, caramel apples, cake pops, charming staff members, and comfortable seating for my friends and family members.  As soon as we walked in, we were hit by the delicious smell of fresh, sweet popcorn and the colorful decor of the shop.  Then, the customer service = awesome.  Then, the popcorn and fudge = delish!  After I "accidentally" ate my entire bag, I ordered extras to share.  SUCH a treat after a long day of running errands with the kids :)
5	Love this place! Great for buying unique gifts or indulging yourself. They have dole whips! This is the pineapple softserve they have a the Disney parks and it is SOOO GOOD!! Owners are very friendly and hospitable and their goodies are delicious!
5	Great popcorn fantastic service  Hawaiian shaved ice love itRick
5	Great carmelcorm in the city. Had some at popcorngirl , twice as expensive and not half as good. I will return often. And the Dole whip is like being in Hawaii. Love it , love it.  Rick P
2	Looks all pretty & yummy but service lacks. Literally stood here for 10 minutes without acknowledgement or a word. Only one girl working & she seemed annoyed to be here!!
1	Purchased a groupon deal for this place and was excited for it cause they had Dole Whips...but that excitement was cut short after I walked into the store. The employee was curt and didn't even seem to want to help. She explained that my groupon was only valid for one voucher per visit and even if I wanted to tender out the visit into two transactions to use the other voucher, I couldn't. The dole whips weren't even ready and I'd have to wait 25 mins if I wanted to purchase one. THAT WAS MY REASON FOR BUYING THEIR STUPID GROUPON IN THE FIRST PLACE. Why do places like these even participate in groupons if they don't have their stuff together to fulfill them? I was told I could come back same day to redeem my other voucher, which didn't make sense since I was already told I couldn't by the employee. Waste of gas, time, money, and patience. NEVER AGAIN.
5	My mom and I came into cornfusion a few days before my wedding to check the place out. The service was great, we were promptly greeted by the girl who worked there. She was very sweet and helpful. She offered us samples and answered all of our questions. We ended up buying three different kinds of popcorn; dill pickle, caramel corn, and the kettle corn. All three were super delicious! We also got a few different marshmallows and they were also delicious! We also got the Dole Whip which was bomb.com!! We will definite be back. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a fun and yummy snack :)
4	Very friendly and the Dole Whip Float was delicious. The prices are a little high but worth it.
2	Dont waste your time here. Im a big believer of first impressions especially if we tell the person running the front that it was. Theres nothing special here id rather go to garretts for the bomb.com popcorn. Sorry but you didnt sell your product well enough and you didnt even ask us if we wanted to sample it .
5	Super cute place with tons of popcorn flavors! I ended up with Bacon Cheddar and White Tie Tuxedo, both delicious! They also have shave ice and other treats like caramel apples, rice krispies, & retro sodas. Definitely worth coming back to!
4	Visited this place for the FREE Dole Whip, but when we got there they said we needed to purchase an XL popcorn. This is one of the few places in Vegas you can find pineapple Dole Whip so we purchased the ice cream separate along with a small bag of popcorn.Normally when I get flavored popcorn, I like to get something with chocolate. Unfortunately, this time my wife made me step outside of my incredibly small box to try their Birthday Cake flavor, which was surprisingly good. Not to sweet and that cake batter taste isn't overpowering. Overall, my wife and kids had a good experience. I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get FREE Dole Whip (reason for my 4 star rating), but I will be coming back if I'm in the area for the ice cream.
3	I went in with a Groupon today. I love popcorn and couldn't wait to try this place out. The woman who first greeted me was not very welcoming. She was very short with me and did not smile at all. I decided to just pick a flavor and get out of there. I chose the seasonal Pumpkin Cheesecake. The popcorn is delicious but inconsistent with the flavor. Flavor is intense on some bites but not so much on others. There are a lot of bunched clusters which I'm not happy about. A younger lady checked me out at the register. While I was checking out a mother and her daughter walked in for some shaved ice. They mentioned a flavor and the woman who helped me again not smiling, told them that they were sold out of that flavor. No apology, no other suggestions. Customer service definitely needs to be worked on. I'll try it one more time. We'll see how it goes.
1	I'd give more stars if I was actually ever able to try anything here.I've made three trips to this establishment to try their Dole Whip and all three of those times they were not serving dole whip. I must say it is disappointing that the availability of this product is non-existent.Not only that, some of the staff have very unfriendly attitudes. Not a great impression for your new customers. You could work on just being friendly/polite and give some information perhaps when you might ever be selling some of your product. Instead you just say you don't have it with a cold tone and call it a day.
2	Wanting to try a new popcorn place since my favorite "Popcorn Girl" is further from my house, I tried this out. In comparison, the popcorn is much lighter than Popcorn Girl and more subtle. Not sure if that's good or bad, depending on your preference but I do tend to feel a little less guilty eating this. It appears it's been lightly seasoned vs the other which seems covered in butter and seasonings-but who knows the real ingredients at each place. What bothered me was the worker. She was nice as can be letting me try whatever I wanted and was giving me her opinion on flavors, which was appreciated.  Whenever I tried one flavor, she stuck her hand inside the bucket bare hands and all, no gloves, no scooper and grabbed a few pieces and ate it while I ate my sample and when I asked her questions she had food in her mouth, I almost felt like I had to wait for her to finish chewing and swallowing before asking for another sample. She must have done this with 5 plus different flavors. Mind you, when I first walked in she did not wash her hands (like how they do at Subway or Golden Spoon, you actually see the employee wash their hands in front of you). I saw the sink, but no hand wash. I wouldn't mind the no hand wash if she had gloves, but to stick her bare hands in the tub of popcorn and munch on popcorn seemed inappropriate and unsanitary. If you like Dole Whip, theirs tastes like the real thing but the amount you get for $2.50 is about 5 bites maybe 6? It's small.
1	Ordered $85.00 worth of popcorn for my wedding ... If I had enough time I would have returned it and had them make more. I wanted white chocolate drizzled popcorn but I wanted the white chocolate to be purple. Instead of drizzled it looked like food color died popcorn & I was not pleased!!!!
2	Flavors are ok, popcorn is kind a chewy and missing some freshness to it.
5	My husband, kids and I  stopped in and grabbed two bags of popcorn. We wanted small bags, but got a medium for the price of the smalls. The customer service was very good and the girl helping us offered samples. We decided on Bacon Cheddar and Caramel.. Delicious!! The nice thing was the variety my youngest son decided he would take a Dole Whip instead of the popcorn. It was guy my too!! Overall a great experience. We will be back!!
4	We got a Groupon for when we were visiting over Thanksgiving.The best thing I liked was that they offered different sizes, not just a medium and a large but small to extra large.We haven't had much time to try it since we're still working on getting home but what I have had has pretty good.
3	Dole whip! They have Dole whip! That is the signage that got us all excited and made us stop in. Worth the trip for some Dole whip.They also have a bunch of crazy, interesting bottled sodas. Red velvet cupcake cookie dough soda? Sure, sounds strange and possibly tasty.And then there's a small selection of fudge, covered apples, and a some other goodies. But definitely a very small selection.So on to the popcorn... Some different and interesting flavors here. Not as into sampling as the other popcorn places. And the flavors aren't as tasty as the other popcorn stores. And the popcorn we got gave me food poisoning. So yeah... Not a place I will be getting popcorn again.But they've got Dole whip! That was the savior of the experience here. Dole whip!
5	The popcorn is all amazing. I never thought bacon popcorn could taste good. Cornfusion proved me wrong. I've been back three times. Once for myself, once for gift for my Dad, and earlier this week to buy tons of popcorn for my clients. Don't hesitate to ask for a sample before you make your selection. Popcorn is a bit pricy, but if you're a popcorn lover like I am. It's well worth it.
