3	Pretty clean, new, fresh Cantonese style restaurant in Chinatown. I'm not too crazy about Chinatown restaurants for my own reasons, but this particular place is not too bad. The service was ok but they kept bringing us orders from different tables. I think it was a bit disorganized their system maybe. But what I ordered was pretty good. I had a char siu (sp?) very popular Cantonese dish which is bbq pork with rice and some sort of sauce...I should find out what that sauce is because it's pretty darn good. I take one star off because I asked for egg with my bbq pork dish, but what they did is give my friend 2 eggs (he had the same dish as me) and just took off his other egg and transferred it to my plate. Okay....ANYWAY, I liked the portion size. Not too much and not too little. The bbq pork was sweet but tasty according to my standards of char siu. (it might not be too high I haven't eaten too many char siu). The payment part was even stranger because they did not know what to do since we wanted to pay separate. Like I said, a bit disorganized of a system on their part. Otherwise, not bad, not bad. But not great either.
3	Fast good service and good food. Menu in English has 144 food options but the base is always the same rice,noodles,..I liked the place.could see mostly Chinese  eating there so I would go again.
4	While browsing through small China Town of Montreal, I realize that there are not as many Chinese Restaurant as Vietnamese Restaurant, maybe this should be Vietnam/China Town instead.  Anyhow, I was craving for Chinese Food and end up at Ethan.  We ordered General Tao Chicken with rice, Chinese BBQ Duck, hot and sour soup and Chow Fun.  The food came out very quick and still hot.  General Tao Chicken was nice and crispy-goodCHinese BBQ Duck-  nice and seasoned-goodhot and sour soup - okChow Fun Beef- goodBill came out just under $30 and the portion was big, we end up taking some to go.  If you are looking for some Authentic Cantonese Food, you should try this place.
2	I came by for a quick meal of wonton noodles and  har gow.  I ended up getting my food after the table beside me and I was there about 5 minutes previous.  They also got noodles :SI got my noodles not long after the table beside me.  Then they brought out some food I didn't order.  I got my  har gow and it sucked.  The wrap was way to sticky and mushy.The noddles were alright.  The meal was ok, slightly more expensive than TO with slightly smaller portions.  The service was spotty but they were at least somewhat friendly...unless you ask for an English menu which happened to the table beside me.
3	Chinatown in Montreal is small (1 - no matter where in the world we go, my mom ALWAYS has to have rice at least once a day 2- they have the fruits my family travels to Canada for) and this is a reliable resource for good, cheap roast pork/duck over rice. Their beef pan fried noodles are not great (as in, not something I would order again). Their wonton noodle soup is pretty good: I got it both times we came here. General Tso'c chicken was pretty good: again, something my family ordered both times we came.Overall, nothing crazy and nothing that's a must see in Montreal. The service is OK (if you get a waiter that speaks English well, then the service is good, if not, the inability to effectively communicate causes some frustration. The food comes out fast, so if you're starving, this is a good place to go. Their bubble tea is alright: stops a craving, but it's not great. They do get brownie points for giving baby bochoy with everything and for the HUGE food portions.
1	WARNING!!!!   Steer clear of this dump!What a crap house. We asked for water, waiter brought water that must have sat for 2 hours. Hot & sour soup was adequate. Asked for tea, waiter brought over 2 tepid cups up tea. The beef & brocoli in brown sauce was disgusting and sent back. The General Toa Chicken was ultra sweet, but edible.  Asked the guy who brought the food over for more tea, he snapped back "ask the waiter". What a moron! Steer clear of this dump!
3	The first two times I went there with my white boyfriend, they only gave us English menus, and hid the all-Chinese one. That kind of turned me off. But they were the only restaurant that sold similar food as Andy and Dobie that is open after 7 pm. So we went there for the third time. I don't know whether it's because they were busy, or that they've made a mistake, we got both versions of the menu. That pleased me a bit.We have ordered the curry beef rice, BBQ-ed pork and rice, BBQ-ed pork + chicken and rice, and they were pretty good. They're the same owners as Calia, bakery next door, so if you save the paper underneath your plate, you can get a free bun if you purchase $10 worth of buns at Calia! :)
1	Service is horrendous.  Avoid at all costs!  We ordered two appetizers and four entrees.  One entree came first, then one appetizer.  When we complained to the waiter, he just said sorry.  When we complained to the food server, he said this is a fast restaurant, and that's that.  We asked for a manager, and were told he was not available.  The last appetizer came after we had finished most of the entrees.  Tourist trap, lousy service, and average food.
2	Awful customer service by one of our waiters.  Second waiter was quite nice, but it really sucked being in the first guy's presence. Pretty good prices, not very high.   Flies openly swarmed the restaurant tables and there wasn't much effort made in controlling 'em (EEK!!!).  We ordered their shrimp rice roll, satay beef noodle soup, chicken curry over white rice and har gao.  Definitely liked the shrimp rice roll flavoring a lot and chicken curry taste was good too.  Taste of food is slightly milder than other Chinese restaurants and this is very likely due to them NOT using MSG, but the food was definitely quite enjoyable!  Dim sum takes longer to make, but everything else on the menu is brought out lickety-split.  Honestly, if it weren't for the attitude of the one waiter and the flies, this would've gotten a solid 3.5 based on price and food quality alone.
3	Not a bad option when you're hungry late and live around Chinatown. Ethan is one of those places that seemed to cater to the Western crowd. The place was packed when we arrived so we merely ordered takeout. I can't speak to the environment nor the service, but the food wasn't bad. We ordered roast pork and roast duck with rice. Both meats were cut very thick which I actually enjoyed. The portion size wasn't the greatest, but the meatiness of each cut made it seem much bigger. The roast pork had a great taste to it and the skin was very crisp. I enjoyed the thin layer of fat on each piece of meat and the little bit of sauce was enjoyable without being overpowering. The duck meat was just as good. I loved the thick cut pieces of roasted duck as the skin was just as crisp. The meat was big but the portion was a tad small. The duck meat had wonderful flavor to it and is always great with rice.Not bad for a takeout meal so I'm sure the food isn't bad dining in. Reading the other reviews, it seems that the whole ambiance of the place isn't the greatest, so maybe takeout is the better option of the two. I enjoyed the Chinese BBQ meal I got despite above average prices for it. I would come again if I'm craving late night Chinese BBQ.
2	the first time I went to this place it was opening day and as chaotic as the place was, the food was honestly WONDERFUL!!!!That was then. This time, the food was NOT great at all. Actually let me re-phrase, the peanutbutter dumplings entree was fantastic!! the main dishes were horrible. The "broth" in the chicken chow mein was a thick gloppy sauce (which I couldn't stomach to eat) and instead of chicken, I got an assortment of meats... chicken, shrimp, beef and duck... which isn't on mentioned in the discription on the menu. THe chicken fried rice has boiled rice, not fried and it pasty and tasteless.. I was NOT pleased.The only reason why this place gets 2 stars is because the peanut butter dumplings were wonderful.
2	Ethan is definitely not the best asian in the city - by any stretch of the imagination - but their congee is pretty darn good and they happen to be one of the rare spots in Mtl that make it. So if ever congee is what you're in the mood for, Ethan's the place for you!
4	CONGEE CONGEE CONGEE!I am a self-professed congee lover, especially with the century egg in it. There I said it. It's my go-to comfort food, and I will say that Ethan does congee well! You might be wondering what the difference is with other places. So here goes:1) Good amount of ginger slivers2) Nice consistency: not too thin, not to thick3) Good ratio of congee to side ingredients (ex. century egg)4) Always has chinese donuts available to go with itWhen I was child I knew I could spot a shop that served congee by whats hanging in the window. (The rack of bbq pork, crispy pork thing, bbq duck) and the first time I saw Ethan, I saw this, and it was congee love at first sight. :)
3	Restaurant Ethan is your run-of-the-mill quick Chinese restaurant with take-out roasted meats. The environment is clean and service was quick and friendly. Unlike some similar places, this restaurant offers clean plates and cutlery. I ordered the BBQ pork and roasted duck with rice. The BBQ pork was tasty and fatty(not the greatest in the world, but it is okay). The duck was equally as good. Side vegetables included bok choi, and sliced carrots and radish. Where they did disappoint me was the rice. Though cooked right, it was cold on the outside edges (like it had been sitting there with a draft for a while). Price-wise, it is very comparable with other restaurants nearby (under 10$). Overall, this place fulfills all the requirement to be a successful Chinese restaurant. However, located in the center of Chinatown where competition is fierce, it is hard to survive in this environment. Also, their take-out service is also very good. Bring home a variety of roasted meats to your family.
2	I went here with a friend and we are originally from the States. We came here after exploring Downtown Montreal. We were hungry and decided to eat at this nice-looking restaurant. The cheesy fries were ok and the honeydew milk tea. However, it was not worth the buck because both were small in proportion and we still had to find another restaurant after because we were still hungry. However, not knowing about the customs in Canada and thought that the tip had been paid for, as said on the receipt. This was not the case as this was a provincial tax. However, what stuck out about this restaurant was the rude staff. After coming out of the bathroom, my friend was waiting for me and the cashier had told him that I did not leave a tip. As previously mentioned I thought the receipt indicated that a tip had been given. But the fact that the cashier(not our waiter) had the AUDACITY to ask for a tip infuriated me. Tips are supposed to be optional and the cashier never served us in the first place. So why ask someone for a tip for a service you did NOT provide???
4	I was craving salt and pepper shrimps and my Chinese friend wanted a giant bowl of pho. However, we both had a short lunch break and we didn't want to go to a food court (where we usually have lunch) for Chinese food. Hence, she suggested we go there. I'll be clear about one thing: Service is not very good. Our waiter was particularly impatient. But thank goodness the food is good (yet not mind blowing). The salt and pepper shrimps came with a large bowl of rice and bok choy. The service was ridiculously fast and the price was the best: $7.50! I'm always a fan of full meals for less than $10. So to sum up: The food was better than in a food court, it was almost as fast as in a food court and the price was cheaper than in a food court. Only thing that isn't amazing is the service. But if you need a quick and cheap lunch, this is the place to go.
2	We were looking for a nice dumpling spot in Chinatoen and ended up settling for this place after a long walk. The host was very nice and quiet but helpful. The food came out at an average rate. It wasn't the best presentation but it was edible. The food was a little bland but it made us full. The WORST and most awful part of this experience was when we went to pay. We walked up to the cashier who was so incredibly rude. She demanded a minimum ten percent tip. We usually leave more, but her rude yelling resulted in exactly ten percent. Tip is optional and should not be forced upon the customers. After that she ended up yelling about something or other but my friend and I just walked out ecause of how offensive she was. If she wasn't there, the full experience would've been much more enjoyable.
1	Terrible, do not go here.After a few meals of heavy french food and high prices, we wandered over to chinatown for some cheap food we thought would be authentic.We ordered shrimp dumplings that were inedible. I spit them out. They tasted super fishy and not fresh. My friend had greens with oyster sauce which had remnants of a noodle dish in them. We did not eat the food and promptly left. If you have ever had decent chinese then you should not go here!
