4	Cute little Greek restaurant with lots of funky ambience. When we wandered in here for lunch we were the only patrons in the restaurant, but we found the food to be delicious. To begin your meal, you are offered a complimentary plate of toasted bread covered in olive oil along with a generous portion of tzatziki. I had the Greek salad, which was delicious served with several whole tomato slices and a generous amount of olives. My friend enjoyed the mousakka, which is their speciality. Our waiter, who I assume was the owner as well, was friendly and prompt. He didn't seem to speak French, however and spoke to us only in English. Prices are reasonable with most entrees in the $15 to $20 range.
3	Solid Greek food very authentic, good for a lunch or dinner.Souvlaki is good. The potato's and rice are a bit too much sides.Good Tsatziki as a starter. Use the leftover for your main course.Very Greek style interior.
2	Food is nothing special, no incentive to come back. The service was fine.... because we were the only guests there.
3	Solid Greek place- good size dishes, calamari was tender and there are smaller dishes for the kids.
4	Has become a personal favorite.Living in Burlington VT means that making a quick dash up to Montreal for a meal is a very do-able thing.  Going to the Acropolis Ouzerie is all the motivation I need to make the 90 minute journey.  I like this place because it is easy to find, there is plenty of street parking and boy is the food good.  As other reviewers have stated the portions are generous, the calamari is perfect and how can you go wrong with a free appetizer of grilled bread and  tzatziki?  On my most recent visit the female half of the husband/wife team that owns the restaurant was nice enough to visit with me and my dining companion.  We found out that our waitress was recently arrived from France and that was why our service was so, well European.  We actually dined here for two diners back in early June.  Dishes sampled included the Greek salad, calamari, lamb gyros, spinach pie and yogurt with honey.  All were rock solid and very yummy.  Believe me when I say it is worth the price of a passport or enhanced drivers' license to go here for a meal.
4	Came here with the old man last night for dinner after moving heavy stuff..way to work up an appetite! I had passed this place countless times but finally decided that on my very last night in Montreal, I was coming, no questions asked. The place is lovely. Lovely interior..like you're on a Greek island in the Aegean, full with statues, Greek bouzouki music, and Mediterranean feel. There is an upstairs area and the interior is quite roomy. We walked in and I was a little put off with how the woman who greeted us and showed us to our table didn't seem cheery or happy to be there. She kind of just looked at us and gestured towards our table. She did warm up to us as the evening went on though! So about the food, yeah, so...we ordered too much. Fried calamari for two..HUGE portion but very tasty! Also, stuffed grape leaves..melted in your mouth. Loved it. Portions are BIG, watch out! They give you A LOT of grilled bread! Ordered one of their wines, a sweet and pleasant Greek white wine. It is a bit pricey in general but I can tell that this is a family mom and pop business. It is important to support those, especially if they have good food!  All in all, a lovely and charming place. Very nice. I wish I had come sooner. If I come back to Montreal, I would try to come back!
3	Good Greek food, with several vegetarian options. While it was a little expensive, I did receive large portions. The atmosphere was nice and so was the service.
4	My family and I have been to this restaurant multiple times. The food is wonderful and if you chat up the owner and waitress they can be quite friendly and have great stories too!The first time we went there was only another seated table in the restaurant, which surprised us. But the next time we were there it was completely packed! The food is great, and speak to the owner and he will make you absolutely anything you desire. My sister asked for a caesar chicken salad, which was not on the menu and it was prepared delightfully no questions asked. I've order the spanikopita meal which was delicious, the mousaka is the best I've ever had, and their tzaziki is flavorful and goes wonderful with their grilled bread they give you. The only meal I wasn't too crazy about was the vegetarian pita, which would have been much better if there wasn't SO MUCH feta. All meals come with rice, potatoes, and salad. They are quite large and there is always left overs to take home.Overall this place is quite authentic and a small family business which is nice to support. It's much much better than the chain greek restaurants in the city.
4	Delicious fresh food, very authentically decorated. The Greek salad had a delicious fresh made dressing. Much better choice than a food chain. The waiter/owner was a very sweet man.
4	I ate there on a sunny day this week, and my-oh-my is the restaurant beautiful ! My friend said she felt like she was in Greece. I don't know about night, but I think this place looks a lot better in the daytime. The waiter/owner really loved to talk to us. From the moment we walked in, he would ask us about our day, where we're from, so on. And when we went up to pay, instead of taking our bills right away, he talked to us for what seemed like half an hour. I can see that he is really attentive to the satisfaction of his customers. He even gave us coffee with some alcohol (don't know the name) for free because some customers gave in a wrong order. I ordered the dolmades and spanokapita. Very good. There was an abundant amount of tzaziki on the table. Tzaziki always makes me happy ! It was my friend's first time having Greek food and she said she'd love to bring her brother next time. The only con (the reason I gave a 4) is that they don't have cheaper prices for lunch. Main meals are priced between $14-25 for lunch. At least they give large portions.
4	Nice traditional Greek restaurantNice familyTsazikiGreek saladBaklavaAsked for additional olive oil, average taste nothing special
5	This restaurant always exceeds.It is like a welcome from an old friend. Whenever in Montreal the Ouzerie is a must visit. Over the past weekend we dined twice here. Given the number of great restaurants in Montreal this is a true compliment given to the owners and staff. The calamari, for us, is a standard from which we always start. The cocktail sauce served with the fried calamari is a tomato based sauce with an undertone of sweetness. It's great. Other dishes sampled included the house special moussaka, gyro platter, spanakopita, Greek salad and their famous and to die for tzatziki. This comes complimentary with grilled bread that has been rubbed with garlic and brushed with olive oil. It is served as an appetizer. All in all we have always looked forward to dinning here and look forward to many more future meals here.
2	Not my favorite.  It was decent but I've had much better.  The Fried Calamari was so greasy and underseasoned.  It was really bad.  We did enjoy the Saganaki and the Sangria.
4	Certainly the best Greek food I've had outside Greece. Fresh ingredients, freshly prepared and about as unpretentious as it gets. Had good chats with the owner though he was a little grumpy at first!
4	Stopped by for lunch today. Chose the moussaka and an espresso. The moussaka was incredible! The owner, Dmitri, is very friendly. I will be back.
