3	Duners Pizza is in the new Laveen Village Market Place which we have been lusting after since they first started pushing dirt around.  And a local pizza place was the stuff of dreams because - can you believe this - Pizza Hut doesn't deliver out here!!!!  I'm 10 minutes S of downtown in a new house surrounded by hundred of new houses, and Pizza Hut doesn't deliver!  Ok, so letting that go... Anyhow Duners DOES deliver.  First time we ate there we went in to check it out.  It was a nice little "family run" feeling kinda of joint.  Service was young, but all nice.  We had a basic pizza and soda.  It was good.  Not amazing or great, but good.  About a month later we ordered delivery - oh so excited to do so.  It was... not so great.  It was different enough that we actually wondered if they'd changed ownership or something.  We checked and they hadn't.  So, after 2 tries, I'm giving it a 3 star. If my next few visits are like the delivery, it's getting bumped to 2.  Come on Duners!  Don't let us down!
3	I have lived in Laveen my entire life and it still trips me out to know that there used to be a field where this place now stands! Duners Pizza was one of the things my family was excited to try. And when it finally opened, it was fantastic!!I loved the thin crust and spicy pepperoni... and then something happened... they must have changed the way they made their pie because it's no longer paper thin and their pepperoni now tastes... ordinary. Unfortunatly, they don't deliver to the rez. :( but they do to most of Laveen which is so WEIRD!! lol! I'm used to it now. ha ha!I like their double pepperoni with extra sauce and black olives. Best pizza on earth! :) and their hot wings are a lil mild for me. I wish they had CRAZY hot or suicide wings because that'd probably be the only way I'd get a nice chili-buzz! I recommend the Hot Wing Sauce instead of ranch or blue cheese! :)
3	Duner's pizza is adequate, I think Papa John's or Venezia's blows them away but Duner's will do in a pinch. It is a small mom and pop joint with only a few tables inside, mostly it is a order to go joint. Their subs are pretty good and they are really big. They would do a lot better if they would hire people of legal age that had manners. Everytime I have went in there is some kid standing behind the counter popping his gum and text messaging and looking to bored to take my order. I never get to say anything sarcastic while waiting for him to finish his texts for fear of spit in my pizza. I used to always buy dough balls there but they won't sell them to me anymore, new policy blah blah blah..
1	poor service rounded out with poor quality pizza make this a place to stay away...not recommended... go to a pizza hut or dominoes near by because this place will leave you spending 45 bucks for 1 awful pizza, 24 soggy wings and a wilted salad
4	I'm going out on a limb here and give this place a 4. Why? Because I think there pizza is very good, when they are not busy. Now, when they get busy the crust begins to be soggy in the center. However, I like their crust because it has a light, soft, fluff to it.  The price is a bit high but its better than Dominos and Pizza Hut, which I don't like either. I think the wings have improved yet not as satisfying. (I'm still looking for the best wings)  My favorite pizza is the Duners Supreme which has olives, pepperoni, sausage (crumbles), mushrooms, green peppers, white onions. OOOHHHH SOOO YUMMY!The dining area is small but I think its all about the take-home. Its probably a good place to have lunch, though.Since they don't deliver to the REZ, I would happily work for them and extend the service to the REZ. (That's if I needed a job. But I'm good for now)
3	I have not ate their pizza since my discovery of another pizza place, pizza is better than the crap from papa johns, dominos ect. it's also better than the native new yorker arcoss the street. the suace it a little sweet for my liking but i would eat it again.
1	I might go there again, but I really don't need crappy pizza that badly.  I was initially excited that we had a quality independent pizza place nearby, but Duner's is nothing of the sort.  By making chitchat with the staff, I learned that none of them have ever met the owners, which no longer surprised me after trying the truly mediocre food that I took home.  If this were an owner-run establishment, I'd like to think it would be quite different.
5	I'm write this update because I think its crappy that Duners has the same rating as many of the pizza places down central between baseline and broadway. Duners is better that any pizza hut, dominoes, papa johns or little Cesars. Look you might not think duners is awesome, heck i don't But its better than these big box pizza joints and the rating should reflect as such.
2	I guess I'm just being a big softy, in that I'm revising my review of Duner's to reflect that it is indeed better than Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Little Ceasar's -- our only other nearby options.  But that's like saying, please shoot me in the leg rather than the gut or the head.That said, I think my expectations of pizza are rising with age.  If this were near my college apartment, I probably would have loved Duner's.  They do have crap beer on tap, which is a great accompaniment to crappy za......  and they achieve their stated mission of making and selling food that is edible.  Bravo, Duners!
3	It's ok.  But we don't have many choices.The other day I ordered a pizza for pickup.  When I got home I found out the order was wrong.  They didn't offer to bring me a new pizza or offer to give me a credit.    I wonder if they thought it was my fault for not checking the pizza before I left to store?  Either way, thought it was a strange customer service approach...For the record, the pizza wasn't bad.
4	Great pizza and wings...  the spicy special sandwich is pretty good but they always seem to be out of bread.  wtf!
4	Ok first of all if you dine in, and I suggest that you do, they have really cool booths and TV. Small dining room, but in my opinion they have better pizza and wings than Native New Yorker. Not that is a big feat, but here in Laveen we don't set the bar too high as we are greatful we have any sit down restaurants. Anyway, they normally have a wing and pizza deal and it is best enjoyed there, where it is warm. They don't have the best customer service and you have to get your own refills, but it is very enjoyable for a location in Laveen. If you order it and pick it up, they are not always accurate on their timeline they give you, so show up early and wait, or show up on time and risk having a cold pizza. Our family likes it and you should give it a try.
4	Their pizza has gotten better with time.  When they first opened the crust was not very good, toppings were low budget, and their ranch for the wings were even worse.  They have improved in almost every area.  The pizza is a step below NYPD which is the best pizza in the valley in my mind (take out the brick oven places).  Their wings are actually really good and the ranch is great.  The pizza is the typical NY thin crust and the toppings are fresh.  No canned mushrooms here.  They also have a couple of different beers on tap if that is your thing.If you are in the mood for a decent pie and are in Laveen Duners is your place.**Update**For those that have given Duners a bad review should know that it was sold a year ago to another pizza place called Grandpa's Pizza.  The sign still says Duners but it is a Grandpa's and if you reviewed Duners/Grandaps prior to 2010 you might want to give them another try.
1	Really don't know why I come here.  Rude and unfriendly service every time, especially the older short heavy lady.  This place needs to go out of business to make room for a better joint.
