5	Vegas is a town full of massage therapists.  Honestly, you can open a phone book, throw a dart and hit one and for the most part, they're all okay.  But I have to say that Vegas Bodyworks is NOT okay.  Vegas Bodyworks is AMAZING.  Because they are not about massage therapy; they are about healing.  I have been going to Rebecca for YEARS and her knowledge of the human body- how it moves, how it recovers, how the muscle fibers adjust, it has never ceased to amaze me that one person has so much knowledge AND compassion. Rebecca's knowledge of the various massage disciplines allows her to help her clients find the right modality for what they need to get their bodies back on track.  I find so few Ashiatsu practitioners that it's nice to have one in my backyard.
5	Wow Rebecca brings a whole new set of eastern techniques to the table. I can tell she has researched her craft thoroughly. My mind and body are blown away by how I feel afterwards. I've had a lot of massages from a lot of different places and she is truly the best. She's affordable too. Go for 90 minutes and it will actually end up being 2 hours of uninterrupted bliss.
5	After relocating from the East Coast and years of twice monthly Thai massage, I had all but given up finding a Thai massage therapist in the Las Vegas area.  Fortunately, I happened upon Rebecca Day, and have been going to her twice a month ever since.  While Rebecca can provide a wide selection of massage treatment approaches, depending upon your specific needs, because of early athletic knee injuries and long hours working at the computer my QOL is best served by her application of the Ashi-Thai techniques.  Rebecca is an exceptional massage therapist who is charismatic, caring, and will work out a treatment plan best suited to your individual needs. An unbeatable combination.
5	I've first started going to Rebecca when I 9 months pregnant. .. ever since than I don't go to anyone else...  i followed her were ever she went!!! She is truly the best at what she does every time I call she knows that it's me and treats me like friend not customer and I love that about her! !!  Thank you so much for being there and helping every time I'm in pain. ..
5	Rebecca is very talented. Don't take her size for granted she has very strong hands. I'm a bigger guy but she had no trouble making sure she got every knot out. Took her time and made sure that I had the full relaxing experience. She came recommended as where I will recommend her to others.
5	All time favorite spot for a massage. Rebecca is always the best that keeps you coming back. She genuinely cares to do the best work and never skimps on anything.
5	As a marathoner and triathlete, massage is the great equalizer in keeping me healthy and injury free. I have a very high standard for massage therapy and Rebecca always delivers.  I'll hobble in from a week of tough workouts and walk out feeling good as new. I feel lucky to have found such a talented and fantastic massage therapist.
5	Quite possibly the best massage I have ever received!The experience is much more than a simple massage, but an entire mind, body and soul relaxation. Rebecca is dedicated to her craft and it is exemplified through her extensive knowledge and talent. She is the only provider I found which practices, and is certified in, Ashiatsu massage.
5	I have learned in the past few years that massage can be helpful while training for triathlon or a running race, but I've never felt the need to spend the money staying consistent. Rebecca has surely changed all that.  She makes a huge difference for me every time I come in and is worth a ton more than she charges.  When I have gotten a massage with her prior to an event, I always feel better during the race and have a lot more fun!!  She definitely cares about her clients and how they are feeling.  She is amazing!
5	Rebecca is the best hands down!! I have been to her several times and received the "cupping" procedure,deep tissue and when she walks on your back it is amazing. I guarantee you will go back after seeing her for the 1st time. The other great thing about her is that she lives by her work so your getting someone that knows and cares about what there doing. Your wasting your time and money by going anywhere else :))
