5	This place is NOT closed!  I just went there last night, to my great pleasure.  I was looking for freshly made Aguas Frescas like I'd had at a little place near my mothers at Alma School and Ray Rd that had closed.  This place had it and I got a giaiant 32 oz container of Cantalope flavored for $2.50.  It was SO  delicious and refreshing!  You white eople don't know what youre missing.  The place was packed with Spanish speaking people who know a good thing when they taste it.  I felt a little out of place but didn't care.  It was worth the wait in line and the embarrassement of not understanding what was being said around me.  A couple of people answered questions for me in line so I knew what to say when it was my turn.  They even give you samples of the ice cream and drinks.  While I was waiting I got aoout a litttle pad of paper and wrote down all the words I didn't know on the menu to look up later.  Here is what I found out:Nieve=snow (very finely shaved ice that absorbs the flavor rather than just sitting in it).Liquidos= fruit and milk blended, a Mexican Smoothie.  Elotes=Corn on the cob--on a stick. Chamoyades=pickled fruit. (Shaved ice with fruit syrup, mango, tamarind, lime or pineapple, drizzled with hot sauce, chamoy, lime juice, plus chili powder and salt).  It is sometimes served with pickled pig skin on top.Raspado=Shaved ice.Paletas=Popsicles made with fruit.Esquimades=Eskimo pies.Jugos=JuiceFresas (or Fresas cn Crema)=Strawberries (with cream)Duros-Spicy "wagon Wheel" crispy chipsTostiloco=Nachos with lots of stuff on them                   (Tostilocos:*1 cut open bag Salsa Verde Tostitos*Jicama*Lime juice squeezed over top*Salt and Cayenne Pepper*Tamarind (very, very sour fruit)*Fried Peanuts, Japanese Peanuts*Cucumber*Chamoy (hot sauce, kind of sugary)*Salsa Picante)http://www.flickr.com/photos/guppieluv/2055355301/Escamoches=Mixed fruit with granola, etc (theres more to it than that)I probably will have to refine these definitions as I do more research and taste more items but this is a start.
2	The counter lady was uber nice, letting the three of us sample the ice cream flavors.  The rum raisin was my favorite, but the textures from the ice cream consistantly was a little gummy.  And the bright food colorings reminds me of being at a happy circus but, perhaps in my old age, I prefer things a little more au natural.
2	Um, I'm not white but I still didn't like this place, at least not the ice cream. The lady at the counter was really nice and let us taste a few flavors to see which one we wanted which I hate to say were not very good. They each had a weird texture, kind of gummy and grainy like the ice cream was not smooth. It had a grainy appearance and tasted okay but like I said it was not the greatest. They have several other things on their menu: nachos, banana splits, fresas eon crema, jugos naturales, shaved ice, aguas frescas, elotes, chamoyadas, raspado, duros, candies, paletas, etc. You can't miss the place because it is painted in happy colors with sweets on the outside of the shop. When you walk in everything is pink and blue striped which I love since I love kawaii things and there is a strong smell of sugar in the air which I loved! I think I will give this place one more try before I pass completely.
1	I'm sorry, but if you want crappy quality paletas (fruit or fruit/cream bars) and or sugary "fruit" aguas frescas and or ice cream that has collected ice all week, you will enjoy this place.I've been here twice now and both times left disappointed.  Their paletas, though they carry the name of coconut, strawberries, ect, barely even list some of the fruit on their ingredient list - essentially their flavoring comes from the last ingredient you will likely always find on their paletas: "artificial flavorings; artificial colors"  That is not what a paleta is about!  When my mom made us paletas as kids, she would use all fruit and milk ingredients.... Of course I'm comparing a home-made paleta to a factory-made paleta (see my Betty's review to understand how they make them right).The ice cream, also colorful (probably with artificial flavors and colors) has had that freezer film on the top when I've ordered it and they are not even worth it.  Their aguas frescas are the same - sugary and have the hint of fruit in them but heavily rely on sugar to make you enjoy them.I'm sorry, but me thinks not.  You're better off making your own aguas frescas (which, btw, is hella easy) and making your own paletas... or just going to Paletas Betty where she uses REAL fruit.
5	This place has the BEST paletas everrrrr. They beat out Betty's paletas in downtown Chandler.
4	I had been eyeing this place for a year. The friendly signage made me think that it would be good, but with the bounty of "gourmet" paletas in Phoenix I drove past it hundreds of times and never stopped. I finally did and I was rewarded with a delicious variety. The decor is what you expect for a hole in the wall and service was nothing special.
5	Love it! Creamy ice cream...with real ingredients..fresh fruit! Great staff...bilingual and always helpful!
4	This ain't your Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone, and that's why you come here.Drop in, ask to try their delicious ice cream, or are you feeling like a churro?  It's REALLY hot outside.  Even more the reason to park, run in, be attended to quickly, run back out with your tasty choice.  It is colorful and kids would really dig this place (ADULTS TOO)The horchata was excellente...
