5	This show kicks some MAJOR ASS!!!! michael johns is a charismatic, fast paced, quick thinking hypnotist/ comedian that has one hell of an over-the-top, lightning quick, take no prisoners retort to pretty much every situation!! he is worth EVERY cent you will pay to see him!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM!!!! seriously, he's not that expensive and it's about 2-2 and a half hour of PURE laughs!!!
5	This is one amazing show! my boyfriend was on stage and I enjoyed watching! Just as the previous review said I "HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM" too because he is amazing, funny and its a great show and at a very reasonable price! I promise you'll love it as much as I did!
5	This show was HILARIOUS! My husband and I loved every minute of it. We've been recommending this show to quite a few people since we've seen it. You'll laugh your butt off! Check it out!
5	Now I was sketchy when my girlfriend got tickets to this show. I am not a fan of hypnosis or mind tricks. Well we got there and the host was outside. This guy will talk to you and he will treat you how you treat him. Anyway so we went inside and the show was awsome!!!  I will not reveal much more but I do recommend this show even if you are nervous about it. The laughs that are made by this guy will quickly get you feeling at home. One word that set me off: Moist.
5	I was laughing nonstop for over an hour.  Loved loved loved it.  Definitely watch the show.  It is extremely dirty so don't go if you can't handle it.
3	This is just pure entertainment.  I don't actually believe any of this hypnosis-stuff but I enjoyed Michael Johns and his humor.  Yes, it is a little-raunchy, but I have a twisted sense of humor so this was right up my alley!For his show, he asks for 13 volunteers from the audience.  If it appears one of the volunteers isn't cooperating with his game, he will send them back in the audience to watch.  I guess, he doesn't want anyone to make him look back.  I can understand that.Tanysha W volunteered as it was her birthday and I am sure it was her idea to attend this show, as well.  She didn't seem to be under a trance but she looked well rested, yet alert of her surrounding.  As I type this, I guess this is what hypnosis is all about, eh?In the end, it was "something to do" and my sister and I still enjoyed ourselves.  Will I ever attend this or any other hynosis show?? Only if the money doesn't come out of my pocket.
