2	My husband  and I ate here last night with 5 other people, a first trip to this restaurant for all of us, prior to attending an event at Heinz Hall.  Unfortunately, our experience was not good, mostly because of very slow, uneven and unprofessional service.  Our server told us she was new and she was friendly and tried hard, but our appetizers and dinners all arrived at different times, as much as 30 minutes after ordering for one of us, whose appetizer never came until the rest of us were almost finished with the entrees.  Even the soups for 2 of us arrived late, and you'd think this wasn't an item requiring much last minute effort in the kitchen.  Most of us thought the food was fairly good, but my petite fillet was very tough-I would be surprised if it actually was a fillet cut of beef.  At about $60 a couple with only one beer or wine apiece, and primarily appetizers with no desserts,  this  was not good value, and the service was about as bad as I've ever experienced.  We all felt sorry for the over-worked and undertrained new server.
5	AWESOME FOOD!This place carries a bad rep from previous owners, but it definitely deserves reconsideration and better reviews.I never knew they served food until I tried their burger at ThePittsBurgher burger competition at the Casino. It was delicious... it also won first place.I then went onsite to introduce some friends to the burger, but the owner insisted I try the chicken tenders for my first time. Hands down the best chicken I have ever experienced.I went to one of their wing-nights. Delicious- the best breading on wings!I return to dine and drink on a regular basis.
1	Um, how did the other reviewers get food????J and I went in on a Friday night with a WPXI half off deal.  We were ready to engulf ourselves in burgers and beers for at least $50 worth. Instead, I went to the bar and asked for a menu since there was no one else working in the place besides the one bartender on a Friday night.  She gave me a tiny happy hour menu.  I said, no, I'd like the dinner menu.  She said they weren't serving food besides happy hour.  I said, right now or ever?  She said ever.  They were getting new menus printed and weren't serving food.  She did not tell me when they would be done or what else I should get.  I told her that I had a coupon.  She smiled and said nothing. Since WPXI won't get back to me about returning the half off deal - if only I could write a review on that - we will be returning for drinks and happy hour, but I will not be spending a cent more than the coupon. Who doesn't serve food when you advertise that you are the best burger in the city?
1	Ok, so I haven't eaten here, but was really surprised that I couldn't find menus on their website! There was absolutely no reasons provided why they couldn't be accessed and no indications for when they will be available.I received a City Diner Coupon for $10 off a $30 minimum purchase and thought it was a pretty good deal. You are going to advertise about the greatness of your restaurant, say that you are the hottest new spot in downtown, offer coupons about your food specialties, and don't include a menu on your website? And then provide no additional communication informing new and repeat customers what's going on? Really? What a major branding fail.I'll check back on Yelp to see if Melange gets it together, but just from these first initial impressions, I'm going to pass.
