1	This place sucks. We had a reservation for 3 manis and pedis 3 weeks in advance. 2 of us got in while the 3rd had to sit and wait for the other 2 to be completely done. They are really rough. They push your cuticles too far deep. They don't clean up around the nail when the polish goes over. All our polish had bubbles underneath. Overall horrible experience. Never again.
5	I found the ladies where friendly and very willing to please. The place is clean and the atmosphere is cheerful. Many choices of polish. Would recommend to friends and family.
5	I love this place, they have new management. They do what you ask and are very friendly.
5	I have been using their services for about a year now. I love Sandy. She is so vey nice and does incredible job on my nails. I have problem with ingrown toenails. Sandy is very gentle and patient. I would highly recommend this place.
1	Not a happy client. The gals were nice enough, the first one I had didn't speak much English but she was super nice.I just moved into town and chose this sight because of it's location to my home. I went on Wednesday last week to get an acrylic fill. I noticed an added step that my old gal didn't even do and I also noticed that this gal didn't use a base coat on my nails. I've never had a nail place skip the step of a base coat (however, THIS is not the cause of my score of a '1'.The next morning, one of the nails chipped - a great big chip of acrylic came off. I had an event over the weekend and really didn't want to go like that, so stopped by and asked them to repair. Which they did at no cost, which I greatly appreciate.They next day I noticed more chips, at this point I am 8 days past my initial nail appointment and I have 4 nails that are fully intact - and the color are those are wearing at the tip (which is a result of an inexpensive top coat).I will not be going back.(they are moving from the Fry's strip mall to the Target/PetCo strip mall)
5	I took my mom here on her birthday to get gel-mani/ pedi. Upon entering there was a 20% off all services sign and that put an extra big smile on my face. Everything looked brand new and the space was HUGE and well decorated. Everyone was very nice and skillful. We had such a good time and loved our nails after! If we get our nails done in Fountain Hills again, we will be going to this place!
