5	I decided to try botox here because a friend of mine said it was a great place.  She was right.  I had botox at a couple of other places and it was fine.  However, someone told me that the "quality" of the botox could be a bit compromised and that is why places give you deals or sell the units cheaper.  I think that is true because it's been a couple of weeks now and my eyes look better than they have in a long time despite the previous injections at other places.  I asked for Lisa per my friends advice, and she was wonderful.  She took time with me and told me that if I wasn't happy, or didn't feel it was enough, to call in a couple of weeks and she would add more or fix it.  I don't need that though; I am extremely happy.  The cost was acutally very reasonable and worth every penny.  I thought I was going to stick to another place, but I have changed my mind and will make this my new "botox home".  Thanks Ahwatukee Skin, and thanks Lisa!
5	I love this place! I see Heather & I have been seeing her for a little over a year. I have cystic acne and she has done a great job of helping me improve my skin. Heather really takes the time to listen and look at things from a holistic approach, taking into consideration all of your medical history. Heather is a complete perfectionist and when dealing with the skin that is what you want.  She also takes into consideration cost and freely gives out samples and coupons (I have found that you can just call the office & ask if they have coupons available and they will hold them for you to pick up or mail them to you). Heather takes the time to write out what you should be using in the AM and the PM which is extremely helpful.Also the Esthetician, Carmen, accepts medical insurance so it really can help you save money on the cost of a facial. I cannot say enough good things about this place!!
5	Sarah Neumann has won the award for the best physicians assistant in 2012. Her office and practice have also won the best dermatology practice in 2012.  I have known Sarah for over 15 years .She's  is so knowledgeable about her practice .  Sarah is very compassionate about making sure that her patients understand how to take care of themselves.  She spends a lot of time with her patients.  I am so blessed that when I made an appointment so many years ago the doc couldn't see me, and I got to see Sarah.  I live on the other side of the valley, but will follow her where she goes.
5	I know - 5 stars?  Yes.  Front office staff is very helpful, efficient and friendly.  They all seem to really love working in the office and it show.  I have been a patient of Sarah's for several years - even before she moved to her own practice.  She has diagnosed and treated all of my crazy weird skin allergies - including one that puzzled two medical doctors! She took the initiative to test me for reactions to dental products when no allergist would.  She is aggressive in treating my precancerous AK and expresses a true interest in me personally.  My teen daughters are treated by the office as well and have beautiful skin now.  I know that Sarah thinks of her patients outside of regular appointments - she has sent me articles she researched on her own time for my before-mentioned weird skin allergies.  She truly loves what she does and it shows!
1	This is the first Yelp review under four stars I have ever given a business.  I have a common skin condition called tinea versicolor that I needed treatment for.  I looked online for local dermatolagists and noticed that Ahwatukee Skin and Laser received excellent reviews, so I scheduled an appointment at their office.  The doctor was very nice, looked at my condition, confirmed the diagnosis, and prescribed me medication for it.  During my visit, she asked if she could take a quick look at my back for any unusual freckles.  She noticed one that seemed abnormal, so she asked me if she could take a quick sample of it, so I said "sure".  When I my visit was over, I aksed if I needed to do anything else other than pay my co-pay, and was told I was all set.  Several months later, I received a bill for a $100.00 - the office billed my insurance company for a "minor surgery" when the doctor took a sample of my freckle, and now I had to pay out of pocket for it.  I asked why I wasn't informed of this during my visit - their front office personnel told me this was "standard practice".  I don't know about you, but I like to know the cost of a product or service before I agree to purchase it.  Now, I just received a bill for "NO SHOW" to an appointment that I never scheduled.  Apparently, the office personnel scheduled my appointment a full year in advance without notifying me and notified me by voicemail two days prior to my appointment.  It took the office staff over three months to respond to my initial inquiry and now they are wanting to charge me all late fees on my bill.  Not a happy customer.
5	This was my first visit and I have to say that from the moment I walked in to the moment I left my appointment it was 5 star rating. My doctor Heather  was so patient when I discussed my medical history with her. As far as my exam Heather was very thorough and delicate I was very comfortable.I would highly highly recommend this dermatology office to anyone .
1	The office canceled appointments on the day of service twice. Very rude service, will not return.
1	WORSE WORSE WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE IN THE UNIVERSE!  Lisa in the front office billing is as rude as they come.  I called for a brief Q & A regarding my bill.  I could not even explain my situation before being repeatedly cut off and told it did not matter what I thought, the bill is what I owed.  WHAT?  I asked to talk to the manager and someone else got on the phone and did not even ask me what the situation was.  She just stated that she heard what Lisa told me and that was correct.  When I asked if I could explain my concern she told me no, call your insurance company.  Further more, when I took my son in for an appointment, they told me to come back for a follow up...I waited 45 minutes for them to put us in a room, come in and tell us we were good to go.  WHAT????  You did not even do anything???  They asked us to pay the office visit and they would bill our insurance company.  FOR WHAT???  TOTAL SCAM services here and no pleasant way around this...business must be good because they certainly do not need mine and they padded the bill and did NOTHING to justify what they charged me for. You know that funny feeling you get when you are in an office as a new customer that you just can;'t put your finger on it...NEXT TIME...i'll go with my gut.  Ridiculous.  Making money hand over fist by over charging and under delivering.  They should be ashamed for the way they do business.  ROTTEN.  I'd go anywhere but here for this type of services.
