5	Unique and authentic stuffed "pies" from Venezuela. Delicious.I recommend the ham and cheese filled cachitos. So yummy. You think you've tried foods of the world? You must try these. Plus the staff is very friendly and helpful. Essayez quelque chose de nouveau. Yum.
5	This Cafe/Restaurant should make any Venezuelan proud of their food. The Cachitos are not only extremely good, but a true representation of the Venezuelan ones. I would actually say that they are even better than some cachitos you would find in Venezuela itself.I would recommend this to anyone for any occasion at any time. Please try the Jugo de Papelon con Limon.Thanks to the staff and Liliana for the service they gave us, and also for making us Venezuelans in Canada proud of our origins and food.
5	Cachitos are delicious, and the owners have created a beautifully designed and immaculate space. I had the guava and cheese cachito, and it was a fantastic combination. If you're looking for something new and different for a light breakfast or lunch, this is a must-visit.
5	Wow, very glad my girl found this place. Their bagels are amazing. They cook them perfectly and have so many varieties inside, you will fine what you crave for sure. It is a very small shop but you can tell they love what they do. trust them when they make a recommendation for you.
4	I saw a lot of good reviews on Yelp and bookmarked it before we went to Montreal. Its a great little place. Very tasty. Its good for breakfast and snack as its not suited for anything else. They have couple of tables inside and outside. I had cheese and chicken with some sort of pastry...very different and tasty. Very friendly owners..they seems to be very busy during early afternoon...snack time...I recommend it. You have to try..
5	Was walking around the area and found this...well worth it! Reasonable prices, and extremely filling! The cachitos are absolutely incredible.
5	Delicious! And super energetic owners/employees. Lovely little shop with cachitos* and pastries. They don't hesitate to make suggestions - my spinach and ricotta was scrumptious, warm, and perfect with whatever small dipping sauce they provided. Love that the same pastries come in both bite size and regular size (my lemon tart was the perfect sweet tangy finish). 'twas a great recommendation (the lady told me her favorite & the best selling goods). Also, there's wifi that works, ac, good coffee, & a chill vibe. Makes me want to study here despite being on vacation. Oh, and did I mention that they were on the front page of montreal's gazette today?! Made me smile to see how stoked they were! Happiness is contagious. *Cachito - [kah-chee-toh] a small horn shaped bread native to Venezuela, that is traditionally filled with ham or cheese
4	We stayed at a hotel about two blocks away. Found this spot through Yelp. Awesome for breakfast. Neighborhood appears unsafe so I wouldn't recommend walking during off-peak hours. There are homeless people here and there. Avoid eye contact! Once you entered the establishment, all is well. Friendly staff. We never had a cachitos so the server sliced sample pieces for us. It was delicious. Small pastries with different kind of fillings and cheese in it. Sorta like a empanada. For $3.50, it is a pretty damn good deal. We tried the beef and the chorizo. Both of them are good. The pastry part is warm and soft, cheese is just the right amount without overpowering the meat, and the meat is well seasoned. It comes with a mayo garlic type sauce. Done. Good for breakfast. Good for afterwork snack. Get it with a cup of coffee. Will definitely return...
5	I went into this with medium expectations. How amazing could a cachito be? Well, the answer is...super amazing! We tried the ham and cheese. So soft and warm. Great treat to go! Really friendly staff, as well. Good value for something so tasty.
5	It is one of the best pastry shops I have ever been to.  The staff are friendly, the atmosphere is welcoming, and the cachitos are delicious!  I went to this place because of the reviews on Yelp, and I have to say it has lived up to its reputation.
4	My trip to Montreal may have ended and I am no longer in the area, but fond memories of my brunch at Cachitos keep playing over and over again in my head.  They have excellent customer service, welcoming you and offering a sample as soon as you walk through the door, enticing you to order.  I ordered the Combo that comes with 2 cachitos (I chose beef and the Spinach-Ricotta), a lentil soup and a beverage.  Everything was really good.  The lentil soup will literally warm you from the inside out.  I really liked the Spinach-Ricotta cachito, but the beef one was a bit dry.   You definitely need the mayo sauce they give you on the side for dipping.  The above fed two of us and we were quite happy-full.   With an extra order of a caffe and a bite-sized dulce de leche cupcake, our bill rang us up to only $13 for all of this deliciousness!  Seating is limited, so you may have to have a backup plan to take out in case all the tables and chairs are filled.
2	Looked interesting and so we decided to hit it up with a bunch of friends.  Saw the rave reviews on Yelp and sure enough--it was good.  But it's just cheese in a pastry.  Nothing special.  They're pretty small too.  I paid 13$ for two cheese in pastries.  But hey, it seemed authentic and the owners were friendly.  Really, I just expected more.
5	We went here twice in the week we were visiting Montreal and had a great experience both times. The staff was friendly and welcoming from the moment you walk through the door, all smiles and speaking french, english , and spanish! The cachitos are prepped and baked fresh here and they consist of a super soft long roll stuffed with delicious fillings like chorizo, ground beef, chocolate, or chicken and cheese...we had all of the above and enjoyed every single bite! They also have great pastries, smoothies,and coffee. This is a cute little shop with a few seats inside in a bit of a sketchy area but not unsafe in any way. They seem to appeal to both business men/women & also the local construction workers...I am guessing because it's fresh, quick, delicious, and served with a great attitude from a happy crew.
4	Cachitos are delicious sandwhich-like snacks! Although small compared to what I expected, they are great for tasting various flavors in one sitting. The salmon as well as their cheese cachitos are simply delicious.I believe the staff is partly composed of family members and they were not only very informative about their unique product, but they also were a delight to talk to. I would highly recommend you give this place a try, especially since, as far as I know, there is no other place to get Cachitos in Montreal!
5	Every single morning of our trip to Montreal, we visited Cachitos. They are the best new thing I have tried, so savory but yet sweet depending on the ones you try. My favorite were the spinach and ricotta and the chorizo. The owners and staff members are very knowledgeable and friendly, we were given a sample of their Cachitos when we first found the place, as well as their pure sugar cane sweet lemonade. Delicious. I really hope Carmen and Lilliana make a move down to New York City, because I would be in there every morning for one.
5	First of all let me say that this was one of the most pleasant surprises of Montreal. The store itself is quaint and run by very friendly staff. The staff were helpful and eager to let us try samples before buying. The food itself is all homemade and each different cachito is delicious. The drinks are also refreshing and scrumptious. Definitely a must have when visiting Montreal. Love it!
4	though the concept is fairly new for me...cachitos was a pleasant experience...we went there on consecutive days during our montreal visit...sugar cane lemonade...and the coffee...were to die for...very friendly staff...the best part is they do not cook them in bulk and store it for display...at any time u can find a max of three cachitos of a kind...you have to wait for 10 mins to get a fresh batch and its totally worth the wait...they have close 10 different varietals on the offer including the savory and sweet kind...hot melting cheese with meat/veggies on the inside  inside with the soft bread and a nice bake crunch on the outside.
4	In-house chorizo is definitely worth while.  Cafechito coffee with condensed milk is a real treat.  Americans may think they see a bagel-dog, but they need to realize that this bread is perhaps 75% baguette, 15% croissant (some kind of butter or egg white on the exterior), and 10% magic.  We liked the art hanging on the restaurant walls, so the proprietors asked us to see the murals on the downstairs walls. Cachitos takes "gracious" and "charming" to the next level.  Nowhere in Montreal did I see anyone cooler than the guy with the Stetson hat, Oakley sunglasses, biker's leather jacket, and a kilt.
4	These things are delicious. We came both days that we were in Montreal during our last stay. There's quite a few different flavours, and they are in the $3-4 range. I think one per person is good for bfast. We shared a few different types and all were good. Tastes kind of like a cross between a croissant and a pretzel I'd say. Staff is friendly. Accepts credit
5	Wasn't sure what to expect, never had Venezuelan food before - this was incredible though. Spectacularly well prepared, very friendly staff, and the Frappes are a pleasantly great surprise. Lots of vegetarian options, the soup was good, and if you come between 11-15:00 you can get two cachitos, a drink, and soup for $9. Not bad at all and well worth the price!
4	I wasn't sure what to expect but went there anyway since it had such good reviews. It's a small family business and the cachitos are all freshly baked. The food was delicious and well worth the price. Very friendly staff (we got free drinks!).
5	Cachitos is fabulous!! As soon as you enter in the place, you get to smell freshly baked bread. It smells even better than in all the other bakeries. Then, the super friendly staff will explain you what is a cachito - a sort of baguette filled with cheese, or meat, etc. So much better than anything I could have expected. Perhaps because it was late and the afternoon and I was very hungry, but it was really one of the most delicious thing I've got to eat in my life. And by the way, their coffee is awesome!! ;)
4	I wish we had this in Toronto! Came here for a quick breakfast on two days out of our four day trip to Montreal. Staff was friendly and cachitos were freshly made. Smoothies were good too!
