5	Initially it was a bit scary to me but once I got used to being up in the air it was a breeze (pun not intended).  I booked the flight for myself and hubs and for a moment it looked as if it wasn't going to happen due to rain coming into Phoenix.  Of all the times!!!  We were called and asked if we wanted to change the date but we couldn't so it was left to see if the original date and weather would cooperate.  They did!Kevin is a hoot which made for a great ride.  Very professional but also fun which helped when I was still nervous.  He explained many things about ballooning and its history and what things we were floating over (beware the jumping cholla cactus) and even told us there was an app for wind currents (which proves there is an app for every thing!). Our ride was a sunrise one and it was amazing to see the sun come over the mountains and watch the other balloons that were also flying that day to inflate and rise. But our ride rocked as his will only carry up to 4 people plus him unlike the others which looked like egg crates full of people - they can carry up to 14 at a time some of them. As it turned out it was just us and Kevin so it was fantastic.  Seeing the world from 5000 feet in the air in a basket is something else!!!!  If you want an experience to cross off your Bucket List or for a special occasion - I highly recommend Kevin.  You will not regret it and like me will want to do it again!
5	So fun!! Worth ever penny! The views were amazing and we loved the feeling of floating in the air and seeing all over Phoenix. However, the best part of this company is that the balloon only holds 4 people (plus the pilot), vs 14 people in other companies. It felt like we had our own private tour of the desert.  It ended up to be just me & my husband, we felt so lucky!!  The owner, Kevin, is also the pilot, so he was really invested in making sure we had an amazing flight. This did my disappoint!!  Highly recommend.
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a hot air balloon ride for my 25th birthday last week. Kevin and his partner were vibrant hosts and were both very knowledgeable about flying. I thought I would be a little nervous, but the ride was smooth and these guys are obviously pros which put me at ease. Kevin knew the lay of the land well and served as an excellent tour guide. The champagne toast at the end was a perfect treat at the end of our flight. I would definitely recommend taking a trip with Kevin. The other balloons we saw taking off around us were carrying 8-14 people each, and our little basket held two couples and Kevin. I'm very glad my boyfriend booked with 2 Fly Us because we had a more intimate trip--the other couple on our flight was lovely. Two notes: Be prepared to wake up early and the flame for the balloon is HOT! I regretted wearing a nice top because I definitely sweated through it. Goes for any hot air balloon flight, but thought it was worth mentioning.
5	We took a flight with Kevin on New Years Eve.  What a great way to end the year.  I would highly recommend 2 Fly Us.  Kevin made this a great day for us.  My wife was a little apprehensive about the flight, but Kevin helped make it enjoyable.  We started out staying rather low so we all became comfortable with flying.  This was a first trip for everyone in the basket.  We worked up to 4000 feet, but found flying at the lower heights to be more interesting.There are several companies that offer flights.  Many of them have baskets that hold 8 to 14 people.  I would recommend using a company with smaller baskets.  ( 4 people plus pilot). We like the smaller more personal flight.  Thanks to Kevin and chaser Gene for a great experience.
5	Kevin and Glen were spectacular.  I bought my friend a ride for her birthday and she was gracious enough to bring me along.  It was totally worth it!  The crew was very friendly and extremely knowledgable on hot air balloons.  I was a bit nervous but it was all put to ease because these guys were entertaining and professional.  If I get up the gumption to do this again I will definitely go with these guys. The four person balloon seemed much nicer than those larger balloons, considering it was just me and my friend going.  We met a very nice couple too, that joined us in the balloon.  Kevin's stories were great and he knew so much.  Definitely give these guys a try, it's worth every penny!
5	My wife and I have had the opportunity to ride in a hot air balloon a couple of time before out in California wine country and really enjoyed it so when we were looking for something special to do on valentines day this caught my eye especially since Kevin offers a sunset flight (all our other flights were sunrise, crack of dawn affairs where you have to get up at 4 am!)What makes this company a standout is that it is small-just one guy, Kevin, and he only takes 4 people per trip which is so much nicer than the other flights we've been on with 12 or 16.  Kevin is the best host and he's got great stories to tell having flown balloons for over 30 years all over the world (be sure to ask him about Curt Russel and Goldie Hawn in Aspen).We met up about 3:45 pm at the Dunkin donuts rendezvous point and were driven to the launch site-a big open field of state land.  As it was Valentines Day there was a bevy of other balloons with the same plan (the ballon guys are all like one big family) all spread out inflating around the same time but we were the only one of the 15 that wasn't 12 or 16 or even 23 people.  It was great to see all the balloons getting ready and we were one of the first away. Some with the larger crowds were as much as 30 minutes late but all have to be down by sunset (around 630 this time of year).The flight was around an hour then ended with the traditional toast with sparkling wine and he even provided some chocolates as well.  The ride itself was great with Kevin deftly maneuvering the balloon.  Highly recommended!
5	Four of us took this hot air balloon ride before sun set for my friend's 50th Birthday. It was affordable compared to other companies, but the basket was a little small. We felt like the red hot burner was very close to our heads, especially when he had to juice it to make hot air. But the experience was wonderful.  Kevin was so funny and entertaining.  He was very competent and experienced which put all of us at ease, especially two people on our flight who are a bit afraid of heights.  His crew was courteous, friendly, and enthusiastic.  After the flight, we had champaigne and cavier (he allowed me to bring my own as it was a special bottle). Kevin took great photos for us too.
