3	Same great flavors and friendly staff. The almost $2 more per drink is on the crazy side. I know it is the Strip, but this is downright robbery. That is the price for convenience in a casino though. It is either you pay for it here or go into a coffee shop, pay the same price, and not know what you are getting.
3	Great juices and who doesn't like the energy you have after a wheat grass shot!  This location is in the middle of the large mall that has all the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.  The manager of the store was super nice and accommodating.  Wasn't the biggest location, no places to sit, sort of felt rushed in and out, and the associates spilled my wheat grass shot all over and didn't clean up or apologize so that sort of threw me off this place.  Good for a quick stop by for juice
4	This JJ is located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Always a fan of Jamba, glad to see they have a few here in Vegas now. Loved visiting them when I used to live in Hawaii after a good workout. Being at this Jamba was no different than all my other visits although this would be my first one believe outside of Hawaii. Can't quite remember the price comparison but it seemed about the same. But if what David S. says its true I guess it's cheaper outside a casino or Hawaii haha.
4	I do like my Jamba and was glad to see this place in the Miracle Mile shopping mall.  The mango a go-go was good, the Pink Star a little too runny but still tasted good.
5	I typically do not drink juice because of the sugar content so was pleasantly surprised while walking by that they offer several vegan (if you hold the drizzle of honey) Wellness Bowls. My sister and I both enjoyed the Apple & Kale bowls. They were made with kale, soy milk, almonds, banana, etc. They were very cold but after letting it sit to warm up for a couple minutes it was delicious! And I wandered up the Strip for hours with plenty of energy! Also met a really nice vegan curious guy while in line! Great to know about these healthier vegan options while traveling!
3	A 4 oz drink will cost ya ~5 bucks. That's a rip off. Oh and a cup of tap water will cost you $0.25. The guy taking my order was so out of it (Not friendly). I'll think twice before I come again. At least to this location. Jamba juice stall #260.
2	One star for "Rob" running the cashier line last Friday May 30th. Granted, there was quite the line after the Backstreet Boys concert, rude first impressions still last. My husband and I were trying to fight the ringing in our ears from the concert on top of the regular noise pollution in the mall. Rob was rude, rolled his eyes, raised his voice in an annoyed manner. It was loud yes, but no need to be rude to customers buying $35 worth of goods. I get it, it got busy rather quickly and you'd rather be doing something else.Nonetheless the workers actually making the drinks were fast and efficient. 5 stars for them!
1	I love Jamba. I really do. However this particular branch at he Miracle Mile of Shops on the Strip totally disappointed me. We asked for a large smoothie to be split into two cups for our girls. They said they would have to charge us 27 cents extra and we had to do pour it ourselves. What the what????? Sorry but that is the first time I've been subjected to that "policy." Hell, not even the Jamba in Downtown Disney does that!!!!!
4	Larger portions than normal.   Always a line but the service is good.   Pleasant hard workers.  Gotta give them that.  Really glad they use gloves handling food.  There days that means a lot.  The wellness bowls are a great low calorie meal.
