3	Really huge menu...  breakfast, lunch and more.  The bagels are pretty good.  Way better than anyplace else I have been in Phoenix.
3	Chompie's is alright as far as bagels go.  They are too doughy for my taste but they are certainly better than chain bagels.  It's a huge deli which is always a welcome sight.  I wasn't  terribly thrilled with the whole pour your own coffee thing but now I know for the future.  (I don't drink coffee, but my husband does....I hate being responsible for it if it sucks!)  I am an avid Snapple drinker and I was excited to find that they carry it, if only a very limited selection.  I was very impressed with the large dessert selection that they have; including my favorite, tri color cookies.
3	If you are looking to go out for some bagels and breakfast Chompies is a much better option than chain bagel stores. As for lunch I haven't been very impressed with what they have. Sure they bring you out pickles and cucumbers which is awesome in my book, but most of the dishes are boring American choices or Jewish cuisine which I don't really crave. I do want to go back and check out the bakery though.  They had a huge selection of tasty treats in the window last time I was there with a mixture of everything you could want. One thing that stands out in my mind about Chompies though is how dark it is in there. It gives it a very odd feel, and when you step back outside you are blinded by the Arizona sunshine. Let the sunshine in!
4	Oy vay! If I had a Jewish grandmother this is what she would have said about me eating to much! My make believe grandmothers name is Chompie, short for Selchompma. I try to visit her as often as I can even when its been a few weeks she always welcomes me back, like a good grandmother does. She makes the chewy yummy bagels that a chubby guy like me cant resist.. her pirogies are so delicious that 8 of them aren't enough.. everything she has ever cooked me has always hit the spot.. oh Nana Chompie  knows that spot really well.. from the home made pickles she puts on the table to the deep fried goodness of the Monte Cristo sandwich.I take solace knowing that she will always be there for me, even though she is just a wonderful deli.. I look forward to her warm embrace.
4	You wake up one morning and realize you have no breakfast food. In fact, you go look in your refrigerator and you realize all the cheese has become a science project and you have no cream for your coffee. Crap. You go sit down at the the table and ponder what your next step should be...do I go to the store and buy everything I need and try to assemble a half decent breakfast? By the time I get to the store, get back home, cook, eat, clean up, my morning is gone. That seems like too much effort on some days, doesn't it?The answer?Drive to Chompie's. *By the time you put your baseball hat one, brush your teeth, get dressed and open the garage door: 10:15 a.m.*Go out to the driveway and pick up the weekend edition: 10:16 a.m.*Have a conversation with your neighbor about the irritating HOA rules and regulations and all the neighbors that don't pay attention to the HOA: 10:24 a.m.*Pull your car out of the garage and head to Chompies: 10:26 a.m.*Drive to 92nd Street and Shea, park and enter the restaurant: 10:40 a.m.*Wait for a table: 10:50*Your order a beverage while you browse the menu: 10:55*You realize its almost 11 a.m., which means that you can have breakfast or lunch and be within very good boundaries on either option. Should you have a 3" High Reuben Sandwich on an onion roll, or Bagel and Lox? French Toast? Eggs, Bacon? Pancakes? The possibilities are endless, the service is efficient and you didn't have to go to the grocery store.
4	Being the nice Jewish girl that I am, I love good Jewish food.  Finding this place was the closest thing I could get to good home cooked Jewish food.  Its not the greatest deli I have eaten at, BUT, I think its the most authentic deli that the valley has to offer! The portions are huge, wide selection of food, deserts and deli cases.  They also offer Holiday dinners for those of you who may be Jewish and not have family out here to celebrate those holidays with.  I reccomend it!They are quite expensive tho!
3	Good place for bagels.   My personal fav is with everything.The sandwiches are huge, I could only manage 1/2 and had to save the rest for later.   Not cheap, but you do get what you paid for.While I haven't yet to find something totally amazing there, I love that they're not a chain.
4	Chompie's has far and away the best bagels in town. Not the cardboard-tasting, dry, processed junk you get at Einstein's. Chompie's actually taste like the good bagels you get in New York. Plus, they're still the only place in town that sells salt bagels and they're kosher. Unfortunately, it only gets 4 out of 5 stars because it's too pricey and the dining room is pretty boring.
4	This place is a belly buster...Go hungry because the sandwiches are huge. I got the roast beef and it was fantastic, way better than that processed crap that you get at the grocery store, they roast it themselves. My friend got the pastrami and it looked awesome, I wanted to trade.  Also, the sweet potato frys are great, if you've never had them, give them  a try, you'll love them...
3	I flew into Scottsdale yesterday to spend the day with my aunt who turned 90.  Having a hankering for real deli, we chased on over to Chompies.I had a half corned beef sandwich and matzo ball soup.  The tasty corned beef was lean and thinly sliced and piled high.  The rye bread was soggy on the bottom.  The lean corned beef is probably healthier than the marbled kind, but that is what you can get in LA and New York and it is sooo good.The matzo ball soup had a few carrots and noodles, but the soup itself was nothing to write home to mom about.  The matzo ball was fluffy and comfortable.
5	Ahhhh Chompies. I have been to the Chompies around the valley for years now and all of them are fantastic. The place is ALWAYS busy and what it occasionally lacks in bright eyed, smiling servers, it totally makes up for in consistently GOOD FOOD! I love their bagels, their soups, the sandwiches are almost too much to eat at once, the salads are great and if you stop in for breakfast, the omelettes are... well let's say I have literally written home about them. Prices are more than fair for what you get and they are fast! This is one of those places that works for a casual client meeting spot, a meal with the family (it's actually loud enough that the wife and I don't have to panic when our 2 year old has a freak out) or a quick bite on your own. I don't know why, but this is one of those places where you see lots of people eating by themselves and it doesn't look sad. The take out counter is quick and I seriously can't say enough about how much I like the food.... seriously!
4	freaking huge portions. the sandwiches are super yummy. the french toast, covered in bananas, and that crumbly sugary delicouisness is to die for...and you might unless you jog 10 miles afterwards. but the real treat is the desert counter...oh my god, even to just look at it is an honor. good bang for the buck.
2	I used to be a regular here, but have stopped going because of the atrocious service I received on my last visit.  I will admit they do have some decent food and, depending on who you get as a server, the service can be decent too.  However, my last experience was just over the top.  My companion and I started off by ordering two coffees.  After waiting for about 15 minutes, the waiter finally came back with two cups of coffee, one of which was only half full.  We both stared with puzzlement at the coffee and when he came back a short while later, I pointed out the curiosity before us.  He looked down at the two cups, laughed, and then proceeded to pick up the full cup and pour part of its contents into the one that was only half full.  In the process, he spilled part of the coffee all over the table and then left us staring in bewilderment at the two, now semi full cups, and the puddle of coffee before us.  After another tedious waiting period, he finally came back for our order and when we pointed out the puddle of coffee on the table, he again snickered and sloppily sopped it up with a rag.  The remainder of the breakfast was similarly sloppy in service.
4	I have only been to Chompies once.  The waitress recommended sharing a corned (spelled right, I guess) beef sandwich which she said would be big enough for two.  She wasn't kidding.  What truly impressed me was the beef.  It was not to salty and no pieces that you had to hod your napkin up and spit out.  Those are the reasons I never have this kind of sandwich.  Just great beef with the right kind of condiments in my opinion.  When we got the bill I was holding my breath.  What would it cost when the beef was in my opinion excellent.  My surprise at how reasonable the cost was.  Now I have to make a point of getting back there.  I like good potato pancakes.  If they are as good as what I had today, I'll be one happy camper!
4	Nothing bad to say! However I am embarrassed to say that after living here for 11 years this is my first time going  here. I am going to frequent this place as I found out they have one close to my house (PV Mall)Had the Pastrami sandwich with 1000 dressing and sauerkraut.  and the Matzo ball soup all I say is, Mmmm!!!! Can't wait to try breakfast... They even serve bloody marys and mimosas for those extra hungover weekend moments.
4	Ahhhh the place a Jew can go and get his food :-)  Being Jewish, sometimes I get the urge for Kreplach soup or chopped liver.  This place takes care of all my urges.  From bagels and lox to corned beef, chopped liver and coleslaw sandwich.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  They would get another star out of me if they lowered their prices.  It drives me batty to see what they charge for their food.If I were them, I would add another inch to the sandwich to make up for the price.  Defiantly check out this place if you want a mile high sandwich.  If you are from NYC here on vacation, avoid this place at all costs.
3	I'm not Jewish, by means and look. But I do have few friends who are.I'm not an expert on kosher food either.. but my friends will tell you that I do love good food and have a great appetite.I've heard my friends talk of this place many times.and at last, I was able to join them one summer day.my first impression was that the place was big and busy. good sign so far.their menu, which I did not take the time to look over page after page of all the items they featured, was extensive.however, knowing what we were going to get, we ordered full order of corn beef sandwich (very popular) with potato salad and side of onion rings.corn beef sandwich was huge... which we split. that was a better size.the meat was tender and juicy... but perhaps little heavier cut than their usual, according to my friend. their potato salad was tasty, but it was a little sweeter than I was accustomed to. and their onion was thin like calamari, heavier on the breading... probably just a commercial version, not home made, according to my friend. I prefer mine to be thick cut with light and crisper coating.I'm not sold on the place but it was clean and decent.I may give it a try one more time and see how they measure up than.
2	Came here one morning a couple of weeks ago.  Had about 50 minutes alloted before my Mayo clinic appointment, so I thought a short stack of banana-nut pancakes would get me in and out fast.  I thought wrong.  Staff was friendly enough, but it took at least 10 minutes for the server to finally take my order.  I asked for banana-nut pancakes, but instead of the pancake syrup (not pure maple), I wanted a side of the blueberry compote that usually comes w/ the blueberry pancakes.  Would this be OK?  Server said yes.  The short stack (2 cakes) arrived 15 minutes later, but instead of banana-nut pancakes, these were blueberries, delivered by another server.  My server came by to ask if I needed anything else, heard my complaint, and rushed back to the kitchen to correct it.  I was assured that it would only take 10 minutes to get a fresh batch out, but another 15 minutes went by before the correct order arrived.  Keep in mind, it's already been at least 40 minutes since I sat down.  I only had 10 minutes to spare- not enough to savor these delicious cakes.  The blueberry compote ended up containing corn syrup, the ingredient I was trying to avoid by not using the pancake syrup, but it's hard for me to resist blueberry compote, so if I must suffer...I most likely will visit Chompie's again the next time I'm out and about and craving for pancakes, but only if I have 90 minutes or more to spare...
1	Go to the Chompie's at Paradise Valley mall the service here is terrible and the food tastes different.
3	My wife and I weren't too hungry and decided to grab something quick so we could get back home to watch the Cardinals game. We got there at 5 PM and was seated promptly, we got water and a tray of their pickles. Now this place wasn't hopping yet and the Cardinals game was playing on both screens. I didn't pay attention to it so I ignored the game. It took between 10-15 minutes before a server came over to take our order. He never said his name and took out order and left. No personality at all...NADA...ZIPPO!!About ten minutes later I finally got my Matzo ball soup, it was tasty as usual. But we waited another 10 minutes to get our two half pastrami sandwiches. There must have been one cook...it took, what seemed like forever, to get our food.We haven't been there in a while, but we have had better service in the past.
4	Let me start by saying I've been going here off and on since 1998 or so, usually while on vacation (since 2000). The menu and the food have changed over the years, but the general quality is still there. This last visit I got the Brooklyner, which has corned beef, pastrami, and braised brisket. I finished most of it, but could have finished all of it if I tried. I know some people expect these huge mile-high sandwiches (like in NYC) but I've been to some of those delis and they charge $20 for a sandwich. So the sandwich may be bigger but you still pay for it. Anyway, $13.29 is a bit pricey for a sandwich, but this sandwich had a really excellent taste to it. Mike T. got a beef tongue sandwich, which was equally tasty. Both were admittedly a tad on the small side considering the price, but I think that's a minor point.Chompie's is unique in that it doesn't just focus on the deli elements, they do traditional breakfasts, some Mexican food, burgers, crepes, wraps, there's something for everyone here. I think it generally fits the transient mindset of the Phoenix area, where most everyone isn't from there, they're either just passing through or ended up there by a set of circumstances. You could view this trait as a big minus and say that Chompie's doesn't match up to a traditional NYC deli (which it doesn't). But like a lot of other restaurants in the area, I think its strengths are that it continues to try new things with the menu and it tries to just create good food and atmosphere without being confined in a box.Now on the menu they have 5 pounds of sliders for 50 bucks or so, it's free if you can finish in half an hour. That doesn't appeal to me, but it's just an example of a restaurant that isn't afraid to try something new while keeping their classic dishes in tact.
3	Chompies is great, i love the corned beef & pastrami sandwich..the food is very tastey..also if you want some amazing pancakes try the Wheat STUFFED GRANOLA ones they are out of this world.. on Shea The Chompies on Shea has one problem, its the service, now the servers are nice & all but they seem to maybe be understaffed, takes forever to get your order. Another thing that caused me to give it 3 stars is the price, chompies is pretty darn expensive, expect to pay about $15-$20 for a basic breakfast, i only order 2 eggs, potatos & dry toast & sometimes pancakes..when i go there for lunch & get the corned beef sandwish, fries, & a drink its about $25..but the portions are LARGE & u will definitley not leave there hungry!
4	This is a fantastic deli, which is a surprise to find in Arizona.  I instantly felt transported back to NYC when I walked in, accept for the fact that the average age of the dinner was over 50!  That said, the food was great and the pastrami and matzo ball soup was some of the best I've had.  I recommend the half sandwich and soup, unless you have a HUGHE appetite and can eat half a side of beef!  Enjoy!
3	I have to agree with this other reviewers and I wonder if the success of Chompie's may have taken on more than they could handle? I think the food is pretty good, really I think the bagels are probably the stars. But like the others, I felt like we waited an awfully long time to get our meal and the waitress never came to check on us once. I would have liked another cup of coffee but she wasn't even the one who brought our food. I really think that the place seems like it is chaotic and just has way too much going on at one time.
1	I'm not a New Yorker...I'm a transplanted Chicagoan. It's frustrating that there is such a limited supply of Deli's in this area-- and there is nothing that even approaches a great Chicago style Deli. This is the second time I've eaten at Chompies, and both times have been a huge disappointment. The other night we went for dinner. We felt like we sat forever before someone waited on us. Then she disappeared- more interested in taking pictures of a group of slider eaters in back. Another waiter showed up later...looked at me and asked me if I was the "mashed potatoes". I said yes, and he told me they were OUT of mashed potatoes. Since I was having hot turkey-- this was quite disappointing. After much more waiting, I ended up asking when our meals would arrive ( we had been there an hour already) My plate of turkey with dressing and their interpretation of french fries arrived...with congealed cold gravy on the side. Everything was SOOOOoooo salty, it was borderline inedible. My husband got what they consider a ham and cheese omelet. Scrambled looking eggs with slices of cheese on top. Mediocre at best. I doubt I'll return for a meal, other than to buy bagels from their take out.
2	I just tried to order a hot Pastrami sandwich on a french roll and they asked for $14!!--- wow!--- and it wasn't anything to write home about--I arrived just before noon to avoid the lunchtime rush...and service was VERY slow and non-chalant-- took inside of 10 minutes before I got my sandwich-- I can't imagine what the lunch crowd has to go through!I usually go to Chompies for breakfast....which is great--- lunch was a disappointment
3	There's a lot to be said about Chompies! Its great that they have several locations throughout the valley! Everyone a little different from the next but I love this location because of its shear size. I first tried Chompies 8 years ago before I even moved to Arizona and it was good for a small family lunch out on the way up to Fountain Hills.Their bagels and cream cheese are very good. Not the best in the area, but close enough.The Chicago dog, which is what I had today was pretty good. Again not the best in the area but a decent price with fries. I love their fries. Always very warm, never hot or cold. Nice and thick with the skin still on them! There is plenty of space but unfortunately you don't always get lucky enough to get a good server.The delicatessens are good. Haven't had much Jewish desserts but their cookies that they give free with a kids meal are soft and yummy. There is a very large variety, so be prepared to be a bit overwhelmed!!
4	A local friend recommended we hit Chompies while we were in the area, and we're so glad we did! As far as Kosher deli's go, it's one of our fav's.  We had the hot corned beef, matzo ball soup and split pea soup, plus picked up some adorable cakes for the kids that were frosted with mice and frogs!  The bakery alone was worth the trip, but the sandwich was pilled high with juicy corned beef, and they delivered it just as we asked for it!The plain bagels weren't as good as Einstein's but in their defense, our kids didn't want them toasted....Grab some to-go or eat it there.
4	Potato pancakes, pastrami reuben, and chicken and waffles: Extreme carbohydrate overload. The mini potato pancake appetizer (5) is seasoned appropriately and cooked up nice and crispy around the edges, soft and warm on the inside. Applesauce and sour cream, of course. Pastrami reuben is piled high, warm and delish, sauerkraut/dressing/swiss. Came with coleslaw (a little bland) and we upgraded to sweet potato fries (again, a little bland, and looked slightly battered...?) Chicken and waffles - a belgian waffle made with jalapenos and corn in the batter, then they put chicken strips on top of it, and dump a load of cheddar cheese on top of the whole pile. If you like crunchy, and I do like crunchy, the chicken strips have it - almost to the point of TOO much crunch. Wear-down-your-enamel crunch. The combination of the chicken in its seasoned batter plus cheese plus corn plus spicy jalapenos plus waffle plus syrup on top of it all makes a flavor explosion (and later, a slight headache). It was HUGE too - between two people, half of it was still left on the plate. There is also a large, beautiful display case full of every kind of pastry you can think of. We didn't make it there. I think next time I'll start with dessert so I can cram it all in...
4	Don't overlook this place for lunch. I have had a Ruben and a Jewish slider here and both were very good. Not as impressed with their bagels.
4	It was crazy the last time I was here.  They were doing some kind of slider fest special due to a tv show they were featured on.  $1 sliders brings out all the lookie lou's.  The deserts still rock and the red velvet cake I have dreams about.  The service can be sketchy but the food has always been good.
4	I wish we had a kosher deli in my neck of the woods, because some days, I just have to have matzo ball soup. Or, the quintessential lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel, toasted, with all the trimmings--slices of red onions, capers, tomato, the works. But there is none in Yuma.Thank goodness, Phoenix is just a 2 1/2 hours drive, give and take another half an hour in construction traffic. There a several Chompies in the metropolitan Phoenix area, but we tend to go to the one in Scottsdale, for some other reasons.* Salmon Lox and cream cheese on an Everything Bagel--quite expensive! But to me, it's a worth an occassional splurge. Though I never paid that much for a bagel sandwich back East, I am grateful that it is relatively closer.*Matzo ball and chicken soup--the kids and I adore this. The broth is perfect, although on ocassion, I thought it was a tad bit salty. But all in all, still a winner.* Hubby gets the Pastrami---piled high, good, what else can I say.I was tempted to shave 2Stars (!) off my general rating--for the fact that service can be sporadic, and on one trip, was downright horrid. The girl ignored us, and we could see her chatting with the other girls (although I'm thinking this happed at the Chompie's on University, and not the one in Scottsdale?).But to be fair, for the food ALONE--a well desserved 4Star rating from me. Chopped liver, anyone???
3	Baaaaahhhhh...i'm so sad about having to give this one three stars.Let me start this by saying that I LOVE Chompies bagels. In my mind, they are the best. ESPECIALLY the shmear. Deeeelish. Now, that goes for the bagels...not so much for the rest of it. Our server...umm...had issues. Let's just leave it at that. I would normally say that he was overwhelmed, but it was 3 in the afternoon - so that one is a bit hard for me to swallow (that's what she said, i know). The other thing that was hard to swallow was the food. I ordered the London Tunnel Sandwich. Sounded yummy...roasted turkey, pastrami, coleslaw, 1000 island - all on yummy rye. Well..not impressed. My advice, just eat the rye with a side of fries. As I was chewing on my sandwich, I had this moment of realization: You are eating a sandwich at Chompies...this is supposed to be knocking you off your chair...especially for 14 bucks. This thought made me choke. Lesson learned: Buy the bagels and shmear and grab desert on the way out. Save your ass from the uncomfortable seat, your mind from having to deal with dumb servers and your throat/mouth from the uncomfortable feeling of gross food engulfing it. The end.
4	Saved my life when I was sick and nothing tasted right.  Bummer to be on vacation in a strange town, and no way to cook something gentle for my stomach. I ordered a bowl of chicken soup and the stuffed cabbage and found my appetite.  I was so delighted.  Hubby had a plain old hamburger.  Would you believe if was one of the best I have ever tasted?  We shall return!
2	OIY.Greasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude.
5	Chompie's was the other half of our Man vs. Food roadtrip we took after watching the Phoenix show. Hopped in the motorhome the following weekend and had a ball trying out some fabulous eats!Chompie's is a traditional Jewish deli; expensive, huge portions, huge menu and delicious looking pastries.  I ordered a monte cristo, which was fabulous, and my husband had a reuben which he thoroughly enjoyed.  Of course we had to test the Jewish slider that Adam ate on the show, to the tune of $4 a pop!  He had to eat 12 of them in under 30 minutes and after trying 1/2 of one, there is NO WAY I could do that!  It was super delicious but far too filling.  The service at Chompie's was great, especially once they heard we were doing a Man vs. Food roadtrip.  Our server was attentive and friendly and she even sent the manager over to say hi and we chatted with him for awhile. He very kindly bought us desert and sent us on our way with a huge pack of bagels and cream cheese for breakfast in the motorhome.  The bagels were fabulous!  We had to freeze some and are still eating them.
4	Love their bagels and their breakfast selection. Love that they offer different types of creamers for coffee. Yum!Haven't been there in a  while and I'm missing it!!
1	This was our first visit to a Chompies.  The menu is huge... it took forever to get through it.  The food tasted great, but they totally messed up my order.  When the waitress *finally* came over to check on us, I told her they messed it up, but by that time I'd already started eating it (we were on a time schedule... gotta go!).  She wanted to fix it, but since it took so long to get our food we didn't have time for them to 'fix' it.  The waitress did offer us a dozen (day old) bagels for the inconvience.The bakery is extremely over priced for what you get.  Huge selection, but $2 for a sugar cookie that doesn't taste all that great... no thanks.
2	This review started as one about Chompie's at the PV Mall. We will never again go to this Chompie's.  See below:"We have been going to the Chompie's on Shea for over two years and really enjoyed the Hometown NY food and atmosphere. It reminded us of all the good things that you would find at Katz's in lower Manhattan. "Okay, so why the setup for another Chompie's location?  Well the last few times at the Shea location we sat and waited, and waited(15 mins or so) for our waiter to come by and ask us for our drink order. Hey, when you're busy that's to be understood -- but our waiter was on break most of time and the place was half empty.  Also, it seems whenever we asked for anything (pickles, napkins, etc) our waiter seemed fairly indifferent to us.  It happened a few more times on different visits and so we had enough. "Well, our trek in the desert has been rewarded. This Chompie's (PV Mall) is everything the other one wasn't.  The wait staff came by immediately and ask about our drinks order & offered suggestions on different menu items. We were thrilled. We didn't realize there was another Chompie's nearby.  And the food was great (just like the one on Shea)!"From now on we will shlep the extra 10 minutes to the PV Mall location and will try to forget all about the other one over on Shea.  If you're into Katz's and some Catskill theater then you might enjoy the Chompie's on Shea, we didn't!"  When the wait staff stand around talking while you're hungry, it's a real mood kill.So go to Chompie's at the PV Mall and enjoy the food and service and feel free tip generously.  Oh, BTW there's a ton of parking available at PV another difference in their favor.  Enjoy!
4	With limited Jewish Deli options to choose from in the Valley, Chompie's  is at the top of my list when I'm craving matzah ball soup, potato latkes, bagels, black and white cookies, or quality sandwiches served with plenty of pickles!  I've ordered bagels in bulk from Chompie's before but until this past weekend, I'd never taken advantage of their catering options.I'm typically a planner, but this year, the Jewish holidays came around way too quickly, and I found myself scrambling at the last minute to feed approximately 20 guests at a break-fast on Saturday evening.  I went to  the Chompie's website and found their catering menus for the holidays...  I called and ordered a sampler platter for ten (this came with egg salad, tuna salad, white fish salad, tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, cream cheese (veggie and regular), a small fruit plate, and a  chocolate babka...  All of this was conveniently ready for me to pick up Saturday at 1pm per my request.  I added to the order last minute , just to make sure I had enough food,  and the folks at Chompie's were fine with that.  They even helped me carry everything out to my car.  Turns out, we had way too much food; portions are huge!  But everyone left our house with full bellies and many with leftovers for the week.  I'm actually kind of bummed that I'm traveling this week as Jared will get to enjoy the leftovers without me...  Needless to say, I won't hesitate to use Chompie's for catering again in the future!
4	I have always been a fan. This place puts out consistently good simple breakfast and lunch - I have NEVER had a bad meal here. They also have an amazing selection of to-go deserts. Chompie's was also featured on "Man V. Food" recently...
5	Chompie's Cheddar Cheese Bagels...mmmmmmmm CHEESE!Incredible menu offerings, authentic NY style Jewish deli and bakery.Did I say the Cheddar Cheese Bagel toasted with chive cream cheese is about the best bagel under the sun?  Well trust me it is!If Homer Simpson ever tried a Chompie's Cheddar Cheese Bagel he'd never eat another damn pink doughnut...ever!
2	The 2-star rating is due to the HORRENDOUSLY high prices for anything on the menu.Price:  it's 250% of what you'd expect to pay.  A $5 sandwich will easily cost you $18.  A very hard thing to get over, regardless of Service or Taste.Service:  Excellent, and I wonder if they're happy because they expect tips, above and beyond what you're paying for the food.  20% of a normal $5 is ok, but 20% of $75 is probably why they're smiling.  *** Please correct your prices so families can enjoy your family restaurant ***.Taste:  Excellent.  I appreciate your taking lunchmeat and putting it onto my sandwich.  I just have trouble giving you 10 times the price of the lunchmeat.I'd seen the Man vs. Food episode, so I was excited to eat their food.  I was just stunned to silence by the horribly high prices.  I just couldn't believe the cashier would ask for that much money with a smile on her face.  Now I know why they never mention prices on the show.
5	Gosh, I wish we had a Chompies out in So. Orange Co. We were here on a Friday night for a dinner party in their back room. There were 50-60 of us. Once we all settled down and started to look over the menu the waiters/servers came by to take our drink orders. They came back fast with our drinks. Our orders were then taken. Soups came out in a timely manner and so did our entrees. The soups were reminiscent of our moms home cooking. Chicken Soup with Matzo Ball. Heavenly. Our entrees which were sandwiches pretty good. Okay, I got the brisket on Challah. It came with a gravy but I would of preferred Au jus. The brisket was a little on the dry side. I should of gotten pastrami. My son said it was great!. My husband enjoyed his corned beef sandwich on rye. So for the food I would give maybe 3 to 3 1/2 stars. But because the service was outstanding, especially with such a large group, I'm bumping up to 5 stars. The service was fantastic!!! Come on Chompies, open a restaurant out by me, Please.
3	Incredibly odd layout to this place.  I needed a few minutes and a rosetta stone to figure out why there needs to be segregated dining.  Still a mystery.  The food is pretty good.  I echo the overall sentiment about the authenticity.  But they've done a decent job of melding the Upper East Side with the Southwest. One thing they should have left on Manhattan is that NYC attitude.  Because customer service matters in the rest of the world.
4	Chompie's is delicious.  I always use their call ahead so we don't have to wait (since they definitely are busy on the weekends).  This weekend they seated our party of 13 Sunday morning as soon as we got there.  Bustling, animated and fun- Chompie's not only offers high quality breakfasts and lunches but a dynamic, fast-pace for dining.  You may need to wait a little bit for your food since they get so busy- but that's part of the experience.  Just keep busy with the various football games displayed on their tvs throughout the restaurant. It's nice too that you can walk through the restaurant and the staff gets to know who you are- that sure doesn't happen at big chains. Personally I enjoy their coffee over ice with hazelnut creamer, Chompie's egg breakfast with loose scrambled eggs with american cheese on top, and their everything bagel with olive pimento cream cheese.  Their potato pancakes are incredible with sour cream and apple sauce.  Yum. Gretchen is by far their best server with her 100% accuracy for orders and her charming attitude.  When I'm traveling or on vacation I miss home since I miss out on my weekend ritual of Chompie's!
5	I've already expressed my love for Chompies in my review of the Tempe location, but after having brunch at this location this morning, I need to do the same for Scottsdale. I'm not usually a fan of big menus. But since pretty much everything at Chompies is good, let them cook whatever they want. I met a friend here at 11am and had some trouble deciding between breakfast or lunch. As I looked through the menu, the omelets caught my eye. I had the Spanish Omelet which has black beans, onions, tomato, cheddar and jalapeno jack cheese. It also comes with potatoes and a bagel or toast for $8.50. Not only Delicious, but I'm set for the day.
4	I love this place. Great breakfasts, lunches and dinners. Their pastrami is the best in the state, and their turkey that is used in sandwiches tastes real (as in NOT the watery deli stuff you find in most places). They did get rid of my favorite "sandwich",  the El Paso Wrap, but I've found they'll still make it for me when I get a craving for it. The chicken soups are delish and home made (and wonderful when you are sick with the flu or a cold). Needless to say, their bagels are killer. Frequently a line, but worth the wait, if you have the time. Highly recommend this place!!
2	For being STARK empty at 8:10pm, it shouldn't have taken until 8:38 for me to get a sandwich and soup to go. Didn't help that they forget to put in the order to actually make my sandwich. VERY inattentive staff for being a not-so busy place. As for my food, typical Jewish deli sandwich with toooooooo much meat. Matzo ball chicken soup was good. I'll pass on Chompie's next time. Not worth my time...literally.
4	Had this place bookmarked after watching Adam Richman eat a dozen sliders on Man vs Food.  Since I was in the area I decided to stop by for lunch.  The place was packed and I had to wait a few minutes to be seated. While I was waiting I browsed the Bakery side of the joint.  I didn't realize it was a Bakery & a Deli.The Bakery had a ton of awesome looking Desserts....I almost scrapped lunch in favor of a Dessert or two, ha!  But my name was called and I went to be seated.The food menu is pretty large and I had a tough time selecting a dish.  I asked my server for her opinion and she suggested trying the Sliders and making a combo with the Original Jewish Sliders (Mini Challah Rolls, Brisket, Potato Pancakes, Jack Cheese, Brown Gravy) and the Western Sliders (Mini Challah Rolls, BBQ Brisket, Cheddar Cheese, Onion Strings).....there would be 3 Sliders of my choice and Fries for $11.99.  I decided to go for it and ordered the combo with 1 Original Jewish Slider and 2 BBQ Beef Sliders.After a short wait my food came out.  I couldn't wait to dive into it.  I went for the Jewish Slider first.  I've never had anything like this before.....it was dripping with Gravy.  Took one bite and could taste the Gravy, Potato Pancake, and Jack Cheese immediately....then I could taste the Brisket, which was very moist.  It was pretty good, but I'm not a big fan of Gravy unless it's Thanksgiving.Next I went for the BBQ Brisket Sliders......they were very tasty.  The proportion of BBQ Sauce and Onion Strings were just right to give it that Sweet & Tangy flavor.  Of the two types of Sliders I prefer the BBQ Sliders over the Jewish Sliders.  The Fries were Breaded Wedge Cut Fries and were awesome......crispy on the outside and moist & soft on the inside.  The spices on the Fries were very good too.Overall, it was a good meal.  My server was very friendly and checked up on me often to make sure I was satisfied with my meal.  She offered to replace the Jewish Slider if I didn't like it.  I told her that it was good and then she suggested Pumpkin Creme Brulee for Dessert.  I wasn't planning on Dessert, but couldn't resist and said yes.  It came out and the portion was pretty big.....there was no way I could finish it but I gave it a good shot and ate 1/2 of it.  It was very flavorful and gave my meal a nice Holiday Touch.I enjoyed my meal here and got my money's worth.Will I return?  You bet.....I might actually give that 12 Slider Challenge a shot if I'm in the mood.
3	Before heading out to the Arizona Auto Show, my wife and I decided to have lunch here. The place was PACKED, had to wait about 10 minutes. We ordered our sandwiches: Wife had half Egg Salad Sandwich with lettuce and sprouts; I had the half-sandwich combo with chicken noodle soup. My sandwich was pastrami on marble rye and no cheese.The soup was delicious with lots of chicken, noodles and vegetables. It wasn't had hot as I would like it, but it was good. The waitress brought out a whole Egg Salad sandwich and when I got mine, it was a whole sandwich with toasted rye, melted cheese with sauerkraut.  We both sent our sandwiches back and my wife's came back the way she ordered it and the pastrami sandwich was on rye with cheese. I wasn't going to send it back a second time.At the end of our meal, we ordered bagel chips, apparently they were all sold out. But our waitress managed to get some from the pantry and didn't charge us.The meal was satisfying with pastrami about two inches high. I would have given this a 4 star, but not getting our order right the first time, I had to take a star away.
1	Very over priced and not very high quality.
4	This place is amazing. The food is excellent, the portions are big, and the menu seems endless. One of the best kosher restaurants that I have been to.
4	I'm a big Chompie's fan. I eat at their Tempe, and Shea location on the occasion and am usually very content with the food. Chompie's is true to the authentic New Yorker. I, personally, never lived in New York, but my sister and brother-in-law lived there for over 10 years and say that Chompie's hold true to the mentality and tradition.Their matzo ball soup is delicious. I love their Brooklyner, and the Club. Their breakfast skillets are top-notch, and they have courteous servers.This most recent trip I went in and had an odd request. My jaw is currently fractured and I can't chew. I asked if they could blend my matzo ball chicken noodle soup and bring it out to me. The waitress was so helpful and told me it wouldn't be a problem. When they brought it out it was all liquified, and it was WONDERFUL! It still had all the flavors of the soup, and the puree that I had in front of me was perfect for my jaw. I was so appreciative that they would take the time to do that for me while I can't chew right now. And to the waitress it was so nonchalant, I never felt like I was imposing that request on her. I am definitely a fan!When you go, make sure to check out their bread items (bagels), and the HUGE assortment of sweets. They have a great collection of cookies, tarts, cakes, all for sale - and they're really good too!
4	Very good bagels and sandwiches!
1	We ate at Chompie's in Scottsdale last night. Table of four. It may have been the worst dining experience of my life. The food came to the table an hour after it was ordered and only after we appealed to the manager. Of course the orders were wrong and ice cold. The check was wrong the first time and all four times that it was redone. I was only going to pay what I thought I owed anyway, but then the manager tore up the check and said the meal was on him. The food? Tasteless pastrami that was 50% fat. The corned beef was higher quality. But in a blind taste test, I would have guessed Irish pub, not "NY kosher style deli". This is "New York Deli?". God forbid.
3	Just OK. Bakery items are very good. But the restaurant -meats are dry, sides blah, dinner entrees just not good at all. Latkes - cardboard.
5	In general, just a great NY style deli experience. I wish they would open in Boston,. Haven't been in years but went this week. Despite having an air head for a waitress you cannot beat the sandwiches, the depth of the menu and the quality of the food. yeah, sandwiches are 12 bucks or more, but you can get a half. The pickles are great. Soup in good., desserts are good. yummy yummy yummy.
4	This is a fabulous place to go when you have been induced with medical supplements while undergoing tests! After spending the majority of the day at Mayo Clinic, my girlfriends and I ventured here for some well-needed nourishment. The fasting thing does not work well for me! In my drug induced state, I ate all 6 pickles, yep ate them all and boy were they tasty as ever. And then I ordered a liverwurst sandwich with onions and cheese on rye bread! Really? Yes, really. And it was superb! Let's just say the entire experience is but a blurrrrrrr, but the service was good, fast, and the food amazing. Then I needed some dessert! The fridge is full of lots of goodies. Now that I am coherent again, I just shake my head and help myself to some rugallah every time I pass through the kitchen. OH WELL, I deserve a little reward for all I have been through today! :)
3	I am a chompies regular and really struggled with writing a review. To start with a plus, the bagels are the best in town. Their everything bagel is seriously ridiculous! When it comes to everything else, it's just okay. For breakfast I've had runny eggs, undercooked potatoes and soggy bacon more than once. For lunch I've waited upwards of 30 mins for a check. But the portions are huge and prices are very reasonable. And kids eat free Mondays and Tuesdays. Not to mention you can split a kids meal between two or three kids. So why do I keep going back you might ask? I work really close to there and I am in love with their bagels. Two eggs, bacon, sausage or ham, home fries and a bagel is only $5.99. Can't beat that.
1	I eat at Chompies often, but last night may be the last time.  The service was so bad that I would say it was the worse I have ever experienced.  The young man forgot the order, sent chicken noodle soup to the table when it was to be matzo ball soup.  Returned with a cold matzo ball to put in the soup.  Forgot the other soups and then brought them cold.  Forgot the drink and after dinner he brought it, but stopped at the wrong table to deliver it.  Took back one of the cold soups to warm it up and then did not bring it back till others were finished with dinner and also delivered the Reuben sandwich at the same time.  Did not bring the ketchup and we had to get up and get it from another table.  Also needed napkins, but did not see anyone to ask, so got our own.  The food was bad.  I always order a chopped liver sandwich and this time the liver was in large pieces, so you had to chew it.  The Reuben had very little sauerkraut; you could not even find it on the sandwich.  The check was wrong, and we had to get up to pay at front desk, except for all of the above everything was fine.
1	Tonight was our second time at this Chompie's and had I written this review after our first visit, I would have given it 4 stars.  However, after the service we received tonight, we will not back.  After reading other reviews, one can only assume that the Borenstein's have made so much money that they could care less about what kind of service their patrons get.  We arrived around 5:00pm and the restaurant was not very crowded yet.  My husband order a soup and sandwich and I ordered the Jewish sliders.  Long story short .... every table around us received their food even though they arrived after us!  It took so long that the couple next to us commented on how long our food was taking (at this point they were almost done with their meal).  Not being able to locate our server, I went up to the hostess and asked if someone could find out where our food was.  In less than a minute the manager (Phil) magically plots the food on the table and says, "the sliders just take a really long time".  No apology, nothing.  Without  going into the a lengthy description of the dialogue that followed between my husband and Phil, suffice it to say that Phil had real attitude for manager.  At no time did he offer an apology, free dessert or to take anything off the bill.  He practically blamed us for being too impatient!To make matters worse, right after Phil left the table, our server, Justin, decide to continue with the attitude.  He asked us how everything was and my husband replied that, "he didn't know yet because we just got our food."  Justin didn't seem to understand why my husband was so upset, and my husband explain about the wait for the food.  Justin's reply ..... "Well, you have your food now ... what's the problem?"I left out lot's of detail, but you get the picture.... they could give a crap about service.  I don't care how good the food is, but rude service with attitude, especially from management is never acceptable.  We will not be back!
4	Went here with a friend and got some of the best service in town. Lucy was our waitress and she was on the ball, cheery and attentive. We both had great sandwiches and they even have gluten free rolls. Can't eat the desserts but boy did they look fabulous. Masterpieces in the case. I' ll go again for sure. Ask for Lucy,
4	3.5 stars. Does not compare to it's equivalents in Chicago or NYC, but if you are craving decent deli in the desert, it does the trick. Had a toasted bagel and nova lox with cream cheese, red onion , tomato,greek olives.. side of very good cole slaw and, if you can believe this , a side of excellent potato pancakes served with sour cream and applesauce. My brother opted for a cup of split pea soup (it was so good and I don't even like split pea soup ..he gave me a taste) and 1/2 real turkey (not fabricated) sandwich. We shared an apple strudel for dessert and it was so so. They were handing out chocolate babka samples as we walked out and of course we tasted them. Best babka ever. There was no need to eat anything else for the rest of the day.....(ok, I had a few peanuts at the ball park later that evening.)
4	I love stopping by at Chompies when I'm craving a deli sandwich or new york style bagel! Everything is so delicious with large portions. I always get their bagel and joe combo if I'm in a rush. The atmosphere feels like a busy deli in NYC. The service is excellent and very attentive. Their omelettes are excellent and come with a choice of bagel on the side. Its big enough for two people! This seems more of a breakfast/lunch place to me though as I've never been for dinner.
4	So I have eaten at allot of delis and this is one of the best I have been to. I had a half of chopped liver and a half of beef tongue, liver was ok and the tongue was thin and so tender. The give you allot of food but the sandwich only has the meet, if you want lettuce or tomatoes you need to ask and it's extra. The water was very friendly and helpful although it looked like he was in training. The bakery has a great selection and everything looks so wonderful that you want to try one of each. This is a great place and a must try and return.
3	Ok, so we went back to Chompies after having an unbelievably horrible experience.  We were with a group of about 20 and dragged to the Chandler Choppies kicking and screaming.  Although certain things were on the menu, they were, again, not available for purchase.  I think they just keep them there to frustrate the patrons.  Anyway, the food that did come out was hot, tasty, and abundant.  The service was very good too.  Bravo, Chandler Chompies.  I still miss NY deli, but would definitely go back should I be down your way again.
1	Dirtiest place I have ever been in wait staff could care less if you were there walked out never to return
5	Friday's AM Networking meeting with the SESORE Group.
4	Great service, even for a busy Saturday.  Our server was a grandmother too, which was really cool.  Food was above average but nothing great.  Bread/toast was good, pancakes I can't understand why they're popular, and actually the Southwest breakfasts were rather good - breakfast enchiladas, for example.  Popular spot, and I can see why.
3	I'm seriously behind in my Yelp reviews, but here's what I remember:The hostess had no hosting skills.  If you're going to walk by me 117 times before seating me, you could at least acknowledge I'm waiting.  The server had no serving skills whatsoever.  Do you seriously need to reach over me to take the condiments off the table and give them to someone else?  Petty, I know.  She was at least friendly and adequately attentive.Thankfully, the cook had some degree of cooking skills.  I had the Western sliders (challah rolls filled with BBQ brisket) and while nothing spectacular, it was solidly A-OK.  I think I prefer the Jewish sliders (brisket minus the BBQ, add a potato pancake).My favorite part of Chompie's is the window shopping after dinner in the bakery.  Sadly we were unable to be helped in the small window of time I had before the plus one decided it was taking too long.  A decision he later regretted I'm sure.
5	Where do I begin?I have a penchant for Jewish delis since I've lived in LA for several years. My favorites out there being: Canter's and Jerry's. Yeah, hate on me. I like what I like.Today, it was time for something a little different for lunch. I was sick of eating leftovers or a Trader Joe's salad. I hopped onto Yelp and read some of the reviews of this place since it seems that Chompie's has quite the reputation around town.I pulled up the menu and was surprised to find out that there is a "Fitness Boot Camp" menu. Most items here are reasonable...somewhat. This is a Jewish deli afterall....a glutton's paradise. I ordered the Mile High Turkey Pastrami on Multi Grain Bread with Fruit Salad. My tomato, lettuce and onion was all on the side. No condiments on the sandwich. Perfect. I didn't need to request it this way. Thank God.When I came in to pick it up, the person who prepared my sandwich, opened up the box, went over my sandwich with me to make sure it was everything I asked for. AWESOME SERVICE.I walked out of there with a smile. The sandwich was delicious. The turkey pastrami was NOT dry, the bread was fresh, the fruit was perfect, and I was a very happy camper. I can't wait to come back! Chompie's....you are awesome. Challah!
3	You really can't go wrong going to Chompies! The location on Shea is definitely a little slower service compared to the Tempe location but the food is the same.  It is not the most amazing food but it is still just what you are craving.  I love the matzo ball soup, not too salty just right!  I also love the fact that you can cram as many pickles in you mouth as possible, like an all you can eat pickle buffet! The best Jewish deli i have been to in the Phoenix area.
3	Not a bad place,.i suppose. I had the turkey and dressing and it was quite tasty, but I didn't like the presentation. The spinach was a bit under cooked for my liking.
3	Good deli with a broad array of NY style deli meats and pastries.  I ate here a couple of times and would do so again.  The flavors are a bit off from what you would find in a traditional Jewish deli (I grew up in Brooklyn) but very good and better than a lot of the so called traditional delis in Chicago.  Definitely worth a try if you are in the area.
2	Portions are massive, prices are high and the taste...well I've had better. Now I am speaking of breakfast, I haven't had lunch there yet. I don't even like the bagels they sell in the grocery store, the store brand tastes better.
4	Chompie's for breakfast! There breakfast is great - the service is always good and their "corned beef hash" is the best!
5	Really? What is up with this place? Can I ever walk out of here without being stuffed and not having finished my meal???? I tried to be smart this time ordering a half sandwich-still too much. Thank goodness I take my doggie bags home to my little 4-legger who enjoys good meat:) The pickles are the best thing going. I just love them and can't go there without eating the entire dish of them. I was there mid morning and although not completely packed with people it was pretty full. The sandwich was so good on Jewish rye. I wish there was a location closer to where I live and then I would be in trouble cuz I think I would be there every day. Great place to go with friends after a medical procedure. Great location! Great Food. Great Service!!!!!
4	As anyone who reads my reviews, whether you like them or not, you realize I have two passions, corned beef and pizza. I knew I wasn't going to go here for the pizza, but from their menu, I thought I had a good shot at getting a decent hot corned beef on rye with mustard. Wrong. I have ordered a lot of items from Chompie's, the majority of them very good, which is why I gave them 4 stars. They are unique, their menu items are novel and I enjoy the variety. Where they fail, oddly enough is in the basic deli items. Their corned beef was not as tender as it could be. It was not sliced thin, there was not enough fat. Mo H remarked how good the pickles were? Really? I felt they were too soft, and not tart enough, although I do prefer a half sour.Where Chompie's hits the mark is with their unique menu items. You must try the "Jewish sliders." This is basically a shabbas meal put on a challah bun. Brilliant. The brisket is amazing. So tender, like butter, the potato pancake is perfect, I don't know why they add cheese, but I would ask them to refrain. It is terrific. Their matzoh ball soup is one of the best I have had. The broth is superb. Not too chickeny, although the cup contains a bounty of carrots and celery, the soup is not overpowered in their flavor. The matzoh ball has the perfect density.If you are in for breakfast, try the breakfast skins, but make sure you have about 8 people with you to eat these. Another novel take on something which has become so common, potato skins. Who would have thought about taking a bagel, topping it with scrambled eggs, potatoes, cheese, onions, sour cream. It works, and it is delicious.These are the kinds of menu items Chompie's does right. Unfortunately, the corned beef sucks.Don't leave without buying from the bakery. It is not the best bakery in the world. Canters in LA does better cookies, White Plains bake shop puts everyone else to shame with the cakes, but for Scottsdale, AZ, the black and white cookies are pretty good.
4	Wife and I stopped here after attending a D-Back game. It was Sunday around 5:00pm. Not busy at all, we were seated very quickly. After waiting for a little time we were finally served water and asked for our drinks. Right away I asked if we can order one of their sliders so we can try it before our dinner. Waiter said no problem. Now their sliders are very good, It's like a whole meal in a bun! Don't know how anyone can eat their 12 sliders challenge! NO WAY!! Wife had their crispy chicken wrap, I had their all you can eat ribs. Wife's wrap was awesome! Very tasty, and her side dish of potato salad was just as good!! Their ribs were OK, not much meat, very fatty, even though I packed away 13 ribs!! Mom, it sounds worst than it is!! There just weren't that much meat! No wonder it's all you can eat! Now I am writing this review the next mourning and I can still feel the wrath of the ribs!! I will definitely go back. They have way too much items on their menu for us not to go back. But I will not longer order their ribs again.
4	The breakfast items are a little bland, i.e. bagel sandwiches and breakfast burritos. This place is always busy though, so I assume the rest of the items on the menu are really good. Staff is nice, if a little slow sometimes.
1	If my Jewish grandmother lost all of her passion for living and then opened up a restaurant, this is what the food would taste like.
5	If you are looking for a great NY deli & bakery in Phoenix, look no further than Chompie's.  Amazing selection, freshness, big portions, good value, and friendliness are their strong suits. They serve breakfast all day and their menu is huuuuuge - so hard to choose from so many great choices!I've been to Chompie's quite a few times now and have no complaints, so 5 stars! Usually, we just pop in for a bagel and cream cheese (HUGE selection of both) or get a sandwich to eat at the 'self-serve' counter. I love the bagels - just the right east coast texture - and the strawberry-almond cream cheese is wonderful. We've sat in the restaurant twice and the service is always quick and friendly. They are famous for their sliders for a reason. Mini challah rolls with lean brisket, mini potato pancakes, jack cheese, gravy, topped with fried onions - this is great comfort food. Biscuits were so light and taste homemade and their gravy is very good. French toast w strawberries didn't disappoint. I look forward to working my way thru the menu and the pastry case. Now, if I could only finish my plate one of these times...
3	We waited for ever at our table. Bathrooms were out of service. Waited even longer to get the food. Must have been the cooks night off. Food was awful. Even the kids complained. The pickles were still great. Daughter cleaned them out again. Really disappointed this night. Will stick to the one down in Tempe.
4	This is not very far from my home, but for some strange reason, I have never visited there.  Maybe because we don't have New York Deli's in Spokane, and I'm not familiar with the idea.The other day, I agreed to meet my son and little granddaughter there for coffee and a bagel, and found that it is much more than just a bagel stop.  They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu.  I had breakfast - the choices were very diverse - including skillets, various pancakes, bagels (of course), french toast, omelets, and a number of other items.  The servings were large, and the service very prompt and friendly.  Most importantly, the prices were more than reasonable.The only thing that I disliked, was that they did not have hash browns.  They do have potatoes as an option with the meals, but you cannot actually classify them as hash browns.  They are good - but not quite a replacement for hash browns and gravy.I actually like it so much, that I stopped and had breakfast two days later on the way to the golf course.  Again, great breakfast at very reasonable prices.  Although I usually don't eat lunch, I am going to have to make an effort to stop in and try their lunch menu. And their deli counter, and all the different varieties of bagels.
1	Chompie's, based on my three visits, is very unfriendly to children, and I'm speaking of well-behaved 11 year olds, not crying babies.
1	I had breakfast at the Chompie's at the Mercado Del Rancho Center and it pains me to write that this breakfast stands out as the worst breakfast I have ever had, ever. If you think about it, you really have to go out of your way to screw up breakfast but they managed.We knew we were off to a bad start when we stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes (Please Wait to be Seated) for someone to seat us in a 1/2 empty dining room. The waiter was attentive so no problems there. The problems started when the food arrived. 3 of us had menu variations of corn-beef hash and poached eggs. The corn-beef had the look and texture of road kill and the eggs were hard boiled. 2 of us requested that the eggs be re-done but only one of us received it after assurances from the wait staff that it was "on its way...". The food was also more or less room temp when it arrived.To be fair, there are a lot of Chompie's and maybe this was a bad day at a singe location. The menu is extensive and I did see other customers orders that looked more appetizing. It would appear that they have good food but the execution was the problem. We might try it again and order something different.
5	I go out a lot... my fridge consists of Lea & Perrin Worcester Sauce and bottled water... so when I say this place had one of the BEST breakfast places... it is my favorite meal of the day and I think I've tried EVERY breakfast joint in AZ.I think I have tried everything on the menu, but I have to say if I had to pick just one... it would be the corned beef hash.  The lunch and dinner menu has so many choices that I've been here at least a 100 times and I don't think I've ordered the same thing twice. Everything is a standout, but if I had to say what menu item would a new customer not leave without trying... is the Matzo Ball soup!! Absolutely the best I've had (sorry grandmother!).I've been to the other 3 locations and they are all great with wonderful service and quality food. The Scottsdale location decor is probably a little drab while the other locations are more updated, but the location is superb and easy to find.
3	My husband and I both come from great Jewish Deli states (Michigan and NYC.)  We both know what good Jewish Deli should taste like and Chompies is.....OK.  I can forgive the bread.  I understand that on this side of the country it is simply impossible to make really good bread because of the water.  Chompies rye bread and bagels are actually the best I've tasted in Arizona.  What I can't forgive is the corned beef and pastrami.  They are both so chewy and fatty and I don't understand why, even if I order it lean it still comes out extremely fatty!  To be honest every time I've tried a sandwich from Chompies I've been disappointed.  When we go here my husband usually orders a cheeseburger, he loves Chompies cheeseburgers, their fries and coleslaw are also very good.  I usually get a chopped liver appetizer.  Their chopped liver is amazingly good; it reminds me of my childhood making chopped liver with my grandma in her kitchen!  My new love at Chompies is the brisket sliders, they are yummy!  Their brisket is really really good and it's a huge amount of food! I always take at least one home.   I'm going to try the western sliders next time we go, I'm sure they'll be as good as the original.I go to Chompies at least once or twice a month to pick up a ridiculous amount of smoked fish for my husband and me to eat over the weekend.  They have all the classic smoked fishes you'd expect at a Jewish Deli, my personal favorite is sable; yes it is worth $40 a pound :)  Their whitefish salad is also really good, it has large pieces of white fish in it and scallions.  They also have a lot of different flavors of cream cheese including my husband's favorite, olive pimento.  The bakery section takes me back to my childhood.  It reminds of going to the Jewish Bakery on Friday mornings with my mother to get bread for Shabbat dinner.  It doesn't hurt that they have my favorite apricot hamentacshen!
1	I guess this is an east coast/midwest thing because I really don't get it. I'm not a picky eater and I HATE wasting food and money, but I could not finish my plate. I ordered french toast and I was not aware that my french toast was going to be deep fried. Seriously, when I put my fork through it, a piece of fried toast hit me in the eye. My husband was also not impressed with his food. If someone would like to suggest something delicious on the menu that I should try, please let me know because I currently want to vomit every time I see a Chompie's.
5	Pastrami is fabulous. Most flavorful and tender we've had. If you want a lean meat then don't go pastrami-ever!  We couldn't believe the generous portions. The matzo ball soup is a must try, unless you're not a fan of a dumpling style soup. We recommend the sweet potato fries and the potato salad. The coleslaw is good but we tend to like it a bit more vinegary than it was. My friend thinks it's a bit pricey, but I willingly pay a few extra bucks for food prepared fresh and not from a bag. And if you want fresh you'll love the garlicky pickles. Yum!
2	***********Little Known Secret About Chompie's Rye Bread*********+++++++At their Deli Counter they charge a $1 more than Fry's+++++++FACT............Chompie's sells their Rye Bread to Fry's for resale.FACT............half loaf at  Chompie's $3.99FACT............half loaf at Fry's $2.99Their prices have exceeded the level of acceptability.Our Deli of choice is Miracle Mile ....... Great Quality ..... at Fair Prices.      **********We no longer eat at any of Chomie's 3 locations**********
1	We've been going to Chompies for a very long time, and I can honestly say we have seen our last visit.  If you haven't been in a while, be prepared for a huge menu change, and the choices that once existed are gone.  It seems like 50% of the menu is gone, and all my old favorites are certainly gone.  I can't really say whats going on, but our last two visits I can say started out fair, then slipped directly in to unacceptable.  I can say i never thought it was great, but I always thought Chompies did mediocre perfectly.   So I'll lay it out like this.  Burger, ordered medium, came out raw.  I'm not saying undercooked, I am saying the ground meat was RAW.  the cheese was melted, so I know someone put it on the grill to cook it.   Now talk about uncomfortable, we showed our server, who brought the manager (which we didn't ask for I assure you) who brought out a line cook...  What are you thinking, show him this health hazard somewhere else.  I did jokingly say I felt somewhat lucky we had Scottsdale Healthcare right next door after this one.In the same meal, we had two deli sandwiches.  All I can say was the meat was rubbery and wet.  Yes, wet.  To me it was almost like it came out of the freezer or something, sliced and put on the sandwich.  YUCK.  Now about the service which on my latest visit was ridiculously bad.  The waiter forgot items, didn't return to the table, and all, given the restaurant had 10 customers all together was horrendous.  (BTW, it wasn't our waiter who brought over the manager it was someone else, he was nowhere to be found)  Now my other recent visit, the service was stellar (at the PV Mall restaurant).  Our server was more than on, he was outstanding.  In fact, for that visit, the service was a solid 5/5... food was 1.5/5 on that one.Anyway, for us, we have seen our last visits to Chompies.  I should throw in our out of town Guests, stopped going back last year except for one hold out, who has finally said its over as well....   Everything changes, and if you can't even do mediocre, then there isn't much left...
4	So far I have only been to Chompie's for breakfast, but everything I have tried has been great.  The fitness omelet is amazing!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the potato latkes and on a third visit I treated myself to scrambled eggs and bacon with fruit.  I have also managed to snag bites of the eggs benedict, corned beef hash, french toast, chicken and waffles and pancakes.  They have yet to disappoint.Now I need to come back closer to lunch time so I can finally try their mazah ball soup.  It looks delish!
1	I had such a terrible experience at Chompies that it inspired me to sign up for Yelp to write this review.As a whole, the restaurant was hectic, dirty, overpriced, and had terrible food. It is amazing that this place is in business. My girlfriend and I are new to the area and still drive around to find new places to have lunch during our work break. Our most recent pick for lunch was at a bakery/deli called "Chompies." Chompies was NOT a break from work; eating at Chompies made McDonalds look like a 3-star restaurant. If you want to eat at a restaurant that has completely given up, by all means stop by!First off - STIMULUS OVERLOAD!! I felt like I walked into a Chuckie Cheese on a Saturday. There was so much noise in the restaurant, that everyone had to scream in order to have a conversation. With the bakery and the restaurant, it was very confusing and there did not seem to be a lot of order in what was going on. Also, the decor of the restaurant just screamed tired, old, diner. I have never seen a menu that was even half as large as Chompies menu - it is roughly 10 pages, small print! There are probably 400 items! How can a restaurant make even a tenth of those dishes fresh and ready to order? Answer: impossible, which means probably a lot of frozen food, food made the previous week, and microwave city. This is what went through my mind as I saw this menu (On a side note, a previous yelper I just saw said that she was disappointed to see that the menu had been cut in half!! I hope that this was a typo!).Despite the large menu, we thought Hey, if we get one of their most popular items, it must be out of this world for people to put up with the commotion and stress involved with just being here. So, we both ordered "the Reuben Combo," a half reuben sandwich and a cup of soup with a side of cole slaw. What we got was one of the cheapest things on the menu, which we thought was even pricy for half a sandwich ($10). Most items on the menu seemed way too expensive for what it was.Suffice it to say, when the Reuben came, we were not surprised to find that it was terrible. We didn't even get rye bread - at a bakery! What we got was, with how much butter slathered on it, tasted like a piece of white bread french toast. The whole sandwich was greasy and that was basically all I could taste was oil, butter, and grease. The soup was dreadful - sorry that was too kind it was disgusting. It tasted like/was a poorly reheated 33 cent can of off brand Campbells chicken noodle. The cole slaw, being that it was digestible, was the best thing we ate for lunch that day - all three bites of it.The waiter, on the other hand, deserves a medal or prize of some sort for putting up with what seemed like complains from every table and still being pretty pleasant. Our waiter did a pretty good job, I would give him 4-stars. Other waiters were not all in the same uniform, which them look unprofessional.
2	Dinner:  Decent AZ Deli food Breakfast:  Good selection and consistentPrice:  AverageCrowd:  Mostly seniors or young families with kidsService:  Horrendous (would be 3 stars if they had decent service)
3	OK first I must admit that I do eat here at least once a month and have for a couple years but thats because there are no alternatives in the East Scottsdale Shea area.  Please someone build a breakfast place here that is smart enough to have free internet.  I can't believe I pay high prices for breakfast at a joint that is to cheap to deliver free internet to their clients.  I always have to sponge off Kinkos and thats painfully slow.  Its 2012 if you sell coffee and breakfast you better offer internet.  The display cases look great but most of the deserts that I have had taste a little stale.  The most impressive thing about this place is the photos of the owner rubbing elbows with all the Hollywood Elite.  Maybe thats why breakfast costs more than $10.00 somebody has to pay for all those expensive friends.  The employees are very nice the coffee selection limited and average tasting.  Bagel sandwiches are good.  I have been informed by employees who work there that they have failed many health inspections so I try to stick to coffee and bagel and avoid the eggs and meat.  All in all very average yet convenient.
3	Place is nicer than I anticipated, but I think I just had it confused with Blimpie's. Extensive menu. Kind of like an upscale Denny's. Lots of old people. Not that there's anything wring with that. Got the Heuvos Rancheros. Price was about 15% too high. Service prompt but neither rushed nor overbearing. Wish the crowd was a little hipper, like me.
4	The Ruben was just to die for, I relished every bite. One of the best corned beef sandwiches I've had, right up there with the famous Schwartz's Deli in the Jewish quarter of Montreal. They had clam chowder that day and it was some of the best I've had as well, and that's saying something, right? The service was alright, they took my order, brought me my sandwich, were polite, what else do I need? Oh and the half-sandwich deals make a lot of sense as the sandwiches are monsters that can probably feed a whole family. Even the half sandwich made me feel pretty damn full, and I am not a wimpy eater.Update 4/30/12: I went here again today and I decided to lower my review from 5 stars to 4. Got the Ruben again and though it was really good, I realize it is just not quite up to the revered 5 star level. Can I re-emphasize how enormous these things are? I ate like half of half of the sandwich, which was just loaded with corned beef, and felt so full I had to wimp out on the rest.
1	Don't waste your money or appetite! I can only speak to this location, but I wish there was a way to get both of mine back. We went on a Saturday evening, and because of the noise level and air conditioning, we asked to be seated outside. We were curtly told "no". We the asked if we order "to go", if we could sit on the patio to eat. You would have thought we were asking for the moon. To make a long story of terrible service shorter, after waiting a half hour to get an order that was cold and incomplete, we had to beg for silverware and and napkins - they obviously resented our use of the patio and did everything possible to "punish" us for our decision. Their strategy worked; we not only regretted sitting outside, but choosing this restaurant in the first place- we will NEVER make that mistake again.When I asked to speak to the manager, they would not even indulge that request.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY WHERE IT'S NOT APPRECIATED
3	Good vegan split pea soup, prices a bit high for what you receive though.
3	IMO, Chompie's gets a solid 4 for food.  I have never not had a good meal here.  Sandwiches are intense - brisket and turkey is my favorite.  Great knishes...  Overall, really decent deli and great rye bread.  :)My complaint, and why I dropped the star, is that I have also never not been wrongly overcharged, or had them get a take-out order wrong.  This happened today, in fact, as I was in buying a lot of Mothers Day pastry.  And I was charged for items I didn't receive.  Same thing always happens with deli takeout too, though more often, they get the order wrong.  Of course, you don't realize this until you get things home, and you'd think I'd learn to double check before I leave, but the place is always a bit of a madhouse.  Good food, but if you do take out, check things before you pay.  They seem to have an issue with not getting the items and the bill to coincide.
4	We moved here from Northern NJ where a NY style deli is worshiped right along with any big religion yet in our last few years there, all the great NY style delis by us were closing in rapid succession.  Going into NYC just wasn't an option each time I wanted some half sours and a knish.   It took moving to Scottsdale, AZ to find a solution - go figure.The gigantic menu you'd expect, pretty good bagels, great breads, not to mention the grilled cheese/Jewish sliders/patty melt/kosher dog with kraut/knish/fresh chips/potato salad/macaroni salad - all are awesome.  I did not care for the Reuben I tried, however, I am crazy picky about corned beef and I realize that a true NY deli serves the meat a little fatty so that's my hangup.  Husband had an omelet today that could have fed 4 people - he loved it. If you are going to Chompies with someone and it is their first time, force them to look at the menu online first or you will be filling up on half sours for some time as they decide.Great service, efficient but not pushy.
1	I used to love Chompies no more. I got served yet another overly fatty, overly salty corned beef sandwich that was nothing but a mound of crumbly fatty meat. Where is Robert Irvine when u need him?
4	Only things to order: Jewish Sliders & Matzah Ball SoupSeriously, the other stuff on the menu is just decent...the two items above are what we one for.
4	I'm a fan of Chompies!  I usually eat at the one in the Mall but when I'm on his side of town I always seem to find a reason to stop by B^)I've never had a bad experience at Chompies!  They are very consistent with how they serve their food and their service!Food~ It's a strong 3 stars for me!  I prefer their sliders ~ pastrami is good and their matzah ball soup, potato latkes are also good as well.  Service~ It's always exceptional!  Everyone's very attentive and eager to help you find whatever deli item, your craving!  5 starsPastries~ Total 4-5 stars!! They have some amazing pastries, cookies, cakes you name it ~ they make it!!Whether you have time to eat or not, I will always find a reason to stop by to eat in or pick up something to go because they are very good and consistent at what they cook and serve!! I hope to see you there!
2	Chompie's used to be one of my favs, i used to eat there all the time a couple of years ago, today i went to the shea location, which i always used  to goto & it was pathetic..ordered the "aaron" sandwich, the sweet potatoe fries were so bad & soggy even the waiter said, taste those & tell me if they are good before i said anything..they replaced & still were horrible..the bread tasted stale..there was literally a smidge of cole slaw instead of actually having cole slaw on the sandwich..it was just horrible..i wasted my time & my apetite on junk..oh ya plus $25 for a bad time!ps: the place is looking pretty run down & didn't smell too good inside (which another reviewer also mentioned)i'm not sure if management changed or what.....how ever the service was good & the manager came to ask me if the food was good after the waiter told her about the fries being so bad, but i just said, yes all is good thanks...didn't want to sit and complain!
1	As a person that grew up in NYC I can tell you that whatever it is they think they serve is nothing but delusion on a plate.Not to mention this was my THIRD time to go there after giving it more than one chance. Let's start with the food - maybe at one point when they were first founded it was done with care but now it seems like the cooks do not really want to come into work. The "turkey Ruben" was basically a hunk of old turkey soaked in grease and put on hard as a rock bread that was brought back to life with more grease before adding butter and toasting the minerals out of it, add a slice of American cheese and a hand full of cole slaw that was thrown in the air and whatever landed on the sandwich stayed, $11 for that is a disgrace. I returned it as I was just appalled by such disrespect for food, the manager came out what must have been 15 minutes later to "talk" to me - that turned into him arguing and yelling at me before leaving the area and slamming the door. Into service - every time I have been there it was usually empty to medium business and without fail it takes about 45 minutes to get the appetizer every time. Now you'd think it would be fresh and piping hot - nope, it was luke warm at best and had a microwave taste to it. If I was at some coney in south Phoenix I wouldn't care but in Scottsdale and for $40... Not gonna happen.
4	Chompie's is a well known, NY style restaurant & bakery, so I'm not breaking any new ground here... but as an ex-New Yorker living in Southern California, it was a natural for me to want to try it while on vacation with my family in Scottsdale, AZ.We stopped off twice during the week... once for lunch and a second time for breakast before driving out of town  (because we liked it so much).  LUNCH:First off I have to compliment them on having HALF-SOUR PICKLES on the tables.  I miss this from delis back in NY.  It's hard to find them on the west coast.  For lunch my wife ordered their famous sliders (yes, the ones on the Man vs. Food challenge) although she only ate one of them.  They were very tasty though.  I had the Pastrami Reuben which I liked very much.  My mother-in-law had some Matzah ball soup... to be honest I didn't care for that very much... (and yes, I grew up with it and know good matzah ball soup). My daughter had the sauteed perogies which were very good too.  My sons had burgers.... they liked them, but then again, they're just burgers.  We also had a side of onion straws which were OK.  Overall the food was good though.We also picked up some bagels, knishes and italian pastries for the hotel room since we were going to be there all week.  The deli counter looked fantastic: more pickles, cream cheese spreads, fish (salmon & whitefish) and salads.... as well has hebrew national salamis.  I felt like I was almost back in NY.  The bagels were good...but then again, after spending the past 8 years out of New York... any bagel had to be better then what I get in California.  I had a potato & onion knish later that night... it was awesome.  Just like in a new york kosher deli.BREAKFAST:We came back on Saturday morning for breakfast.  breakfast sliders, bagels & lox, pancakes, etc.  All were very good.  My "All Salmon" bagel (with cream cheese, lox & nova, capers, onions & tomato) hit the spot.  Very good. My ONLY complaint is that we sat in the back room.  It had an awesome mural on the wall of some of the great New York Yankees (which I LOVED) ... From right to left was Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, Reggie Jackson and Don Mattingly.....  My complaint?  Where's JOE DiMAGGIO??  Really?  Ok.  A very minor gripe from a true Yankee fan. :)Man Vs. Food:  Adam Richman was here for the "Ultimate Slider Challenge".  He didn't win.  But there is a small wall towards the back of the restaurant which is the "Wall of Fame".  I took a pic of my youngest son there as he LOVES that show and always thinks that HE can win the challenge.  Maybe someday.... but there was no way he was going to eat all those sliders. Bottom line?  Chompies is a must stop in Scottsdale.
3	Had a good sandwich with good ingredients.
4	I've ordered breakfast at many places.. but Chompie's blows them all out of the water! I absolutely love their french toast! My mouth is watering right now just thinking about it. They have fantastic lunch and dinner, too. And the best thing is that Chompie's is reasonably priced. Please don't read too much into reviews with people complaining about any 'bad service' they've received. Sure, it happens sometimes. It happens every where, in fact. That is inevitable. But I think you're better off trying out Chompie's for yourself. I think you'll be glad you did!
3	I had been very curious about trying Chompies and when I saw Man vs. Food I knew I had to go. The Jewish sliders were good, not great. The brisket was tender and the bun was soft, yet I was still looking for something to make it worth the small fortune I paid for this lunch. The carrot cake is exceptional! I will go back for the bakery definitely, and maybe for the deli. I would like to try the corned beef or pastrami.
1	I want to clarify that the Tatum and Cactus location is great, but this one really needs help. First, the service was horrendous. Young people who are clueless as far as serving goes.  Is this a training location for their employees???? Come on, folks. And...vacuuming the carpet while customers are eating is just gross. Going back to the bathroom, I noticed a stench and a big hole in the ceiling. What is going on with this location??? Thirty minutes after eating, I had to visit the bathroom with urgency. This is unacceptable for a Chompies. Get with the *&^(%(!  program folks.
2	The food here is good basic Jewish deli food.  I especially love their bagels but, had to walk out tonight as five people behind the counter couldn't get to me in over 15 minutes.  I was second in line.  They were NOT busy at 8pm.  The people in line with me were not happy either.  Ill be back tomorrow for some more bagels.  Maybe I will have a better experience.
4	Food:-Ogre portions of everything-Chicken noodle matzo ball soup, tasted like standard chicken noodle soup; I didn't know what to do with half of a matzo softball after I ran out of soup-Reuben, tasty, stacked high with about 20 layers of red meat, looked like a giant piece of brick on the side-Latkes, boring potato patties-Sweet potato fries, they don't make in house, too soggy/bland on the sideService:-A little slow bringing out the food, pretty standard in generalReason for the high rating- SUPERB issue resolution:I found a piece of eyelash/hair or something in the sour-cream and had the waiter bring the whole plate of latkes back, didn't really think about it twice since it wasn't a big deal after the waiter said he'd take it off our bill. Two additional things happened next-1. The hostess came over to hour table moments later, telling us that she heard about the incident, apologized, reassured us that their kitchen is in compliance with health inspection standards, etc., unexpected but nice gesture2. The waiter apologized again for the kitchen mishap, and told us they took 50% off our entire bill, for that one piece of eyelash I found in my sour-cream side... ABOVE and BEYOND.
5	My girlfriend Anna and I LOVE this place.  We've been here twice before and will be here many times in the future.  Anna is from New York and she can attest this is the closest thing AZ has to a NY deli.  Huge, delicious portions.  YUM!
4	Good food. We mostly go for omelets and skillets for breakfast. At lunch there are giant sandwiches, good salads but also interesting entrees. This is sort of a Jewish deli but not exactly. Interesting bagels and some interesting ethnic dishes. Service is usually not an issue.
3	There's something really magical about a genuine Jewish deli. It's huge and filled with great halvah candies and black/white cookies--what's not to love? Their menu, and consequently their portions, is humongous. When I entered the deli, I glowed like a child in a candy store. Substitute candy for grease, of course.So why the 3 stars? Just like a kid who overdoses on sugar, I certainly got a week's worth of grease in just one bite of my meal. I ordered a Montecristo sandwich (my fav) and they somehow turned it into a cube of oil. My hands were glowing with grease and I could feel my body cursing me for subjecting it to that sandwich.As happy and excited as I was to enter the restaurant, I felt equally shitty when I was done with the meal.Distinguishing factor: Menu and portions that will certainly rival your appetite. You won't leave hungry.
4	Although I think on some level the atmosphere (how many Jewish delis are there in the Phoenix area?) and mammoth proportions somewhat overshadow how good the food at Chompie's actually is, at the end of the day this is a solid restaurant with good food.I have only been to this location one or two other times prior to this last visit (and it/they were both a LONG time ago), but I have been to the Tempe one from time to time when I'm in town for a visit & despite the different layouts (for some reason this one "feels" more like a Jewish deli), the food & service at both locations are similar.I don't like pickles at all, but it's nice that they put them out at your table like some restaurants do w/bread, chips/salsa, etc...The menu here is HUGE and breakfast is served all day, which I like. Last time I was here I had a chorizo & cheese omelet, and it came w/home fries (I think I could have substituted them for fruit or cottage cheese, but I was on vacation) and a bialy (can substitute w/bagel, English muffin, or toast). This was a TON of food. The omelet & homes fries were a bit greasy, but hey, they were good. I do LOVE that Chompie's serves bialies! The service here can be a bit slow, but nothing TOO much worth complaining about. At the end of the day Chompie's is a solid spot.
3	I have enjoyed meals at three of the four Chompie's locations in the Phoenix area.  I went this evening with a group of friends and family to the Chompie's location in Scottsdale.  Our table was ready for us very quickly and we were able to order quite soon after we sat down.  We needed to ask for water refills though to give them credit, we did have a large group and it was not always clear exactly what we were needing.  As for food itself, there are some wonderful deals on the menu from combo meals to other daily specials.  I ordered the Soup, Sandwich, and Slaw deal.  I ordered the half sandwich as pastrami and the soup as chicken noodle soup.  Both appeared quite appetizing though they both ended up being only luke warm.  The food was still "a-okay."  This has not been my typical experience at the Paradise Valley or Tempe Chompie's, which is why I still gave this rating 3 stars.  As this is my only experience in years at this particular location, I wanted to clarify my reasoning. I still recommend Chompie's, especially for Jewish holidays such as Passover or Rosh Hashanah.  I also love the bakery and all that it has to offer.
4	Open early!
2	6/6/13* Update*Have been going in steady for the past few weeks to get my morning bagel. The usual gal's that help me are always friendly and prompt. Today, one of the regulars got my bagel ready, but a different person rang me up. Charged me more than what I've been getting charged. When I questioned, the person got offended and would hear nothing of it, just kept quoting me the new price. If I'd been getting some special price for the past few weeks, how was I to know, I was just paying what I'd asked, now I get a 33% increase and am not supposed to question it? I'm just asking for some courtesy and consistency. *************The food is good as are the portion sizes but the prices are high. service leaves a little to be desired. Stopped in today for a bagel and coffee. Ordered an untoasted bagel with light veggie cream cheese, received a toasted with plain. Was not busy, the counter person just flat out ignored my request.  Don't even think of calling the dark water they serve, coffee. Weakest cup of Joe I've had in the Valley.
3	Okay, I might have been a tad harsh after several bad experiences two years ago!  One of their waitresses moved back to Europe, and things kind of went down hill for a while. We have been back to this location several times and the service has been improving.  Today is a good example.  I came by for a Baker's Dozen around noon time. It was a madhouse! Folks standing everywhere waiting to be seated. But, I was in and out within ten minutes or so.  David was directing traffic from behind the counter and doing a very good job.  BTW, it was only $9.42 for those thirteen bagels/ bialys!  So, so much better than the ones at Fry's and almost as good as New York Bagels 'N Bialys.The major drawback continues to be their slower period around dinner time.  Like I said it's getting better. I guess if you've been on your feet for 5/6 hours and things slow down; you look for an opportunity to catch your breath.  The food is very good, lets say Four Stars.  Service is Three Stars-ish.  And that New York kvetching?  Priceless!Enjoy!
4	All I can say is how nice it is to have a true deli restaurant so close to home when I'm so far away from home (Chicago).  Whether you're in the mood for breakfast (served ALL DAY), lunch (sandwiches) or dinner (entrees), Chompie's has the best breakfasts, best sandwiches (the corned beef sandwich will give you enough meat to make another 2-3 sandwiches), and best home cooked entrees I've ever eaten at a deli.  Plus, their matzo ball soup is TO DIE FOR!!!  Big, soft balls just like my grandma used to make!
1	Being a former "New Yawka" I treasure my NY deli food.  With that being said, Chompie's used to be the only game in town.  This review is specific to the Scottsdale location. I would go back to the PV Mall location, but I'm all finished with the Scottsdale/Shea location.  The 4 of us went to eat, it was NOT busy. Our waiter, who had NO personality attempted to take our order. I asked for a corned beef on Kaiser roll. He told me they were 50 cents extra. I asked if he could please show me on the menu, where it said that, since it was not obvious to me and I couldn't see it.  I honestly didn't care about the 50 cents.  He said he doesn't know where on the menu it said that, but he knew it was there.  Ok, fine, I ordered my kaiser roll, prepared  to pay the additional cost, since that's how I like my sandwich.  I got up to take a walk over to the bakery, while our food was being prepared.  The manager, who was on duty that night, came up to my husband at our table and basically shoved the menu in HIS face to show him where it said there was an additional charge for kaiser rolls.  So when I got back from the table, he pointed it out to me. I then, took it upon myself to go up to the manager AND the server and I told them I was sorry, I wasn't trying to be petty, but my husband showed me where it said the additional charge on the menu. I apologized and told them I just couldn't find it, since it wasn't THAT obvious.  Well the freakin manager LAUGHED at me after I apologized!  Are you KIDDING me? How many restaurants actually have a customer who says they are sorry and then you are going to laugh at me? Apparently they have no idea that YELP is my newest obsession! I will NEVER go back to this location...EVER!  There are WAY better NY deli's in town now. Watch out Chompie's.....you have some new competition....thankfully!
4	Great food, average service.
4	It has to be eons since we've been to Chompie's for Sunday brunch, or any other meal for that matter. When we first moved to Scottsdale seven and half years ago, Chompie's was our go-to place . . . it didn't matter if we wanted breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Personally, I could eat breakfast for all my meals anyway so Chompie's fits the bill perfectly for me. But we tired of it after probably four years and thousands upon thousands of calories . . . so we gave it a rest, a two and a half year rest. And the funny thing is . . . now having gone back for brunch, I think I could put Chompie's back on our regular go-to rotation.Some things have changed since we were last there, but all for the good . . . new upholstery, new look to the menu, new carpet . . . but the same faces are still there . . . and the good old standby items are still on the menu . . . Service on this particular Sunday at 11 am was brisk, polite, friendly. The coffee refills came on time without even asking. If I had any complaints, it was that the napkins are a little thin for such huge and sometimes messy meals and they neglected to set out place with knives.  My French omelet was divine, cooked perfectly.  I asked for the onions to be almost overcooked and they were, and my eggs were soft. If there is the slightest bit of brown on my omelet, it's a minus sign in my book. I usually can't finish a 3-egg omelet, but this was so delicious, I almost finished it -- okay, I left one bite. The home fries were also yummy, some a little charred, just the way I like it.  My hubby had the Long Island Expressway Skillet which came with plenty of Nova Lox, cheese, mushrooms, onions, scallions and potatoes. Loved it!As were were approaching the restaurant an older couple in a car rolled down the window, said they were from out of town visiting and asked where Goldman's was located . . . I said, you are in Chompie's parking lot, stay here, you'll love it . . . it's an experience!Somehow I made it past the bakery without buying a thing! Everything looks so pretty. They even have high-heel shoe pastry.  That was new to me! I'm sure we'll be back soon and I won't be able to control my urges.Thanks, Chompie's, for reminding me of what I was missing . . .
3	I am annoyed. Let me be clear, I've purchased dozens of bagels from this Chompies and they're always good. Big, fluffy with a little exterior crunch. The ordering process is simple and quick and the price is low.Yet, I am annoyed. I came in this late morning for a breakfast sammich. I ordered an everything bagel, toasted with a fried egg and sausage. I don't get down with the cheese. I get my sammich home and open it up and am immediately annoyed. Hence, why I'm annoyed. I will attach a photo, but allow me to describe. The bagel is burnt on the inside edges, like Black. The egg is overcooked, not hot and runny like it should be. And the sausage is literally the size of a silver dollar. It BARELY covers half the bagel. I mean, come on. I ate most of it, but it was dry, with no salt or pepper or any seasoning beside the bagel itself. The sausage tasted like nothing. So annoying. I will continue to buy bagels from Chompies, but I will never order anything else. And some old lady cut me in line after hovering over my shoulder for five minutes. Back off lady! Grrr.
5	Wow! I was at Mayo today and the RN recommended this place! Best breakfast ever! Hot and tasty and quick service. Can't wait to visit again! New York style food plus a fantastic bakery inside! Yumm! Way to go!
1	One star for the decent but waaaaaay overpriced turkey which to go.  No stars for the rudeness of the quote service unquote.  AN obvious trend here, talk back to overpaying customers about the price of a side soup and by no means thank anyone for their business.  Was so angry, had to walk out.  young female server at the counter....learn some manners.  I will never return to this joke of a deli.
1	went in for liver and herring for the holidays.Also some bagels. It was almost like I was being punked  as everyone ignored me. After painful begging  my friend and I got the holiday stuff we paid and went home. (Ok...no one there is at all friendly. Not helpful. The girl checking me out mumbled so badly we could not understand her. She then said something rude as I did not respond correctly to her mumbles..LOL)....got my bagel box home and someone screamed...look at this 13 perfectly uncooked round balls. Slightly brown on the top and you could put your finger through the center.Now in the trash..no response to my email to the company. Oh I know I should have returned them but an hour to Shea to be treated rudely was not happening.Never will go there again. Zero stars...one to get on but you know it is zero
4	I'm giving it one extra star because they offer gluten free hamburger buns, rolls & bagels. That is a huge plus in my book. I ordered a mile-high turkey sandwich on a gluten free roll and my boyfriend ordered a burger on a gluten free bun (he's not gluten free, but ordered it that way so I could try it too). The gluten free bun & roll are quite small compared to non-gluten free selections. Especially on the burger...his burger patty was at least twice the size as the bun! And we both found the gluten free bun & roll to be on the stale side. They were very crumbly, which is usually an indication that they're old. They make their own gluten free baked goods here which is pretty awesome, but it was unfortunate that we didn't get them fresh. But nonetheless, we were happy with our lunch.
3	Ample portions for breakfast special, but pancakes were dense.  Big bakery and seems to be popular with locals.
3	In my quest to find the best pastrami-on-rye in the Valley, Chompie's is a natural choice as it's probably the most famous -- if not the oldest -- Jewish deli around.  I ordered my usual sampling of a full sandwich with mustard and cole slaw, this time to go.  Would you believe me when I tell you that the price displayed on the cash register was ... wait for it ... $14.15?  Seriously."Uhm," said I, "let's go with a half instead."  This approached $9.00.  But this was the tastiest of the four places I've thus far sampled.  Although I very much appreciated the "clean" taste of the nicely lean meat at Goldman's, Chompie's pastrami is warm and fatty and served on the best rye yet.  Yum.  And the bread actually tastes like rye, not white bread with caraway seeds. And it holds together nicely.  The crust is actually crusty with a cornmeal crunch.Although lacking in flavor distinction, the pickle was nonetheless "bright" - obviously freshly made.Well played, Chompie's.  After I finish my pastrami sandwich survey, I MIGHT be back.  But I just can't see awarding four stars for an almost $15 sandwich, nice as it is.
4	Best bakery in town! Feels like new York
5	Have you ever had a rainbow cookie? No? well you haven't tasted heaven. Go to the bakery counter, ask for a rainbow cookie, just do it. I grew up in Long Island and have been living in various west coast cities for the last 5 years and nowhere makes me feel as at home as Chompie's does. Every time I'm there, I just feel so nostalgic and wish I could have everything on the menu displayed on the table in front of me as if my mom had just made way too much food for the holiday. Regardless of how awesome everything on the menu is, I will always order a Reuben. Sometimes if I'm feeling crazy I'll get the Reuben that has the coleslaw on it. Pastrami piled high, the perfect marble rye...I'm salivating right now. I am obsessed with the pickles they put on the table and the fried Matzo balls and can't say any bad things about this place. It's rare you find a restaurant that can remind you of your childhood and make you feel giddy like you just discovered some kind of secret that no one else knows about. Thank's for being awesome and making me feel like I have a piece of my NY home in Scottsdale Chompie's.
4	Anytime I am on Shea, I am here. Great food. True Jewish deli. Servings are large. I've ordered a wide variety off of the menu, everything from the lox to basic breakfast fare, soup, sandwiches,... and I've loved it all. Service is friendly. If they upgraded the outside eating area with misters and more shade, that would be a bonus. After you've realized you have zero room for dessert, don't forget to walk through the bakery display. I guarantee you will be leaving with a little something for later.
4	Not too busy at lunch time which is great for me since I'm usually on call at the hospital. The food here is tasty and fresh. The wait staff is very personable and did I mention the free pickles?
4	Went for breakfast on a Saturday morning with my husband and 14 month old son. The restaurant is large and clean. We were seated right away and the host brought us a highchair right away as well. (You'd be surprised at how often that gets neglected when we go out so I appreciate it!) He also asked if our son would like crayons and brought a kids menu for him to color. Thanks again!The breakfast menu is EXTENSIVE! I ordered the Breakfast of Champions: 2 pancakes, eggs, and turkey sausage. We ordered the kid's french toast for my son and my husband ordered the Chompie's Breakfast Sliders. We were all happy with our food. My husband's breakfast sliders were huge and looked delish! My only complaint was that the middle of my pancakes were still doughy, but other than that the food was good. The server was very attentive and pleasant and everything was reasonably priced. We'll definitely be back!
5	While Chompie's is supposed to be representative of a NY deli, who knew they would have the BEST blueberry pancakes AND I can get them any time of day. There have been more than one occasion where I order blueberry pancakes and coffee for dinner. Highly recommend trying the pancakes, will not disappoint. Oh! And the short stack is HUGE!
4	For an exNew Yorker, this is fabulous, my fav is Lovey's breakfast consisting of smoked salmon on top of sour cream & latkes topped w a mixture of cucumbers, onions, tomatoes & capers.  The cheese blitzes are also perfect.  The service is inconsistent - that's frustrating but wouldn't stop me from many return visits.
5	I always enjoy breakfast at Chompie's! We try to make it at least a couple times a month for a family outing and are never disappointed.  My kids love the Mickey Mouse pancakes and my wife does the gluten free pancakes.  I usually get one of the mouth watering omelets. Yum!!!
1	I had to go to Payson and meet a buddy for work, he asked for me to stop at Chompies (Scottsdale) and get a corned beef on rye and a side of slaw. It sounded good so I called the order (for 2) into Paul, he asked me to give it 10 minutes, I gave him 30.Went in, order not ready, in fact never placed, so I waited. First I paid, 2 sandwiches and a 2 sides of cole slaw, $33.00Immediately I thought they placed an order for 4 sandwiches, nope 2. Since my buddy asked for them , I bit my tongue and proceeded to pay. When I received the plate, 2 cole slaw (plastic cup the size of a silver dollar) and 2 sandwiches that were about 3 inches high. I first assumed when paying for these special meals the meat would be piled very high, but no. Oh yes, and I got 2 slivers of pickles, limpy and very tasteless. Corned beef, not good, rye bread was ok, lots of holes allowing mustard to squize out everywhere and the cole slaw, just ok.This isnt NYC or SF, $15.00 for a BS sandwich?I know the word Jewish deli comes with all the other reviews, sorry, from New York, this place is a poor example of a Jewish deli.
3	After returning from Isreal i decided to try an Isreali specialty at C's: chicken schnizel. C's cs was not as tasty but also not as greasy. We also had corned beef and asked for lean. Out it came fatty and grizzly and had to be sent back. To make up for that we were offered a small box of ruggela and other treats. Very good snd very nice of the management to want to make our experienc a positive one. The best was the brisket!!!
1	Went in for their 34th anniversary customer appreciation day. Had the Jewish sliders. If this is the way this dump celebrates its customers, count me out. What a joke.  Bland, crowded, unreasonably priced... No bueno.
4	I love Costco for selling discounted gift cards for Chompie's....that means more food for less money!  We come here often, so those discounted gift cards are perfect.  A few of my fav's that I get here:Texas Longhorn Burger, $12.79http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=8iuxMT4uUB2zBYVJaJGlQQ#8iuxMT4uUB2zBYVJaJGlQQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=eb3o9Un6ucvm2g4Rt7NAxg#eb3o9Un6ucvm2g4Rt7NAxgChipotle Ranch Burger, $11.29http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=05npArFRm9AnNoKwDI3bBQ#05npArFRm9AnNoKwDI3bBQWestern Sliders, $9.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=mosYOCNO5Z1XePBPqNW9_g#mosYOCNO5Z1XePBPqNW9_gFried Matzo Balls, $5.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=AjDtxR9er8FIR1I-cVOJtA#AjDtxR9er8FIR1I-cVOJtAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=FI7-9dXGNoFWfjh45rLJDg#FI7-9dXGNoFWfjh45rLJDgChicago Hot Dog, $6.69http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=fvuA5Q0ADFrXipgn3QmWXA#fvuA5Q0ADFrXipgn3QmWXADelancey Street aka Grandma Sadie's Meatloaf, $11.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=l_EZD9FErVmgQo9UghVpwA#l_EZD9FErVmgQo9UghVpwAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chompies-deli-scottsdale-2?select=sI-JBWHTXCPiinH2gThKcA#sI-JBWHTXCPiinH2gThKcAThese entrees are all awesome...and huge portions too, so bring a big appetite.The joint can get busy on the weekends, so we prefer to come during the weekdays when it's slower.Thanks to Man vs Food for introducing me to this place!  Return Factor - 100%
4	Good experience here on my first real visit. I still don't care for the bagels, but this meal was quite tasty. Not worried about prices here because Pastrami and Corned Beef are usually  13 bucks or so. The carnegie is even more, but they stack the meat way higher than Chompies, so that should be one thing that needs work. The pastrami was good, not the best ever, not as crumbly as some other true NY pastrami I have had before. The matzoh ball soup I had to try was an extra $2.99 for a bowl, which was a good deal. The matzoh ball was large and tasted great and the soup had all the stuff you need - noodles, chicken and carrots. The bagel chip that came with it with stale though. I also liked the free pickles pre-meal (in NY, you also get cole slaw) and I liked that you could sub fries for free instead of slaw or potato salad. It's a better deal because the salads are served in a small portion. Nice waiter also and a pretty good operation over at this location. On the way out I grabbed a $2.25 cookie with sprinkles and some chocolate in the middle which was very fresh. Good meal for a picky ex-new yorker.
2	I don't get the hype. We went for the customer appreciation day. It's just another over priced, no flavor, place. I was extremely disappointed.  You couldn't even pay me to go back there.The one great thing-- the employees were very nice.
5	Breakfast of champions.  This is my staple for a great breakfast or bagels and I always take out of town guests here.
4	In town for 2 days, went to breakfast here 2 days, because it's my dad's favorite place.  First day I ordered savory - got latkes with poached eggs. Both were done very well -the eggs were poached medium, exactly as I had asked.  2nd day I got the bobka french toast...which is basically the crumb topping on a coffee cake, but on top of your french toast instead.  Freakin' delicious, I tell ya.  The menu is huge, there were 5 of us ordering very different items, and everyone was very happy with the 10 selections over the 2 days we came.  Service was great both days.  Two negatives: the portions are ridiculous - I asked if I could order a half portion the next time I came and the server said no; and they don't have good coffee - no capuccino - but the server on the first day was very sweet and said we were welcome to bring something in from the Starbucks (okay-not good coffee but better than the coffeepot weak coffee) which we could see right out the window in the shopping center.  She also seemed frustrated that they couldn't offer that option. So I like her for that :-)
3	I went to Chompie's twice in one week, as I am sans-kitchen and it is nearby. I went the first time for lunch, had the pastrami sandwich (half) and the second for dinner and had the cobb salad. For the price of the sandwich and a drink, $14, I did not think it was worth it at all. The pastrami was nothing special and for a NYC style deli (yes I have been to many in NYC and out) the size did not even come close to what I expected. My second experience was much better. I paid less this time and got a huge cobb salad with an abundance of toppings. From the other orders I saw, and the price variations this place really depends on how hungry you are and what you are prepared to pay. Over all service was very friendly, no complaints there!
5	During a gentle weekend trip to Scottsdale, fellow Yelpers Victoria G. and Kami C. sang praises about Chompie's. I was instantly obsessed/overwhelmed with the carbs overload upon walking in. I settled on an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. And the three of us split what was easily 3 pounds of the home fries. Our eyes were hungrier than our stomachs. We were on a strict potato-heavy diet for the next 2 days. I hope to do it again very soon.
4	A NY style Deli with an entire gluten free menu. I'm pretty sure I died and went to Heaven. Sadly though, I was too hungry the morning we came here, and they actual made homemade gluten free waffles, but I was not feeling it that morning. :(I went with an omelet and gf bagel which was still epic that I could have a bagel. They have every option you can possibly imagine and as usual, huge portions. But for a very reasonable price. I wasn't hungry until dinner time. Def a cool place to check out for good eats.
5	Love this place... often go on a Tuesday before I go to chorus rehearsal, and knowing I'm going to sing later helps me (usually...) not eat too much.  The last time I went I had the Monte Cristo which was huge and wonderful. It is one of those weird sandwiches with ham, jam, and the bread is fried with powdered sugar on top. Sweet & savory in one go! I had to eat it with a knife and fork because it was way too huge to try and pick up with my hands.  I ate about a quarter of it at that time, took the rest to go.. had about 1/4 of it after chorus, and then finished the rest the next morning driving back down to Tucson... I thought it held up quite well!I love that that give you a plate of pickles to 'chomp on' while you look at the menu and wait to order.  They boil their bagels, and according to my friend who used to run a bagelry in Tucson, that is the best! Since going there, my diet is changing to plant-based and low-wheat options, and I know their menu can accommodate many "XYZ-Free" diets/lifestyles, so am looking forward to seeing what I will have next time.
4	This review is for their breakfast.  The menu is just way too large, as it took me twice as long to choose something.  But you can't say they don't have variety - you name it, they got it!  I had the apple pancakes and they didn't disappoint!  Portions are large.  Service is very good.  Apparently Ike Davis frequents this place, so if you're a Mets fan, that's a plus.  NY style deli?  I didn't see any taylor ham/pork loin on the menu!
2	First, I want to say from my experience, Chompie's food is very good. Not excellent, but very good.  The service, on the other hand was very poor.  Chompie's is a bit on the expensive side. If there service was good, I might accept that but with poor service, I can't give it higher than 2 stars. I went to the bakery during lunchtime on Sept. 13th. It was busy so I waited in line like everyone else. As I moved along in line I was asked for my order which included a few bagels, some cookies and a takeout sandwich.  So I'm pulled out of line by one lady who want to ring up my order at this cash register at the stat of the line, not at the end of the line where you usually pay.  I start to take out my wallet and she tells me credit card only, if I want to pay with cash,  I have to get back in line and wait for the OTHER cash register.  O.K. I give her my credit card to pay, but I'm thinking that was annoying. She tells me my takeout order will be ready soon. It was a simple bagel sandwich.  So I wait, and wait, and wait. 15 minutes later I ask the lady for the status of this, and it turns out the lady never sent the order to the kitchen so of course its not going to be done.  5 more minutes and its finally done.They need to get a bit more organized and provide better service, or I can tell you I will never be back.  There are too many other good places around to deal with one that couldn't care less about my business.
1	My wife and I felt like a good pastrami sandwich after a late appointment.  The service was ok but they were out of half-sour pickles and the hot pastrami was cold pastrami and it tasted like it had been sitting in the kitchen for awhile.  We told the waitress and she offered us a piece of cake or a cookie as a response.  We've been patronizing them for years, usually for a bowl of soup for lunch.  Tonight was the worst meal I've ever had there!.  We will not be back!
1	This place is overrated, over priced and over sized! The sandwich I had today had no flavor and was not made how I asked. I will not be visiting this place again.
4	my fiance and I absolutely love Chompie's Deli .... this one is not nearly as busy as the location in Tempe, which is definitely nice.  This one, instead of the 18-22 year old clientele, is definitely the senior citizen location :) They still have a deli, take-out, and sit-down options, along with a full bar :) I cannot go without getting the Jewish sliders ... they are just too good!!!
2	Sadly, I much prefer the Chompies in Chandler, AZ over the Scottsdale location.  Having been to Scottsdale one three times and all three I have been let down but none more than today.Breakfast on Saturday at 10:30 AM. and surprisingly, or maybe not, we got a table for two immediately.  Ray was our server and he immediately appeared with water and a very cheerful attitude.  The menu here has A LOT to look at so we stated our drinks and he said he would return soon.  After 15 minutes, he did return to take our order.  Now maybe because my husband was looking at the menu the whole time but not to pick anything only to kill time.  Ray walked past us several times in this 15 minutes (OK, I exaggerate, it was only 12 minutes) and never once looked at us to see if we were ready.  Only when I asked for some help, did Ray return.I ordered the Fiesta Omelet.  Bad choice.  This was a pile of messy scrambled eggs with some black beans.  I specifically ordered no onions or sour cream and got the no sour cream part but it was slathered in onions.  Also, the menu states it comes topped with ranchero sauce and cheese and avocado - none of these items were found on the plate.  I did ask for avocado and Ray stated, "Oh, does it come with avocado?"The meal was tasteless and after my annoyance of no cheese, hard to enjoy.  We were ready to check out and again, I had to go get Ray and ask for our check.  Usually, or it has been in the last several visits to Chompies, a manager stops by to see if all is OK.  This time - nope.  Not one because I would have stated the problem.Oh well... I'll just stick to the Chandler location now and won't order that omelet again.
3	The food, as always, was terrific. The service, however, was seriously lacking.  We have never been for dinner, just breakfast and lunch.  We thought we would give it a try and we were excited to see it was not very full of patrons (if you go to Chompie's for breakfast, you know the controlled chaos that surrounds the dining room).  It took forever to get our drinks ordered, and when we go our drinks our server dropped them and left before we could order our appetizer.  When we finally were able to order our server kept cutting us off.  Our food came over a half hour after we ordered it, and well after 2 other tables that came in after us were served. I am convinced our server forgot to put in our order.Then on the way out we stopped at the bakery.  It took close to 10 minutes to get someone to help us.  The night hostess had to go to the back and make someone come out and help us and another customer.We will definitely go back for dinner, but I'm making sure we won't be in that servers section again.
3	Finally made it Chompie's after passing by it many times for work!On service alone, I would give it 1 star for the waitress last night that kept looking at us but never came over until 5 minutes after we sat down. She barely even acknowledged us.On to the food: about 3-3.5 stars. The husband and I got the Western sliders and the Jewish sliders. I really liked the Jewish sliders, although it is a very greasy / heavy meal. He really liked the Western sliders. According to him, the Tempe location is a lot nicer looking and has better service. I can't see myself craving Chompie's, but if I ever do, I'll be sure to go to Tempe.
4	Update:  The Chompies in Scottsdale sent us a gift card to apologize for our experience.  That was not necessary although we did accept and we used it last night.  We did go to the location near Chandler mall and had a wonderful meal and experience.  The hostess and wait staff were pleasant and the food was very delicious.
3	I have wanted to like Chompie's so much since I'd heard good things but most of my experiences have made this place mediocre, at best. There is seriously nothing-and I mean nothing-healthy on the menu. No vegetarian options, no whole wheat bread. Even the salads are all made with 90% iceberg lettuce even when advertised as "crisp greens". It's so easy to make a really good salad, I'm not sure why theirs suck so bad. On my most recent visit I got a bowl of split pea soup and it was probably the worst split pea soup I've ever had. Too salty and otherwise boring. The baked goods are pretty good, but it really depends on what you get. The bagels are not all that great, but the honey bran muffins are bomb. **Note: avoid visiting the University location which is riddled with loud, sometimes trashy college kids.
1	Bad bad badService was so bad, that after 10 min in the cashier waiting to order to go, I just left.And the place was not even that busy.They need to learn how to run a deli.Will never go back there!
2	This place is just ok. Food is mediocre and service is horrible. Why do they keep the mean old man behind the counter? He must either own the place or is related to someone that owns it because I can't imagine why someone would keep him employed. Lol. He's really rude-amazingly rude. Enough to drive me away.
5	My kids and I visited last year and got the Man Vs Food  brisket platter. There were 4 of us and we still couldn't finish it..lol, although we wanted too because it was so good.  We are planning to go back this week. We made a pact that everytime we are in AZ we will visit for their great food. Im not a brisket person but this deli has changed my mind/
3	Love the Jewish food here but the waits and medium customer service is disappointing. Definitely the best Jewish Deli in the Valley but I'm not sure it has much competition in that title. They are slower than any other place I have ever been to get deli to go and they are far from efficient in filling their orders. I also have yet to be helped by someone who is actually friendly. These factors make me feel this place is not living up to the reputation it seems to have earned somehow.
5	LOVE the matzo ball soup and brisket sliders!  The bakery is extensive.
1	DOG IN THE RESTAURANT?!?!? What sort of place lets a non service dog into their restaurant where it jumps all over the table? I hope a health inspector got to see what we did! Used to come here every Sunday. Definitely will not be doing that anymore. And all of this pains me to say since I'm an AEPi alumni but that was just nasty.
5	You can never go wrong with Chompies! Everything on the menu is amazing!
1	Slow as hell for carry out.
4	love the Pastrami and Corned Beef!
2	Very disappointed by Chompie's today, it seems they have gone downhill in their food preparation in the last year or so.  The restaurant is also outdated and needs some fixing up.  The cheese blintzes which used to be authentic are not water down to a real sweet treat rather than what they used to be.  Their bagels, well they are not longer the original bagels they used to make they must be skimping on the flour and not boiling them as real bagels are boiled.  the fruit cup they give with breakfast is small and only about a mouthful when it used to be much bigger and the hashbrowns mixed with onions is way way salty avoid at all costs.  Will not be going back disappointed in the quality of food.  The service was great, but the food was not even 2 stars. Oh yeah they do charge 1.50 if you want real maple syrup with your hotcakes otherwise they give you syrup with high fructose corn syrup in it.
4	Place has great food! Service was slow due to how busy it was but well worth the wait.Highly recommended place for breakfast!
1	I had a new experience today.  For the first time in my 4 decades of life, I left a restaurant without eating there because I was mad,  and it was this Chompie's.I was actually looking for a location to host a Meetup group that I'm the organizer for.  I saw that Tuesday was "Kids Eat Free" night so my 2 1/2 year old son and I went to check it out.  It was a beautiful night and we wanted to sit outside.  The tables were all set up on the patio  but apparently the server did not want us to eat outside because she was training someone and it would make it harder.  Our hostess went and asked another server, who also was not able or willing to serve us outside.  So, our options were to eat inside or to get it as takeout and sit out on one of the picnic-like tables outside without service.  We elected for the takeout, even though it was not the most convenient thing in the world to juggle the food with a toddler clinging to my leg.When I went to pay for the takeout, I was charged for the Kids Meal, too.  I brought up the "Kids Eat Free" and she said that was only for dining in, but she would ask the manager because of our circumstance.  She came back and said no, that the Kids Meal would not be free.  I think she was actually trying, the only person there I can say that about.By that point, I was so annoyed that we went to Sprouts, got some nice, fresh strawberries, and went home, made our own sandwiches and opened a can of soup.  Probably healthier anyway, though I had been looking forward to trying the Reuben and the matzo ball soup.I'd imagine they didn't care much because I was not a big ticket customer with one adult and a free Kids Meal.  But with that experience, there is absolutely no way I will go back, much less host a large group there.  I called Paradise Bakery and they have a room we can reserve if we have enough people.  Problem solved.
1	Came in for first time this morning before work. Actually rather giddy to try new chain, deli joint.My hopes and spirit of ordering a nice LOX on bagel were crushed, however, when I literally stood at "Order Here" area for 5 or 7 minutes. I witnessed 4 staff members behind the bar (by deli case at far end) monkeying around. I totally understand if there's a deli crisis down there, but jeez - make eye contact w/me, tell me "one minute", or even "get lost" - something! Throw me a bone, Chompie's!The guy behind me gave up and left. I hung in there for a few more minutes. Finally, I gave up as well, as it truly boiled down to: Erin being late for work w/a Lox Bagel and some unnecessary guilt, OR Erin being on time for work (something I do pride myself on...) sans any Lox or bagel w/a clean conscience. I chose the latter, obvi.I may return or I may not. Disappointing.
4	I'm a fan of this place. It's basically the best deli in AZ, but then again, it's kind of the only big game in town. Their mile high sandwiches are my old standby. Love their meats! The matzo ball soup is also really good. If you like a deep fried monti cristo sandwich, they do that too. Last time we got the chicken livers as an appetizer, and I'd have to say that I like the stuff at Don & Charlie's a bit better. I've been going to this location for the over 15 years (they even catered my bar mitzvah back in 1996) and I don't think anything has changed. The mural on the wall is beginning to look like a time capsule. I think the only thing that frequently gets updated is the menu. They also have an interesting frequent diner thing now, but I haven't figured that out yet.Get a cookie from the bakery before you leave because they're just as good as the food.
3	Great place to go for bagels, I personally think their food prices are high for what you get. The only reason why I won't go back is because the staff have always been rude when we were going there. If you don't order your bagel fast enough you get attitude.
5	Everytime I come here for our Sunday breakfast its always busy, but thats ok because it just shows that its good food that many people enjoy! I ordered there classic french toast for the second time and its perfect serving size, and its grilled to perfection. There coffee is good and reminds me like Im in NY! I'll definitely come here again and recommend it to all my friends and family!
4	We had to travel from Florida to Scottsdale to get good Jewish deli style food. We went on a Saturday morning and it was super busy. We waited about 20 minutes for a table. The parking lot is NUTS!!! Be careful driving around on a weekend. I had Neal's Deli Trio... big portions, super fresh, very tasty. Coffee delicious. Of course the desserts are nuts! :)  Bagels are the best you can find in the Phoenix area. I love the veggie cream cheese. I took one star off because it is so pricey. We spent a small fortune on "brunch".
3	So, the family has been here many times. Lately the smoked white fish is good. In the recent past it was dry and old. Be Very careful of the bakery. My sister got food poisoning from a pastry there. On the good side, the smoked fish is now much improved. Potato salad is my favorite--and I am from Manhattan. Half sour pickles are great too. I do like this place, but at times be careful.
5	LOVE Chompie's!!! Probably one of my favorite places in Scottsdale for casual eating.  My friend and I go every Saturday mornings after hiking with the dogs. Obviously since we bring the pups we sit outside. I have to say, I am shocked at reading about the terrible service. In the three years I have gone here at least once a week, we have never had terrible service. There is one waiter who I don't think likes serving the patio people (or maybe it's just us dog people) but everyone else is amazing. We're barely there for 5 min and they are out with water bowls for the dogs, coffee for me, and a diet coke for my friend. On to the food. It's thanks to Man vs Food, and my mom, that I found Chompie's. She had seen the episode and since I was moving to Phoenix, she wanted to try. Now every time she visits we have to go at least twice. She has gotten everything from french toast to reubens to chicken and waffles --  and she's loved it all. Her favorites are the sandwiches because they are enough food for 1-2 more meals!! Having celiac's disease, I have to go with what's on the GF menu, but I still love it. My go-to is the GD Bagel w/lox platter. It is so yummy and filling. The rare times I don't get that, I will get the reuben or GF waffles. The pups always get their plate of bacon.Chompie's is now carrying a variety of GF deserts and pastries, which I love!! My non-gf friend and I will occasionally split a chocolate and peanut butter brownie. I'm lucky I have the dog or I would go in before I left and buy more for home.Well that it is. We'll be at Chompie's with the danes tomorrow for our post hike brunch like we are every weekend!
4	I've been to Chompies in the past and this location has definitely stepped up their game. The breakfast sandwiches are some of the tastiest I have had in a long time, especially the spinach, swiss and egg white breakfast sandwich. The bagels taste like they were imported from NYC and all of the cream cheese is made in house. The blueberry cream cheese is particularly good, however they also have a salted caramel cream cheese that I am excited to try next time I nearby. The one thing I wish they would improve is their coffee. It is solid diner coffee, but nothing to write home about.
1	I was looking forward to trying this restaurant but was very disappointed. The food was ok. Not great. But it wS the service that surprised us. When we arrived the tables around us were full. Slowly people left and the dirty dishes were left on the tables. The wIt staff didn't lift a finger to clear the tables. Really unappetizing. Our waitress never came over to check on us. She just stood around talking with a friend. I spoke to the manager and asked why the wait staff left dirty dishes unattended and was told it wasn't their job. When I left, the tables still hadn't been cleared. Speaking with the manager was ineffective. I will never return.
4	Okay, I have a problem - I'm a corned beef hash addict!  I love their different selections of corned beef hash selections. Just had the corned beef hash omelet with cheddar cheese - my new favorite; but the corned beef hash benedict is also good. I've also had the corned beef hash skillet along with just the corned beef hash & eggs.  Now, if they did the sliders with corned beef hash; I might have to try...LOL!!! I love a lot of everything they have on the menu; and other items I have had are outstanding.  But, there is one item that has my heart is Corned Beef Hash!  Well also Bialys (just wish they had sesame bialy).UPDATE: they do have corned beef hash sliders!!! I'll be on my way back soon!
1	Coming from Michigan which has one or two outstanding Deli's, Chompie's was a huge disappointment.  Their corned beef was lousy compared to Vienna brand.  Their prices are beyond ridiculous.  I will continue my search for a good Jewish Deli in Arizona.
2	I really don't want to give a bad review of this place, but they don't seem to have the same standards for the take-out orders that they do for their dine-ins.Dine ins are great, the food is always excellent. I've been ordering take out lately and there's always been a problem with my order. I get the Cabo skillet with homefries, and they keep not including the salsa and sour cream condiments. Today, I didn't get the melted jack cheese on my skillet, which completely killed the meal for me and was the last straw, which is why I'm writing this review. They also made my home fries hash browns instead, which were underseasoned and undercooked .Quite a shame because I get nothing but the cabo skillet and its usually been excellent without any of these problems when I dine in. I ordered a different skilled and asked for scrambled eggs, instead I got overcooked fried eggs which also killed the entree. I'm going to give them another chance next week, and if the same problem presists I'll probably stop eating here again.
3	They put so much cream cheese on the bagel that you can barely taste the bagel. And I'm okay with that.
5	I came up here with my parents and friends for a birthday dinner.  As always the food is excellent at all of their locations I've visited.  I love this spot because it is big, clean and the service was great.  I had one of their mile high corned beef sandwiches and it was killer.  We came on a Tuesday night and while it was busy, there was no wait to be seated or getting your food & drinks.  My 2 favorite delis in the country are Chompie's here in Phoenix and Jerry's Deli in L.A.  If you are in town, you have to stop in.  You won't leave hungry.
2	I had been going here for about 7 years now, and only now have decided to review the place. I have 2 reasons for the 2-star review: Price, and service. Wife and I had breakfast, and the bill came to about 38 bucks. C'Mon Man! Really? For what? Wasn't like it was steak and eggs, anything mega-fancy, etc. And, we asked for re-fills on the ice teas, and actually had to get up, go to the drink station ourselves and grab our own re-fills after waiting ten minutes. Then, after breakfast, my Wife wanted to get a few bakery items, and it was like pulling teeth to try and get someone to help us... When they weren't even that busy. Bottom line is that I don't mind spending money when you get what you pay for, but overpriced, mediocre food, combined with BAD service, makes me think I shall not be returning here any time in the near future.
3	Manager contacted me via Yelp and committed to address my concerns.  Still not happy with prices but you have to admire active management.  Upgraded from 1 to 3 stars.  My previous review:Way to expensive for Jewish peasant food!  Will not return until prices come down!!! Ridiculous $21 for Bagel and smoked fish!!!  Criminal!  The waitress was the ONLY bright spot.  Resting on their laurels!!
5	The year: 2010.  The episode: "Phoenix."The Man: Adam Richman, himself.The Challenge: Chompie's "The Ultimate Slider Challenge."...12 Original Jewish Sliders: each one brisket-filled and gravy-drizzled, stacked as well with mini potato pancakes, Jack cheese, and onion strings.  Knock this 5-pound nemesis on its ass within 30 short minutes, and you rule the stoop, my friend!  Myself, I don't entertain delusions: I'm weak.  I didn't even consider the Challenge.  Instead, I ordered the Combo.  And after tearing through an incredibly tasty two, alongside a cup of Matzo Ball soup, I was full.  Adam, however, he Manned-up!  Sadly, though, after a hard-fought battle, he--as many have before him--ultimately threw in the towel. The Challenge, it seemed, proved too hefty.  Food had won....However, if one, brave soul decides to accept this heaping challenge ($39.95) and conquers this plattered beast, it's free.  But not only that: upon winning, you will be forever immortalized on Chompie's "Hall of Fame" website (http://chompies.com/wall-of-fame/) and an "Ultimate Slider Challenge" T-shirt awaits you and your bragging self!! You bad!!  (By the way, there's no California representation on that website, zero, none, not one, nada...  Who'll step up?This having been my first time to Chompie's, I was truly impressed!  A Yelp check-in offer allowed for a free bagel from their awesome deli/bakery; our very cool server, Trudy, brought out a few, free cookie samples for this first-timer; and our just-as-cool host made lunch suggestions, which we ordered verbatim.  As promised, those Sliders were "deli-icious."  And the Matzo Ball and Chicken soup hit the spot.  But I couldn't leave...not yet.  As full as I was, I couldn't head back to CA without first trying the carrot cake, could I?  I mean, you don't blame me, right?So, "Man vs Food"...  That takes care of Phoenix: Alice Cooper'stown (http://www.yelp.com/biz/alice-cooperstown-phoenix?hrid=esDZwjuGZQlkpKrZAC_guQ), Los Reyes de la Torta (http://www.yelp.com/biz/los-reyes-de-la-torta-phoenix-2?hrid=nJiqRCfTtxs2bIoFrPdmkA), and now Chompie's.  On deck, LA.=]
5	A great way to escape the Arizona heat and a great chance to practice your New York accent. I am a full blooded New Yorker on tour in a reggae band, and this spot brought be right back to butter & rainbow cookies! I ordered the white albacore sandwich it was bisque!! Knish was prime with as much spicy brown mustard as I could eat. Also bottomless Arnold Palmers and kosher pickles.
2	Great potential, but they need to make some changes.  The food and the service could definitely be improved (I guess that coversjust about everything...lol).  After you're seated, you need to keep an eye on your server in order to get additional coffee, utensils, condiments, and even the bill.  The table behind us had to get their own utensils and condiments.  Now, the food has potential but I'm not sure about the cook.  The home fires are too greasy, the toast is only toasted on one side, and the over medium eggs  were cooked the same as you would cook them for a fried egg sandwich.  And to top it off, the food was lukewarm.  Don't the cooks every taste their own food ?So, as I said before, they have the potential to be rated 4/5 stars, but currently, I can only give them a 2.
4	The first time I dined at Chompies I was blown away at how extensive the menu is. I have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. This is my go to place when we get caught between that critical 6pm to 7pm time slot when a lot of restaurants have big waiting times. This is not a knock on Chompies, It just works out that way since their clientele seems to eat earlier in the day.I've usually order their burgers or the pastrami. My son loves their chicken sandwich. My favorite is the whole pastrami sandwich. It's very tasty and probably the best pastrami I've ever had. It is a mountain of a sandwich. I usually eat half of it and finish the next day for lunch. I order the whole sandwich as opposed to the 1/2 sandwich, soup option since the soup always seems to spill on to the plate when it's being delivered to the table. I don't like soggy sandwiches.They also serve breakfast items. So if you have that picky eater in your family, this place is definitely an option.
3	We don't live here so are in only occasionally. A friend told us of new ownership but assured me it hadn't changed a thing.  It feels different to me. We bought cookies for a party yesterday. Although three people were behind the baked goods counter, apparently only one was authorized to wait on customers with a second charged with telling us (the only customers waiting) that we would be helped soon. The third might have only had responsibilities at the other end of the counter but was watching the person helping customers ring up an order. $1.95 per cookie for a 4 inch star shaped sugar cookie frosted and with sprinkles seems high but people at the party liked them. Today we went for breakfast. There was a brief wait to be seated by a pleasant, professional hostess. We waited almost as long to meet our waitress though an uncommunicative busboy provided silverware and napkins but not water in the meantime. There was a very long wait for the food to come out of the kitchen. I should have timed it... At least 20 minutes, maybe longer. It was about 11a.m. on a Sunday.  The orders were correct though my omelette was not well put together. Our waitress checked back immediately but didn't refill our water until she had presented our check.  $27 seemed high for a breakfast for two but my wife did add a bagel to her breakfast not realizing it wasn't included.
5	I wanted to get a special cake for my daughter's 16th birthday with out spending $100+. Then i remembered that Chompie's has a bakery.Their baker is so talented and made a beautiful custom cake for my daughter for a fraction of the cost of these specialty bakeries. I couldn't be happier! Thank you Chompie's!
4	This is one of the best NY style deli's I have been to! The sandwiches are ginormous and delicious. They definitely don't skimp on the meat! I would recommend this place even to the pickiest New Yorkers. They also have a breakfast that is bomb dot com!
2	I love going to Chompies but I am seriously disappointed. Your egg sandwiches are usually too big to eat but now you barely put  any egg on them! You all need to stop being so stingy with your food and start serving us the right amount of food for our money. I spent $6 on this and it's just sad...
5	What can I say?  I love love LOVE Chompie's!Had the 1/2 Rachel's Motown with corned beef and, of course, chicken matzo ball soup.  Delicious.  BFF had the full and Mom had the 1/2 brisket with same soup as I.Everyone was very pleased with the food, the staff, the atmosphere.  We just love this restaurant.Before leaving, I had to stop at the bakery and snag a some baklava, rugelach, and Mexican wedding cookies.  Oh my gosh.  Heaven...
5	The Adam Richman challenge Jewish brisket sliders are the best item I have had in many months. The brisket is incredibly lean and these so-called sliders are loaded with cheese, a potato pancake and lots of brisket on fresh baked challah bread with gravy on the sandwich and on the side. You also get your choice of sides too for $11.99 and the fries are glutton, but worthy of the choice. Everyone is always nice and the food is well worth the price based on the amount given, but we need better firmer cloth napkins to obtain complete perfection.
4	So having landed at Phoenix Sky Harbour and waiting for my connection out to Prescott, I was asked very nicely if I as a lone traveller would consider being bumped off the flight to allow a guy to get back home to see his sick kid. I was more than happy to oblige and as I'm out her for 6 weeks or so an extra few hours really don't mean that much. So with a $30 gratuity from the airline I thought, what shall I do?An then the idea occurred to me that I wasn't all that far from Chompies deli in Scottsdale, a place I've wanted to try for a while.  I hopped in a cab an headed into deepest darkest Phoenix!So Chompies is a New York style Deli and I believe they now have 4 venues in the Phoenix area., I wanted to visit this one as its the only one I'd ever known anyone visit. This place was made a little famous when it featured on Man v Food. Id' heard about it prior to that show but it was seeing on there that planted the seed for me to actually make an effort to go.Okay, this on appearance is just a regular deli and on entry I was greeted warmly. I was shown to a booth and presented with the menu.Now when you look around the place you soon realise that the portion sizes are generous even by US standards.The menu has plenty of choice sandwiches, burgers bagels and traditional Jewish food too. There's also a kids menu which I have to say sounded pretty good and there was a dedicated gluten free menu too.I picked Bobs Brisket from the Colossal Reubans section of the menu priced at $14.99 you would be forgive for thinking its a little pricey. However when it arrives it is huge, and I mean huge! It was full of flavour, tender meet, perfect onions and beautiful seasoning.Having seen the size of it I was glad I didn't order a side of wedges billed on the menu as 'full portion sides'.Chompies is the home of Chompies slider challenge which was featured on Man v Food. Its essential 12 sliders filled with brisket, mini potato pancakes and Jack cheese served with gravy and 5lbs of onion strings. Many have tried few have succeeded. At $39.95 its actually pretty good value, and would certainly be worth having as a sharer.I loved this place, the food was great, the atmosphere great and the prices reflected excellent value, my sandwich and a coke came to $22 (inc tip).
5	I am from New York was looking for a good ny style deli found Chompie's figured I'll give it a try they have great matzah ball soup seen man vs food slider challange had to try it they have awesome Jewish sliders with lots of gravy yummmy will be back again
4	Visited Chompies again to give them one more try after my somewhat disappointing review which is below.  This time, I visited and ordered my usual, two #1, scrambled, with bacon and American cheese.  This time the server was much more friendly and welcoming that my previous visit.  Another plus was my order came out exactly how I ordered it.  New day, next experience and maybe my previous visit was just one of those days.  All in all I am am bumping up my review from 3 to 4.  My wife and I visited this restaurant and have mixed emotions.  First off the food that arrived to the table was good.  The only problem is that one of the two breakfast sandwiches I ordered was incorrect.  Not sure how this happened as I ordered both of those items to be the same. I am not a complainer and don't return food so I just accepted what was delivered and ate away. Would I go back, possibly if I was really hungry as the food tasted good.
2	Oh my goodness. I haven't had a good experience with Chompie's lately and it's not just this location. The service is ALWAYS a hit or miss. I walked in last week when it was pretty slow and the two ladies standing around at the front didn't even say a simple "hello". I asked them if we had to wait to be seated and without answering, they looked at each other with a smirk and nodded at the hostess to "take care of us". Not the most welcoming feeling. When a customer asks you question, you answer their question. Simple as that. I've been in the restaurant industry for awhile and I would never "blow off" or make my customers feel unwelcome the minute they walk in. Our server was alright, except for the fact we didn't get a single drink refill until she handed us our check...which implies that she didn't stop by to check on us at all. But hey, at least the food was on point.
5	This location is awesome! It's big, always clean, and spot-on with their customer service...always reliable, very efficient, and very friendly. The meal I ordered was delicious, well-cooked, and very enjoyable. I would definitely visit this location again, no questions asked!
2	Service is extremely slow, and customer service is poor.... Food is just .... Meh.... Place is very run down and in need of some serious updating....If you enjoy slow crappy service and sub standard food this place is for you.... If not, scottsdale has many many other options that are by far more appetizing than Chompies.
4	If there was a support group for individuals addicted to both coffee and bagels, you would find me there. Chompie's is my go to place for a delicious/fresh and cheap bagel and coffee on my way into the office.  They have a pretty large selection of bagel flavors as well as cream cheese flavors and service is always friendly and efficient. I have dined in their actual restaurant several times and never had a bad meal or experience. If you looking for some fantastic jewish deli fare, Chompie's is your best bet!
5	With the holiday lurking just a few hours away and no appropriate food in the oven I rushed out to Chompies,  fearing that at the very least there would be no Challah left and at the worst, no brisket. Not to worry, Chompies was all about satisfying everyone in north Scottsdale at this particularly important juncture. Cesar knew just what I needed: brisket dinners, challa, honey cake and kischke. He forget to get me the chicken soup and so he didn't charge me for it. His boss Katherine was looking on with approval. Although he didn't know what a mensch was he understood the message better than most when he said, Shouldn't everyone do what is right?" I said a prayer for you, Cesar. You're a mensch! Thanks for the great food just like Bubbie used to make...well almost.
1	My guy and I decided to stop in for breakfast.... what a disappointment!!! We waited half an hour before the waiter  came over to report that they had no Pumpkin bagels, which is something I was looking forward to. When the food arrived, his eggs were overcooked, the corned beef hash was overcooked, and my scrambled eggs were even overcooked. Scrambled eggs? Seriously? We will not coming back to this location again
1	We've had dinner at different two different Chompie's locations.  The service is always poor.  We wait too long for our meal and the staff at both locations, Shea and Tatum, seem like they would rather be doing something else.I stopped in last friday to pick up a deli order and was greeted by the manager/owner, who after berating me for not knowing exactly what I wanted, proceeded to scream at his staff for not doing their jobs. That might work in Manhattan, but not in Scottsdale, AZ.My family will NEVER go back to Chompie's. Deli. Instead, we will go to Goldman's Deli which has a much better reputation.
3	There are two parts to this review: the food and the service. The food: 5-star all the way! I love eating at Chompie's. I always get the Turkey Reuben - WOW - it is so good: great turkey, great sauerkraut, great bread and cheese, and even great 1000 Island. The French Fries are awesome potatoes wedges. The service: 1-star seems generous. It seems like the service is ok at best most of the time, but occasionally terrible! Last night our service was slow, our waiter was difficult and when we left he started to accuse us of not paying (we left the full amount of the bill on the table with a overly-generous tip after we had not seen him for 10 MINUTES). Will I go back to Chompie's? Probably, but NOT very soon!
1	I actually blame myself for giving this place a second chance.  To be honest, I am not sure how they stay in business as they lack customer service, attention to detail, etc.  This time I called in a pickup order as I was out running some errands.  Spoke with a gentleman to place the order which consisted of TWO number #1's, scrambled, American Cheese, Bacon on Toasted Gluten Free Bagels.  I swung by and picked up the order, paid $13.08 and then left to go home.  My second mistake, was not checking the order right then and there.  When I got home, I went and sat down at the kitchen table.  I opened up my first bagel sandwich and sure enough it didn't have any bacon on it.  I also noticed that the Bagel wasn't toasted as I had asked for.  The second bagel sandwich was the same way.  Did I pay extra for Bacon?  Of course I did.  Why does this keep happening?  What goes wrong with your process that doesn't allow the credit order to get back to the kitchen to make the sandwiches?  Very frustrating!  As mentioned, not sure how this place stays in business as they obviously don't care about their customers and the service(s) they offer.
4	Well, not exactly 'yay', I'm a fan, but we had a good experience this time. Portions are massive. Food was good. Service was good too. Our server did not seem very knowledgeable, I am not sure if she was new, but she was good. Also, I liked how servers teamed up to take good care of customers.Neighbor had the Lox bagel with cream cheese and I have been craving that ever since :(Hubby had the chompadilla and he thought it was OK, he liked the seasoned potatoes very much.I had a cheese omelette with mushroom and artichokes. It was really good. The con is that I only wanted an omelette (cheaper of course) but they were not very accommodating so apparently I had to order the whole whatever combo with potatoes and bread.The other matter I did not like is that, we stopped there in the first place because I had a reward that I wanted to use, but when the server returned she said I did not.Later on I received a 'welcome' text from their rewards club. Oh well, either they messed up, or they have separate rewards accounts for each location, which is not in fact very practical, so that was a big disappointment.I liked this location a little better, the layout is similar to the old location on Greenway and 32nd.
3	I've been here a handful of times now. I've gotten the Rachel's Ruben every time. It's a turkey Reuben and very tasty. I also have always gotten a bowl of the matzo ball soup with my sandwich. The entire reason I like this place is because of this soup. I wish I knew how to make it, it would save me a lot of money. I love the stuff. The sandwich is good too, but usually I'm just still on cloud nine from the soup I forget that I'm even eating a sandwich. I've had a few different desserts from the case. Very good but a little underwhelming, but that won't stop me from trying more. Last time, we got our food to go, which I kind of preferred. With the exception of the first time being there, we have gone at odd hours of the day and service was lackluster. Barbie is fantastic and we had her during lunch service the first time we went, but since then we have been seated and then NO ONE has come to our table. This is three of the four times we have had a meal in the dining room. In fact I think two of those three times I've had to wave the host down to tell her and another time I waved a server down and she hesitantly said she would be our server. It's just so bizarre. Even though our tab is usually around $35, I hate throwing away another $7 to a server for lousy service, but I also think it's lousy to under tip as I am a server myself. So that's my two cents on that. I think we have resolved to just get take out from now on. Save the extra $7. But I love the food and my mouth waters for matzo ball soup as I write this!
1	Used to come here all the time in the past (few years ago) and the tong sandwich was always great.  However, came back over the Thanksgiving holiday this year to get my tong sandwich fix while back in town, and the meat was over cooked and dry.  May have just been an off night for Compies, but this meal was a 1 out of 5.
5	Matzo ball soup - love this place.  Nice selection and great service.
5	I love me some Chompies! My father is Jewish, so I grew up with Hamentachen cookies, knishes and Matzaball soup and this place is just like grandma made it! Even if you aren't a fan of those thing, they have something for everyone on their menu. And their bagels are amazing! Try their monte cristo sandwich, you will love it.
3	We went for an early Sunday lunch, around 11 am. The food was excellent, delicious pastrami and very tasty matzoh ball soup. Only complaint was the service, we had to continuously ask for more coffee and water.
4	Delicious food, great service. So many options too! Love the complimentary pickles on the table when you dine in. I went for the salad/soup combo this last time for something light, whereas my husband enjoyed (and lucky for me, shared) the stuffed French toast. Holy moly it's huge and indulgent. My pick: Order the bagel and lox, but order it as a plate where you build it yourself don't forget the capers. Yum.
4	Love this place! They have the best Reuben sandwich around town. I always get mine on sourdough and a side of extra thousand Island. At $15 it is well worth the price and a great treat.  Make sure to get it with pastrami as this is the best cut of meat that is so tender juicy and flavorful and completes the Ruben.
1	Fucked up my order. Told me they would write me up in the book so I can get compensated with my correct order. Drove 15 miles there today to find out I wasn't in the book! The guy "Anthony" wasn't working so couldn't get compensated for my wrong order. Not a happy camper, someone better get in touch with me soon!
1	If you want hypertension, eat their soups which are drowning in sodium. The yellow-green tinge of their chicken soup suggests MSG.
1	The customer is NEVER right. That is what the manager of Scottsdale branch of Chompie's  seems to believe.We asked for a refund on our chicken noodle soup and were very patronized and told how wrong we were.Despite diluting it with a quart of water the sodium level would not reduce. Once wonders even what their sodium product was.He gave an explanation that even defied basic cooking and patronized us greatly.We were/are very offended and will never recommend this place to others.We were treated horribly and will never return.
5	Their back on my 5-star list. Thanks Teresa for reaching out to me about my past experience last week. Today was fabulous: sweet n sour cabbage soup & turkey pastrami sandwich hit the spot. Great hustle & bustle at Shea location. Thanks for the great service today & delish food.
