5	I am not a resident here...(still have a few years to go) but this place is awesome! I was lucky enough to visit and have lunch with some of the residents. The facility is absolutely beautiful and the staff are some of the friendliest people I have ever met. All of the residents I met told me how much they loved living there and everyone seemed so happy! They allow redident to have pets (under 30 lbs) wich I thought was really cool. They even have Happy Hour in the on-site bar!The food was great and the activities they offer residents are amazing. The day I was there they were setting up for Oktoberfest and beer tasting. Nice!If you have a loved one that needs a friendly, safe and fun place to live I would recommend you check this place out!
5	My husband and I just returned from dinner at McDowell Village with my mother this evening, having had a lovely experience of good food, excellent service, and engaging residents who stopped by our table to say hello.  We've seen McDowell Village up close and personal for the last 8 months, attending special events and dropping in regularly.  My mother has enjoyed concerts, outings to restaurants that we would love to experience, fun card playing, participation in an art show, warm interaction with staff, new friends among residents, and a happy environment that feels like a mini-resort.  The staff has a great esprit de corps with fun, warm and caring attitudes; the residents have universally spoken about how happy they are there.  I would not hesitate to recommend McDowell Village.
2	Although I love McDowell Village for Independent Living, if your love one has been diagnosed with ANY kind of a memory condition like; mild to moderate cognitive impairment, DO NOT choose McDowell Village as the right place for them.  Find a community that has levels of assisted living and memory care.  The sales people at McDowell did not level with us when we told them my mother had a memory/dementia diagnosis.  These conditions get worse and McDowell Village is not equipped to provide the best care for this.  Check out Sunrise Senior Living on Scottsdale and Shea.  It is a beautiful, small community that has high quality care.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about McDowell Village, including Debbie, Kristen, and Jay.  My parents, after searching the area for the right senior residence, decided on McDowell Village and they couldn't be happier.  There are activities all day long and special events for many of the holidays.  The restaurant's ambience is really nice and the food is delicious.  There are summer concerts, happy hour, outings, and shuttles to doctor appointments, local grocery stores, banks, etc. weekly.  The staff is outwardly caring and attentive to the resident's needs.  I live out-of-state and several months ago my mother had a health incident early one morning while I was talking with her on the phone.  I called McDowell Village immediately and they sent an ambulance AND a staff member went up to their apartment and stayed with them until help arrived. The staff's quick response time and ability to handle a potentially life-threatening situation allowed me time to get on a plane and get to my parents without nearly as much stress as I would have felt otherwise.  I could go on and on but suffice to say if you are looking for a senior residence, I highly recommend McDowell Village without hesitation.
