4	Me and the girlfriend stopped by on a Sunday night. I noticed that the restaurant had just changed names(ownership) So I thought we would check it out. We went around 8:15 on a Sunday night so there was not that many people there. The quality of service was excellent. Usually most places at this time are a little pissed you are there. The bread they offered was extremely tasty with a garlic butter. The garlic noodles I got were extremely tasty, they had a lot of flavor for having a butter sauce. I would come back for sure!
5	Loved it!! The cheese raviolis were some of the best I've ever had. Will defiantly be back.
1	Seriously?   $23.99 for linguine and clams?  I really wanted to have a closer go-to for well done simple Italian since Baci moved to QC, but this was just awful.   The menu is not extensive; so you'd expect that what is on there to be reasonably priced, and very well done.    My husband and I were turned off by the bizarre scented candle / restroom smell in the dining room, so we ate on the patio... with the bugs.   The restaurant is very recent, so you'd think they'd have the lights outside all in working order.   They're not.    The service was outstanding; Marcie was clearly a pro - but no level of service can make up for gamey canned clam bits on boxed linguine. We'll drive to Baci next time.
2	We had a mixed experience here last night. The interior is pleasant, and we had an enjoyable time most of the evening despite disconnects with the food.My wife's salmon was perfectly cooked -- cooked through but still moist and tender. Beautifully done. Bravo to the line cook. But the sauce wasn't just tart, it was sour and so thick that it came across almost like a bottled sauce.We had that same feeling with a mushroom barley soup, which had a smooth and oddly thickened broth for what they claim is a "homemade" Italian soup. It was okay, but certainly had no soffritto or fesh base of any kind.The gnocchi was on the dense side, and the cream and tomato sauce was underseasoned.Finally, the Parmesan cheese. It's not freshly grated. It's in a little glass jar, and looks and smells and tastes like the stuff out of the green cardboard cylinder. Yet another cheap shortcut.Despite all this, we were enjoying our wine and having a good time when the check arrived. We'd used a Groupon, and the waitress had already written in the tip for 20% of the full amount. Okay, fine, that's about what she should expect, but it made us feel bad. She didn't trust us to tip her because we'd used a Groupon, so she did the math for us, and to change the tip we'd have had to make a fuss. Mediocre food isn't the end of the world, but being made to feel cheap and untrustworthy ruined the evening.
4	This is weird. All the Tutti Santis are the same. Yet, the other one has 4 stars and this has 2? Don't understand and it made me skeptical to try it, but I had a restaurant.com gift card and it was too late. Plus, my bf wanted some Italian food. I personally don't like the American Italian food that isn't authentic, but rather creamy and fattening. Well we went on a Friday night and it was full. They still sat us in 15 minutes, but didn't take our orders for another 15. I was happy though as the most delicious herb bread and butter came out hot onto our table. We started with the caprese salad and the ravioli. There were 4 pieces of ravioli and 4 servings of the caprese. The prices are a little high for Italian food as the ravioli cost $10 (remember there were 4 pieces) and the caprese was $12. It was good though. For the entree I got the spaghetti bolognese and my bf got this pasta with a ton of vegetables and chicken. The entrees come with a salad that consists of romaine and a slice of tomato. The service was good even though they are incredibly busy. I loved how it was authentic Italian. They even spoke to you in Italian and made it very comfortable. The major downer came at the end. The waiter brought us the check and pointed the the % of tip that he recommends. He said he didn't add it in there, we can do that (well duh), but he still recommends this one. I do not appreciate people telling me how to tip. I can decide for myself. That left a sour taste in my mouth. Overall, the food was good though pricey for Italian.
1	This place is right next to our house so my wife and I were very hopeful that we would have an enjoyable experience. Such was not to be. I should probably mention that we used a Groupon that had been offered two days prior so it is possible that they were simply overwhelmed.Service: We waited for 10 minutes before our drink orders were taken. The server was so unfriendly that it actually made us uncomfortable. I believe that there was one server for about 9 tables which is probably why she was so grumpy. When we received the check she had circled the portion of the check that showed the 20% tip. I was annoyed by this, but I can understand that they don't want to get ripped on the lower check price (due to the Groupon). But then when I got my credit card receipt SHE HAD PREFILLED THE TIP AT 20%!!! This was just ridiculous. Out of principle alone, I scribbled it out and entered 15%. Now I'll have to check with my credit card company to make sure that they don't mess with the total.Food:  I got a cream-based chicken meal with asparagus. The chicken was way overdone and the sauce was a bit bland. My wife got the Chicken Imperiale. The flavor was actually pretty good, but once again the chicken was WAY overcooked. Conclusion: I would have recommended that people wait for them to get their act together, but the issue with the check was just too much for me. I would stay away from here- there are much better options available and you won't have to check your credit card statement to make sure the server didn't "adjust" the tip.
1	Figured to give it a chance and was very dissapointed by the Lasagna, which was tasteless. Ravioli was decent, and the lobster bisque was good. Salad and bread left lots to be desired, how can you mess up bread? Next time I will stick with La Calabria, more authentic and much better tasting.
2	The family and I stopped in yesterday for a little Italian cuisine. The waitress was great and spot on with her service. The ambiance was very nice at the beginning of our visit as they just opened. Toward the end of our meal it got a little loud music-wise but great if you love Billy Joel. On to the food- The food was delicious except for a few setbacks. The Gnochi left a little bit to be desired, a little too thick for my liking. As for my entree, the Lasagna, while very delicious, it's the first Lasagna dish that I have ever seen that had about only two layers of noodle stuffed with cheese/meet. A little lackluster to say the leastStuffed mushroom appetizer rocks!. As does the Mozzarella Enough saidFinal points1. Taste of some items were great but dragged down by others2. Pricing - A bit overpriced based on the above
1	The food was good, but seriously.....$21.95 for a 6 oz chicken dish. No kids menu. Three servers for a thirty person party and a half full dining room. The original tutti's was much better
4	I don't know much about Italian food.  I assume that in Italy they eat more than red sauce and that it's probably on a par with French cuisine.  What did they eat before the tomato was introduced from the New World?  I have a picture of a barren plate of spaghetti and an expectant diner, kind of like that old Far Side cartoon showing what people did before TV was invented (they were staring at a blank wall).  I had what would probably be considered gringo chow to the seasoned Italian diner: a duo of a veal cutlet with a slice of eggplant covered in just enough marinara and mozzarella and a side of spaghetti with the same marinara.  There was just enough sauce and cheese to enjoy them without having the dish swimming in either.  Everything was well prepared.  My wife had the eggplant Parmesan.  I almost went for the lamb shank and risotto, but in the end decided to save that for the next visit.  For desert we split the tiramisu, which was just OK.  In the end, we were presented with shots of Sambuca con la mosca.  I normally don't like anise-flavored anything, but the coffee beans in the drink helped, and who's going to turn down free shots of anything?  The menu is not online yet, and it differs slightly from the other Valley locations but has most of what is available at the other locations.  We inquired after a kids' menu.  They don't have one, but will do half-plates of some of their pasta dishes.
4	We have dined here twice and been pleased both times. The homemade gnocch is delicious as were the ravioli. I can't recommend the escargot, however, they were't great. The waitstaff is friendly and efficient. You are able to dine inside or outdoors.
2	We had heard good things about Tuti Santi, so were expecting much more than we received here.  The service was excellent, but the food was very, very disappointing.  Bland food that is supremely over-priced for what is served.  Our salads were quite good, but none of our entrees were even vaguely interesting, not only taste but in presentation.  I am a huge supporter of local restaurants, but I have to admit this one is a no-go in its present form.
4	Everything about this place screams authentic Italian food. Went with my family, got this incredible pasta dish, literally everything I have tried so far from them has been spectacular! It is a little pricey but worth it
5	Rarely do I eat at a restaurant where I haven't a clue how to start making the dish; but Tutti knocked my socks off. I tried a shrimp dish with a white cognac sauce ... yeah ... cream and cognac ... I get it, but this was the lightest white sauce I've ever had. A perfect compliment to the shrimp ... just perfect. The wait staff was attentive, but didn't hover trying to turn the table. They assumed you were in for the night. A little on the pricey side ($140 for 3) but worth every penny.
5	This was great Italian food.  Don't expect Spaghetti Factory.  This is not a family restaurant and I appreciate that.  Maybe the prices should suggest that as well.  Service was attentive.  And plenty of luster and charm that someone else couldn't find.  We used a Groupon on our first visit and were never insulted by anyone.  We returned with our Italian friends and they were happy as well.  We will be dining here again.
1	My girlfriend and I came here for our first Valentine's day, and WOW was I underwhelmed!  Do not come to this location!  I loved the Tutti Santi in Scottsdale and Mesa, but this one quite sucked.The service was terrible and slow, most importantly.  The layout felt like a big grid of cramped tables right next to each other, with no shred of intimacy or privacy, and no decor to speak of.  For the price I expect a bit more, and was totally let down.  My steak special was good, but my girlfriend's lobster ravioli was dry and bland, and the drinks were watered down.
5	The freshest pasta I think I have ever had. Cooked perfect al dente with smooth light flavors throughout the course. Excellent service. Jimmy is awesome. This my single and only recommendation for authentic Italian food. I literally reactivated my yelp account just to write this review.
4	So very good. I had the seafood raviolis and they were perfection. One bite in I could taste the quality. The service was impeccable and so warm. The only reason  this is not a five star review is they are a little pricey. I see many more date nights being spent here.
4	Our "old broads" group goes out once a month, and we like to patronize local places.  I was hesitant about this one because of some negative online comments, but all 6 of us loved our dishes and were impressed with the facility and the service.  No, it's not as inexpensive as the super-chain Italian restaurants, but this is a dining experience rather than a fast, cheap meal out.  We were fine with the reasonably-priced house wines, also.
5	My wife and I loved this place. The service was awesome. Our server was a New Yorker and he really made the experience great. It's just so nice when a server actually knows their product and helps guide you through the ordering process. This guy was great. The food was exceptional too. Antipasto was fresh and exceptional. I had a stuffed chicken dish that was out of this world. I'm hard to please sometimes as I lived for many years in Upstate New York, but they passed my test...We will be back.We went for a 2nd time last Wed and it was even better this time. Head Waiter Jimmie is incredibly awesome. He reminds me of the Italian waiters from back in NY. Classy-cool! Ask for him.
4	Excellent service, excellent food.  I had the homemade ravioli, really good. Boyfriend had the grlic pasta, lots of flavor.  The canoli was so good we got another to take home.  Will be back.
5	My new favorite Italian restaurant! Homemade authentic Italian food. So delicious! We had each of the specials, I had chicken in a tarragon & brandy cream sauce with mushrooms and linguine, and my other half had crab and shrimp stuffed ravioli with a saffron cream sauce. Both dishes were amazing and you can tell they were made from scratch!  We also had tiramasu for dessert which was also made there and equally as wonderful. I am so glad we decided to stop in and try this place last night!
5	The wife and I stopped in one night after a workout, perhaps a bit under dressed in our gym clothing, not knowing what to expect. Despite our extremely casual attire we were treated with the utmost respect and provided with amazing service! Our server walked us through the menu items and even made some personal suggestions to his favorite dishes. Leaving the choice to our server - we were surprised with two great meals that just melted in our mouth.I was in love with this place: intimate setting, great service, amazing food &... and then it happened. As we ended our night the server asked if we would like to cap the night with a coffee (The wife and I are coffee snobs). What came out was a cup of silky smooth, full of bold flavor, just the right temperature coffee. This wasn't just good coffee. This was GREAT coffee. To this day - it is the best coffee we've ever had in Arizona.
4	I personally feel that the "experience" at a restaurant has an influence on me as to my judgment on my meal.  At Tutti Santi, the staff truly made my wife and I feel that they were genuinely glad to have us there and they enjoyed taking care of us.  My wife ordered the gnocchi, not usually being a fan of gnocchi, they changed my opinion.  We had a wonderful experience.  Not only was the staff enjoyable, there were obviously several regulars, that was also a welcoming sight.  We even met another couple whom we have made a date to meet again at Tutti's in a couple of weeks.  A local neighborhood place with regulars is a good sign....My only criticism is that the wait staff was a little too ambitious to remove plates.  They were not trying to rush us, but felt as if i barely finished my last bite before the plate was whisked away.  Personally, I believe servers should wait till all at the table are finished before removing plates unless requested by someone at the table.  Also desert menu too "common".  Nothing out of the ordinary, pretty much what you would expect as Italian "staples"
5	One word, Wow! Caught me by surprise. My wife has been bugging me to be more adventurous with some of our local restaurants and I'm glad I finally took her advice. This place is awesome all the way around. Atmosphere, food, prices and service. We both ordered chicken dishes and they were so dang flavorful. Made me want to share on yelp. Don't hesitate to visit this joint, it's good folks!
5	I was so happy to see the Tutti Santi sign go up after the last restaurant here closed. The food is just as good as the other locations, and the manager (Jimmy) really cares about doing a good job. All 4 of us loved our meals: lasagna, spaghetti, ravioli and linguini with clams. I love that you can taste that the food is homemade. Our server was friendly, fast and attentive- my drink was never empty and I'm one of those people that goes through like 6 waters per meal. Others have mentioned high prices- Tutti Santi's isn't cheap, but it's also very good. I'd pick this over a cheaper chain any day.
2	Talk about shocked, and not in a good way. I haven't been having good luck with Yelp lately apparently.My in laws just moved to Gilbert and asked me to recommend a place for dinner close to them. Of course I consult yelp and thought this place would be a slam dunk because of the great reviews. Wrong :(We walk in and the atmosphere is really awkward. It was dead silent and everyone was staring at us because the seating arrangement is super close and awkward. They have white linens, which typically indicates more upscale, but then they have a tv blaring in the background at the bar?The service was great (until the end). I would agree with other yelpers that they are way too anxious to clear plates. They were on it, but I thought it was ridiculous to ask my sister in law to take her plate away when there was practically a full salad on it and she was still eating it. Get a clue! But I was very happy that our waters were refilled, bread baskets kept coming, I dropped my fork and they brought me another in like 2 seconds...very attentive service.Despite the excellent service and the ok atmosphere (rearrange the seating and get rid of the tv!), it really is all about the FOOD am I right?This is where this place completely falls apart for me. They simply cannot justify charging the high prices they charge. The quality and execution simply do not match the price. And don't get me wrong, I have NO problem shelling out for great food (I went to Kai for my birthday for crying out loud), but these prices offend me here.We ordered calamari and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. Calamari was rubbery and the garlic and white wine sauce had no flavor and arrived luke warm and got cold in like 1 min. Mushrooms were tough and chewy and too salty.My husband ordered the veal francese. Veal was tough. I just didn't like the combo of flavors but that could be a matter of taste. No excuse for the veal though. His dish came with a side of pasta, which was burned. Totally inedible. I wanted to send it back but my husband hates sending things back and "making a scene".I had the ravioli. It was excellent. I could tell the pasta was homemade and fresh.SIL had the chicken parmesan with a side of fettucine alfredo. She said the chicken was dry and the breading was soggy. It did appear that way. The fettucine alfredo was very good.Her husband got the special - veal with gorgonzola sauce. Same problem with the veal, tough overcooked. The sauce was pretty good.It took FOREVER for our check to come out. Not sure what that was about since they were very attentive the rest of the meal. Our bill came to $123 and change. Keep in mind - no drinks, no dessert, and I had an appetizer for my meal. OUTRAGEOUS for some pretty mediocre food.If you do take your chances going here, I would only get the pasta dishes. Everything else we got was not good. And you probably won't get out of there for under $100.I won't be back.
5	This has become our place when we are craving Italian. We've eaten here a handful of times and each time it has been amazing. Atmosphere- fantastic, very romantic and beautiful interiorService- always excellent. We were even served by one of the owners last night and he was amazing, even accepting our restaurants.com certificate (they exclude fri and sat usually) Price- very affordable for the quality and portionsThe food is always amazing. I've had the special a couple of different times and then ordered off the menu a few times. I always order a glass of wine and the portion is very generous, which i appreciate. We usually get an appetizer like the calamari fritti and then two entrees. The entrees usually come with a salad which is a nice simple salad that allows you to savor the fresh cracked pepper and house vinaigrette. We always take some of the entree home and are full and satisfied.  Unfortunately we have always been too full for dessert...one day perhaps. A definite go.
1	EXTREMELY overpriced. $21-23 per plate. Tiny portion sizes.The food quality is OK, about on par with Olive Garden if you are into that type of quality.They touted fresh made pastas when we entered. When we ordered the Spagetti side dish was definitely not fresh made. The Canneloni was. The Escargot which was highly spoken up by the owner was absolutely horrible. Definitely had been reheated and rather than swimming in butter it was swimming in a luke warm lemon water with spinach. GROSS!!!!Service was average. Nice enough staff. The plates at this place should be $8-14 at most. They are dreaming thinking they can keep charging these prices with the tiny little portion sizes they offer.
5	Really good Italian food!
5	My husband and I have been here twice for happy hour. Here is what we had:Calamari - some of the best calamari we have had. The breading is SO light...and with a little squeeze of lemon and the marinara sauce - YUM! (they will do it sauteed as well)Gnocchi - TO DIE FOR - I've never had such melt in your mouth gnocchi! I could eat it everydayRavioli - super fresh - the pasta to filling ratio was spot on and over all very tasty!Jimmy the waiter/bartender is super friendly and has made us feel so welcome each time.We hope that more people will start frequenting this restaurant  :) Worth the happy hour
5	Very delicious Italian food. I had the Veal Francese, and the sauce was so good that I dumped my already deliciously seasoned side of roasted carrots and zucchini onto my plate, so I could soak up every last drop of it. My only complaint was that we were one of the only tables there....pretty empty, so not much atmosphere. Too bad, since the food was so good.
5	Really awesome pastas.  Amazing sauces on them.  I really enjoyed my dinner.  The soup needed a little salt.
5	We just got back from a romantic celebration and the food was amazing. We had spinach and cheese ravioli and homemade gnocchi and we will be back to have it again. The wine was equally floral and a perfect pairing with the pasta. Our server was great!!! I can say, I will crave the ravioli for days to come. If you want a nice dinner with a romantic setting, you will not be disappointed. I would get a light appetizer for sure as you will be too full to enjoy your entree. And the patio is open for the nice weather!!!
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!  It was my husbands birthday and we decided to order take-out since we have small children and it would be more difficult dining out then eating in.  So I called in to order the take out, first the man who took the order had no clue what was on the menu, he was rushing me when I was trying to ask information on some of the items and stated 25-30 minutes.  I had him repeat the order as well as when it would be ready to pick-up and he said 25-30 minutes again.  So I get there, he said its not ready it would be a few mor minutes, 20 minutes later I had to ask where my takeout order was he said it was coming.  Being it has been over an hour I am getting a bit anxious as I know my husband and children will be starving if I do not get back home.....So an HOUR later they come out with only HALF the order and proceed to say the rest is coming.  At this point I know I had to just get my husbands birthday dinner to him.  It has been an hour and a half, no apologies, no recognition whatsoever, and I say I will just take what I have and go could you please refund me the rest of the order, he responded NO just wait!!!   I should of left because as I tried to waiti the additional time I saw two cockaroaches scurry pass my feet by the bar!  WHAT!!!!!!!!!  I left and I will NEVER be back!
4	Came here with my girlfriend and her skeptical Italian aunt. She ended up really enjoying her food, not bad for a new store. This place is more like American, Italian fusion. The waitress was really sweet but she had a few hiccups because she just started..... Kinda weird though, they were playing Mexican music haha.
5	Best homemade ravioli and gnocchi!!! Absolutely phenomenal!  You won't be disappointed.  This is our 2nd visit in less than a week.
5	Most amazing ravioli and gnocchi we have ever had!!! So fresh and tender and the sauces are divine!
