5	Love the vibe! Good place to go to hang out with the friends and have a drink at the bar. Also good for a night out with the family as well. Def go check the place out!! Lots of beers on draft, great menu, and good prices!!!
5	Great local business!  Food is tremendous, I recommend the meatloaf, best I've ever had, sorry mom!  Beer selection is out of this world, including a self pouring wall that you can get prepaid, definitely a plus when playing pool, darts or shuffleboard.  Staff is extremely friendly and the place is very family friendly.  Will be a great place for football in a few months!
2	Nothing special. McMullans is better. The food is alright. Great service and friendly bartenders. Only bar with High Sierra beer from Reno. Its English? Maybe Irish? I'm confused. Cheap beer before a Hardrock concert only real reason to go outside of friendly bartenders
4	This place still has that new pub smell!  Spacious and friendly, this makes a good food and drink alternative for anyone frequenting the Hard Rock Hotel across the street.  The salmon I ate was delicious and inexpensive.  The real reason to recommend this place is the eager staff who make this a pleasant stop.  The bartender, Britney, is such a cutie!  I think I'm smitten!
4	After my husband's birthday party at KISS Mini-Golf was said and done, a handful of us decided we weren't quite ready to head home.  While hanging out in the parking lot discussing our options, we noticed the sign for Firkin.  Having my handy Yelp knowledge, I knew this place just opened and that they had over 40 beers on tap.  I was easily able to sell my friends on the idea of hanging out there for the rest of the (late) night.The space inside of Firkin is quite large with plenty of seating for dinner, as well as a large bar and a lounge area with couches and pool tables.  Everything is new and shiny and there are plenty of TV's to catch a game.  The employees were super friendly and very knowledgeable despite only have been open for a few weeks.  Everyone in our group really enjoyed the atmosphere here.They offer specials almost every night of the week, and for this particular night (Friday) they had $3 well drinks and house wine.  Sadly, I didn't get to take advantage of these offers having had too much to drink at the party beforehand.  My friends, however, decided on getting one of the many draft beers available and they were able to sample a couple to see what they liked before putting in their orders.  I'm not sure if it's standard procedure to get samples or if they were being nice to us since we wandered in at one in the morning; either way, my friends were grateful.Firkin offers a full menu but I didn't have a chance to check it out to see the items or pricing.  They also have a limited late night menu from which I ordered the onion rings, one of the few vegetarian choices I saw.  The onion rings were good but a bit too greasy for me.  For the late night menu, think typical pub fare like fish and chips and lots of appetizers.My friends and I were all glad that we made the walk over the parking lot to give Firkin a try.  It was nice to sit down and hang out by the bar to eat and drink and then move the party on over to the lounge area.  Things are a little slow there right now since they are new, in a parking lot with a ton of dead retail space, and their location has a blocked view from Hard Rock.  If tourists were smart, they would come over to Firkin to pregame with cheap drinks before heading over to Hard Rock for the clubs or gambling.I definitely recommend for the good atmosphere, huge beer selection, and great drink specials.  In the same parking lot as KISS Mini-Golf, across Harmen from the Hard Rock.
5	I've gone here twice now. This place rocks because: (1) great beer selection; (2) super friendly and helpful bartenders/waitresses; (3) basic food at a fair price; (4) pool tables, shuffle board, darts, loungey area; (5) tons of TV's; (6) location - right across from hardrock in the same parking lot as the new Kiss mini-put-put park.  This is my new preferred Friday after work happy hour spot.  Highly recommend grabbing a few cold ones before golfing at the Kiss park (locals discount- $10 to play).  Love it!
4	Before I go on, please understand that I am coming from the perspective of a local and a huge beer geek.  I normally don't drop names of other establishments in my reviews, but when it comes to beer I take things seriously. That being said, I have mixed feelings about Firkin.  There are definitely a few things I would improve.  Overall though this place is an awesome addition to the Vegas bar scene and I look forward to future visits!  Let's begin, shall we?Beer first!  With a name like 'Firkin' you would think they would have cask ale (google it!).  Unfortunately, there was no cask ale, although I was told by the bartender and a woman that appeared to be a manger that they were working on getting cask ale.  I am hopeful that Firkin will join the ranks of Todd English Pub and Public House as establishments that serve cask ale (and hopefully they serve it properly).  The beer selections are mostly English ales, a few of them being the mediocre Newcastles and Guinnesses of the UK.  The selection of fine US craft beer suffers at the expense of the bar's theme, I suppose.  They did have Firestone Walker Union Jack, Double Jack, and Dogfish Head 60.  I enjoyed an Innis and Gunn Rum Cask ale.  They also have 10 rotating seasonal self serve taps that make things kind of fun!  Watch out though because their beers range from $6-8 a piece, although they do have deals on Newcastles.  Overall, the beer selection is great for Vegas bars, but disappointing compared to the likes of Aces and Ales or Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits.  I am fine with this considering the crappy beer served in most Vegas pubs, like the Hofbrauhaus across the street.On to what I really loved, the food!  I ordered the house French Dip ($11.95).  Not a bad price for a tourist place.  The roast beef was really juicy, the onions grilled perfectly, and with the touch of horse radish on a baguette bun, this was an amazingly delicious french dip!  I tried a bite of my friend's curry, and although a little sweet for my taste it was full of flavor and quite delicious.  Their perfect french fries were lightly battered, yet still light and fluffy.  Very good food at an affordable price makes me a returning customer!The atmosphere is nice and social; no slot machines which is a plus in my book.  Lots of TV's.  The staff was very friendly, although somewhat lacking in beer knowledge.  I expect that the staff will be educated as the place evolves.  The promised addition of cask ale is exciting.  I would like to see them hire a Cicerone who also knows about cask beer (www.ukbrewing.com FAQ!).
4	Definitely a great new British Pub to add to the Eastside.  Located across from Hofbrahaus, this place is very unique in its atmosphere but more importantly has great food! Our service was great and they offer food at a very reasonable price with large portions.  Very worth the short drive :)
4	I heard about Firkin a few weeks ago.  I finally was afforded the opportunity to check it out.  I was in the area waiting to pick up a friend from nearby McCarran Airport.  I stopped in for a quick pint.  It was a Monday night.  The first Monday night of the NFL season meaning a Monday Night Football game.  Local radio station X 107.5 was there.  Beer was only $3.00.  Some food was priced lower for the game also.  I started with just a pint of New Castle.  I came back after hitting the airport.  I then ordered another pint and the fish and chiplets ($5.00 special).  The service was good.  The staff are willing to talk to you and aren't just going through the motions.  I found the experience to be rather enjoyable.  From the service to the good food.  The fries are battered and crispy.  The fish was in the form of nuggets (small pieces).  Battered, fried, hot and crispy.  The tartar sauce was delicious.  I believe it had green onion in it.  A squeez of the grilled lemon and a drizzle of the malt vinegar across the plate made for a dinner worthy of the British beer and atmoshpere that firkin provides.  Some other points to note are:1. The self-serve beer wall with 10 beers to choose from 2. The game room with billiards, darts, and shuffle board3. The large and clean restaurant area4. The lack of annoying slot machines at the bar.and one for the guys (or some gals, I don't judge)...5. The waitresses are wearing short plaid "kilts" and low cut tops.I had a good time during the couple of hours I spent at Firkin.  I plan to go back several times.  Maybe it wont be frequently but this is certainly a place I can see myself for a beer or two after work perhaps a couple times a month.
1	After about a week from hearing about Firkin I was more than amped for date night!! I used to work a British pub and knew that it wouldn't be the same, there would be differences but still the food would be AMAZING!!Much to my dismay, it was NOT! After ordering drinks I ordered a side of chips-fries, and a side of yellow curry to dip. YUM! What was brought out were some tasty chips and.. MANGO CHUTNEY?! Ok, not the greatest start, let's try again. The waiter brings back what he FIRST says is the curry but it looks different and a bit darker. I taste it.. Chilli with a massive hit of lemon-by look and taste it was chilli. I ask another waitress if what I was looking at was their yellow curry, she tells me NO! She has NO idea what they've brought me. Our waiter comes back and now firmly stands behind that no that was indeed how their chill--i mean yellow curry looked.Moving on...We go to order dinner. My fiance orders Salmon something--he said was good and tasty just a tad dry though. My friend that tagged along for food that evening ordered the Black and Bleu Burger Well Done- her burger came out slightly pink. I order the Bangers, Beans and Mash.. only to be told that somebody dropped the Bangers that morning on the floor and were completely out. Fine, Fish and Chips but no chips, sub mash and gravy. I'm told it would be a white country gravy, not my favorite, but fine.Food is served...Black and Bleu Burger.. looks great-till she discovers the slightly pink center.Salmon something with Jameson.. loved it-tad dry.Fish and sub mash with country gravy.. I was brought fish and chips. Round two: Mash-dry from sitting and a tasteless brown gravy that was a bit sour? Round three: and they're now out of white country gravy?! so i'm brought a garlic butter?At this point I threw in the towel and had him bring me a box for the 3 plates of fries we had sitting in front of us.Was it worth the $55 tab that was never comped NOR was I apologised to by a manager.. NO!Will I go back for food.. NO!Would I go back to drink a beer and enjoy the atmosphere,. Possibly-if I could ever get over the terrible taste in the back of my throat that is Firkin on Paradise.Next time I'm craving Fish and Chips, Bangers and Mash, Shepherd's Pie or a tasty Bread Pudding.. I'll be SURE to go to Crown and Anchor on Spring Mtn instead or maybe even try The English at Town Sqr.Sorry Firkin but you have crashed and burned into a radical pit regarding your chefs, sub standard food, lying and misinformed staff, and your lack of respect or regard for a customer for a manager to even show face!
4	As a local who loves a good beer and a nice establishment - especially places that are smoke-free - this new bar and pub is wonderful.  For anyone who works at/near UNLV, the University district has been waiting for a place like this.  I have been to the Firkin twice in the past 5 days.  Here are my thoughts.  First things first, the beer.  They have a great selection of draft beers for a wide range of tastes.  Tuesdays are 2 for 1 pints, which is a great special!!  All day long!!!   They have a bar for self-tap beer, although I haven't seen anyone use it.  The food has been very good so far too.  The wings are awesome and come in about 15 different flavors.  The Red Thai and Bourbon wings are my Favorite!!  The Suicide is near-death - eat with caution!  Potato skins and Irish Nachos are great.  But the killer dish here is the Bread Pudding!   Yes, I said Bread Pudding!  You must try the Bread Pudding with a scoop of ice cream!!  The Firkin has daily specials which can make your experience better if you save money.  Thursdays and Sundays they have football specials with great deals on beer and food.  Tuesdays are 2-for-1 pints all day long.  There are 2 pools tables, a shuffleboard table, and darts - for those of you looking to play games while socializing.  Lots of televisions near the bar for great sports viewing.  Honestly, this place has everything.  All in all, this place is a great addition to the campus neighborhood.  I hope business is good for them and they can stay open for a long time.
4	Beer and wings. This is a place to go. Clean English style interior makes this place neat and cozy at the same time. Variety beer selection with daily promotion would attract beer lovers to this pub. 15 different wing flavors from buffalo to pineapple curry and huge wings definitely works for foodies like me. All you can eat wings for $12.99 on wednesday is worth to try all different flavors as many as you can. If you are looking for a place to escape from smokey bars in Las vegas, I highly encourage you to visit smoke-free and cozy Firkin on Paradise.
4	I'm a fan of the dark wood decor, descent beer selection and good food specials. One night it was bottomless wings with a choice of 18 sauces and another night it was a burger and a beer for $12. The wings were really good and I was really happy with the burger and beer combo! :)The service has always been friendly and attentive. It's in the neighborhood that includes the Double Down Saloon, Hofbrauhouse and Hard Rock Hotel. It's a older run down area of town, but Firkin has livened up that corner a bit. Drop in and give it a try. HAPPY EATING!
4	Firkin On Paradise is a British themed pub in the Las Vegas Bar Belt at Paradise and Harmon. It is big on fun and small on price.   Throughout Firkin On Paradise, TVs show sports. Firkin ties in sports with beer and food specials. At the time of our visit during the soccer game $2 beers and a $5 fish and chips special were featured.   Here are several reasons I would return to  Firkin on Paradise. Their $4.50  price for beer is reasonable. By the way this is half the price that the Hofbrauhaus across the street charges. Their $2 beer special is sensational. The pub has an average noise level where I can hear myself talk and think. From the Yelp pictures, the food looks delicious. The servers are friendly and informative of the specials. There are plenty of TVs to watch sports that include soccer and football. There are pool tables. The British pub theme rocks. It is across from the Hard Rock where I can continue to have a good time. It is in back of Kiss Mini Golf (after a few beers Kiss Mini Golf could be challenging). And I am a fan of drinking  beer in a pub.
3	First experience left me with a sour taste in my mouth. I had sat for 15 minutes in a booth before I was even approached. I saw employees standing around the bar, one server working a few booths, and the bartender picked up a few here and there. I was not in a hurry since my friend was joining me. I eventually got a beer and continued to wait. 30 minutes, 45 minutes, my friend had arrived and no one had approached to see if he wanted anything. At this point, I went to the bar, cashed out, and we walked across the street to another gastropub.Today, I went back to give it another try. Yet again, off to a shaky start. 10 minutes without being acknowledged. 15 minutes, the bartender came by. I got a beer and it took some time for her to come around to take our food order. Once we got that in, it got better. The food specials are dirt cheap. Service is still a little spotty. I understand that bars are different than restaurants. I just wish that the staff could be a little more observant to their surroundings. It is not like they are rude, they are all downright pleasant, just unfocused. The Firkin burger is a great deal. Especially when they do the $7 pairing with any domestic pint. $.50 wings, puts the chains to shame. These steroid birds are meaty, juicy, and not breaded. Sadly, the fish and chips are unremarkable. The breading on the filets and nuggets are too thick. It was crispy, but when you coat anything in a thick shell, it is bound to have a crunch. Firkin's has some essences of a pub, but it tends to lean more towards a family eatery. The mix menu allows for options. This could be a good thing for those who wants pasta and pizzas, but leaves me wanting more of the traditional UK fare.
4	Decided to check out this new pub after getting a Groupon for $15 for $30 worth of food and drinks. We went last night (Saturday) and got seated right away at a nice huge booth. I really love the look and atmosphere of the place, The music on the other hand was horrible. At one point, the music cut out and a few people cheered. We were there for almost 2 hours and I think 2 good songs played which were some good ol' Damian Marley tunes.I loved the choice of 42 beers on tap and you cant beat the $1 PBR on draft either. Although I'm not a big fan of PBR, I am however a broke college student looking for a cheap buzz haha. I got the half tuna melt sandwich with sweet potato fries which was delicious and my boyfriend got the fish and chips which he said tasted like it was made earlier and just thrown back in the fryer to reheat.The server was very attentive and nice. Before we went I saw a review on how all the servers are dressed in short plaid skirts and low tops, I guess I was expecting really hot girls and was a bit disappointed to say the least. The bill was around $55 which isn't too bad. I'd probably go again.
4	So after numerous drive-bys of this place and wondering to myself "what the hell is a firkin", I finally decided to google it.And, well, I'm glad I did.I came here with a group of 6 people to meet before we headed on down to see the Evil Dead musical. We were greeted by 2 different hostesses which was an immediate thumbs up in my book.Our server was super silly which made the evening fun, he recommended all sorts of different beers and specials which was really helpful. Pabst for a buck if that tickles anyones fancy.The interior is really awesome and still clean because it's new so that's a plus and there are tv's and pool tables.Onto the food. I had the Turkey melt which is really fresh tasting turkey with avocado, cheese, and mango chutney grilled panini style with garlic fries. It is... SO, so delicious, I highly recommend it. Pretty much everyone at the table wish they had ordered it too. My boyfriend got the tuna melt which he thought was great as well. Other food items ordered were the grilled cheese, the meatloaf, fish and chips, and a burger. Everyone loved their meals, but apparently the burger was voted as "meh".Overall it's got great food, the atmosphere was nice (except the night we were there one half of the place got super clubby and annoying, not that I don't mind a little dubstep but seriously, it just didnt jive with the rest of the place), service was cool, and the booze specials made it that much better. I also ended up coming here for lunch yesterday with the boyfriend again, the place was kind of dead, but still, the food here is pretty legit so I definitely recommend it as a lunch place as well if you want a low key spot to meet.
4	I was on vacation and found a groupon for this place. The food was GOOOD and the portions were large. I had the 2 piece fish n chips. I was a little leery on the portion but I was barely able to finish it and I sat there in a food coma for a little while. Only gripes, where the minus one stat comes in at... (in their defense it was 4pm, just before the dinner rush, might not have been prepared.)*Refills.... had to ask multiple times.  *Food took a while to come out*Had to wait and eventually ask for the checkOverall it was very good. I'd go back.
2	I liked the bar tops and the fact that it was nicely lit at this pub...that's about it.  Wait, the fries were pretty good...My bf's brother got the fish sandwich with a side of wilted salad.  Yes, wilted because they had put the salad on the same plate as the fish sandwich, and the plate must have been placed under the heat lamp for quite some time prior to making it to our table.I had the fish and chips, and again, I must admit that the garlic fries were pretty good.  The fish however, was not as good as I had hoped it to be.  The batter did not hold to the fish.  It was not fluffy and airy with the crisp to it.   My boyfriend had the Bangers, bean and mash.  All three of us came to the agreement that the bangers tasted like breakfast sausage.  Very underwhelmed.Will I be coming back to this Firkin place (which is a chained pub btw), highly doubted.
2	I am a huge fan of Brit , Irish, Spaniard, pubs , awesome beers andepic soccer games. They just go perfect with each other just like Tom Waitts drinking habits and his awesome music, megatron and optimus, me and strippers..you know the usual .This Place felt more of a hipster wanna be brit place. A fabricated idea to satisfy tourists and others that cant make it to the german spot right across or don't want to go inside the hard rock hotel because its too packed or too expensive. Don't get me wrong..looks great but it is just missing "IT"There are enough TV's and most of them were on American sports..including nascar.. I was like..uhhh...yeah..thats not right.lol.Place was busy enough but lots of spots to seat. It is kinda too big.The food was OK.. only remarkable thing was the French fries..Super crispy and very well cooked inside, but other than that everything was just OK. The burger meat was good.A little on the dry side but not bad  . I give it an ok because the French fries came and saved the day again.I ordered a pound of wings..which sounds a lot right? Well there were only 9 wings. We also ordered the Irish nachos..which is circularcuts of french fries with melted cheese on top on a little tiny plate. Super disappointed on that. Don't expect guac, salsa, nothing..I mean why the heck even call them nachos????.The only impressive thing about the menu was the lack of good food.Beer selection is pretty decent but the size / price relation is a little off.  Also some beers were only bottled and not even the rare ones. Prices were accesible Service... we had to hunt for our server a couple of times. 15 minutes to get our check, refills were slow , however when she was there she was very personable . Not sure if they are understaffed or what .So in conclusion if you want the vegas version of a brit pub where everything feels fabricated and fake, then you will enjoy it,Dont get me wrong; It is a nice spot that can def deliver some good times but if you are in the search for good euro food ,service,ambiance  and an awesome variety of beer , then Ill recommend to look around for another place.May the soccer, good beer and raging fish and chips  gods be with youon this search!!
1	My wife, a friend and I went there for dinner yesterday night. My friend ordered a tuna melt and was informed that they were out. I ordered a chicken wrap and he decided to do the same. Very disappointing! They tasted like cardboard. We informed the waitress who was trying to help. She suggested the slider which was on special that night. My friend said to bring 1. When it finally came out, it looked like it was a 2 day old burger cooked on a trash can. I know that sliders aren't exactly an attractive meal, but even the waitress agreed when we complained. She had the manager come to the table. We were expecting an apology and simply offering a suggestion for the disappointing food. Instead, we got a rude, bad attituded person. His statement was "What do you expect, it cost a dollar." We are locals that frequent restaurants in the area several times a week. Since we have watched the entire transformation of this location from failing businesses, we were excited to try this out. We can definitely overlook the small stuff with a new business...but when the manager has a poor attitude and incapable of solving a simple situation, it leaves a bad taste in everyone's mouth. All 3 of us drive the very large (25+ passenger) limos in this town. We are always asked about a good place to eat. Everyone loves a great local pub atmosphere with good food. Unfortunately, we are very opinionated and will make sure that everyone we know hears about our experience. The only positive aspect of the meal seemed to be the garlic fries.
3	Look...it is what it is: a strip mall bar in Las Vegas.Pros: - I learned about "the breakfast shot" - butterscotch schnapps, irish whiskey with a slice of bacon in it and an OJ back.- nice staff Cons:- cheesey aesthetic- mellow enough atmosphere- sports on tv- a strip mall bar in Las Vegas
4	Overall, I thought this was a 3.5-star place, but I'm rounding up due to the excellent and friendly service.The inside is really nice and clean, well-decorated, and somewhat in keeping with the British theme. It feels more like a restaurant than a bar, which is exactly what I was looking for. We need a place to hang out that has a good beer menu, decent food, no smoke, sports on tv, and allows kids! Thank you, Firkin, for filling that void in this city.I was with a big group and we sampled lots of different items:chicken fried steak (4 stars)pizza (2.5 stars - just your standard bar pizza)fish and chips (3 stars)chicken pot pie (3 stars)french dip (4 stars)bread pudding (delish - a million stars!!!!)Seriously, the bread pudding was awesome. It has a good texture and flavor, then they added craisins, and it was covered with this Jack Daniel butterscotch sauce, which was amazing. I would have eaten that sauce with a spoon.The beer list was pretty good - over 30 on tap, with a special emphasis on British/Irish selections, and many more in bottles.We had the 1 year old with us, who loves walking around and checking things out, and everybody was super nice to her. Our waiter was awesome, quick with our refills, gave good recommendations, and was very friendly. In addition, the food came out quickly, but not too quickly (considering the pot pie). Prices were reasonable, overall, but not a bargain.The space might be too big, considering there were several tables sitting down while we were in there, but it still felt empty. Also, there was only one person sitting at the bar, so maybe it gets rowdier late at night?
2	The Skinny: barely edible dishes - undercooked pie crust that ruined at least 2 dishes, soup that makes Campbell's look gourmet(1); service/ambience: f*(king loud as hell - was texting my hubby sitting across the table, slow dinner service (waited 20+ minutes for a salad and soup), have to admit - servers were nice which is why they deserve at least 2 stars for this (2); value: it's an insult to pay for your food here. Take your well earned dollars and put 'em to use elsewhere (1)The only thing that made Firkin at least bearable was the knowledge that we paid for our meal mostly with a Groupon deal. Other than that, our experience here was poor.We came here Monday night during a football game and they had jacked up the volume to ear drum splitting levels. The hubs and I were literally texting across the table because we couldn't hear each other even though we were shouting at the top of our lungs. We'd come primarily to taste their English pub food and not to imbibe. However I'm thinking the food probably would have tasted better if you were f&*king trashed to hell.We ordered the Apple Cobbler, Chicken Pot Pie, Tomato Soup, and the Baby Spinach salad. Of the four dishes, the only ones which was vaguely edible was the salad and the soup. I ordered the baby spinach salad with bacon, tomato, pine nuts and dried cranberries with balsamic dressing ($8.95). The pine nuts were raw. The tomato was mealy. The bacon was served in ungainly large chunks while the dressing was completely generic. But at least this was the most edible thing we ordered.The tomato soup ($4.95) paled in comparison to good ol' Campbell's soup. It tasted like warmed over ketchup with very little complexity and no basil flavouring to speak of. But again - at least edible.What wasn't edible was the two items that required pie crust. Undercooked, it was doughy and completely unappetizing in both the chicken pot pie and the apple cobbler. The chicken pot pie's crust was simply not cooked and soggy. Add the gloppy pie filling consisting of macerated chicken pieces, carrots and celery, it made for an unappealing dish.In the apple cobbler, where the pie crust served as a base, the chef had obviously neglected to pre-bake the crust underneath the pie to actual cook the pastry. Throw in the fact that the crumble topping was not even browned, it was an all around fail.Perhaps  the only redeeming quality of the place was that the servers were pleasant and they tried to do their best despite the loud noise and the obvious kitchen issues.Thankfully, we had a Groupon to use at this culinary wasteland and therefore did not pay full price for the items we were served. I pity others who have. For the slow kitchen and poor quality food, this place rates a 2-star and only because our service was okay. Would not recommend.
4	I popped in for Lunch on Friday. With it being Friday and in an English Pub I ordered the Fish and Chips, or fires in the this case. The fish was perfect nice crunchy batter, two fat pieces of cod done well. The fries....eh ok nothing to write home about. Service was good and the place looks nice. Looks like it could be fun in the eventing hours. I would agree with Mindy, its a 3.5 but also rounding up for service and ambience.
3	The food at firkin was slightly disappointing.  My husband ordered the cottage pie which was sweet and served with a gravy that tasted like raw flour.  I had the fish and chips.  The fish was pretty decent.  We ordered onion rings as an appetizer and they were good but you could see puddles of oil sitting on the plate.  The beer wall concept was cool and they have a large selection of beer.  This is a good place to drink and watch the game but don't go there with an appetite.  The waiting staff was nice but we were never informed of the specials.  We were rushed into paying our bill.  Getting water refills was near impossible.
3	Go for the beer. It's pretty typical tasting bar food, so unless that's what your looking for, I say skip it.We went on a Sunday, which this time of year is usually busy times for bars with everyone getting their football on. But we pulled up, it looked pretty empty, just a handful of people at the bar cheering on their team of choice. A few more groups showed up during the time we were there but it never got busy.The service was okay, our waitress was patient with our first timer questions. But once the time came for her shift to end she couldn't help bugging us while still eating if we'd like dessert and if we'd mind paying the bill. Then we were pretty much ignored by the next shift, I assumed if we wanted something we now had to go up to the bar.I got some wings, they were good sized and cooked perfect but the sauce was lacking. If you get wings ask for extra sauce. I sampled the Jameson glazed which was sweet, but with hardly any sauce the wings seemed bland. The Sweet chili was my other sauce, not spicy at all but had a nice Asian taste. My hubby tried to order a French Dip but they didn't have any, so he went with a Firkin Burger and garlic fries. The burger was pretty much a dry frozen burger fancied up with toppings. The garlic fries were tasty but I wasn't impressed. Our friends ordered Onion Rings which I got to try, they were big thick batter dipped rings, a tad greasy but still pretty good. The Beer Wall is a pretty good deal if you're looking to sample different beer. They usually have 10 to choose from, that you can pour yourself. If your a local and plan on drinking a lot or coming back, they have a Beer Wall special.Overall the place was over priced and not all that special, there are more and more bars that have a bevy of brews to chose from.
1	Yikes, yikes, yikes. Without my Groupon I would have left here a very, very unhappy camper. Luckily, my friend and I were dining on a Groupon I purchased so I just left disappointed and will never be back.This "English" pub has really no Brit to it, besides the interior and the look of the place, which feels more like it is too big for its own britches. With Americana rock n roll playing overhead and volleyball and basketball playing on the TVs I was having a WTF moment the whole time we dined. Add to that the as always menu you will find anywhere for a "British" establishment in Las Vegas. A majority of the menu is Americana grub food, not British. Okay, so what about the food? I was highly disappointed in both my choices. I got the clam chowder - hardly a chowder, mostly white congealed broth with clams in it. When it arrived at the table it had a sheen on it, like it had been sitting around all day in a big colander in the back. I had to pepper the hell out of it to get flavor. Next - the "pub dip" - whatever it is called - it sucks. It is a ciabatta type roll with meandering wads of meat pushed into it served with au jus and a horrid tasting horseradish. I don't know what was wrong with the horseradish, but I'm glad I got it on the side. Why serve this sandwich on a ciabatta roll I must ask, why?! A dip should have nice, squishy, soft bread to soak up the au jus! I was severely disappointed with my meal.My friend has the fish and chips, and the "chips" were fries. Yes, in case you're wondering, "chips" are typically much fatter than the ones they serve at Firkin. She said though that the fish was good, but the batter was a bit heavy.And lastly - my friend ordered a cider drink and received a Boddington's. Of course, I didn't notice this until she offered the half-drunk drink to me because she said she didn't like it. As I took a big swig, expecting cider, I was awash with the taste of British beer... because I have had Boddington's before. And indeed - there on our receipt it even said one pint of Boddington's. Since the transgression had happened to so long ago, and all I really wanted to do was leave this establishment, which had hardly any patrons in it - we relented and paid our bill.Never again frickin Firkin. FRICK I wish I'd never come here!
3	My friends and I are regulars at McMullan's for trivia but we were in the mood to try something new. We heard about the new trivia at Firkin that is on Tuesdays at 7 and were excited to give it a try. They start a little earlier than McMullan's, which is a plus, since it's a work night. We arrived around 6pm to get a seat and drinks before trivia started. They have happy hour specials that go until 7 as well as other beer specials that run throughout trivia, which is great. I only ordered an iced tea, and I have to say it was terrible. It was very watered down and didn't taste very good at atll. I'll stick with water or beer next time. Our server was attentive and friendly. One complaint on the drinks was that despite the bar not being overly crowded, about an hour in they began serving beers in plastic cups instead of glasses to everyone. I suspect they either don't have enough staff to handle a trivia crowd and turn around on washing dishes or they need to invest in more glasses. We enjoyed trivia, although McMullan's still has my heart. They miscalculated our scores, but when we brought this to their attention they rectified the situation quickly. The food was just ok. I ordered a basic BLT-A sandwich and devoured it quickly as I was starving. It was good, but really nothing special. My fella ordered the pineapple curry wings and these were the star of the show. I really enjoyed the flavor and look forward to returning just for these. I purchased the Groupon that is available solely to try these wings again. I don't think this place has won us over from McMullan's, but it's an ok choice if you're in the area.
4	Chicken wings and beer are my two favorite food groups. Add trivia and I'm a happy guy. I had the pineapple curry and hot wings. Next time I'm sticking with just the pineapple curry. They were pretty good. My girl ordered the BLT and didn't share a bite. Since it had avocado, so I didn't feel too bad about that. A lot of the food is hit or miss, so just stick to the regular stuff and don't get too adventurous. Good experience overall. I'll be back for the wings and beer specials during games.
2	Is it weird that Firkin has an urban dictionary definition? Did I ever tell you that I thought I came up with the word Fathlete only to have my hopes and dreams crushed by urban dictionary? Another story for another day...on to Firkin on Paradise.I've been here a few times for co-workers going away parties. So I'd say the majority of my experiences here have been for beer n' app's. Not too shabby, they do make a pretty mean onion raaang. So when I saw that they were doing a Groupon I jumped at the opportunity.On a quiet, no plans, just back from vacation, not really feel like hanging out with anyone kind of night my wife and I decided to redeem the Groupon and grab some grub here. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked in and UFC was playing on every TV and blasting over the sound system. It was kind of weird that this was a Saturday night and outside the bar they weren't advertising that they were showing the fight and they had food specials listed Mon-Fri, but nothing on this Saturday night. Huh? So I went with the chicken strips, which sounded like they were made in similar fashion as the fish n' chips. Whoa, these were world class bad strips. Over cooked, stringy, and a batter that just tasted poor. The waitress was fantastic and took these back and offered to bring me something else. I went with a plain ol' cheeseburger, which was real good. Nothing special, just a good bar burger. My wife went with the parmesan grilled cheese. Here's the problem, they ran out of parmesan bread, so it was a plain grilled cheese. The part I don't understand is that when you run out of an item, why do you just assume that somone won't know that the item isn't as described and serve it anyways? Como que what? It was a decent grilled cheese, every 6yo in the world would have been satisfied. The bread pudding was very good and I would recommend that. So overall it was a pretty poor dining experience. I would still come here if someone was having a party of sorts, the beer is great, but I wouldn't go out of my way to break bread in this establishment.Schmeh...
4	I found my replacement for BWW!! 50c Wings $2 Coors Light, and $3 Blue Moons for Monday Night Football and AYCE Wings on Wednesdays!! Service was really good, waiter came back as soon as our beers were low. They have pool tables and lil name draws to win prizes. Age was mainly mid 20s when I was there. Good crowd. I will quickly become a regular. Only reason I docked a star is because the sound system for the TVs don't work that well and I didnt try anything except for the wings and beers
5	Great place to hang out and drink great beer with friends and family.  The owner was out busing tables and providing great service. Thanks
5	This place is amazing all you can eat wings$12.95.so many flavors ..the bartenders and servers are awesome very friendly the host greet you and welcome you and to top it off the head chef came out to see how are food was.. we even took my friends kids they have a wonderful kids menu and while they colored we played pool and shuffle board... there is nothing on the menu i wouldnt recomend we found are new hot spot i suggest any one try this place out :)
5	OMG! AMAZING FOOD and AWESOME SERVICE!The food was AMAZING. The service was above and beyond! The drinks were delicious! And what a variety of BEER! Everything was YUMMY! We had onion rings as an appetizer, Firkin' Burger and Wednesdays they offer all you can eat wings for $12.95. TRY IT! You will get 15 flavors to choose from for the chicken wings, they come 5 at a time. Come here with your significant other or with a group of friends! We came here at about 1 PM on a Wednesday, it wasn't SLOW nor BUSY BUSY, just steady busy. The manager was even helping bring out food, there were two waitresses and a bartender, everyone was SUPER NICE. I cannot say enough. The prices were EXTREMELY REASONABLE. Unfortunately I live in Southern California, but will definitely go #1 in my To Do-List for our next Las Vegas trip, without a doubt.*Tip! Check-in with Yelp and receive 10% off your bill! Yayy!
4	Review on restaurant (food) part, not the bar (drinks): Went here after a Styx concert with a girlfriend of mine. We went around 11pm on a Saturday night and was glad it wasn't loud or crowded (I guess it's just bar people hanging around this time). We ordered two appetizers and shared the Firkin burger. In the past, bar food have always been mediocre which made me think that I shouldn't even bother eating at bars or pubs. However, lately, I've been seeing a trend where bars are definitely upgrading their food quality. The appetizers we got were the sweet potato fries and Irish nachos. Both were pretty good actually, which made me think that it's okay to order one of their entrees. They ran out of fish and chips so I opted for their burger... And I'm actually glad I did. I've never been impressed by burgers since every burger joint tastes the same to me (yeah, sorry) but Firkin's burger was perfection! The meat was cooked and seasoned right and was very juicy. I don't even remember what else went in the burger but everything tasted so good. One thing I do remember is that there was a hint of sweetness in the sauce? I also chose the garlic fries as a side. It smelled and tasted so garlic-y and I didn't find out why until I was halfway done and noticed real minced garlic pieces on the bottom. I don't know about you, but this impressed me since they didn't just used garlic flavoring and sprinkled it on top of the fries but they actually cooked it with garlic to give its flavor. Even without a Groupon deal, I wouldn't mind going back here.
4	It's supposed to be a British pub, right? But, nothing about the interior or the food screamed British to me. Of course my experience might be different than most because I was with a group (about 20ish?) for a friend's birthday. A set amount was paid, we were seated at a long row of high-top tables, given wristbands, and were subsequently spoiled with  an all you can drink/all you can eat extravaganza. The AYCD portion included all drafts, well drinks, and house wine. They've got a decent mix of imports and domestics -- most of which you've probably heard of or tasted elsewhere. The food they brought out was typical bar food. Sliders, wings, onion rings, spinach artichoke dip, potato skins... like I said, nothing that would make me think of a British pub. Unless, of course, southwest egg rolls originated across the pond. I didn't look at their menu so for all I know it's full of fish and chips, bangers and mash, and other British favorites. For bar food, it was decent. The sliders were the best of the bunch. While the food wasn't revolutionary, the service was. Plates were cleared quickly, plenty of food was brought out for everyone with lots left behind, bartenders were friendly, and the manager stopped by frequently to check up on things. All in all it was a good experience. We all had a great time, especially the birthday girl.
1	Went here because of the Groupon and because I heard an ad on the radio decided I wanted to try it.  As a chef and a beer lover, I rather enjoy trying these British pubs.  The first thing we saw when we walked in was a member of the staff taking an irish car bomb with some customers.  Afterwards, my friend and I waited at least 30 minutes at a table for a drink before we decided to sit at the bar.  The waiter came over and blamed the long wait on the bartenders.  Once there, the bartenders were nice, however they were a bit uneasy which makes them seem unfriendly.  The Manager stood at the end of the bar the whole night, which I didn't really see him do anything.  He could have touched tables or something.The ambiance was ok.  It isn't exactly an authentic pub but there are TVs and layout is decent.  It is a modern american twist on a British pub which I would honestly have preferred for them to pick one or the other because the attempt comes off as very tacky.We ate the Irish nachos, which were pretty good.  It is actually just cheese fries but it was a creative name.  It is a shame that the service was poor, I would have liked to try some more of their food.  However, I don't see my self coming back any time soon.
2	First thing we notice when we walked in was that we would not be able to have a conversation. The TVs are so obscenely loud, I don't care what you are watching there is no need to have to scream to the person sitting next to you. Its not a  night club, turn the volume down. The service is very poor here. The waitress are obviously hired for looks not common sense. We were pounced on for our drink orders only to wait 10 minutes to be served water. By the time she returned with 3 drinks, 2 of which were beer, she just plopped them down with a confused look we guessed which beer was which. We got used to confused blonde merely setting things down and then us rearranging who got what. The garlic fries were good but everything else was okay. Fish and chip portions were small, the fish was smaller than the chicken tenders.  As far as a pub, its just a bar covered in tvs, that serves some British beers. There is nothing British about the menu, or the experience.  Being British, I have given up on finding anything remotely close to home. Save some money and go eat at any casino cafe, its the same food.  None of the 4 people I went with will be returning. What a shame.
3	My wife and I were driving southbound on Paradise after visiting the strip. We saw this British Pub and decided to go in for a late lunch on a Sunday, so there were a few people in the bar/restaurant drinking beer, eating food, and watching the late games.We were helped right away and told to sit wherever we wanted. We were provided with our menus and decided to just drink water. The waitress was friendly, but kind of quirky. She was an outstanding water water-re filler (one of the best ever actually)I ordered the curry chicken and my wife ordered a blue-cheese hamburger. The waitress returned a few minutes later and informed me they were out of the chicken curry. I chose the Chicken Marsala instead.We waited about 20 minutes when our food arrived. We observed the wait staff and it seemed the waitstaff were a bit disorganized in that we had a couple different waitresses helping us and we noticed some other patrons seemingly being ignored for an extended period of time after their arrival.The food was really good actually, considering it's a "British Pub." We did notice a weird thing at the bar behind us. One of the bartenders was making a mixed beverage in front of a patron. She asked the patron if he wanted to taste the drink. He said he did and she allowed him to sip some of the beverage from the straw. She then removed the straw from the drink, discarded it, replaced the straw, then served the drink to another patron on the other side of the bar. We thought this was kind of unprofessional and potentially unsanitary.Anyway, we thought this place was not bad and has a lot of room to be successful in that they can be a sports bar with all the nice HDTVs, all the space, and the play on words with the "Firkin'" name.
2	Chain bar food. Mediocre service. Nothing stands out. If you're hungry or need a drink in a pinch...but there are better options across the street.
4	What the Firk?! When you have had a few drinks, the amount of fun you can have using the word "Firkin" is pretty endless.After another firkin amazing Yelp event at Monster Mini Golf, a few of us made our way over to Firkin on Paradise for some grub. Few quick notes:-Friendly firkin service-Cool firkin atmosphere-Good firkin foodOk... I'll stop firkin around now. Seriously... food was tasty and the place is clean. Server was very friendly. No complaints here. I don't live on that side of town so odds on me going back are slim but if I'm in the area I would definitely consider going back.Bonus that they have darts, pool and shuffleboard!
4	I thought it might be too good to be true, this great-looking restaurant/pub, but after three visits I must say I love everything about it.AYCE jumbo wings for $12? Amazing. And good sauces, too. My favorites being Bourbon Chipotle and a custom mix of Bourbon Chipotle with Suicide (just ask for it). Heat and sweet can't be beat!Nice big HDTVs, fun high-top bar seating as well as booths with a scoping view of the corner of Harmon Avenue and Paradise Road. Diverse clientele, an interesting mix of out-of-towners and locals. Cool vibe, and pleasant staff. Wish this place were in my neighborhood!
3	I came here on a Groupon during Thursday Night Football and they had a radio station giving out bunch of freebies including movie tickets, tickets to NASCAR and sporting events, etc.  There weren't many people here so all of my friends ended up winning prizes.The food specials were ridiculously cheap and they had $1 PBR - can't complain there.   However the fish and chips were very dissapointing and I would expect more with their background and how much they promote their fish n chips.     Service was great but my friends kept commenting on how obese the servers are.  All I could think about was Fergie's song, "Big Gurls don't cry"   Hey I had a good time and there's nothing wrong with a little heavyweight loven!
5	Came here twice in a month. First visit I had the fish n chips which was perfectly cooked and battered. The fried outside wasn't too greasy, was light and crunchy. The cod on the inside was nice and thick to offer enough bite to the fish so you don't feel like you're actually eating a fish stick. The peach cobbler takes a little time to bake as they make everything from scratch using fresh peaches. When asked how fresh is it, our waiter said "it's so fresh we don't milk the cow for the ice cream and we don't grow the peaches", and gave a big smile. I really like places where the servers give a bit of humor. The 2nd visit I had a groupon and the boyfriend and I got 3 entrees for 2 of us. We had bangers and mash which was so good I am never going back to Hofbrauhaus for sausage. Another entree was the Jameson grilled salmon, man that was good! The salmon is fresh, not frozen as it was still juicy and moist on the inside and wasn't even overcooked or dry on the outside. The Jameson sauce has a sweet onion taste to it, but it's not overly sweet or sugary, it's just enough to enhance the flavor of the salmon. The chicken pot pie had a super flaky and crispy crust with wonderfully cooked chicken inside. I was expecting hard chicken cubes like I normally get from overcooked chicken pot pies, but this one was really impressive as the chicken was in large enough chunks to taste like chicken and they were moist. With a wide array of beers and gourmet food at an affordable price, especially from a college student, I want to be back to check out the beer specials. I forgot to mention they also show UFC fights on their many tv's. Who needs to travel to Britain when the best stuff is here in Vegas?
2	I'm disappointed.  I love the decor, atmosphere. The English pub style and lounge area are beautiful.  The food however, is horrible. I had the Wings, Firkin burger, Irish nachos and Mac & Cheese with Ham, over two visits. The Firkin burger was terrible. Undercooked and just not tasty. You think a burger named after the pub should be the best thing made. Irish nachos were plain and microwaved. The Mac & Cheese was one of the worst things I've ever eaten. Not in just Vegas but my entire life. This was and is the last thing I will eat at the Firkin. The wings were good but the over use of heat lamps at this establishment is one of many complaints. The staff is uninterested in serving their customers. However Kimberly is amazing and wasn't even our server.  The beer is above average. DFH 60min is old and they're out of some beers on their list, but they try.  I've been to many bars, and pubs but I will never frequent the Firkin.  Kimberly and the attempt at craft beer have earned you another star you do not deserve.
4	A local friend I was meeting up with for lunch suggested this place and I thought it was pretty darn good! Located in a rather nondescript strip mall off the main drag, it met all the expectations one might have of any Americanized British sports pub, with union jacks galore, pool tables, TVs playing all manner of sports, and waitresses in tight t-shirts. The menu similarly follows suit, with British-y things like Cottage Pie mixed in amongst the usual burgers, sandwiches, etc. I went for their tuna melt and garlic fries, and my friends ordered a mac n cheese and cottage pie. My tuna melt was perfectly good and satisfying, all crispy on the outside with lots of tuna goodness on the inside (plus jalapenos--I always get that as an extra). The fries were also good, nicely fried with fresh garlic, wow. My friend's mac n cheese looked absolutely decadent, and the cottage pie was so cute with its little white tufts of mashed potatoes on top. Overall a fine time at Firkin; it's a friendly relaxed place and they have a Yelp check in deal--10% off your bill from 11-3.
5	I had the best fish and chips I've ever had in my life.  The batter was light.  The fish was sweet and flaky. Even the fries were on point. As a starter we had the chicken wings. They weren't oozing with sauce (which I like) and they were good sized wings. I loved how they cooked them: crunch on the outside and piping hot! I can't freaking stand soggy wings...The service was pretty pimp too. The server was friendly and informative. The bussers were very attentive. All in all, I'm hooked!
4	We went out friday night to meet a couple friends and use my Groupon which was just a few days from expiring. Pleasantly suprised! The bar was lively but not horribly loud, which was nice. We were greted and seated promptly and chose the serve yourself beer(2 pints you pour yourself for $12) The beer was fresh and cold and the novelty of pouring your own was kinda cool  I had a really fine order of fish n chips, maybe the best I've ever had here in town. Light and crispy with perfectly flaky fish...it was perfect! My girl had chicken strips and they were really good also. My buddy got meatloaf, mashed potatoes and veggies- he also seemed pleased.  They have a few pool tables, shuffleboard and also a cool little lounge area with oversized chairs and comfy couches. For a restaraunt clearly aimed at tourists, I gotta say i was very satisfied with the service, the food and the experience overall. And again, top notch fish n chips...
3	My new favorite spot for British pubs. The food is decent. Drink is affordable compared to other prices on the strip yet close to the strip. Check out their Tuesday specials. I had a fun time with friends here.
3	I feel bad. I wanted so badly to like this place but I just am not sure. The bartender was amazing. He truly was remarkable. We walked in on a Monday for my birthday around dinner time and it was basically dead in there. The decor is nice but we stood there for a minute or two waiting for someone to even greet us. Finally the bartender came over and left the bar just to seat us. The host/waitress walked by our table after this several times and she didn't say anything to us. Finally the bartender comes back over and takes our order and finds out it's my birthday. He brings birthday shots for free to the table for me and my partner which was awesome. But we waited about 25 minutes for the food. The original firkin burger was AWESOME. However, the nachos were disgusting. It was like a mound of cheese sauce poured on the nachos and it instantly got cold. Plus they cost more than the burger. The place was freezing inside. Because it was so cold our food got cold fast. Thankfully we had a Groupon so at least we didn't pay full price. If it was for the bartender I would never go back.  This is right next to KISS mini golf and if its your birthday you have got to go! Kiss golf made it so awesome for me!
2	I so wanted to like this place yet with the experiences and the pub food not really having a lot of "English" dishes, I have to say it's just okay.Came in yesterday to meet a group of friends for Trivia and it was BOGO until 7pm.  Before Trivia started there were few people there dining and service was great; waitress seemed to be right on top of it. As time approached to Trivia, things got bad. The sound system was not loud enough for people to hear. Drink orders were being delayed, food took a while and then waitress would not come back for some time to even check on us. The food was OKAY, I ordered the fish and cips (niblets) and Pizza. The fish and cips are delicious and as for the pizza; had to request that they brown the crust due to my friend's order being too doughy.When the bill came to pay apparently orders got messed up, it could have been the three wait staff members trying to help out during Trivia or missmanagement of taking orders correctly.Hoping that this was a fluke and wont have to resort to going to Three Angry Wives Pub in Summerlin area.
5	Fish and chips is slamming. Garlic fries are with real garlic..this was awesome!  Kristen is great. Staff is beyond wonderful.  Great atmosphere.  Will be coming back. Wish we had one in Philly
5	This is a Vegas Hidden Gem.  Not only do they coupon, but the happy hour and other deals were just amazing.  On top of that the food was to die for.  We ate here twice during our last trip and could not get enough of it.  Great beer recs and the best fish and chips my son has ever had.  My wife loved the glazed salmon (also recommended) by the waiter and I can vouch for the wings (totally legit & hot means hot).  The waitstaff was very attentive and this place is squeaky clean.  It is tucked away in a strip shopping center and can be easy to miss (look for the Kiss mini-golf).  Is it really an English pub, I can't vouch for that...but the food and drinks kick a**.On my list of must do's in Vegas!
5	Used a groupon. $13 fish and chips. $10 cheeseburger. $4 beer special. Grilled lemon was a nice touch. Staff is super cool.
5	I am going to bump up Firkin today because I honestly cannot find any fault with them.  I have been in a few times now.  I have tried the fish'n'chips, the Guiness steak and mushroom pie, Mama's meatloaf, calamari, onion rings, and Irish nachos.  It has all been fantastic.  The meatloaf is frilled and tastes like steak.  The tartar sauce is so good my dad says he could eat it with a spoon and nothing else.  The fish is big pieces and perfectly fried leaving the fish inside tender and flaky while the batter is crunchy.  It is all so good.  Equally impressive is the staff.  Always professional.  Always personable.  It is a beautiful restaurant on the inside.  The bar is amazing.  The beer selection is extensive.  I am telling everybody I know about Firkin.  Vegas locals and out of towners take note, Firkin is a place you really ought to stop into at least once.
4	This place is really Firkin good. Had driven by the place for awhile now and always wanted to try it. So we stop by and was really impressed by. From m the chicken wings to the fish and chips the food was good. The ambiance is also cool. One of Vegas hidden gems. Definitely coming back to watch some sporting events.
4	Good place to hit before the UNLV games.  Good food and of course fun crowd with great beers.
4	Went there yesterday for their superbowl party which is tied in with another favorite restaurant Casa Di Amore off Trop. anyway they had all you can eat and drink. not bad and they had a great selection of beers on tap and mixed drinks and wine. food was oK as it was made for the masses. the other day when I ate there the food was really good. great service and location so its a new place to hang out at when i am staying at the Hard Rock
3	Checking out Firkin On Paradise, we were swayed away from their regular menu because of their Tuesday offering: AYCE Chicken Wings at $12.95 per person!  (It's usually $9.95/lb.)  And when you take advantage of their AYCE wings, you can also get $1 PRBs! The Husband and I tried a few flavors - Bourbon Chipotle, Parmesan Garlic, Cajun, Southern Fried, Pineapple Curry, and Buffalo.  Sadly, we weren't blown away by any of the flavors and most were along the sweet end.  I wish the Parmesan garlic had more of a garlicky taste.  It was all served with their Firkin Dip, which pretty much tasted like Ranch dressing.  The wings were served super hot and there was a generous amount of meat on them, so that's definitely a plus.  Because it's made to order, it's probably best to put your next order in once the first order comes out.  That way you aren't waiting as long in between each round.  We probably wouldn't do the AYCE chicken wings again though.On another visit, we both finally ordered off their regular menu.* The Butler "An 8 oz USDA Flatiron Steak served with asparagus and with whipped potatoes." ($13.95) - The steak was rather under-seasoned, which was apparent by all the Worcheshire sauce I was dumping on it.  The whipped potatoes could have used more butter, perhaps I just expected more butter?* Traditional Fish N Chips "Crispy Alaskan Cod hand-battered with our Exclusive Pub-made Beer Batter.  Served with Fries, Tangy Tartar Sauce and a Grilled Lemon." One Piece $10.95 or Two Pieces $13.95 - The Husband went for the two pieces and what a great choice it was.  It was some really good fish and chips!  And we were also able to substitute the fries with garlic fries, which were also super yummy.  I probably enjoyed more of his meal than my own!Overall, the food was alright, with the exception of the fish n chips (which is probably what we'd go back for).  Service was fine - it seemed like they worked as a team since many hands touched our table.  (The waiter/waitress took our beverage and food order, the busboys brought out the food, etc.)  We chose to sit at the tables by the bar instead of a booth so we could watch the TVs.They have a unique beer card, similar to what we seen at a wine bar.  Basically you pay for a card of a certain denomination, but you can sample a little bit of each beer they have on tap.  You can take a little or a lot and it just deducts from your card.  Useful when you just want to sample a bit of everything.  It's self-service and along the back.  They do have happy hour specials along with a decent drink menu with prices listed.One other thing - no hot water in the restroom?!
5	I visited this place for the first time through Groupon purchase. My boyfriend and I visited around lunch time on the weekday. It wasn't  crowded at all, so the service was very good. I don't know about night time and weekend though.We ordered "Homemade Tomato Soup", "Traditional Fish 'n' Chips", and "Mama's Meatloaf." They were wonderful. The soup was great. Meatloaf is one of my favorite food. The meatloaf here is the best I've ever had. Fish n Chips are also very good. Fish was cooked to perfection, tender. The batter has great flavor. They had pretty good beer selections as well. Next time when I am in town, I will visit this place again. It is a nice hang out place.
4	Last nite, we went to Firkin again to play trivia and this time I was pleasantly surprised by the food!  I read the reviews FIRST (this time, anyway) and ordered what was so highly rated by others- the fish n chips.  Nice sized portion (I got the two piece, I believe it was $13.95, rather than the one piece at $10.95) not too much breading and juicy yummy fish.  Even the fries which would normally be "chips" were delish.  Also ordered the salmon after reading the good reviews on it and my BF liked it alot, I thought it was too overly sweet.  Caesar salad was good, but unremarkable.  Just romaine, croutons and dressing, not much to say about it.  Service was good last nite, too, although I could have used a couple more refills of my iced tea.  We were a table of six and everyone's food came out at the same time, so kudos to the wait staff/kitchen staff on that one!  Like others have said, the guy calling out the trivia questions just cannot be heard and we were really close to him!  They need to invest in a better sound system or something so us old farts can hear the questions better.  All in all, I am giving it 4 stars today, which is about 2 more than they would have earned from me in all the previous visits there.  Try the fish and chips!
4	Visited Firkin several weeks ago before a Thomas and Mack event for some pre-show drinking and dining.  There was some sort of construction/remodeling happening within so they opened late that day, but we only had to wait a few minutes before being let in.What a great looking place.  Loved the decor throughout, particularly the wood flooring and the magnificent looking bar.  Maybe this is what all bars look like at 3pm and no customers (not a situation I'm used to), but no, seriously, they can't look this good.  Then again it's only been open for a few months, so don't blame me if you visit there in 2023 based on this review and find the walls and floors covered in various dried body fluids.  Plus they use some Banksy artwork on the menu, and you can't go wrong with Banksy in my bookI immediately started with a black and tan because I tend to forget about its existence wherever its not listed, so I always get excited when I see it on a menu and it pokes my memory as to how delicious they are.  This was further confirmed by this Firkin visit.As for food I shared an order of onion rings with friends, and they were delicious.  Very heavily battered which is the way I like it.  I got one that didn't even have a damn onion in it and I still scarfed it down with reckless abandon.  I will say I almost am never disappointed in onion rings unless they're small and over-fried from say like burger king.  I also tried the Firkin Burger based on what I thought were several positive reviews here on Yelp.  Now scouring through them I don't see as many as I thought were there.  Anyway, this was a pretty big disappointment for me.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by my neighborhood Bachi Burger which probably makes up 80% of all of my burger dining experiences nowadays, but I thought it wasn't very well seasoned and just tasted average in general.  The fries that accompanied it (because what I really need in my life are more fries) were tasty.To finish off our pre-eventing, we did a round of Jameson shots (nothing says Ballet like Jameson shots!   Okay so I was going to see the WWE).   Had a quick chat with the bartender who brought us said shots.   From the waitress to the bartender everyone was friendly and the service was fast and efficient. Overall I'd say a 3 for the food, but the service and atmosphere make it an easy 4 overall.
4	They serve my favorite kind of fries!!The beer selection is well above average. While it's not perfect, I am very happy that they are trying!!Firkin is dressed as a modern UK/Irish Pub, but it's a Vegas bar in & out.Everything is an imitation of something you love, but they don't try to hide it.In our time there, we head back to back Rolling Stones, Led Zeplin, Queen and more classic rock... Can't beat that.
4	Great place for fish and chips. lots of daily specials, love the fishlets and chips. they have blue moon and pyramid hefe on tap if you are into the wheats. lots of others on tap. they also have a serve yourself beer wall in the game room (inquire within.) have always receive great service. Hostess has a sense of humor, couple walks in door. no one in the place except us and the bartender. They ask if they can get a table. hostess looks around and says something should be cleared up in about 15 minutes. guy looks around and with a puzzled tone in his voice and asks "really?" she laughs and says of course not and takes them to a table. we of course laughed out loud. fun place.
3	Terri R had one day left to take care of her Groupon for Firkin On Paradise.  So, this is where we ended up for dinner.  I admit, I had this bookmarked a couple of months ago and ended up dropping it off my list due to just the average reviews.  But when a meal is basically going to be free, it really doesn't hurt to try. We came in on a Friday night and this place was surprisingly not busy.  Considering it's fairly close to the strip and near the Hard Rock, I expected more people.  We were seated right away and even though the service was good, our waiter must have been a newbie because there was a lot that he didn't know and had to ask for assistance.  I didn't have an issue with this so I will leave service with just good.  As for their food, all I can really say is it's just a pub with pub type food.  Nothing really on the menu caught my eye, but the prices weren't bad so I'm not complaining. Besides, the meal was pre-paid via Terri's Groupon.  Still Lenting, I had their Seamus' Crispy Fish Sandwich and a bowl of Clam Chowder.  The chowder didn't wow me.  It tasted like your basic Campbell's Soup chowder.  As for their fish sandwich, it's basically one piece of a battered fried fish put inside a bun.  I was starving so I ended up eating the whole thing. It's not bad, especially for the price.  I just don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.   If you're coming to Firkin On Paradise, keep in mind that this is a pub first, restaurant second.  In other words, come here to hang out and get your drink on.  By the way, I still would consider Steiner's food over Firkin on Paradise.
4	The fish and chips is what brings me back here. I know it's also a pub but I can't speak on any of the beers, only  the food. If you are planning on eating here I would highly recommend the fish and chips. I tried the meat pie and it was good. We ordered:The Meat Pie - Good but the fish was better as far as authenticity. Fish and Chips - 2 pieces of the best fried fish ever and fries. Authentic. Chicken Wings - Sold by the pound unless it's happy hour - LOTS of choices of sauces, we ordered Terriyaki and Pineapple Curry. The teriyaki wasn't special but he curry sauce was good. Mild. Flat Iron Steak - listed as a specialty of theirs. It was good. I would probably stick with the fish being it's a pub. It's a great place and the food is good. If you are a beer drinker, this could be your heaven.
3	It's a Vegas bar that's more like bars in other cities if you know what I mean. That's actually a good thing. The beer selection was nice, food pretty good. A lot of college kids in here when I went. BUT.. When I was here I had a waiter spill an entire beer on me. Like an entire beer dropped off his tray and landed on my shoulder/back. He was apologetic, etc but all he got me was a free beer. Look I'm not a dude who ties to scheme free stuff but come on man. Get my table a round for my suffering or at least comp an app or two; we ordered a few. Normally that knock would be enough to give a 2-star but I did like this place other than the beer shower. Go here, drink here, eat here, but bring a rain coat..
4	Cool place and great prices. Awesome specials on beers a fun room with lots of TVs for watching sports and great comfortable leather chairs and couches to watch sports. I had the black bean burger and as veggie burgers go it was pretty tasty. The bartender and I had a good chat Aussie fella and I have to say I will come back to this place.
5	After 3 dining visits with my wife and once with a friend for his birthday lunch , I feel confident saying that this place Firkin, rocks and shocks you with the overall experience .From the greeting to the eating , every person in service has great manners and knowledge with natural appeal . NOT PHONY.My wife and I are both in the service industrial complex as well and fully appreciate the craft that Firkin service has mastered . The kitchen has plus plus attention to freshness , quality of taste and presentation with emphasis on particulars such as accompaniments to the dishes weather it be malt vinegar with the fish n chips or a suggestion of sweet potato fries that are amaze craze .My momma ordered the pineapple curry wings as one of her choices for the all you can eat chicken wings and surprised me when she raved about them . By far no disappointment from the kitchen . The food servers have all treated us very special and we all agree that Jennifer W. is swift and sweet . I enjoy that  firkin chose coca cola to offer and wifey likey the specialty drinks like Queen of hearts . The dining room design and fun side, like the shuffleboard and  wi-fi are a nice touch as well .We have lived and dwelled in this neighborhood for quite some time and are most excited about the Firkin addition .  Keep it up youz guys and ladies . Word up ! Say I Frankie Nikelz.
3	I bought a Groupon for this place months ago and then, bam, before I knew it, time had passed and it was about to expire. It was worth $30 and I didn't want that to go to waste, so Mel C. and I ate there on the last day it was valid.  The place was pretty empty for a Friday late afternoon and most of the people who were there were at the bar.  I ended up ordering a tuna sandwich and it was just okay.  Neither Mel nor I were that impressed with our food.  It's probably a great place to watch a game or drink if that's what you're looking for, but I wouldn't come here just for the food.
2	I came in once awhile back with my husband..food was great, drinks were cheap, and service was awesome. We came back today with some visiting friends...it took 15 minutes for someone to even acknowledge  the three of us with a very unheartfelt apology..the kitchen is also apparently closed which was the entire reason we came..probably not coming back. What a disappointment...it seems like they are actively trying to go out of business.
4	We tried to get in on 3 Mondays between noon & 1 PM, but the doors aren't open, no hours posted, no info on the website & no message on the phone; deliveries were being accepted at the back door. The online coupons offer discounts from 11 - 3, but are they even open? Originally went on a Tuesday, and the food was amazing, especially the fish & chips!!!
5	Went again and they had an awesome AYCE wing special, as well as $3 Heine's.  I'm not a big Heinekken fan (don't even know if that's how you spell it, to be honest), but the beer was cold, the glasses clean, and the wings were great.And, while I'm on here, I want to give a shout out to the servers.  I love these guys.  They're polite, courteous, funny, and are extremely attentive.  Even while the place was packed, we still weren't without service.  I really think that makes the place great.  Our server the past couple times we were in was a red haired guy with a goatee.  Forget the guy's name, but he's always on top of things.  Even the bussers make sure the table is cleared of clutter.  Kudos, gents!
2	Brought friends here for dinner when they came to Las Vegas. I've been here before and really liked the fish and chips. Everything came out and was good as usual except for my wife's Shepard's pie. It tasted funny and was nowhere close to good. Unfortunately the waitress NEVER came back to check on us or our drink orders? My wife ended up sharing my order of fish and chips and not eating her order. Never any questions from the staff and when the waitress finally showed face everyone else was done and looking for more drinks, so we were out the price for her uneaten meal. I would go back, but would strictly stick to the fish and chips. Also, it was screaming ass loud in there that night.
3	Met up with some friends here for UFC 162. Cover was $5 which included a raffle ticket . Fun part was one of the folks I was with won a $25 gift certificate to come bk another time plus $100 for car tint at some place which I think is pretty AWESOME!Why? did I only give 3 stars? Well first I arrived a bit late and not once did a waitress come up to the table and ask if I wanted anything . I was with about 6 other people yet for the hour and half I was there she didn't check in but once to close the tab by that time  I had already gone off to the bar . A very friendly british guy was behind the bar he noticed me walk up right away even with the crowd and he even called me "hunny" which ill take over ma'am anyday !The venue was pretty nice to watch the fight and the place had decent amount of space . Lots of TVs to choose from to see the show . Downside was they didn't turn on subtitles and it was impossible to hear any of the commentary.I can't speak to the food but the beer was flowing and it was a nice vibe just wish the waitress was friendlier! She refused to split my friends tab which I understand in her mind its too hard otherwise but making people do math to split everything is just no fun! And mostly hurt her in the long run cause it def took points off of her tip.
3	The service is always great here!! The servers are so friendly and are always on top of everything. The first time I went to Firkin I ordered the chicken wings. They were super chewy and not very crispy (I like my wings well done). I would never order the wings again. But I gave the place another chance and I was pleasantly surprised. The Original Firkin Burger is excellent and the fish and chips are pretty tasty too! They had a great check-in for 10% off your bill and our server ended up giving us 15% off because my friend's burger was undercooked. So all in all pretty good experience.
3	I stopped by here because I heard tell of Irish nachos made with waffle fries.  I've had better.  The serving size was pretty small.  And it was just cheese, green onions, bacon, and sour cream.  Who puts bacon on nachos?  They were more like haphazard potato skins. The Irish nachos I crave from Callahan's have refried beans, jalapenos, salsa, etc.  I also had a blue cheese and steak salad which was so so.On the plus side, the server/bartender had a great accent and adeptly managed the entire restaurant on his own.  And they had Innis & Gunn Irish Whiskey Cask on tap, which was super yummy!  Their beer list isn't all that impressive to me, but ask... they have some gems hidden back there.All in all, good for drinking but not a gastropub by any stretch of the imagination.  It's just typical bar food.
4	I like this place alot. They have great specials and a cool environment. I'm a big fan of the Irish nachos with waffle fries. They're delicious. You can also play pool which is nice and they get the soccer games. Ill be back to this place, we always have fun here.
4	I went here for a firends birthday. Grabbed a taste of the Wyder's Pear Cider and fell in love. Great college spot near UNLV. Decent pricing. And they also have a pool table and a shuffle board game.
3	I came here on the recommendation from a resident at my work. I warned him that if I went- I'd write a review. An honest review. Well lets just say 3 stars is being nice because I was undecided between 2 and 3. The outstanding service from our waitress is why it's 3. And because I'd return alone for the chicken wings. A place with wings this good doesn't deserve 2 stars. Go for the garlic parmesan. Although there are a bunch of unique flavors like pineapple curry. (Not that brave) We ordered a meat pie style dish and chicken piccata. I'm sorry friend if you're reading this but it was the absolute worst chicken piccata I've ever tasted. The meat pie was decent, but there was not enough meat for the potatoes and veggies.   On a positive note, another thing I'd return for is the Bloody Mary! Oh yeah she hooked it up nice and spicy with olives n all! Well done cute waitress in the 49ers shirt. I won't hold your team against you with bar skills like that! Ill see you again for wings & drinks!
5	How can you not love this place if you're a UNLV student and/or you frequent this area? Their beer selection is pretty great, and they've got most of the major English and Irish brews.  Their food is pretty good, especially the sweet chili wings (amazing!). All of the bartenders and staff are friendly and helpful and I've always had a really great time! The drink prices might seem a little steep, but they almost always have some type of special running, including college night (all you can drink for $20), great happy hour, and lots of discounts for UNLV students. I really like the way Firkin is set up with the bar to the left and some areas for games and other couch seating to the right as well as some hourly beer taps! This is a great spot to hit before and after the Rebel games because the atmosphere is wonderful and always full of Rebel fans!
5	Good Beer. Burgers that are perfect. Excellent service (Matt). Need I say more? It was just what we needed after a day out. I started out with a Black and Tan because I couldn't make up my mind between a Guinness and a Bass. The custom made black and bleu burger was cooked perfectly. Matt, our server, kept us fed and watered and it was perfect. They have something for everyone, especially if you like really good beer on tap. GO THERE! It's right across from the Hard Rock and it's nice to get away from crazy places in LV and chill with good brew and excellent food.
3	Stopped in today on a Wednesday. Nice atmosphere, but if you're not local, it's hard to get the bartender's attention. If you don't want the traffic from the hotel, don't locate next to the hotel...
1	Food is a 6.5, prices score an 8. But where they are consistant is service, it is consistantly a 3.  They just don't get it. Their best people work when it's slow, the worst when it's busy, cleanliness is missing the mark.  And when people leave after having an empty drink glass for 10 minutes, it isn't because they are done, it's because they've had enough poor service and are going somewhere else!
3	I love firkin- you can always get a table. Good options for bar food and the best part is the unending list of tap beers. Nothing fancy but a great place to hang out and catch the game.
4	Really good burger. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. The chicken fingers were delicious. Fries were just ok, but portions were plentiful, yet not too much. There was only one person working the bar and floor during the time that I was there. It took a few minutes to get service, but once we did, all was well. Went there before a show at the Hard Rock. Great location...Great place to watch sports with all of the TVs. Viewing of TVs is limited if you sit in a booth, Overall great experience. I'll definitely go back.
1	I'm really disappointed in this place. I come to Vegas for work a lot and stay across the street. I went in here with a few friends around 11pm and we sat at a table in the bar area. The bartender told us he didn't have a server so we would have to walk up to the bar to order. Annoying!! Really? He couldn't run us a few drinks and a few plates of food?  There was hardly anyone in the bar. I'll never understand why bartenders treat people who come in late night like they've never been in a bar before. Horrible service. I'll just keep going to the Hard Rock instead.
1	Service here is consistent, consistantly ignored and neglected that is. Leaving my empty glass to go eat across the street!
1	Chicken wings are excellent, but not good enough to counter the terrible service. Three times I've been here, and each time I had to get up and go find a waitress. This time she was so intent on flirting with a guy whose every other word was a loud F#@k that she had no clue anybody else was in the place. I guess you have to be under 30 to really appreciate bad service. Not for me.
5	After not being able to buy liquor at a bar the night before then not being able to get a drink at Hard Rock to save our lives we and after nearly thinking we may end up at Kiss (which apparently is golf not a bar) we stumbled across Firkin. So happy we did! Great drinks, great bartender Matt was just awesome! Definitely was what we needed after the last two places.
1	Wow. Biggest waste of time in Vegas!!!! Bad food and NOBODY in there.....   Those other reviews have to have come from employees because this place is a joke. SO many other better choices. Trust me
5	Firkins has by far the best service and the best cooks and on top of all that the greatest beers never been more satisfied
