5	I had to add this one to the Yelp list and give a review!I LOVE this market!I've only been a couple times, and have gotten several items from the meat counter and deli counter.  This place has everything Eastern European!  Home made dolmas, Vienna sausages, natural casing franks, all kinds of hard sausages and salamis, marinated meats, and every European side dish and condiment you could imagine.  I see a lot of Mediterranean and Hungarian items in there, but I'm not versed well enough in most of those cultures and languages to differentiate a lot of the items.Needless to say, this is a gem of a Southwest find for anyone looking for those specialty items, or just some awesome goodies to throw on the grill!I will definitely be a regular here!
3	I drove past today, pulled a screechin' u-turn, and excitedly headed into this brand-spankin' new Eastern European market. I was pleased to find the store had a solid offering of Eastern European and Russian foods.  I am not ashamed to admit that I am a Eastern European food addict.Lucky for me, this place has the largest deli selection of any Eastern European store in Las Vegas.  The refrigerated cases have dozens of meats, salamis, sausages, cheeses, and salads.  They also offer a produce section that is refrigerated -- also a first for Las Vegas Eastern European stores (that I've seen).  They also offer baked goods from the awesome Natalia's Bakery located on Rainbow.The packaged foods seemed mostly targeted to Russians, Bulgarians, and Hungarians.  I did see some familiar Polish stuff like Delicje and other Polish candies.   I was pleasantly surprised to find some frozen vareniki and pelmeni that I hope to try in the future.  And, dude, they have Dadu ice cream! DADU!!  It's the small things like this in life that make me happy. The shelves were a little bare in some places and I hope they fill them out soon with a bit more variety of packaged goods.  I'm excited by their potential but, unfortunately, they don't offer many of my "can't-live-withouts." I'll definitely be back to score some Dadu and to check out their progress.   Just keep opening the Euro markets and I'll keep shopping!
4	They have pretty much everything you'd expect in Armenian market , i liked it.
5	I stopped in with some coworkers after a round of mini golf. The store is a combination mini grocer and restaurant. Great friendly service. The food took about 20 minutes but was very good and in decent portions. I will definitely stop in again to try more menu items.
5	because i am Asian, almost everything in here is something new to try and I like it. Also, their made to order food menu is quite delicious
4	Nice to have a variety of "other" (non-Asian) ethic markets popping up. They seem to be offering mostly Eastern European foods which I'm not as familiar with as say German or Dutch food which is our familys culture. The one plus is the deli has some sausages and cheeses you won't find at any other grocer. It's far from me, but if I'm in the area, I'll definitely grab from the deli. I also saw they have European style mayo in a tube. My MIL has been looking for that and funny, but I think it would make a great stocking stuffer for her.
5	I have been in a few times to check it out. I always end up leaving with something delicious to try. I got a half pound of kalamata olives for $2 once. Delicious. Cute little place. The people working there always try to help you find what you are looking for or point out some thing new.
5	I stopped in hoping to find Turkish style food.  Try the Armenian pizza.  Tangy and tasty tomato paste.  The crunchie crusty bread is delicious. Only 90 cents a 'slice'.  I'm looking forward to trying everything else on the menu.  The owners are a very smart Armenian family, and the rest of the store has a wonderful feel to it.
5	Great place leaving Glendale California I thought I would never get to eat Armenian pastries again. To bad it's on the other side if town
5	Impressive supply of many yummy things, including breads, lavosh, pastries, fresh produce, armenian meats and cheeses, special spirits/liquors, tempting pelmenis, and wow - their prices on spices is incredible. I picked up some Aleppo pepper for a steal. Wish I new about this place two years ago when it opened!
5	If you are looking for that special mideaster ingredient or product, check here, they have some great stuff. If you just want some new ideas on food, check here, they have it.  If you want Kalamata Olives check, go here, the deli is amazing.  Fresh and powerful stuff in this place.  Organized very well, and I always try something new here. Its great, too bad it wasnt closer to my house, I would go here weekly, not its just monthly to stock up on spices, olives, rice, hummus, and sardines.  Selection and uniqueness got it 5 Stars here!
1	I bought some mortadella and some Egyptian cheese from there, the mortedella was spoiled and the Egyptian cheese had mold in it. Nick (owner) refused to replace it or even refund the money. *****this place would not refund, exchange, or replace anything you buy from there. This guy had the guts to say that I left it in the sun. Guys, my home is the next light. These stuff been in the my car about 5 minutes. Don't buy anything from there...
5	Great middle eastern/Eastern European  grocery in the southwest part of town.  I have been shopping here for nearly three years and have always been greeted by smiling and friendly staff. This family owned shop makes amazing fresh breads, dips, kabobs, and lahmejun (Armenian meat flatbread).  Was recently inspired to write a review from this giant green salad I got along with some of my baked items.  It was huge and fresh.  The meats are great to take home for some BBQ or just have them grill the meat for only $1 more a pound.  They also have a great selection of European beers and wine you won't find anywhere else.  Some of my favorites here are the beef salamis and spicy sojouk, olives, cheeses (especially blue), carrot salad at the deli and sardines.  Yum!
1	If I could give them -1 start, I would! I bought there some caviar, and went straight home after that, when I open the can it smelled terrible and even had some bubbles on it. I came right back to the store so I can refund that defective product, and the owner refused to take it back, telling me that it's my fault! He was very rude, disrespectful, arguing with me in front of other customers with no shame! So embarrassing!!!!! I got it less then an hour ago, how can you even think of refusing your responsibility for the product you sell?????? What if I would get poisoned???? He offered me to call manufactory that makes that caviar and complain over there! This is ridiculous!!! Never EVER buying from this place again, this is not how you treat your customers!!!!
