3	Yes, another Sushi, Hibachi,  Japanese style restaurant opened up.  Katana has 10% off in the first month (May).  Smaller than some of the others; 2 Hibachi tables, about 8 seats at the sushi bar and many tables in the back.  The sunshine coming in the front window was almost blinding.   The Sushi was not bad but mostly rice.   The miso soup and salad were the ordinary Japanese steakhouse soup and salad.  Liquor license application on the window.   Had an ice tea and they charged for a refill, come on!Service was good with 2 waitresses working together.
5	You MUST get the Crispy Duck. It will make your companion or date drooollllll!!! The sushi, tuna tartare, and the dessert were amazing as well. Great addition to Dormont.
5	Had the filet and chicken habachi. I was impressed w the quality of the filet and chicken along w the generous portions. The waitress was on the ball w keeping our waters full along and the huge bottles of saki coming.
4	My sushi loving son and I were on our own on a Sunday night and decided to check out the new Katana Japanese. I'm glad we did.We only had sushi, so we'll have to come back to try that hibachi.We ordered a Manhattan Roll, a Pink Lady Roll, and a Phoenix Roll.Before our rolls were served, the chef offered us a small, complementary plate of tasty treats: four little rolls of peppered, seared tuna wrapped around a little tuft of seaweed. Delicious!Rolls were nicely sized and priced. We've been back, and had similarly tasty Udon soup as well. Still haven't tried hibachi though...
5	Please go before this gem shuts down!!!!  There are only 4 reviews so far and they are all good - and rightfully so.  Come on people!  This place is awesome and needs some support in Dormont!My husband and I went here after trying to get drinks at Cain's - which I love, but for some reason, no one would serve us.  So we headed over to Asian heaven aka Katana.  It's very pretty inside - not what you are expecting on this end of West Liberty.  They sat us in the front window near the tables for hibachi, but far enough way that the roaring cooking noises would be distracting.  We decided to get both hibachi and sushi to try it out - and we are so glad we did!  J had the special dragon roll - spicy tuna inside, lobster salad and jalepeno outside.  He also got the phoenix roll which was awesome.  I had the shrimp and scallop hibachi.  First comes the typical, but always awesome salad with ginger dressing and the bowl of miso soup.  Then comes a massive plate heaped with giant scallops, huge shrimp, more crunchy vegetables than I could handle and delicious fried rice.  The sauces were excellent and a bit different than I have had other places.  When they bring your check, they also bring some fruit sliced up which is a nice addition to the bill. All in all - some of the best sushi in the city and some delicious hibachi make this a worthwhile place to try - and help out.  Keep Katana open and stop by :)
4	Would definitely eat here again.  There is something on the menu for everyone - hibachi, thai, sushi, etc.  The sushi was very good, price is very competitive with Little Tokyo just up the road, though could be considered a tad on the pricey side when compared to Sushi Kim in the Strip District.  Delicious food though, can't wait to go again!
4	Food was great. Service was awesome.  Even the desserts were delicious.
5	I read the reviews and was curious to see how good it really was...damn they were correct!!First off I like sushi, but I'm not a huge fan. But we a sushi platter and all of it was delicious. California Rolls, Tuna Rolls and Salmon Rolls. All excellent, and not "fishy".I wanted hibachi and talked my friend into it and he was very happy that we did. The chef was great, presentation, his tricks, he shot probably 3 shots of sake into my mouth from a squirt bottle too...delicious. The food was amazing. We both had chicken hibachi with fried rice and a couple pieces of shrimp. For a drink, I had lemonade it was really good.Highly suggest it. I definitely plan on going again, especially with the voucher makes it an amazing deal!
5	This place is super awesome! The sushi is FANTASTIC...especially the spicy crunchy tuna roll! Their other cuisine is also yummy...including the chicken lo mein, crab rangoon, edamame, and egg rolls. Im def a repeat customer...good thing its within walking distance!
5	It seems like there have been so many Chinese and Japanese restaurants popping up all over the place.  Well they can stop popping up because everyone needs to start coming to Katana instead!  We've had take out from here a few times and it was always tasty so we decided to head there for our Friday night get out.  Delicious!  I had a spider roll and the shrimp and scallops.  The portions were very generous compared to some of the other hibachi places I've been.  We will definitely be back!  Give it a try, I'm sure you won't regret it.
2	We used a groupon to check this place out. Despite having a pleasant sever, the service was poor. We ordered the dumplings (delicious), spring roll (not tasty at all. Probably the worst i have ever had), and chicken and steak hibachi (very salty). I can't say I will be back any time soon. It was just okay for us.
4	As a new member of the Dormont hood, I was super excited to see this pop up. One because I love sushi and two because... I LOVE SUSHI! You never know, when a new sushi joint pops up, if you'll experience the good or the bad. Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's really really bad. I am happy to report it was very really good! Was it better than my all time fave, Penn Ave Fish Co? No, the fish wasn't as fresh. But it was very tasty and I will be hittin' up this joint often... even grabbed a to go menu. Because, you know, I'll be hitting them up on the go often now!I came on Wednesday for their all you can eat sushi special for $23.95. You know how some all you can eats are the dinky rolls only? Well, here you can get the whole shebang! Want that specialty tempura roll? You got it! Want a Rainbow roll? You can have it... all you can eat!The Spicy Girl Roll was my fave, which is pretty much tuna on top of crunchy tuna. But a very close second, if not equal, was the Godzilla roll. Gosh darnit, it was amazeballs! It came out warm and freshly fried (totally healthy, right?) with cream cheese, white tuna, eel and crab. YUM! I also had a good old faithful philly roll and Amazing roll, which was basically tuna as well. I obviously like tuna. I can't wait to come back and try the Hibachi. Probably stuff my face again. Let's keep it real here!Warning: All you can eat sushi cannot be combined with a Yelp Deal. If you do not finish what's on your place you're charged upwards of a $1. So don't let your eyes be bigger then your stomach! Once you order, you can always place another one. Don't worry, either way, you'll be rolling yourself out!
5	Creative rolls, high quality & reasonable prices.  Ambiance needs some work.  If I remember correctly they were playing country music.... and there wasn't much charm.  Maybe dim the lights and play something more upbeat and innocuous... electronica?
3	Ever since it opened, Katana and I have had a very...interesting relationship. Over the past year my opinion of the place has often gone back and forth between "they're ok" and "ugh, never again". At this point, though, I think I can honestly say after multiple visits and take-out orders that while I enjoy the food here well enough, I just don't love actually eating at Katana itself.Here are my pros when it comes to Katana - *During one meal here with my family, our hibachi grill chef provided us with a fantastic meal overall, and the cook even accommodated a special request that they said they'd never been asked about before. I give credit where credit is due - this was a huge plus.*Certain sushi selections here are certainly a little less pricey than some other places, so depending on what you order you do get more food for what you're paying then you would elsewhere.*Many of the rolls I've eaten here have indeed been very tasty and enjoyable, especially their eel ones.*When I've ordered take-out I've never had a major problem with my food, and the delivery has often been 20 to 30 minutes ahead of the estimated time. They're fast, that's for sure!However, I must also admit I've also run into many downsides during my experiences with Katana, such as:-My in-house dining experiences have been less than stellar. On one visit, my dinner companion commented that his red bean ice cream tasted like vanilla ice cream, and that he was not impressed by the crab rangoon (note that I personally thought they were okay - not great, but okay). This same night, our waiter forgot to bring us our appetizers (another one did this for them) and also forgot to subtract our Groupon amount from our check; we were fortunate enough that a manager came by to correct this, because otherwise we would have demanded a new receipt with the correction made before even handing the waiter our credit card. During a different visit, our hibachi chef spent the whole of the meal trying to make my dinner party laugh at horrible jokes that I don't think anyone over a certain age would find particularly entertaining, forcing us to listen to him rather than letting us engage in other conversation. At one point he also began banging his cooking utensils on the grill far more harshly than normal. I still don't know what he was trying to do. Impress us? Scare us? Either way, it was uncalled for; I left the restaurant with a huge headache and sour attitude after that experience.-My in-house dining experiences have definitely had mixed results when it comes to the food. For example, once an order of dumplings had both some cold and some hot dumplings mixed into the plate, as they had not been consistently heated to a specific temperature. In general I've found their appetizers to taste pretty "meh" and I admit that I don't particularly like their salads, which are very small and not always as tasty as what I'd find at other sushi restaurants. It's hard for me to come up with a final verdict. I do think that when Katana gets it right, they really get it right; the problem is that you have to deal with a few 'meh' items along the way (i.e. tasteless ice cream and not-high-quality eggrolls) and choose carefully from a menu where for every reasonably priced and portioned item, there's another dish that's overpriced and tiny. And given that I've never really had a smooth in-house dining experience here, I personally think I'll be sticking to my favorite items on their delivery menu at this point.All in all, for their food alone I do think Katana deserved 3 stars. (For my in-house experiences, I'd probably give them a 2-star rating.)
5	Delish. Came here during hurricane sandy to celebrate my sisters birthday. They treated us like special guests :-)Tried a few rolls (spicy girl and crazy boy) and a few appetizers (gyoza, crab Rangoon, chicken skewer) and a few hibachi items. Everything was tasty and fresh. I would definitely come back again.
4	Good Sushi.  Great Service.
4	Wow. Hidden gem in Dormont I've been twice now and have tried the following:Katana Salad  Kim ChiSeven Star Around the MoonThai Curry PorkChicken & Steak TeryakiThis place is definitely a new favorite of mine. Service is always friendly, attentive, and not over bearing. Food comes out quick. Portions are a good size. Atmosphere/decor is very nice and modern/clean. The Katana salad comes with an interesting giner dressing that is a nice change. The chicken and shrimp were both cooked to perfection (i.e. not overcooked).Kim Chi was simple, spicy, and satisfying. 7 Star Around the Moon is probably my favorite out of everything I've tried. It has everything a carnivore would love. Just try it. Thai Curry Pork is probably the runner up for me, though it could be spicier. Frankly, while very tasty, isn't spicy at all really. Very enjoyable nonethless but just and FYI for those that are not new to Thai cuisine or spicy foods in general. Chicken and Steak Teryaki, while not bad, is the one thing I probably would not order again. The meat for both was either slightly overcooked or frozen at one time or another. You know what I'm talking about. The sauce was a little too sweet for my tastes. I will definitely be returning to try the sushi and enjoy some of my favorites above.
5	We had the all you can eat sushi for $24 and it's a great deal.   You get full size rolls, they don't give you extra rice like some other places, and you can even order sashimi!  Very friendly, very clean, and very good.
4	I have been here three times now, and all I have is good things to stay. I have had the sushi on two of my trips and both times it was fresh, tasty, and presented nicely. On my most recent visit I ordered off of the regular menu and had Szechuan shrimp. It was good and had the right amount of spice to it. The steamed dumplings and pork egg roll were both excellent as well.
3	I've been here three times now. Once for Hibachi and the other two for sushi. I'm a big fan of their Hibachi.  Now I get that Hibachi uses butter, but I also don't like my Hibachi so greasy that I have a gut ache when I get home. Katana delivers. It was delicious and I didn't feel like I consumed a gallon of butter after wards.The sushi is also delicious. Both time that I've ordered it has been fantastic. Here's my beef. They advertise their All-You-Can-Eat sushi nights. We went on one occasion, and my friend being a huge fun a sushi ordered. They have these silly rules that you have to finish everything on your plate if you order all-you-can-eat or they surcharge you. Why? I don't understand why we could have taken a few pieces home. Also, our waiter literally stood across the room and stared at us to watch friend finish his second plate of sushi. That was super irritating. I don't like to be stared down while I eat.  Other than that I have not experienced issues with the service. It's fast and friendly.I will definitely be back to Katana, but not for all-you-can-eat sushi. I don't enjoy being the staff's show.
3	overall is okayhad high expectation on the duck but it is way too over marinated....i will give a 3.5
5	Best Japanese in Pittsburgh and I have been to them all. Great sushi and awesome filet and chicken hibachi combo. If your into it, try the Kim chi , very good flavor if you like that sort of thing. Absolutely delicious Saki.
1	I gave this place 2 chances. i love japanese food and really wanted to love this place because it is close to home. I was underwhelmed the first time and disgusted the second time. the food was tasteless and not what the menu stated. Soba noodles are not white, they are buckwheat and are beige at the lightest and brown at the darkest. When I called (i had delivery) to tell them that I did not get what I ordered, I was told that it was correct and I was wrong. Food was tasteless and service was Awful. Do not waste your money or your time.
5	Have been back two more times for the all you can eat sushi and it's still fantastic.  Fills the void that Penn Ave Fish Company left when they quit doing ayce sushi (they blamed it on the tsunami lol)
5	Amazing sushi and martinis!!!
1	the waitress recommended an entree named "seven stars and moon" under Chef's signature section , which is merely a mixture of different meat, tastes awful!the sesame shrimp also very bad!!! even not fully cooked!!and the service is the poorest i've ever seen.
4	Very good sushi. Nice selection as well.
2	I wanted to like this place, because it's close, but the sushi was just OK. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The server didn't know what Ponzu sauce was... That may have been our first clue. The sushi chef did, though, and dunking our sushi into ponzu made it better. The fish could have been a bit fresher, the seaweed a bit less tough, and the rice a little more fluffy and sticky. The edamame, however, was top-notch. Service was pretty attentive. I'd go back to try the hibachi, but the sushi didn't do it for me. The search will continue!
3	We went here after seeing pretty good reviews. The food seemed fresh, but everything was salted like crazy! I'm not one to complain about salty foods because I love salt, but it really killed the flavor. The soba noodles got it the worst followed by my filet mignon--which if you prepare correctly, neither needs much salt at all. Sushi was pretty decent. Our hibachi chef was great, animated. However, the onion he used to make the "volcano" with and subsequently went into our vegetables was directly on our table for most of the time (see my pic with my tip). With all the hibachi restaurants that Pittsburgh has to offer, we likely won't be back.
2	Not very good, I'm shocked that this place had so many stars.  We recently moved to the area and are looking for amazing sushi, this wasn't it.
1	This place is the worst. 1) went in with three people to grab food to go and asked to have the check split. The guy could have just said no, but he said he could do it. Turns out as we're leaving a female Working said he did the math in his head.... Well, he completely over charged all of us. Not cool. 2) ordered delivery once. Called after and hour and half to inquire as we're five minutes away and it was a Sunday. Female said they are busy and it will get there after initially being quoted 45 minutes. Rude3) got someone else's sushi in takeout. Called to advise and they said just eat it. That's cool and all but they should have asked what it was so they could call who they shorted We're done with Katana. Less than average food with terrible service.
1	Had the chicken pad thai.  The noodles were overdone, the chicken was gross (not sure what other word to use for it), and the sauce was sickeningly sweet.  Wouldn't go back.
5	Very good. Excellent service.I had the hibachi filet, the hibachi chef was wonderful and the food was quite nice.You get the choice between noodles and rice, you can't get both which is a bit disappointing. Nonetheless, I really enjoyed the whole experience.
5	A hidden gem! Every time I've been here it hasn't been busy. It's good for me but a shame for the restaurant owners because this place is so good it should always be a full house! Their rolls are all delicious and a nice size. Not too small, but not so big that you can't eat a piece in one bite. I'm a huge fan of their spicy crunchy tuna and the specialty rolls like the volcano roll. They have a great "all you can eat" price where you can order as many appetizers and rolls that you want for around $20...order an app and two specialty rolls and you're getting more than you're money's worth. The only catch is that they reserve the right to charge you per piece on the sushi you don't eat, so don't order too much! You can always order a second round of rolls if you're not full. My husband is also a HUGE fan of their pork dumplings and I can't resist getting an order of crab rangoons each time we visit.A++ in my book!
4	Quiet little place we go to any time we are craving late night hibachi. They hours are really convenient as is the location. We worry that they aren't busy but it is great for getting a quick table. I think that we like it so much because of it's convenience but there food is very good.  Everything we have had here is great, sushi, hibachi and appetizers. Their hibachi chicken is really great and the portion sizes are generous.
4	Katana is awesome, and definitely a place I always recommend to people. They've been offering Groupons seemingly nonstop so keep your eyes peeled for the deals. Regardless, with or without a discount, Katana is a safe bet for a solid meal!I haven't tried any of their sushi, but I've heard that it's decent. My favorite, as is my go-to choice at any Asian-inspired or Chinese restaurant, is orange chicken. They do a great job with the dish. This is also a good place to get your scallion pancake fix if you crave those things like I do! My wife always gets the chicken and broccoli, which is really good.We've never had a bad meal and the service has always been really good. My only complaint is that the restaurant never has enough people inside. This place deserves more customers than we usually see. I hope they do well, because the food and the service deserve it!
4	Went here for dinner the other night to try out their all you can eat sushi. The size of the menu available for the all you can eat was quite good. I was surprised by the fact that the menu included cooked appetizers. What we sampled: Crab rangoonNot greatFried Pork Dumplings Delicious and light Egg RollNot greatTuna SashimiVery large portion, but I wasn't a fanSalmon Sashimi Very large portion and deliciousSpicy 2 in 1Very good.  My favorite roll of the night! Godzilla RollVery delicious. My husband ordered more, but I was done.  It was a good experience, but I am not sure I would return.  Finding parking was an infuriating experience and due to the liberty tunnel closure it is very difficult to reroute around.
5	I must have eaten here a dozen times in the past month or so, and every time I leave stuffed and satisfied. Service and food are consistent. I've come across some new favorites on the menu in addition to the Thai curries and the 7 Star Around the Moon - namely the chicken/beef and eggplant in garlic sauce - has some nice heat to it that works great on cold days like today. Still haven't tackled the sushi, but this place is consistently a winner. My only fear is the place always seems to be empty. Makes for a nice atmosphere but I want this place to do well so it sticks around - get out there and try it people!
5	I've been here a couple times and always enjoyed everything. Most recently, about 2 days ago or so, I finally got to go in for this all you can eat sushi! For $24 you get whatever, they make it all as you order It too which us GREAT, wayyyyy better than sitting out on a buffet! Had white tuna, salmon, spicy tuna, sushi and sashimi and 3 rolls, dumplings, miso soup, and MORE, $24 each. I think they might do the deal everyday, but am not totally sure :)
4	If you like Sushi and have kids this an excellent choice because you can order sushi while taking the kids out for hibachi. It is probably not going to be the best sushi you've ever eaten but there is a nice variety that is well executed and reasonably priced especially for the tuna rolls.Regarding the hibachi we went here for my sons birthday and he loved it. The chef along with the wait staff were very attentive which led to him having a great experience and we will definitely be returning as anytime we ask him where he wants to go to eat he says hibachi.
4	I enjoy the delivery service from time to time and the dining experience is bad either. The sushi isn't the best i have ever had, but it is the best I have had in Pittsburgh for a long while. This is also one of the only places that knows how to make real fried ice-cream. The servers are very nice and have been attentive every time i dine-in the restaurant. The Chinese food is filling and tasteful as well. The prices are pretty average and worth it.
5	Best sushi in the Burgh and they deliver!  Volcano and Godzilla rolls area the best. Also, try the spring rolls. Wowzer!
4	Just orderd delivery from Katana, which was my first time having their food.   The udon noodles are delicious - maybe the best in town, definitely the best in the south hills. Decent tofu and veggies. Love that you can get brown rice, and love love love the online ordering option. Very affordable,too!
5	All you can eat sushi $23.95! Good variety, includes Shashimi! You have to try this South Hills Location for good atmosphere and great sushi. Another new favorite!
2	The food was tasty and the atmosphere not uninviting. However, I will say that the quality Of the food was on par with places half as expensive. The fried rice was dry and fairly flavorless. I got the crispy spicy tuna roll, which was made perfectly crispy and turned out to be the highlight of the meal. The general tsos and the sesame chicken tasted like the sauce was ketchup based and they were exactly the same, excepting he sesame seeds. If it were not for the groupon I would have gone a star lower. Even if given the chance though, I will not be going back.
4	I have been to Katana quite a few times. I really like the food and the service has always been good. Every time I've been there we sat at the hibachi table, but I like that they offer other asian varieties of food so everyone can find something they like. My new favorite thing about this place is that they deliver to my house. This is my go to place for ordering Chinese food. You can even get the hibachi menu  items delivered. Delivery is timely and the food is always good. I will continue to get delivery from Katana.  The online ordering is also a plus!
4	Pretty good chirashi. Salmon was extra fresh. Good portion size fish. Miso soup was a little watered down but overall, solid 4.456 stars :-o
4	Not the best ever, but by no means bad. I have not tried the all you can eat sushi, but the sushi in general is very good. The hibachi is good too. I will say you can get better a bit cheaper elsewhere, but its still way better than that over priced garbage in the south side...you know the one I mean. The staff is friendly and attentive and the ingredients always taste fresh. They even deliver! Sushi to the door, why, yes, please!To the reviewer who wrote about them "banging the utensils on the grill" during the hibachi meal, and also mentioned that she usually chatted with guests during the cooking or "sometimes read a book." Are you kidding me? All the chefs (in ANY hibachi restaurant) have different personalities, and yes, their jokes aren't always hilarious, but when you go to hibachi dinner, you go for a show. I have eaten hibachi all over the country and have never NOT seen them bang the utensils on the grill. And read a book?! Part of going to this type of dinner is to see the the chef in action. They train for months to be able to do those things. If I were the chef I would be incredibly insulted if you weren't paying attention. To me, this is a ludicrous reason to give a negative review. FYI you can sit at a normal table and still order from the hibachi menu. Save the good seats for those of us that want to participate in the fun.
4	I have been here 4 times and I have enjoyed every visit. I discovered Katana through Groupon. I was unable to use the groupon until the 4th visit because of the other specials and coupons that they offer. The First visit I had the All you can eat Sushi 23.95. (This eliminated the use of the groupon on this visit because it is a special and no one in your party can order a special and combine it with a groupon.) I ordered lot's of rolls, Dragon, dynamite, Alaska, California, Spider, Spicy plus lots of Eel, hamachi and others I don't remember. Although you have to be careful because there is a surcharge for any sushi/sashimi that you order but do not eat. Not a problem for me. The All you can eat sushi comes with soup or salad and an appetizer. I had the house salad (good) and a spring roll that was more like an egg roll (deep fried).The sushi is not as good as the sushi in the Pacific Northwest but I found it very good for the Burgh.The Second visit was an early dinner and we were able to use a 15.00 off coupon for a birthday that you can get from the Katana website. I had the Dragon & Phoenix (Generals TSO's chicken and shrimp sauteed in chili sauce) Beverly had the Green Jade broccoli, snow peas and string bean (her new favorite). Good portions and very good.Our third visit  was a lunch visit. Beverly had the Green Jade again, I had Sweet and sour chicken which was Ok not the best I have had but OK. Our third member had a shrimp ginger salad. Our Fourth visit was for dinner. I had the Mongolian beef, Beverly the Green Jade and our third member had the beef broccoli. All good and we were able to use the groupon.  Also ordered a pint of  Hot n Sour soup to go as it is very good. We have had good service on every one of our visits. Friendly staff, greeted promptly, thanked on our way out and always attentive. I am puzzled as to why Katana is not busier. Each time we have gone there have only been a few others in the restaurant. I think Katan's is a good value and worth a try.
4	Probably the best sushi/sashimi offerings within the Pittsburgh area. they offer an AYCE sun- Thursday. ($23.95pp) they give you a sheet and you circle the items that you want. You can only order 1 piece of sashimi at a time but, since it's AYCE you just gotta keep putting the orders in. The rolls weren't overly full of rice but was a decent ratio of fish to rice. Been here twice already and it's always empty. I don't get it considering it's much cleaner than other sushi spots around town.
3	Did someone say "All you can eat sushi"!?!  I accept the challenge!!  I may regret this decision later, but I accept.Another hidden gem in Dormont, Katana has the hibachi grills, handmade sushi, and (in my opinion) a great location - across from the Nissan dealership - AKA right by the Tstop.  This way you can stop in then waddle back to the T after your stuffed with deliciousness.I've tried both their hibachi and sushi - what can I say, I love the cuisine.  The hibachi is perfect if you come with family or larger group.  However if you come as a duo, grab a seat at the grill, make some friends and enjoy the show.  If only I had the skill these chefs have...  Also before you visit, check places like Groupon for special hibachi only deals!Sushi is always fresh and beautiful - a work of art presented to you on a plate that I find hard to consume... yet I'll attempt to work the chopsticks and dive right in!  From the standard rainbow roll to their Cowgirl, everything is delicious.  Want to try as many rolls as possible?  Come Monday through Thursday and indulge in ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!!  For under $24 per person, you can have an appetizer, sashimi, sushi, and maki rolls until you BURST!!  They do have a surcharge if you leave uneaten rolls on the plate - so make sure you only order what you can eat.  The waitstaff will provide you with order sheets, if you wish, every time you clean a plate.If you're looking for a tasty (or glutenous) experience, stop by Katana.  If you see me in the back stuffing my face with sushi... don't judge me :)
5	I've been here numerous times and loved it every time. Great service and delicious food. I should add that I've only ever had their hibachi (filet mignon, shrimp, chicken, and steak) and sushi. The cooks have the typical corny hibachi jokes, but that's to be expected. They're on Groupon a lot, so I would definitely recommend buying one and treating yourself. Great little place to eat right in Dormont. Parking may be difficult depending on the time and day you go. Also, they offer all you can eat sushi nights. Enjoy and don't forget the groupon!
2	Bought a groupon deal for this resturant and went on Tuesday evening.  Got miso soup, teriyaki chicken and spicy tuna roll. Tuna roll was probably the worst I have ever eaten. Miso soup was OK. Vegetables in terriyaki chicken were cold. Seems like they didnt bother to steam frozen vegetables long enough. Chicken was half decent. They were out off half of the stuff listed in menu. So had to keep changing the order. Wont be going back again.
2	In walking distance to my castle, and I love a good sushi.  The sushi was average at best.  I would go back to try the hot menu, but not just for sushi.  It was a random Thursday night around 7PM and it was pleasantly not crowded but the service confused and the atmosphere was just disoriented.
4	My husband and I went here for lunch today (Saturday) and had a really good experience. The place was empty but they had only been open for an hour. We got the beef negimaki and it was awesome! We eat got sushi for lunch, rolls and nigiri and everything tasted fresh and delicious. It was a little pricey for lunch ($48 with tip) but we will definitely be back again.
4	I've been here a few times. The sushi and service are always pretty good. The spicy special rolls are among the best in the city.
5	One of my favorite Asian cuisine places in Dormont. Bento boxes, sushi, tempura, lo mein, mu shu, hot and sour soup - so many great options. I was skeptical at first because of so many different styles under the same roof but they have been excellent every time! I don't live far but they deliver with the quickness, like really fast most of the time. Can't say enough how awesome their bento boxes are
4	I have sampled several dishes from Katana and none of them disappointed. I usually get take out or delivery which is quick and always on time. My only complaint is with the Moo Shu vegetable dish, it is supposed to come with Chinese pancakes but come with flour tortilla shells instead.Other places do the same, but I expected better from Katana.
2	Will not be ordering from here anymore. The food is good- decent Chinese, sushi isn't the best but it's fresh and they deliver so...    Last time I ordered delivery I was quoted 15 min, which is crazy fast but it normally is with them. I called after 40 minutes to check up and was told that the driver was on the way. I called again after an hour and was hung up on... Called back and was put on hold and forgotten...  Called back and spoke with someone who said they'd check and see where the driver was and call me back. Obviously no one called.    I called again and was told the driver was on the way, this is at an hour and 15 minutes. The driver finally arrived after an hour and a half, no apology or offer from anyone to try and make it better. No one cared.   Lost my business.
1	Customer service is HORRIBLE. Put in an order and they said it would be an hour (said that was fine) they were rude from the second I called. Hour and a half later called and asked what was up. They said they put our order in a little late and the driver would be here within a few minutes (also said that was fine) a half hour later I called a again to find out there was a "technical" problem which I followed to ask for a free meal or at least a significant discount. They were very rude and told me the best they can do was a 20% discount (would've been roughly a $5 discount) the bad part is I've ordered from here plenty of times but they lost a very loyal costumer today and I plan on getting ahold of the owner just to let him know the service industry runs on costumer service and obviously his employees weren't briefed on that...
1	Customer service is the worst! I have worked in plenty of restaurants and also delivery joints and I have never been so put off by customer service. We called. Woman was rude to us on the phone. After being rude (short, inattentive) she said it would be an hour off the bat. Ok, I've been there. She was trying to make us aware up front. That's cool. Food wasn't here for an hour. Called back after 1:15. They said it was in a few minutes late. Called back after 2 hours! Was told it was a technical difficulty. When asked if we could get a discount we were told to "Man up and pay for food". Avoid this place. Try Thai spoon, tong garden, Mekong, or amazing wok. Shoot, try McDonald over this joint. Your food isn't that good. Sayonara suckers.
4	Oh, yummy!  I've only ever gotten take out from Katana via GrubHub (thank you GrubHub, for existing, now please expand to non-cities like Princeton or whatever more residential areas we need food too) and everything has been deLICIOUS.  Absolutely scrumptious.  I've gotten shrimp habachi and for like $18 you get salad, noodles, veggies, shrimp, and an eggroll!  This is a perfect deal.  WHAT do they put into that ginger dressing that goes on the iceberg salad?!?!?!  I've always wondered this at hibachi places that have salad bars because the dressing is always amaaaaazing.  I've also gotten sushi from here that was fresh tasting and generous.  I never expect food to arrive in less than 40-45 minutes, which seems to be the reason for all the 1 star reviews on here BUT GrubHub kind of takes care of that for you by updating you with actual time quotes of when the food is going to get there.  In any case I have definitely never waited more than an hour for food from Katana.  It's worth it for the scrumdiddilydumptious food anyways!  I'm a fan!
3	I was attracted to this restaurant by the deal on Groupon, though we got take out and the offer wasn't valid for take out- dine in only. The lo mein had a ton of garlic in it. It was so dominant I could smell it through the box and bag in the car. It was not the typical lo mein taste with the dominance of the garlic, which some people may enjoy, but I personally wouldn't get the lo mein again. The miso soup was good. It had a good bit of seaweed, but did not have much tofu, as most miso soups skimp on. It was nothing wonderful, mediocre at best. The general tsos was better than anything else I ordered. The all white chicken pieces were mostly bite size, and the sauce was good. We ordered it to be not spicy, as spicy is indicated beside it on the menu. The prices are relatively inexpensive for Chinese food, which makes Katana an appealing place to order Chinese food at! I would try Katana again and dine in to experience the in restaurant experience, but I would never order take out again.
4	Never had a bad meal at katana. The Dynamite Roll & crispy roll on the special board are my favorite. This place is never busy & I don't understand why. They also always have a groupon available.  Would certainly recommend to friends.
2	I came to Katana for the first time last Friday, January 2nd.  There were 4 people in my party. We made a reservation for the Hibachi. We were seated immediately. Our waitress came over and got our drink orders and came back with them fairly promptly. Next, she took our food orders. I personally don't like hibachi so I wanted to order Basil Noodles. I was informed that those weren't available so I ordered Lo Mein instead. The salads were brought out quickly by another member of your wait staff. This waitress was asked by multiple people for refills and chopsticks since our waitress had disappeared. Our chef, Clint, was AWESOME! Very funny guy. Very talkative. And the 3 other people in my group that got hibachi were very happy with their meals. During the "hibachi show" put on by Clint, our waitress came back to the table to check drinks for 5 of the other patrons at our table and one member of our group but never the 3 remaining. Not once did she try to offer us another beverage or just check to make sure we were ok(and we were the only people at the table having alcoholic beverages)! The hibachi show finished and most people at the table were nearly done with their meals and my lo mein had yet to be seen. Clint was concerned and tried to ask the girl that was at the front counter about it but she offered no assistance. Finally our waitress came over and I had to motion her over to me as she was ignoring me! She said, Oh! Your food will be done soon! And then she go away from us as quick as possible. Did she go check on my food in the kitchen? Nope! To add insult to injury, she went to the hibachi table next to us to check on their drinks. Another 10 minutes go by and everyone is done with their food and mine finally comes out. When she puts the food down and 3 of us asked for more drinks since we finally had her. She came back over with our drinks. I ate BY MYSELF. Then asked for our bill. I HAD TO SAY SOMETHING ABOUT OUR SERVICE. I am NOT one of THOSE people. But, it was just not acceptable. She said, sorry after she listed a bunch of excuses as to why my food took so long.  And I said ok, but you never checked on our drinks.  She offered to take $5 off the bill. I would have expected a little more than that.  Overall, the food was good but the service was seriously disappointing! I would give 4 Stars to the food and the Chef, Clint.  But the overall service was TERRIBLE.
