5	If your in need of any permanent makeup this is the place!  I have been to many permanent makeup places over the years and this place exceeds.  Min is the artist and she does outstanding work.She listens to how you want your makeup done, the color the shape and when she finishes it's just as you described it.I had my eyebrows done.  This is not something you want to trust anyone doing, but after I was refered to Min, I thought I'd try it.  I was pleased.
5	I had my eyebrows tattooed 5 years ago by Min and she does free follow-up annual touch-ups for up to 5 years. So... I had them touched up at least twice. Scheduling the free follow-ups are about 2 months out so it's not like you can just walk in. However, it's pretty cool that she offers it.I was very happy with my brows and have since gone in for some of the facial with LED light treatment packages to reduce the age spots/ freckles on my face. The process of ridding some of the larger dark spots include burning them off and then staying OUT OF THE SUN while the skin heals back a lighter more blended tone to the rest of your face. She also gives you a bleaching cream to put on the skin to further ensure lightening of the spots. It worked! My face looks more clear than before the treatments. I'll be returning to try out the 3D eyebrows and will update the review once it's done.
4	I loved Min and her assistants! I went in to have my eyebrows redone as I went to the wrong place a year prior and had two very uneven eyebrows. The assistants were very patient and were more than comforting. I have to say I was a bit traumatized from my previous bad experience....I wish I would have gone here first!! I paid $100 for my eyebrows and I couldn't have asked for more. The 5 year "warranty" with free touch ups is awesome and I look forward to having more services done!!! Thanks Min!!!
2	I went back to MIN for a touch up appointment and the friendliness that I experienced the first time was definitely missing. It was slow, I was the only one in the waiting room and I wasn't even acknowledged. Perhaps the office was having a bad day. :-/
5	I have since gone back for my 3D eyebrows and I'm very happy with them. Pricing is affordable and really awesome that I no longer have to pencil in my eyebrows or worry about rubbing my eyebrows off during the day. I've uploaded a picture of my 3D eyebrows after having them done about a year ago and since having 2 touch ups. I go back about once every 3 to 4 months. Recently I paid for 5 dermabrasion facials and 16 LED light treatments. Unfortunately my schedule SUCKS ass lately and I can't seem to find time to actually go back and DO the facials. Waaaah.
5	AWESOME! Fast, easy, professional.
4	Its been a year (I think) since I last got my eyebrows done from Min.  I'm really glad that I did get it done because now I'm not always paranoid about how bare my face looks.  When you get it done, she does touch ups for up to 5 years.  Touch up appointments however need to be made 2-3 months in advance.  I got the 3D eyebrows and I did post some photos for you to see the before and after.  I'm glad I went the 3D eyebrow route because it blends really nice with my eyebrows.  I just keep it clean underneath and my brows always look made.  I must have a terrible pain threshold because Min always pauses to ask me if I'm okay.  I think its because I hold my breath and keep asking why am I doing this to myself.  LOL.  Min takes real good care of you, just know that.  Often times, there are specials for Facials packages and permanent makeup.  As a matter of fact, I keep going back and forth about doing my eyeliner.  Min even asked me and I told her I'm just so scared of the pain.  She giggled said for me to take pain releiver and a driver and I'll be okay.  I'm sweating just thinking of the pain that I could possibly put myself through to connivence myself of perm makeup. Hahahahaha!Any hoot, as I contemplate about the permanent eyeliner, I am confirming that she did a wonderful job on my eyebrows.  Ooooh I wish I had came in earlier because they had $20 1 hour reflexology on special that day....DARNIT!  Now I'm just going to stop in when I'm in the neighborhood and check for specials.
2	It's been a year now since I've gotten my 3d eyebrows done.  I've always wanted my eyebrows tattooed.  Pricing is ok.  The model photo they have for 3d eyebrows looks nothing like my brows, given that everyone's brow shape and arch is different.  I wax and arch eyebrows for a profession, so to me, this had to be very detailed and carefully executed.  An employee took me to a room to establish a shape for my eyebrows via pencil.  This took maybe 10 tries, I ended up drawing them myself.  Then I was moved to a room to prep for tattoo.  Finally got to meet Min, and I made myself clear the color and look I wanted.  I actually like the color, it was a good match with my haircolor.  Shape-wise, the shape turned out different than the shape drawn on.  I felt very rushed because she was going from room to room ever 5 minutes.  I felt as if i did not get the care or attention I needed.  I think it was my mistake that I said I was out of town when she asked.   yikes!Result: 2 different eyebrows.  :(  Thank goodness I have side swept bangs to cover up the difference.  the ends have faded but the front of my brows are partially faded, some light spots some dark spots.  ack!  i would not come back for a touchup.
5	Min has been doing permanent makeup for something around 30+ years! I got my eyebrows done by her about a year ago.Pros:- Min is very experienced  - Permanent makeup comes with 5 free appointments for touch ups - Competitive prices- Rooms are clean - Variety of services offered- Friendly and helpful staffConsult/before the tattooing: An assistant draws in the shape you want with an eyeliner pencil. I did have some doubt right before I got my brows done. My natural eyebrows were very thin and each were very different in shape, length, etc, and it's always been difficult to draw them on evenly. But, the assistant was very patient and helpful and spent probably half an hour making my eyebrows the shape I wanted them. Getting them tattooed: Min, having been doing this for so long, is confident in what she does, so she does move a little fast. But be assured, she knows exactly what she's doing. I told her I was still a little unsure of the shape of my right brow but she said not to worry, she would fix it, and she picked a color that would look good on me. Obviously when you're about to have something tattooed onto your face, you want to be 100% sure about everything before you start. I had a little doubt about the shape of the right brow and if the color was too dark, but I couldn't be more happy with the results. My brows look very natural and people are surprised when I tell them they're tattooed because of how subtle and natural they are. OVERALL: Would recommend! Experienced and friendly. Great prices. I'm very happy with my permanent eyebrows!
5	I love coming to min's.  I been coming since I was 17 and now I'm 27. I only trust Min. Her staff is always polite and knowledgeable. And Min does an awesome job as always, I never have to wait long nor tell her what I need, min always knows what's best for her clients. My mom comes here now to and she loves her eyebrows.
5	The foot massage was better than you could even imagine...best in my life...better than a 10....this man knows every pressure point. It is so much better than I expected. I have been having permanent makeup done there for a few years with wonderful results.  The place is always spotless and the staff is nice as well...treat yourself here....a thankful customer.
5	Had 3d eyebrows and full lips done this last Monday. I am very, very happy with the results. I look totally natural. Min is very professional and accommodating. Her assistant is very sweet and pleasant. I was a really big baby about the pain to my lips when they were done but Min worked with me and got me through it (lips hurt a lot!). I will go back in 3 months to have the touchups done and maybe get eyeliner done too. I would recommend Min's Permanent Makeup for anyone looking to enhance there looks with a very talented makeup tattoo artist.
