3	When you mention fast food, Boston Market is never one of the places that comes to mind.  In that respect, it's like Wendy's.  It just never enters into the equation, though it's generally at least as fast as other options (and probably about as healthy in many respects).I think part of the problem is that I can never decide what to order.  When I can't figure out what I want, I don't like going there.  This is true at places that have massive menus, or places that just don't tickle my fancy, and it's true at Boston Market.I think they were one of the first places I noticed where they tend to obscure their menu choices somewhat.  Now lots of places do it (see McDonalds), but at those places, I know what I want, so it doesn't really matter.In any case - I never know what I want, so I end up panicking in line and ordering something I don't really want, and end up unhappy.  The good news here is that the staff is nice, and the food is fresh.  It's just not what I wanted, which leaves me unhappy spending what I did for the food.
3	So many choices! It really is a hit or miss kind of thing at this location, but more hits than misses. Biggest downfall is the service. So I don't know which of the million veggies I want? Don't ignore me for the better part of 10 minutes, make a suggestion!
5	Terrific food, clean dining area, and friendly customer service.
1	No no.. Boston Market ? HUH    go back to Boston with your nasty food and prices give me a break 1 piece of chicken 2 spoons  of veg 10 bucks?When I saw 3 Cops eating for free?I know it happens all the time I guess its the " if we give them free food we will get more protection?" with plate fulls of Food and by the way they did not need it . I will pay anything but when the food is nasty .. I swear I was praying to the toilet God all night after eating here.. Never again   .Its a great idea.. If the food was not so terrible . PS   there maybe locations that actually have food that you can eat but,, the few Charlotte NC location are terrible  EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK
4	I think this is a great option for a fast meal that doesn't feel like fast food.  The staff have always been very wonderful when we visit - we were there for Valentines Day (we keep it pretty lowkey) and they have white tablecloths and chocolate kisses on the tables.  Their Tuscan seasoned Chicken is delicious and we always try new sides which have all been good - their squash casserole stuff was surprisingly tasty!  My boyfriend is always a sucker for their creamed spinach.  I love getting extra cornbread to warm up for breakfast the next day.We also ordered their heat-at-home Easter meal while we watched the Game of Thrones premiere and I thought we got a great value for the package price.  The ham was delicious and all of the sides (sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, and we added macaroni and cheese) were delicious, plus we got 2 apple pies! It was a tasty feast with leftovers for everyone.Also, when you dine during the week, you get a coupon for the upcoming Saturday for a Buy One Get One meal. I always forget to back on Saturday but I swear next time I will!
4	I do love their rotisserie chicken the most.  I am not a huge fan of all of the sides.  I also do a lot of catering here for work lunches and they do a really great job at that.  Good option for fast, non fast food, just watch out for the sides...
2	Huge reliance on spices. Lack of freshness. Overkill on certain items to add taste, such as unnecessary breading in the squash casserole. Sweet Potatoe casserole had too much sugar. Parm Tuscan chicken had too much sauce but good flavor. Green beans were great flavor but chewy. Mac n cheese tasted processed as well. We came In dinner rush so there is no reason the veggies should have been chewy. Good prices. Friendly staff. I would not recommend this place unfortunately. However, I've only gone once.
4	Foods ok but They have really good customor service i posted a negitive yelp review and almost immediately i got a Message asking how They Could change my expirence. That completely changed my point of view also there Mac and Cheese is good according to a most kids.
