5	This playpark is the cooler older sibling of the Bruntsfield Links. It's bigger and brighter and a lot more shwing. Which is an adjective adapted from Wayne's World. It's the more fashionable older sibling, to boot. During the day it's inhabited by mothers and fathers, and, of course, children who're doing their children-thing, i.e. screaming and running and having fun.At night, though, beware, there're other inhabitants. Well, don't beware too much, but it's just full of children but ten years older than the ones who play there during the daytime. At least during the summer, when it's warm enough and daylight lasts pretty much 22 hours. This playpark's located at the edge of the Meadows that's closest to Arthur's seat. Right on the corner of Melville Drive and Buccleuch Street. This playpark's possibly the most colourful playpark in the city. Sadly, the only reason I've ever been here is to exercise, but I'm certain that if I lived here 10 years ago, this would be the place I'd hang.
4	It warms my heart that another semi-adult actually beat me to this review about a playground!  I spent a glorious hour and a bit there with a friend earlier this summer, and to be honest with you, I probably saw one toddler for every five eighteen year olds while I was there. What this playground has going for it is its proximity to the wonderful Meadows, as well as the fact that a lot of the equipment (come to think of it I've forgotten what one calls those play thingies) looks like it won't break if I sit on it. There're swings, things you can hang from, jump from, slide down, and swivel round in until you become nauseated! I know I really need to brush up on my playground lingo, but it was a lot of fun!
5	Kids these days don't know how lucky they are. This is such a middle class playground it is unbelievable: not content with just swings, you have race car chair swings. There's a zip wire, a climbing wall, some form of big swinging disk thing and numerous other structures bringing unadulterated joy to me...and probably little kids as well. During the day this playground is absolutely rammed with screaming children as mothers discuss the latest issue of glamour or yesterday's tea party. This is the time to avoid, mainly because you'll look a bit weird swinging with a load of 5 year olds (careful those of you with innuendo based minds). In the evening though, or better in the small hours of the morning, this is a drunkard's paradise. Everything becomes so much more amazing...and more difficult. Whether it be the swings, the climbing frame or simply the spinning disk then it is a joy. Also the playground is one of the best places to meet fellow boozehounds, there's a real community of idiots there. A word of warning though, when on the swings, make sure you don't look at the hypno-disk, it will definitely make you feel queasy at the least.An amazing park with brilliant features for all kids, both little and large
