4	This show is a riot. My friend/coworker decided to have her birthday party here and we were all required to wear funky looking wigs. We had a blast. The band is kooky and plays all the best of the 80's. The dance floor is nice and there are plenty of opportunitities to dance around with plenty of space on the dancefloor to properly get your groove on.The best part about this place is that drinks are less expensive than a normal strip bar/club and there are lots of places to sit, take it easy and just enjoy the band as you get your rest on.This place is great for groups or a fun night out with your sweetie. It's corny and lame fun. My favorite!Definitely a treat.
4	Another 80's cover band, they're goofy outfits and act is very entertaining.  I've seen them at the Suncoast way back when and most recently at the South Point.  They always draw a nice crowd and vibe.  You can't help but have a good time when you see them.I recommend checking them out if you're in the area.
5	Best entertainment around for locals. My friends and I always end up there when they come to town. We always get a good workout in from dancing crazy all night. Love the 80's music they cover.
1	Spazmatics present all the tunes from the 80's that you'll remember and want to sing along to. I say they present the tunes. The band consists of two guitars, drums and vocals, but the music has keyboards, synth, brass, and all kinds of other instruments not seen on the stage. That's because their act is primarily prerecorded on a computer that they lip synch and play air-guitar to. Truly not a band per se. Just some bad actors in costume jumping about on stage and making it look real. But it's really all prerecorded. The only musician on the stage might be the drummer. The guitarists are not really playing their instruments, and the singer may or may not be actually singing. If you must see this act, don't pay money. Go for free. You'll see.
5	I love spasmatics I think it is the greatest thing to do on a friday night for five bucks.  The table are free the music is classic 80 and the beer is cheap.  They never get boring to me.  If you have never seen them give them a try.
5	A friend of mine told me that we were going to see an 80s cover band with a group of her friends.  I expected big hair, spandex, synthesizers, ok music and bunch of over the hill people trying to relive the glory days.  While the last part was true, there wasn't as many as I expected.  Also, these guys are definitely not the big hair band I thought they would be.  Their music was great!!!  Very talented singers and musicians, they have choreography and the place had drink specials as well.  So while I expected an ok night out with friends, I had a great time!  Got to rock out to everything from Ghostbusters to Guns n Roses to Ice Ice Baby.  Now I know Vanilla Ice wasn't the 80s, but I don't care and neither did the entire crowd.  Everyone was dancing and singing along and it was awesome.  Keep it up guys!!
5	FANTASTIC SHOW!!!! Went here with a group of friends for a birthday and we had a blast. The Spazmatics are funny, energetic and talented. If you like 80's music they are a must see. The crowd was great and the energy was perfect. Some of our friends had dressed up in 80's gear and we had a ton of fun! $5.00 cover to get in for everyone!We reserved a few tables for the group and got a complimentary bottle of champagne for the birthday boy! They had a drink special: 2 dollar coors light (draft) and 3 dollar gold tequila shots (gag!! what is it with the gold tequila!?) One of the bartenders was great! He was fun and got into the spirit of things with everyone! The female bartender was nice but she was all business. And the other dude was just a complete ass so we avoided him most of the night. All in all a great show. AWESOME music and a great atmosphere. Highly recommended!
4	This is THE best free show in Vegas. I actually saw them at Sunset Station. The venue is nice, plenty of seating. It's just a fun show. All your favorite 80's songs preformed very well. A great singer, great guitarist and a funny as hell act. Almost as good as the show was watching the crazy mixed bag of people dancing. The only downside I had was it was nearly an hour between acts. Now that I know that I can go gamble a bit in between instead of paying for higher pried drinks inside the venue.
1	I'm a fairly laid back and easy going guy so when something gets under my skin and bothers me you know it's a really big deal. That being said I was at their show it was a work night for me but my GF wanted to see them and I agreed to go I mean who wouldn't want to see an 80's cover band playing classic 80s tunes? We showed up early (about an hour) and were the 4th couple in line; we waited patiently; the line guard/ticket taker came over and commended us for being their so early and made some light conversation telling us about the show.  As the line formed behind us we could tell this was going to be a blast as everyone showed up in full on 80s attire and made me think this must be what a flashback feels like. As the time of the show approached the line guard came back out and said sorry everyone but the Rat Pack showed up and joined the Spazmatics on they are doing a few sets together.  WTF? How bummed was I that we didn't have tickets for that show? That ended up pushing our show back another hour. When we finally were allowed in we were expecting some sort of compensation for causing the delay, or at least a free drink & tickets to an upcoming show etc but all we were told was sorry about that and no you can't sit down inside those are for VIPs only! who is more of a VIP than a fan who stood in line over an hour waiting to see you perform? We stuck around for the first song but after spending an hour and a half in line and another hour or so waiting for the band to "freshen" up we decided to leave very disappointed As I had to get up and go to work in the morning. I would be happy to go back and try this again but knowing my luck some other fiasco would occur and cause me to have a coronary so I will pass.
5	Celebrated a friend's birthday on Friday at Club Madrid/Sunset Station.  Spazmatics was a fav of all of ours and it had been a while since we had seen them.  Quirky, light hearted, cute, witty, funny and fabulous is a few things that I can say about the amazing Spaz Dudes.....and thats not even about their music.  I love me some 80's and this is coverband to a bunch of 80's songs that you long forgot about, can sing along to and and do the running man to. Haha  The band is great!  Sunset Station is a little to be desired as a venue for these guys but we did come from the Northwest to Henderson to see them.  I am so glad we did!Once they found out it was my friend's birthday they brought her on the stage and made a big to-do about it.  It was hilarious and her moves werent so bad either.  You could tell they enjoyed it...how could you not?  During this time the lead singer brought her to the bar and bought her a bday shot....with the spotlights following them and all.  What a great moment.  My girlfriend will never forget it and I have the video to prove it in case she does. LOL  They are fabulous and I highly recommend you to check them out.  You'll be glad you did!
5	Such a great band to come and dance to!! If you love 80s music-this band is a must see. They play everything from Bon Jovi to Beastie Boys and Depeche Mode to Vanilla Ice. Love love loved it-can't wait to come back
5	Spazzmatics bring their A game! I absolutely  love these guys and can't wait to watch them again.
5	THE BEST SHOW! I seriously think  they changed my life! More than just great musicians, they are funny, entertaining, smart and did I mention FUNNY?Great songs, each one a memory and just an all around amazing band. I sang along to every song. What a great time! I will SEEK them out and go see them again!
5	Came here last night not knowing what to expect but this was such a great show. Everything from the good music to the seating and dance floor everything was great. It was so much fun totally enjoyed it and would deff will be coming back. The best part is the tickets to get in are only five bucks and the bar has good drink specials. I would recommend this to anyone looking to have fun on a Saturday night with cheap drinks.
4	I was here on a Saturday night and got to see the original group. These guy's are super fun, high energy, and very talented...they know how to keep the crowd engaged and singing along! This particular venue is much better than the small venue I saw them at in So Cal...the South Point Showroom is big and has a large dance floor with plenty of room for those crazy 80's dance moves...haha  We bought the $20 VIP tix which includes 2 drinks (the cheap drinks) and flashing glasses (dorky but fun)...they have tables and booth's...people were fighting for the booth's but it really does not matter because if your anything like me, then you rarely leave the dance floor because your busy raising the roof and totally holding on to that feeling!  HA
4	Do you like 80s music? Do you have a fondness for nerds? Do you like to dance? Do you enjoy a great live performance?If you answered yes to any of those questions, Spaz is the performance for you.It's an all-80s cover band - and they're, like, totally awesome, and actually really great. And they dress like nerds and are comedic on stage.The crowd always gets into it. Plenty of dancers out in front of the stage and plenty of spectators and just listening and enjoying.It's a cheap, good time - and not to be missed.
4	The Spazmatics are a good group that play a variety of songs some that I knew.  They started playing around 10:30 and ended their first set about 11:50.  Shortly after that, I left and made my way home.The following the band has makes the evening a lot of fun, too!  There were a number of people dancing in the area in front of the stage where the Las Vegas showroom style tables and chairs had been removed to make room.We had a group reservation so we were seated in the two large booths stage right.  We also got two drink tickets with the admission.The guys in the band are very active as they play and sing, moving about the stage and engaging the audience.  Many in the audience dressed in 80s style clothes to celebrate the Spazmatics genre.The only suggestion has nothing to do with the group.  Getting seated for this even by the South Point showroom staff was slow.  When you have VIP tickets, you'd think you'd be in early.  You'd be wrong.  All the general admission were in before us.I don't think I'd go back and see them again and I certainly wouldn't wait to the early hours of Sunday for their second set.  They are worth seeing once.
5	Totally spazzed out! We had an amazing time at this show. I went in not knowing what to expect and came out laughing and dancing and wanting more. We came decked out in our 80's gear ready to celebrate Terri W.'s birthday. There were about 10-15 of us, I don't remember the exact count. We ended up with two booths on the left side of the stage and right below one of two bars. The show had already started as we were being ushered to our seats. And may I say, the seats were well worth the money. They were playing all the greats from the 80's and we were rocking out to every single song. Although I did not partake in the actual 80's era (I was born in it), I love every bit of the music. The good, the bad and the ugly. We enjoyed the show and the complimentary drinks and even made it on to the dance floor for a couple songs. Although there were signs that clearly stated no smoking, we found a few people disregarding. They had about a 15 minute intermission that they played a mix of songs on the two TV's. Our group started dwindling as the night was coming close to morning, but we decided to stay and finish it out. At the very end they were to crown Prom King and Prom Queen. They asked all the couples to come out on the dance floor to dance while they scan the crowd to pick out the contenders. I grabbed Ty's hand and we ran out there. Every girl wants a shot at Prom Queen and I had no real shot in high school. So this was my chance! Now before I continue, you have to know that Ty W. looked like an 80's Rock star and I was his groupie. He had the long blonde hair, the zebra striped bandana, ripped jeans, I mean MmmMm lookin good! So he caught everyone's attention. We were the first couple picked to make our way to the stage, along with 4 other couples. We entered on stage and looked out into the crowd. This was nerve racking for the both of us and a giant leap out of our comfort zone. We were then told to dance on our partner provocatively and the crowd will be our judge. "Oh NO!" my worst nightmare to dance in front of people, but hey I didn't know a single one except the birthday girl, so I went for it. While on stage dancing I decided to take a quick glance over at the competition and boy was that a mistake. This woman was upside down with her legs wrapped around her man and her skirt was down by her head. Hooha was hanging out everywhere. Where is your dignity woman!? Anyway, the competition ended and judgment day was upon us. We were the last couple as they went down the line and the crowd cheered for each one. Couple #4 (hooha couple) had an uproar and I thought "oh well that's that." As the hand came over us and I looked out on to the crowd, I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Did we win? Or was that a tie? They voted again and concluded it was a tie. They had never had a tie so it was dance off time. We had to dance 80's the best. Yikes. We gave it our best shot and by then my legs were ready to give out on me. That's what I get for being out of shape. We had quite a few fans in the front cheering us on, and it came so close the second round of voting, but in the end, couple #4 took it home. I can say I am proud we came in second and I kept all of my body parts to myself. We had our choice of a $100 certificate to Silverado Steak House or 2 tickets to an upcoming show of our choice. Well this girl never turns down steak, so you can imagine what we left with. This show was a complete blast and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a flashback to the 80's for a good time. I will be back!
5	By far, the BEST live music show that I've ever had the pleasure to see.  That is saying a lot for this 60 year old music lovin' concert attending, young at heart grandma!  Fun, fun, and sooooo entertaining.  I will be back!
5	Had a ball!!! So much fun on a Saturday night.  We danced, laughed, and danced some more.  This was the BEST $5 I've ever spent.  80's are the best and these guys bring it back in a super cool way.
5	Love the showroom , love the spazmatics! When you go to the show go to the oyster bar! Great food and fun dressing up in the 80's!
