5	131 Main is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in town. And judging by how many people have been there the last few times I've shown up, I'm not alone here. 131 Main is great for lunch, dinner or drinks--and is really convenient if you live anywhere near East Blvd. Seems like it'd be a great place for a Power Lunch; I've only gone for drinks and dinner. And every time has been better than the last. It's decently pricey, but well worth it. Order the Plank Salmon--it's roasted and comes with wild rice. I always start my meals off with the blue cheese wedge, which is amazing--freezing cold, with amazing dressing and tomatoes. You should also make room for the corn bread, which comes with jalapenos cooked in it and is served with honey. Some other favorites of mine are the ribs and the trout, both of which are amazing. As for drinks, 131 has a great selection of wine, as well as some great specialty drinks. Start your meal off with a martini or a mojito--both are great. If you're at 131 for cocktails only, you can either enjoy a seat at the giant bar inside (good post-work scene) or the deck outside, which is open and airy but unfortunately right on East.
5	With my budget, 131 Main's prices are a bit beyond what I regularly like to spend on a meal (unless you want a sandwich), so we reserve our visits for special occasions.  Like my birthday.  And what a delicious birthday treat it was!We went on the weekend so, of course, there was a long wait of about 90 minutes.  We didn't care, though, because (1) it was my birthday, (2) we were waiting for someone to arrive late, and (3) they had a bar.  While we waited, I had an awesome glass of red wine.  Or two.  By the time our table was ready, I was full of glee.  And tannins.  I opted for the pork chops...and I never order pork chops in restaurants.  I guess "the other white meat" still takes a second (or third) to other meat choices when I order.  However, because it was my birthday (I did mention that, right?), I decided to try something new and different.  And I was sure glad I did.  The pork chop dinner was probably the best pork chops I have ever had.  They were very thick and so full of flavor.  Upon a return to 131 Main on the next special occasion, I would probably bypass all other options and go right to the pork chops again.  They were that good and that memorable.  The mashed potatoes weren't half bad either!I loved 131 Main's classy yet unpretentious atmosphere, too.  The dimmed lighting was just right and the decor was very modern.
3	A bit pricey. Portions are rather small but the food is good. The decor is beautiful. The ahi tuna is my favorite. Unfortunately I never had the opportunity to have a cocktail here. :-(
3	Hubby and I went over there on 12/23 just to get out of the house and have some of their FANTASTIC scallops.  We sat at the bar, since we only wanted wine and scallops, which turned out to be a mistake.  This is a really nice place with a relaxing atmosphere, but one of the bartenders spent our time there pulling liquor bottles out of the well, wiping them off, and then slamming them down on the  bar after she was done.  This went on for the entire length of the bar.  It appeared she had to do that before she could leave for thsenight and she wasn't happy about it.  Tough.  Meanwhile, bartender #2, when we asked her to suggest a wine to go with scallops said "white?".  Good lord.  Our scallops arrived after about 20 minutes, which was perfectly acceptable to use, but the manager apologized and comped them for us.  We certainly didn't expect that, but were happy and it made up for the "slamming" bartender earlier.After dinner, we wnet out to pick up our car from the valet, and it turns out that the customers who had left right beofre us had their car broken into while it was parked in the valet lot.  Where do the valets park them, they should have been safer than that.  Then when our valet brought the car   aorund, he took the turn too fast and ran into the curb. scratching up the tire cover.  He got out of the car, handed the keys to hubby, and made a beeline for the valet desk.  Overall -- I would say g for the scallops, but you better know what wine you want and don't use the valet service.  What a night!!
4	Overall a good place for a reasonably priced (overall) meal.The decor is great, lots of wood, booths, glass to separate sections of the restaurant, big booths in the front, nice foyer entrance, etc.  It has a nice buzz and appeal.  The bar is big and looked like a fun place to hang out, but we were there for dinner.The food was good - I got the plank salmon and a house salad - really like the salad, it was crisp and fresh and loved the cornbread croutons.  The salmon was good although slightly undercooked.  The rice mix that came with it was okay; a little too funky for me (I like rice, but some stuff they added was not to my liking)Others I dined with got steaks (very good) and ribs (excellent).  The ribs really looked awesome, served with thin french fries and filled up the plate.  The servings were good but not huge.  The waiter was okay, he was a little slow to refill water and bring our check.  It did not seem that busy so I am not sure what was going on.  It did not take away from the meal. Good selection of beer and wine as wellOverall, an enjoyable place to go!
4	This is the second 131 main in the area - the original being in Cornelius.  I love this restaurant.  It is modern, upscale and has rgeat food and drinks.  Every time I have gone the service has been right on.  I have a friend that lives next door so we have met here for drinks/dinner several times and loved every moment of it.
1	My family are cuisine hounds and spread the news about our experiences readily.  We're looked to for suggestions on places to eat.  131 Main will NOT be one of them.  Here's why - When the waitstaff is told to charge you $6 for a certified letter of a gift certificate and asks you 'So, do you want to order it or not?' bc they don't get a tip.  Now, That's what I call customer service!  Or Customer No Service.  Good luck with that.
2	Some freinds an I visited during restraunt week, very excited the menu looked great.  first on the menu online it was pick 1 for an app, when we got there the menu read pick 1 per couple or per table.  there were 6 of us, they gave us a crabcake, brushetta 4, pimento dip w/ chips.  We received our salads the ceasar dressing had a mustard base, not good than on the menu it stated it came with cornbread croutons.  I had one crouton on my salad.  They brought our main entree however we had finished our salads and were waiting for them to clear our table.  our bowls were at the end of our table while we first began our main entree.  I ordered the Trout w/ crabmeat the most wonderful fish i have ever put in my mouth.  We also had the Chicken Pallard very good, the Prime Rib which was wonderful however the mashed potatoes no taste.  Desert was the same the apps so of course we shared , the brownie was not tasteful, not creamy, smooth chocolate. The key lime pie was okay the pie didnt have that really tart flavor.  Apps were good and entrees .
4	The Prime rib was really good, served with mashed photatos and a unique gravy sauce was soo good. There was dim lighting and gas lamps on the walls. After the sun went down it was really nice inside. I would recomend this place for taking a girl out for a fancy nice dinner. I wish my girlfriend was here on spring break with me so i could have dinner with her!
4	This is one of our favorite casual restaurants in the Dilworth area. The food is fresh & delicious and the atmosphere is inviting & friendly. The pear mojito is incredible and they have a nice selection of moderately priced wines by the glass. The scallops, crab cake salad, ribs and banana cream pie are standouts.
4	One of the things that I wanted to do when I hit town was scrape around to a few different sides of town - and while I didn't have as much time as I would have liked to explore Dilworth, I did make it a point to grab dinner here on my way out for the evening. What I found was a perfectly cozy corner stop, featuring what appeared to be a decent wine list, a carefully selected cadre of brews, and a menu full of rich new American staples. 131 Main won't refresh your take on modern American cuisine, but it might well remind you what you like about it. I had my way with the roasted chicken, paired with some really surprisingly tangy braised cabbage, and washed the whole thing down with an Olde Copper brew. Whether you're content to warm up to the bar and savor a glass of wine or belly up like I did and tear into a new take on some classic fare, there's a decent chance this spot will send you on your way smiling.
4	I have always thought of 131 Main as one of those restaurants in a jinxed building.  It has been a couple of different restaurants, it seems goofy, it has a corporate vibe.  Talk about a surprise today.  I went in this morning, had glass of sparkling and a smoked salmon platter on the patio.  It might be one of the best smoked salmon platters ever!  It seemed like it was smoked in house and a huge portion!  It was served with a lovely caper aioli and toast points.  We asked for red onion and capers.  You can also order a bottle of sparkling for $21.  Talk about a yummy brunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Our server was very nice too!
3	I really want to like this 131, yet at the same time why should I care? The last couple of times I've been my experience has been subpar. Plus, the interior just has an odd feel...maybe it's me. The location is great, but the setup seems odd and the place has never been busy when I've gone. Anyway...When this place is on, it's pretty damn solid. I recommend sitting outside or at the cocktail tables in the bar. I'm no southern boy and, therefore, not a cornbread fan, but this place does something unreal with it. I order it every time. Drizzle the honey on it and....mmmmm. Try the awesome roast beef sandwich (I never recommend roti de beouf, but here I make an exception). The steak salad and the ahi tuna salad are both on-point; I'm a sucker for noodles, mango, avocado...etc. These are entree size portions, not your run-of-the-mill wimpy salad with a slab o' meat on it.As I mentioned earlier, however, I just haven't been impressed the last couple visits. A subpar veggie burger and a stale roll on my roast beef sandwich...seriously hard as a rock. Service was slow and didn't seem genuine, which doesn't make sense when the place is nearly empty. I don't know why this location struggles so. Will someone enlighten me? It never looks busy when I walk by either.All that said, I recommend the Cornelius or Ballantyne locations over this one, which is too bad considering this one definitely has the best location.
4	I had been resisting going to 131 Main. I was sure it would be bad, but I was wrong...Step one was take out. The veggie burger was outstanding. For you Houston's fans - VERY similar. The kale side salad, awesome. Step two - going to dinner with friends. The restaurant was empty so we got out pick of sitting outside on a nice day. The patio eventually filled up. Nothing novel or fancy but really good American bistro food. Great service too which I find is hard to come by in Charlotte.
4	This is a special place for me. It was where my honey took me on our first date. We started the evening at YN next door (highly recommend but that's another review). Anyway, this week was our anniversary so being the nostalgic guy that he is he took me back there. I was a little disappointed that he had made reservations online and put in special requests like no table by the bathrooms or too close to the kitchen. Wouldn't you know it... she tried seating us at the very table we specifically asked not to. I mean it was a Wednesday night... not a Friday? So they should really pay more attention to their Open Table Reservations. However, we spoke up and they then gave us a great table. But, back to business... I ordered the rotisserie chicken and mashed potatoes. It was stellar! So good.... I mean it. Mmmm MMM. I had a really big doggie bag though. They give you huge pieces of chicken. We finished our carb comma with the chocolate brownie topped with a heaping scoop of vanilla icecream.... it's fudgy heaven. I personally like the decor. I think it's hip and cozy. It makes for a romantic dinning experience. Take your chick... she'll love it.
4	If you're looking for one of my top 5 favorite bathrooms in Charlotte, this is it. Nicely tiled, 3 urinals with their own television, automatic sink, despite the door being a pull door to get out they had the trash right there so you could use the paper towel to open the door and throw it away. The other slight knock for me is that i don't really like paper towels piled up because you get the pile wet reaching for yours. It may have been a little dark but comforting and i found myself watching sports scores like i was sitting home on the couch in no rush to exit the bathroom. i did hear a rumor that there were no tvs for the ladies. Apparently, there are no Title IX issues for college sport watching. Oh yeah, this place serves food as well (not to the restroom). Not just any food, i think they serve some of my favorite French fries i've had in ages. It might just be the habit-forming salt they use, but they were great. They are like shoestring fries with lots of annoying little pieces and i still loved them. i strayed from my norm and went with the club and was very satisfied. Although you could probably serve me any sandwich and if i have a side of honey mustard, it will be good to me (just ask Quiznos). The cornbread really is like a dessert. Seemed like a hearty portion that comes out in a Pizza Hut personal pan pizza like dish. Add honey and you're golden. Good stuff. We were here for lunch and sat on the patio. Make sure you get your workout in before you go otherwise you'll just be hating on every runner that passes by as you shovel the french fries down your throat.
3	I never stopped at 131 Main in the past because I always thought it was too upscale to just stop in and grab lunch.  It always looked to me like this is a place you make reservations to go for dinner or a place you go for lunch and drop $20 per person.  I was pleasantly surprised when we were able to sit down for a casual lunch and the prices were about average for a sit down restaurant.  The indoor dining area looked very nice and comfortable but we sat outside.  I thoroughly enjoyed their outdoor seating since we had such amazing weather.  The service was great.  All the servers were very attentive and they used a tag team approach at our table.  Our drink glasses were never less than half full.The food was pretty decent.  We started with the cast iron cornbread which was a huge portion (can easily be shared between 3-4 people) and pretty tasty.  I went with the cajun fish sandwich for lunch and the hubby got the club sandwich.  I couldn't taste too much cajun spice on my fish, but it did have a good flavor (although it was a little too salty).  The fish sandwich could've used a little more sauce of some sort in my opinion.  While the hubby's club sandwich was just your basic run of the mill club, it was still quite delicious.  The best part about our meals were the thin cut not too crunchy but not too mushy fries.  They were wonderful.The food didn't impress me too much, but the service and atmosphere will bring me back.  Not to mention I haven't had a chance to try their banana cream pie yet.
4	One word...Ribs! They fall off the bone and are so tasty! One of the more expensive items on the menu at $22, but well worth it. If I'm in a sandwich mood, which I am frequently, then I go with the roast beef, which comes with a nice side of au jus and horseradish sauce. Service is great and we normally just grab a seat at the huge bar and start with the double dip appetizer (half guac/half cold cheese dip w/chips). Only 2 TV's so not the best place to catch the game, but the outdoor patio and fire pit make for a nice glass of wine on a cool night. And as other people have mentioned, the banana cream pie is one of the best desserts in town!
5	This was excellent - the ribs are amazing and so is the banana cream pie - but you must start with the double dip - just an awesome way to start the meal off!!!
5	The best compliment one can pay to a restaurant is that no matter how many times I've dined there, I've never had a bad meal, nor have I endured bad service. I've been coming here for 3 years, and, in spite of 131 Main's one-page menu, I always can find something new to sample. And I know I won't be disappointed.Highlights are the ribs, better than most ribs you'll find at your run-of-the-mill rib shacks, as well as the beef stroganoff meatloaf. Yeah, you read right...utterly delicious. But the jewel in 131 Main's crown is their banana creme pie, so sumptuous and sinful...and this is coming from a a man who tends to dislike banana creme pie!And while it looks upscale, it's not very snooty. They offer an affordable lunch menu, and their Sunday brunch is quite fantastic. Go there. I said so.(PS: this review is in reference to the Blakeney location, off of Rea Road)
4	I have to agree with the other foodies out there on this one. The interior of this space is really comfortable and intimate. Low ceilings and romantic lighting make this place a greate place to take a date or celebrate a special evening. I have never had trouble parking in the garage and they do have free valet parking. Be prepared to ForkOver some cash for your lunch or dinner at 131. It is not a cheap place by any means, but you get what you pay for at this place. The meals are consistently good quality and they never rush you through your dinner to turn over a table. For appetizers try the Cast Iron Scallops served with Lemon Butter over a Reggiano & Herb Polenta Cake. Also, the cornbread appetizer is sweet and delicious. Both apps are great to share.131 Main features a wonderful "Soup of the day" and great seasonal vegetables as well as other tasty sides such as a wild rice salad served with pecans, golden raisins and a mild, light curry sauce. I have tried the crab cakes which are loaded with lump crabmeat and served with a tasty mustard based sauce. Beware though that several of the dishes can be a bit salty at 131 Main so you may want to ask for dressings on the side, or for them to go easy on the salt. I have found this to be true of their location in Ballantyne as well. Another wonderful dish is the Thai style steak salad. This is a surprising "salad" with cabbage, peanuts, avacado, tomato, carrot, noodles and a dressing with a little spicy kick. For a change ask your server to substitute seared/rare tuna or the fish of the day! Again try the dressing on the side and add it to your liking. People rave about the piled high Awesome Roast Beef Sandwich where the beef is Medium Rare served Au Jus, with a mound of Hand Cut Fries! They also offer a great vegetable plate which is not on the menu (so you have to ask for it). You get to pick the four dishes - try the red cabbage & goat cheese and the kale salad and it's $14 or $15. Another nice feature of 131 is their outside dining space with water fountain. It is a great place to people watch and enjoy a bottle of wine. 131 Main features 1/2 price bottle specials on Wednesdays. (ForkOver is a Foodie transplant from Brooklyn, NY searching out and writing about what's to eat in Charlotte, NC)
3	Great salads. Great apps. Our waiter talked like mushmouth, but we must have communicated somehow, because the service was otherwise great.
1	I eat out frequently and was eager to try 131 Main as I'd heard so much about it.  My dining partner and I stopped by several weeks ago and  I'm still thinking about how the experience was.The food was simply bad.  I ordered a hamburger - hard to mess up a hamburger.  It was way over-salted, although the french fries were great.  My lunch companion did not fare as well.  Her salad, which had been ordered with dressing on the side, came to her literally SOAKED in dressing.  I'm sure they would have fixed this, although too many hidden camera shows have frightened both of us into never sending food back.  On to her salmon...  it was not plated poorly (looked like a previous customer's leftovers) and had little to no flavor.  I initially thought the service was great - loved the team service, but then oddly, while we were in the middle of dinner, our primary server brought the check.  No offer of "Would you like anything else?" as is customary and happening at the tables of another server. The experience was so negative I can't possibly recommend this restaurant.  Frankly, I'm surprised by all the positive reviews and friends who had suggested this establishment. Maybe there was a time when it was great, but that time has clearly passed.This place is over-priced for the low-caliber of food, the interior decor is like an inexpensive diner, and there are too many superior restaurants to choose from that offer better food value and eating experience.
3	Once upon a time I went to 131 Main and it was awful. Other than the coleslaw and Caesar side salad being great, the whole experience was a nightmare and huge disappointment. But we're not reviewing that time, because as I called the next day and spoke to the manager letting him know how shocked I was that THE 131 Main fell so short on service and food.  He profusely apologized and offered a $50 credit if we'd give him another shot - classy move . 2 weeks later, we went back, and here's the story of visit #2:Ambiance is nice, waitress was cheerful and we chose the $59 meal for two. The Double Dip app was great (their queso is like pimento cheese - cold, not hot!), and we both had the Caesar salads (yum) to start.The issue comes with the entree. My date got the meatloaf and it was cold as a brick when it came out to us. Additionally, his mashed potatoes were cold too but the zucchini was hot and delicious. My meal, the Fish and Grits, was delicious though not spicy as advertised on the menu. We asked for the banana cream pie for dessert, only to be told that they were out of everything but the brownie al la mode (good, but not what we wanted). Seems weird for a Thursday night at 830 to be out of almost everything..... but then again, I don't own a restaurant so who knows.Overall, I'm disappointed. I wanted to love this place, but the quality of food and experiences I've had made it impossible. The coleslaw and salad were good though..... :)
5	Totally wonderful:  atmosphere, menu, options, service, bar.Great grilled artichoke which you can also ask for as a side!  The aolie with them is to die for.Have dined with a 4 year old and a 1 year old and it worked out fine.  Staff very supportive and the hub-bub of the place absorbed any noise and walking around with the children did not bother a soul.Everything here is good.  Bar is above and to the side of the dining area, so can eat there or chat intimately with a friend.  Classy place and not outrageous price-wise, but ain't cheap at all.  But what you pay for is worth it. Am surprised at some of the reviews, so recommend you try it yourself.  My son and his wife are foodies who have lived in NYC and Philly, so know the Zagot route and are impressed with 131.There are two locations in Charlotte and I prefer the east blvd location, although both are consistently good.
4	Two friends highly recommended 131 Main and I was sold when they said that the restaurant doesn't have any freezers because their ingredients are just that fresh. I celebrated my birthday here and my stomach & I couldn't have been more satisfied! My uber-picky Charlottean boyfriend (born & bred) boldly proclaimed, "I just found my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!"I liked the clean and sleek look of the restaurant, as well as the dim lighting and well-distanced booths & tables, which created a quiet and intimate vibe. And I love that the restaurant emphasizes the use of fresh ingredients and  sustainably-grown & locally-produced wines.What we ordered:- "Awesome" Roast Beef Sandwich ($14)- Ahi Tuna Salad ($15)- 131 Mainiac cocktail ($9)The 131 Mainiac is so tiny but SO fantastic, one of the best original cocktails I've ever had. I'm usually weary of trying original cocktail concoctions, because they're often overwhelmed with a mess of fruity syrups and none of the subtlety and kick.We started out with one entree each (but shared both) because none of the appetizers really stood out to us. The "awesome" roast beef sandwich was tender and juicy with the au jus, but tasted even better with horseradish cream (it's not included by default, so be sure to request it!). I think it kind of lived up to its name, but I don't think it'd win against Lawry's Carvery.The ahi tuna salad was AMAZING. The tuna was seared and seasoned to perfection, the dressing wasn't overpowering and complemented the tuna very well. Loved the bits of avocado and mango!When we finished both entrees feeling only semi-full, the loverboy looked at me and said,"I kind of want another ahi tuna salad. You down?""HECK YES I'M DOWN."So we shared a second ahi tuna salad in lieu of dessert, which was fine by me!If I come back to Charlotte, 131 Main will be the first restaurant I visit!
4	For a consistently good meal with great atmosphere and service in the Dilworth area, look no further than 131 Main. The food is fresh (no freezer on site) and has a different spin then most other American fare restaurants. The double dip appetizer (guacamole and pimento cheese with tortilla chips) is absolutely amazing. And the fresh fish is prepared differently every day and is always a good choice. Others I've dined with have commented on how good the steaks are, and the homemade salad dressings are my favorite of any restaurant in the area. And please do not leave without getting the cornbread; it's served warm in a cast iron skillet with honey for slathering on top. And then there's dessert - you MUST have the banana cream pie. Delish. The atmosphere is casual and the patio (with fireplace) is a great area in which to sit with good food/drinks and to socialize with friends. The bar area is quite large and a great place to grab a drink with friends or order up a quick meal. The martini list is different from other locales and the full bar and beer/wine won't disappoint. Overall great dining experience.
5	I went during the Taste of Charlotte! The staff is amazing and the food is fabulous. They were very accommodating to our needs. I had the main salad, chips and cheese dip, prime rib and banana cream pie.Seriously and truly very very good food! I enjoyed the cheese dip, which is a clump of cheese and peppers--odd looking but super delicious. The prime rib was also very tender and flavorable. I'm in out of towner and after I finished by doggie bags and wanted more..
2	It pains me to write this review.  I am a HUGE fan of 131 Main.  My "home" location is Blakeney and I've never had a bad meal or poor service there.  I wanted to impress two work colleagues after a long, hard day.  But the Dilworth location definitely did not impress and in fact, damaged my credibility.  Yes, it was a Saturday night and no, I didn't have a reservation.  But I did have a cell phone and I called when I was about 10 minutes away.  I was told that the wait was about 20 minutes.We arrived, got a cocktail and expected - based on what I'd been told on the phone - to have a table before the drink was finished.  It took three drinks, an hour and a half and three visits to the hostess stand before we were seated!Once seated, one colleague ordered the corn bread appetizer from the first server of the service "team".  Might want ot re-think the team concept folks because the entrees arrived long before the cornbread did (to their credit, management did comp the cornbread).  The shrimp and grits entree was judged "too salty" and the normally ultra-reliable roast beef sandwich was extremely stingy on the beef.  The only entree consumed in its entirety was the prime rib.  Even the brownie with ice cream was a disappointment and went almost entirely untouched.I expect honesty from the hostess/host desk.  If the wait is 90 minutes, tell me it's ninety minutes.  Don't mislead me in to thinking that the wait is shorter than it is - the strategy will backfire on you.  And if you do keep me waiting for 90 minutes, you damn well better blow my socks off with the quality of the food.I may give my Blakeney location another try - but I won't bring a work colleague with a company credit card here again!
4	I went here for a networking interview for lunch today, and was very impressed with the food, staff, and atmosphere.  I would definitely return for another visit - for business or pleasure.I was very impressed with the waiter's ability to be attentive and fulfill his duties without unduly interrupting the conversation.  It's nice in any circumstance, but was even more appreciated since it was a business lunch.  The professionalism and courtesy of the staff was also made evident when the my party was asked very nicely by the manager to switch to a neighboring table so he could accommodate a larger party. To recompense us for this small request, he provided free coffee and dessert to the table.  Even during a pretty busy lunch shift, the restaurant wasn't too loud for a business or social lunch.   The food was good, but there were a few weak points.  I ordered the grilled salmon and zucchini strips.  The zucchini was little overdone and the salmon was little underdone, and the portions were pretty small.  Some sort of starch side would have rounded out the plate. However, the comped dessert (banana cream pie) made up for it and then some.
1	Bad experience.  Don't believe the hype!   A five star wanna be.  A two star reality.
5	An amazing dinner of grilled salmon and filet medallion for our anniversary.  The service was more than 5-star and the food was cooked to perfection.  You simply MUST save room to try the banana creme pie...heavenly!
5	Amazing filet mignon!!!cuts Like butter. Had the mashed potatoes...yum! And had the brownie for desert: good, not great.
4	I had a good experience here.  Our waitress was super nice.  The food was pretty darn good too.  Out of 4 meals everyone liked what they got...the "awesome" roast beef sandwich, cheeseburger, shrimp and grits, and one of the fish entrees.  The cornbread app was yummy too.  Oh and the lemonade is fresh.  I give it 4 stars because, while very good, it didn't make me think about my next trip back.  I'm sure I'll be back at some point but I might try out a few other places first.
4	This is a great restaurant with some great benefits for the locals.  If you are in walking distance you can bring your dog and lunch on the patio, a nice Saturday afternoon.  Mel the manager there is attentive fun and open to feedback on the menu.  He is trying to new recipes and even brought some to our table free.  The staff is friendly and attentive a great "go to" place.
4	I have visited 131 Main twice and on both occasions, I left completely satisfied. Our server was pleasent and took the time to go through the menu as this was our first visit. I made a reservation (for the hubs birthday) through open table so we were seated pretty quickly. We had the creamed spinach dip for starters and that was some creammmmmmy goodness. It came with a batch of warm oven toasted bread which I liked better than the usual chips. For the entree, I chose the grilled trout served with herbed aioli and quinoa salad. The trout was meaty and nicely seasoned and instead of spreading the aioli on the fillet, I dipped bits of my trout in it and the combination was heavenly! The quinoa salad was also really nice.Second time around, it was my mother-in-law's birthday so we decided to reserve a table in the back room. We wanted to be able to laugh and enjoy each other's company w/out disturbing other patrons. Our server Brian was great, he made small talk, cracked a few jokes and took our drink order. I ordered the double dip for starters and enjoyed it for real. The guacamole was chunky and the cheese dip was sharp cheddar with bits of bacon, and red peppers. A Fantastic combination!For the entree I ordered the special; pan seared halibut served with a chilled wild rice salad. It was soooo good, The wild rice salad really stood out with the combo of cranberries, walnuts and rasins. It was a sweet-n-savory treat. For dessert they allowed us to bring our own cheesecakecreme icing  cake from yours truly-Harris Teeter, and served it to us after we sang my m-o-l happy birthday. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is b/c althouh I made a reservation for my m-o-l's b-day celebration we waited for about 15 minutes to be seated. Reservation = no wait, gracias!All-in-all, 131 Main is becoming a go to spot for family celebrations :-)
1	Went for lunch to the Dilworth location.....overpriced (I believe it was $12-$14 for a basic burger and fries!); out of touch waiter; slow service in general - one would think at 11:15am before the lunch crowd rolls in service would be faster, but not true; food quality was average at best.  Maybe it was just our menu selections.  Parking would have been difficult had we not arrived so early.  Too many other great lunch options in Dilworth to eat here again for lunch.
5	One of the most amazing places I have every eaten.  Food was amazing and service was impeccable. Ribeye is to DIE for!
3	It was fine, pretty empty at 6:30 on a Saturday night which concerned me at first. So did the 92.5 sanitation rating. Service was slow and confused. We had multiple servers and there was confusion on if we'd ordered drinks and appetizers and our main server pretty much grilled us like CSI on who brought our drinks because she had our ticket...man, woman? tall, short? tall like over...GOAWAY. Food was good enough, I had the crab cakes they were two minutes away from being cold. My husband had the swordfish and the rice salad was delicious. Been there done that , won't be back necessarily. Much prefer the food, service and atmosphere at Bricktops in this genre.
5	I often eat here for lunch but this has become my Tuesday night spot with $5 Appetizers (Sunday -Thursday from 5-7 pm) and half priced bottles of wine (Tuesday only).Everything is great from the scallops, double dip grilled, artichokes to anything on their great wine menu.
2	I went here for the first time, and was definitely way too overdressed. I made reservations ahead of time, but when I arrived at the restaurant, I realized that I probably didn't even need one as there were many empty seats (this was on a Thursday evening). The interior is a bit outdated and dim, and I was sitted next to a large group of women who were LOUD. I could hardly hear my waitress tell me the specials.  I ordered the trout and it was WAAAY tooo salty...and I like salty foods. I could hardly eat it. The only saving grace was the complimentary valet and our very very nice waitress. I don't think I will come here again.
4	Being from the Mooresville area, I was first introduced to 131 Main at their Cornelius location. I was so happy they decided to put one on East Blvd here in Charlotte.My go to meal is the Thai Steak Salad, which like it's name is heavily Asian influenced. The steak is nicely seasoned & in plentiful "chunks" of steak. Also, you can't go wrong with the "double dip" appetizer (tortilla chips & a guacamole & pimento cheese mixture), the cast iron scallops, the cornbread, or, when the have it, the smoked salmon.I've also had the prime rib, roast beef sandwich & the crab cakes before.The ambience is casual & I love that the waiters / waitresses are dressed in all black (classy!) & are knowledgeable about the menu.This place is perfect for friends, dates, groups or families.
4	131 Main is one of those restaurants I never get super excited to eat at-- but know the meal will be good, and I will be leave happy. Surprisingly, my favorite menu item here for lunch is the veggie burger.  It comes with Havarti cheese (which I think is unnecessary)  and glazed in a sweet teriyaki-ish sauce. The patty is red from beets, and has a nice bite from brown rice.  Highly recommended.  The fries here are thin and crisp, the cucumber salad crunchy, savory and sweet. The Thai steak salad is also very good (albeit pretty HUGE and almost overwhelming) Dessert-wise, my friends and I have ordered the banana cream pie, and while it was indeed decadent and yummy, it was presented as a big glob on the plate, with messy drizzle.  Bottom line: think of 151 Main as a much, much nicer, fresher, more creative version of a casual dining chain.
4	Great atmosphere, great food, and none of the snooty hoity-toity class.  This restaurant in so inviting and simply does things right.  I would have loved to give it 5 stars but I jsut wasn't wow'd by my Prime Rib and that made me a little bit bitter... I will explain and please read the whole review.  I really want you to give this place the old college try:Drinks:  Mojito - 5 stars  Absolutely worth it and you should get it.  Service:Knowledgeable.. Kind.. Patient.. An all-around very pleasant process.  Food:  Deviled Eggs - 4 Stars.  I had to order this simply because it isn't something that you see on a menu everyday.  The only reason that I didnt like it was because it was a little heavy on the mayo.. I like more mustard based.  Cold Quinoa Salad - 5 stars.  Now this was gooooood. They diced up some cucumbers and peppers and lightly tossed it nicely with a cilantro lemon based dressing.  Not too strong and very refreshing.Prime Rib Special - 3 Stars.  I've heard so much about so many different things on this menu and I decided to be risky and go off the reservation.  I wasn't very impressed.  Too fatty for my liking and really other people's fish dishes (trout - salmon) more than my steak.  Shot and I missed.  Veggie Burger - 5 Stars.  Ummmmm yeah.  My wife pulls out an order like "veggie burger" at a steak joint... What beautiful fool I thought she was.  Turns out that she thought it was the best non "moo'ing" burger that she has ever had.  Who would have thunk??  Must try next time:  Cornbread (I heard it was delicious)Enjoy!!!  -Ian M.
5	1) Best cornbread ever. Best. BEST. 2) Fantastic service.3) By LA standards, super cheap.
4	Had a beautiful date here. The service was absolutely great, both friendly and informative. They had several specials running, including half priced wine on Sundays. I had the crab-cakes and my date had the special which was a steak and crab-cake pairing, we both loved our dishes. I was able to try the steak which was particularly tasty - and had a nice grilled flavor.  I will say they are not skimpy on portion sizes- so come hungry.I will definitely come back to 131 Main !
5	A friend and I took advantage of the happy hour special...and I have one thing to say: get the cornbread!! Ohmygoodness, the cornbread was sweet with bits of corn and had a little spice (jalapenos??) too. We also had the Double Dip which was delish. It was half price bottle night (wine) but I did not indulge but what a great deal! Our server, a young, bubbly (by not overly!) dark haired curly girl was nice. She had good wine recommendations, simply adores the Double Dip and was attentive. Sorry I don't remember her name but I did not see any other servers that fit the description I gave so you should be able to find her. In addition, the hostess (young African American girl) was supernice...and it was nice to see some diversity in the service staff. When you go, get the cornbread...dare I say it's worth the calories? Yup, it is!
4	I don't think that we had the healthiest meal in the world at 131 Main, but for the most part, it was absolutely wonderful. While visiting Charlotte, we wanted to check out Dilworth from our uptown hotel. The trip was easy and we were greeted by a friendly waitress. The Double Dip app felt like pure indulgence. The guac was totally fresh and I am a sucker for pimento cheese. We got the single portion even though the waitress hinted that we should go for the bigger size. Glad we stuck to single as we couldn't even finish it (well we could have...but not with main courses on the way). I had trouble deciding on a main course and went with the crab cakes. This was the one place where 131 Main let me down. I thought they were a bit dry and too fried on the top. The hubby's main dish (it was a special...don't remember what it was) was very good though. For dessert it was the brownie a la mode which while not the fanciest dessert around, sure hit the spot. Overall, we'd definitely go back to 131 Main.
4	131 Main is a pleasent surprise! It's fresh quality food for decent prices. Their portions are definitely American sized! Everytime I go I ask for the "Couples Menu" It's not really advertised but it is an awesome deal. You get 1 appetizer, 2 salads, 2 entress, 1 dessert, and 1 bottle of wine for $59. AWESOME- I know!! Disclaimer: try not to eat to much before you get this deal since its tons of food. Also, make sure that you eat your appetizer before you start at the wine. I made that mistake and ended up really tipsy... but it could be that I'm a lightweight ;)
4	I've eaten at 2 locations and I have to say both were awesome. Scared that all I'm going to find in NC is fried foods, and unhealthy options  --no way! This place prides itself on providing the freshest ingredients and I have to say it Delivers! Service: Our servers name was Steven. He was awesome, very attentive, gave suggestions on the menu and what wines would pair well with the specials.  Food: Apps: Grilled Artichokes: an interesting take, very good sauce, but prepped w/a little too much oil, still very tasty       Wedge Salad: Extremely fresh tomatoes, perfectly cooked bacon, awesome blue cheese, nice dressing on the side Main Course: We both had the Cod special, it was to die for!! The cod was cooked perfectly, large portion, it came with some type of cous cous salad that was incredible--it had cranberries, some type of legumes and 15 other ingredients, I couldn't stop eating it.   Salmon: I had the salmon at the first restaurant. It was cooked on a cedar board, cooked to perfection, huge piece of fish, side complimented it nicely  Drinks: I had two types of wine: one was organic (never heard of organic wine) so I tried it. Very good Chardonnay, second I had a delicious Malbec, my friend had margaritas which he said were awesome! Strong and nice size glass.
2	This was one of my weekly stops for lunch during the work week.  My standard order would be the wedge with the Thai steak.  The portion use to be huge, the tomatoes were blood red.  Now when I go in I get half the food the tomatoes are so poor they get shifted to the side.  Did they cut the price by half, NOPE.  Eating at 131 is a premium over other restaurants which I don't mind when I get what I pay for.  I have also been pretty disappointed in the amount of time it takes to get the food to the table.  Wonderful atmosphere, but honestly that is where it stops.  Save your money.
5	This place has a left such an impression on my memory and has been deemed one of my favorite restaurants.I love the food here.  I had the cedar plank salmon...hmm hmm good is all I can say.  Try the cornbread...nice compliments of sweet, spice, and flavor!  Great place for a date or eating alone....fantastic service!If you are in Charlotte, this is a must try!
4	We've been to 131 Main three times now so this review is going to combine all of our visits into a giant meatball of information. First of all, we always park in a spot that says "Starbucks customers only" that's across the street. Suck it Starbucks. However, if you don't want to stick it to the man, street parking and valet is available.Also, we've always sat outside on the patio (but the inside is nice). Also, never had any of their appetizers... just went straight for the meat. The entrees we've had are:- Cajun Chicken Pasta - super delish- Roasted Chicken with Smashed Reds - also super delish, loved the smashed reds- the special of the night, which was Prime Rib and I got it with the smashed reds since I loved them so much the first time. The prime rib was cooked to my perfection and it went very well with my glass of Malbec.The desserts we've had:- Brownie a la Mode - warm brownie, with nuts, then more nuts on top and warm (vanilla?) ice cream. One of us really liked it, the other was not so crazy about it.- Banana Cream Pie - this thing is huge. It takes the entire plate. At first sight you think you're never gonna finish it but between the two of us we managed to conquer it. I guess we liked it!Half-price wine on Tuesdays and Sundays. 'Nough said. We give this place 4.5 mains out of 5.
5	It was our wedding anniversary and we had a couple of coupon deals. The first was a for a free appetizer, no purchase necessary, at 131 Main. We'd never been before and everyone raved about their crab cakes. Rightfully so! $50 later we walked out thrilled with our first stop of the evening. The service couldn't have been any more perfect. By the end of the evening we were asking for the dates & times our waiter (Brandon) would be working so we could specifically ask for him. The appetizers, the drinks and the conversations with our waiter, and the manager, were delightful. We were sad we had to leave, but it made for a great start to celebrate our 26th anniversary!
2	Parking is a chore. We arrived before the valet came out so we had to park in a neighborhood a few blocks away (should have read a recent Yelp-er who suggested just parking in the Starbucks lot).Service was attentive, almost overly so. This place employs the tag team waitstaff approach where you get a revolving door of servers, waiters, busboys, etc. You didn't know who was coming next. Personally, I like the one water to a table system. Anyway, Brittany, who was "taking care of us tonight" (God, I hate that expression) must've gotten fired from her last job as a used car salesman, because she tried to sell and upsell on every visit to our table. Enough! If I want another beer, I'll ask. If I want the special, I'll tell you. Dessert?  My choice. Entirely too pushy. The food itself was just OK. I wish I knew I was paying an extra $9 for a single, so-so crabcake. When Brittany described it originally it sounded like it came with the special of one of my fellow patrons. I had the rib eye which was really fatty and not cooked enough (Tip: choose the cheaper by $2 non-marinated version. The soy and something marinade made it too sweet). Another friend's pork chop looked good. On all three plates came a passable mashed potato something, but no other vegetable. At $60 (with tip) per head for salad, entree and two drinks each, 131 Main was certainly not worth the trip.
4	We had heard great things about this spot in Dilworth and decided to try it out! Great dirty martinis and great atmosphere! The $59 dinner special is great! An app, 2 salads, 2 entres, a dessert, and a bottle of wine! What a deal! Service was great!
4	Heard about the "Main Event". $59 per couple (includes a bottle of wine)! That's crazy! Was extremely surprised as to how good the food and service was. Our server (Natalie) gave us some suggestions and had a great personality. We shared the corn bread app, each had a salad. Then I had grilled trout and my guest had the ribeye! Too full... Had to take the banana pie home.  We will go back... Soon!
4	Huge portions. The prix fix special can really feed a family of four. Also comes with a bottle (yes a whole bottle) of decent  wine. We shared the double dip which consisted of guac, cheese dip and salsa. It's really a triple dip. This alone would feed all of us. The guac is rustic with nice fresh chunks of avocado. Not a fan of the cheese dip but the salsa was nice and zesty. I had the seared ahi tuna salad which was delicious. I like my seafood served with a nice amount of acid and the dressing definitely delivered. My family had the grilled trout, the cedar plank salmon and the ribeye. The trout had a nice char, the salmon was nice and moist ( a little undercooked) but I like it that way. The ribeye was salty but tender. We also shared a huge slice of key lime pie at the end. Great food, service and bang for your buck. I was pleasantly surprised.
2	Wow what has happened to this place? They were great the last 3 times I was there. Tonight we had a mannequin for a waiter. They should have placed a device inside the poor guy and saved some money on a real waiter. Did I say it was a birthday?? Hello what about a cheap Happy Birthday or a lousy piece of cake for my girl?? The place was empty and I guess I know why now. The fish tasted like the grill had not been cleaned since before Christmas. Too Bad
4	OK- I am giving them 4 stars because I like the artichoke appetizer that much. It is absolutely delicious. The menu is very boring. The rest of the food doesn't inspire me.The artichoke appetizer is to die for. With a bottle of white wine. Heaven.
3	I wish I could give half stars because I like this place alot, just dont think its that inventive.  Excellent well made food.  Loved the ahi tuna and if you are a grilled artichoke person you will love this yummy garlicky version.  Good solid dishes- to the restaurant though- have a few really inventive dishes to surprise people with and you could go straight to 5 star!  Cozy elegant atmoshere that is not too formal and not so nice as you feel bad bringing kids.  I gotta go, writing this has made me want to go back and get the grilled artichoke...
4	First time here, and a shout out to my Yelp buddy Nicole who said that we'd like this place. Well, she was RIGHT! Went here with wife and a friend at work, and we really enjoyed it here! I had the Ribeye which was marinated in a sweet soy sauce. That made the carmelization of my steak fantastic, and I love each and every bite! My wife had the prime rib special, and she said that she really liked it. Our friends had the Double Pork Chop (ridiculously large and tasty) and the special sea bass. Both really loved their dishes.As an appetizer, I had their special artichoke/mushroom cream soup, which was lovely. Just a tad too thick, but the taste was very yummy. Our friends had the spinach dip, and that was good too. Just for grins and giggles, I ordered the deviled eggs. Now this is something that you just don't see on many menus, so we ordered the smaller portion, and boy was it ever good!To top it off, we all split the banana creme pie, and that was really, really good.Oh, and we got a $24 bottle of Cab from Paso Robles, CA, and we LOVED it! I'm a true wine lover, collector, and former wine judge, and this was a REALLY good bottle of wine, all for $24! GREAT deal.All in all, this restaurant simply BLOWS AWAY Firebirds! Comparable ONLY in menu, but 131 Main is FAR, FAR superior!
4	I had been sick for over a week, stuck in the house, sleeping for days, and my mom calls to invite me out to lunch. I'm thinking something quick and casual, McAlister's perhaps? Not my mom's style. So off to 131 we go! I'm not going to lie, I voiced my objections: too fancy, overpriced, stuffy crowd, uppity waitstaff, but boy was I wrong! We were greeted warmly, seated promptly, and the atmosphere was delightful. We ordered Earl Grey Tea which came in an absolutely adorable presentation (I'll post a pic right after this!) It was delicious and served with sugar and honey. I got a french dip, as anyone who knows me will tell you is my default dish when nothing else catches my eye. The fact that nothing else caught my eye is the only reason I give four stars instead of five. I love seeing surprising ingredients in a well-known dish or an unexpected menu item. Despite that small hiccup however, the food was phenomenal. The meat was lean and tender, the bread was fresh, the au jus mouth-watering and not too salty as it sometimes can be. The atmosphere was the best part. I completely expected to feel out-of-place having been sick and mopey, but the warm tones, intimate lighting, and casual diners made me feel comfortable and welcome. The waitstaff was attentive and pleasant, and the prices were reasonable for an upscale restaurant. All in all, I am definitely a fan.
3	Having visit the other location before I stopped in here recently expecting nothing but similar goodness!  Can't say that happened, but all in all it was fine. Not really sure how to describe the service other than to say it was just off.  Took entirely too long to get a beer and I will add that there was one beer put on the houses tab for the trouble I had.  I like it when an establishment knows how to correct issues.  Offer FREE stuff.  That's it.  The meal was great, I had the Mahi dish and it was uber buttery and oh so good.  The girlfriend had some sort of Thai salad and it was fantastic and gave me meal envy for sure.This is a nice romantic spot to take a date and the outdoor area for dining sports a cool fireplace if that strikes your fancy as well.
5	Miss you, 131 Main!  Please reopen soon!
5	131 Main is outstanding!  The food is always fantastic, the wait staff is wonderful and they have a great selection of wine!  Tuesday night they have 1/2 price for a bottle of wine and Sun-Thu $5 appetizers.  I LOVE this place!!
4	131 Main. Where do I start? It's New Years Eve. I call to make a rez...late I know. Of course 131 is completely booked! Totally understand and was expecting them to be. I'm so excited for them to be re-opened! I considered myself to be a "regular" at this place. Nothing on the menu that I don't love! Anyway, it's New Years Eve around 7pm my friends are in from out of town and actually beat me to the restaurant. So, I told them to put our name on the list because I couldn't make a rez earlier. I knew I was running late and it was too late for me to call ahead since they were already there. I get there about 30 mins after speaking with my friends. They were told about 45 miutes for the wait. This was close to 8 o'clock. Of course when I get there the waiting area is full of people, so we continue to wait. Names are being called, people from the bar are being seated, and we continue to wait. More names are called...more names are called...and more names are called. There were two women calling names for guests. One walked around calling names to make sure all guests are seated. We must have gone to speak with one of the two women at least three times. Once we were told our table was being cleared. The next time "about 20 more minutes". It's about 9:30pm at this time and the waiting area is almost clear. By now I'm completely embarassed for having out of town guests come to the restaurant that I have suggested and we're waiting this long. So, the last time that we check with the women working the books, they tell us some other group took our table. Imagine our suprise. We never heard our name called. No one walked around looking for us. I would assume that when you're going to "steal" someone else's table, you might wait to see if they're still in the restaurant at least. Or wait till the name is called a few times. We could clearly see our name in the book with a time next to it. Of course I wanted to take my friends somewhere else, knowing it would be just as crowded. The waiting area is completely clear, it's 10 o'clock and we're just being seated. 131 closes at 10pm. Talk about pissed. 131 should praise George, who I'm assuming is a GM. He offered us a bottle of champagne for our troubles. Then our first waitress comes over and suggest that we get a "half-priced bottle of wine". Excusse me?! George came back with the champagne and everything was okay for the moment. A different waitor came back and we ordered our two free apps. Skillet cornbread and the crab dip. Both very good. Another waitress comes to take our order. I happen to adore the fries here, so I order some as I always did. Waitress: "we're out of fries". Okay. I procede to order the scallops that I saw on the online menu. No scallops. One of my guests orders the roasted chicken. Waitress: "we're out of chicken". I'm distraught and pissed all over again. We order. George comes back to check on us (who is very entertaining), so I let him know that they are out of a few things. He says they're not. A young lady at the table next to us has a plate of fries. she couldn't have possibly bought the very last frie in the restaurant. George says the owner was there and the fries they had were too thick and he didn't want to serve them. We ended up with 4 orders of fries and they were all skinny like they are normally. Whats the problem? I know waitresses and waitors don't cook the food. What was wrong with double checking to make sure? She didn't have to go back there and cook. George also lets my friend know they have chicken, which our waitress also said they were out of. All I can say is thank you George for your great service. Everyone else needs to get it together. There's no way we were going to believe that "some other group stole your table" story. Please! I think thats called nonfeasance. I love this place. George, and George only, will make me a repeat customer after that.
4	These guys had a fire, so totally re-vamped the place. It has very dim lighting/ romantic lighting. Throw in a few bottles of wine and an amazing key lime pie --- ummm, I'm sold!They have this great deal for two... I believe its any night, but we went on Sunday. 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 dessert (dessert should always be shared). $65 or something crazy for two.
3	Good food- multiple visits
2	I hope to update this review soon, but it wasn't a good experience on my first review.I'm a huge fan of the 131 Main chain, but this was not good.  While we were in Huntersville, we were regulars at the restaurant.  We made reservations via OpenTable for 7:45 on a cold Saturday night.  We arrived five minutes early and were informed that their reservations are running around a 40 minute wait.  What is the point of having reservations if you can't run your service to accommodate them?  There are plenty of restaurants in Charlotte that don't offer reservations because of this very point.  As a result of this, we were in fact late for the event we were to attend following.After we were finally seated an hour later, we were the very first table by the door and it was extremely cold.  That's hard for a restaurant to overcome but it just wasnt' fun being cold the entire evening after having to wait so long to be seated.  We initally ordered wine and water.  The Pinot Noir arrived extremely cold, as a white wine would.  To those wondering, I'm fully aware that red is to have a slight chill to it but this was very cold.  We also had to remind the server for the water as the food arrived.As always with the other locations, the food was fantastic.  My wife had the trout which was grilled perfectly and so fresh.  I had the Thai Steak salad which was also wonderful.  We ended up just corking the wine and drinking it later that night after it warmed up.  Being Dilworth residents, we'll definitely be back and in hopes of a better experience!
5	The restaurant has been completely redone after a major fire last year.  The environment is warmed by the wood surrounding accents.  I really liked the ambiance even the darkness because the table lighting was adequate to read the menu.  We visited during restaurant week and both selected items from the special menu.  It included a glass of wine, appetizer, entree, and dessert.  Adding a bottle of wine (half off) and extra items, believe me, the $30 per person restaurant meal was long gone.  I enjoyed the salmon and the kale was seasoned to perfection!  I never knew kale could be so tasty.  I am going to try seasoning it a great deal at home (see photos).  Overall, it was a pleasant dinner and service by Zack was excellent.  I look forward to another visit to this 131 Main location (there is another location in Cornelius).
2	My first question...What happened to the standards of 131 Main?  This was our first visit back since the reopening.  Stopped in January 26, 2013 and the place was packed.  Great sign that everyone is happy the restaurant is back!  My wife and I grabbed a seat at the bar because we did not have a reservation this night.  Bartender was amazing, quickly noticed us and came by to take our drink order. She then gave us menus and told us we could eat at the bar.  Alright, time to order...Deviled Eggs to start, the Roast Beef sandwich(which had always been amazing), a Veggie burger, and two iced teas.  Deviled eggs came first and the filling was a bit sweet for my wife but I quickly finished them off.  Then the entrees...Veggie burger looked like a raw meat patty due to the beets.  With the low lighting in the restaurant, I have to say...even I was a bit disgusted by the look of this thing.  Maybe just a preference but worth mentioning.  Bartender quickly told us that Vegetarians like to feel like they are eating real meat.  I was a bit puzzled by this response but neither one of us being a Vegetarian, just nodded our heads.  The bun of this beet patty was as hard as a rock to the point of being able to pick up the entire burger simply by inserting a fork in the lower bun and lifting up.  Side of broccoli flavors were ok but cold and only 4 florets.  Now on to the Roast Beef sandwich I had been waiting for...I believe its the "Awesome" Roast Beef sandwich.  It used to be.  One bite and the entire sandwich was cold.  Bread was cold and soggy enough to hold my fingerprint and just fell apart.  Portion of Roast Beef has definitely been decreased.  I received the same cold 4 broccoli florets.  When I asked the server if the entire sandwich was supposed to be cold, I was told yes.  "It is rare roast beef."  Again, puzzled by the response so I just left the sandwich and cut my losses.  My wife did let the bartender know about the quality of the vegetarian burger and she promptly removed it from the bill.  I was just looking to get out of there as fast as possible and pick up something else on the way home.  It's a shame because I used to love this restaurant.
2	Overpriced average food.  Great space and location but it missed mark again.  I had special which was mahi mahi.  It was a 5 oz filet they probably got from teeter for $6.  It came with steamed broccoli , about 1/4 of a cup max.  No starch.  The fish had no seasoning and was pan seared.  It's what any bad home cook would have done but less food.  It was $28!   Seriously?  I want to like this place but its mediocre food with a Dilworth premium.  Wine prices are good and artichoke app is excellent but a little oily.  Would go to bar again but after 3 tries to like restaurant , I'm done.
4	Very high quality food here.  I had a couple of Vodka Soda Waters here and let me tell you they aren't cheap with their drinks!  Our table ordered the Deviled Eggs (which were great but nothing terribly shockingly out of the ordinary with them), Scallops, and Smoked Salmon for appetizers.  I would highly recommend the Scallops and Smoked Salmon.  For the Entree, I ordered the Surf and Turf special which was the Filet and Scallops.  MMmmmmm they were to die for! I think the next time I go, I will definitely order the Pork Chops or the Ribs.
2	I've stopped in for lunch twice on Saturdays recently. Having eaten at the one on Rea Rd multiple times, I was excited this one had finally reopened. My excitement was short lived. I waited 20 minutes for a shrimp Caesar salad the first time and the place was virtually empty. The shrimp was over cooked and tough. The second time the food was okay but staff was extremely unfriendly. A bus boy even took our plates from the table and walked off with them while we were STILL EATING. I won't be in a hurry to go back.
5	We went here for dinner twice.  It has a nice atmosphere and overall we had a great food, drink, and service experience.  This will be a new staple for me.Food:Please do yourself a favor and order the Cast Iron Cornbread...just do it.  No butter/honey needed.  It is more like a dessert, but if you just order this and a couple of drinks, you would be satisfied with your experience.For dinner we had the Filet Medallions (good as expected) and the Slow Roasted Chicken.  The Slow Roasted Chicken was great.  The glaze on it was delicious and was my favorite entree.Dessert was not a disappointment either.  The PB Pie was massive and just had tons of good stuff going on in it.  PB, whipped cream, chocolate, etc.Drinks:All the drinks were good, but the mojito was memorable for me.  Tastes great and is stronger than expected.Service:We have had great servers/service both time.  Completely satsfied.
3	I had lunch at this restaurant.  The roast beef sandwich was good.  The other people at my table had the Thai salad and they really enjoyed that.  It was huge.  Another person in the group had the Mahi and liked it.  The staff was attentive and nice.  I recommend that you check it out.  It was not cheap though.
5	I absolutely love this place.  I had been there once or twice before the infamous fire that shut this famed Charlotte gem down, and was definitely anticipating its return as I often drive by there.  My most recent trip found me at 131 Main for my graduation celebration - nothing crazy, just a few family members for a light "lunner" after the graduation ceremony at UNCC.  Per my two most recent visits to 131, I went with the crab cakes.  I don't know what it is, but I was having crab cake withdrawal lately and 131 was the perfect spot to scratch that itch...  Our server was extremely patient, cool, relaxed, understanding, etc, as my family strolled in late, and at various times.  Nonetheless, she was patient and accommodating to all that were there.  She was very flexible and accommodated my family's weird requests.  I love the new 131 since its reopening.  I will say, I am not a fan of the new, low, bar ceiling.  It feels tight in and around the bar area because the ceiling is so low.  Otherwise, this reincarnation of 131 Main packs all the service, great tasting food, and ambiance as the original.....Oh and the crab cakes were orgasmic - sex for your taste-buds...
3	I tried 131 Main a few weeks ago and had mixed emotions about it. For starters we tried the corn bread. It was good....I am scared to imagine the fat and calorie content of this dessert-like appetizer, but nevertheless it was good.  Very rich, but good. For dinner I ordered chicken with a rice dish instead of the potatoes. The chicken was good but I found it to be incredibly salty. I like well seasoned food, but this was extraordinarily salty to me. The rice was delicious. I believe it had cilantro in it.  It was very tasty.  The chicken portion was too much for me to finish. I'd rather have been offered a smaller piece of chicken and a salad or green vegetable to complete my meal instead of a huge piece of chicken with just one side. I took the rest of the chicken home but decided it was too salty to eat again and so I threw it away.I MIGHT try this place again in the future...but only if I am in the mood for just a good meal at a steep price.
4	I've read some of the reviews and I thought it was high time to weigh-in (seeing that I've eaten here several times and never reviewed)! Let's be straight with each other; I love this place!  Every time I've gone, the food and service is consistently good.   I also love the vibe. 131 is intimate and cozy, but also good for groups.  Great for birthdays and dates, which I've been to both at 131 Main! 131 Main offers great 'Americana' food.  Basically, your homestlye meals given classy makeover.  The portions are big (easily big enough to share). In my opinion, the best dish at 131 Main is the Cast Iron Cornbread.  Its sweet, salty and just plain scrumptious! AND its massive-- easily able to be split at a table of four.  I also really enjoyed the meatloaf and salmon entrees. If you are looking for somewhere to go on date night or even for a girls night out, I think 131 Main in Dilworth is a wise choice.
5	Six of us had dinner last night before going to the theater, so we went early.Restaurant seems to be very dark and intimate; however, the lighting at the table was adequate and pleasant.  Wait staff was very helpful with our choices for dinner since we are all seniors and like to share a salad and an entre.  Portions were perfect and everyone enjoyed their meal.  We shared the porkchops, salmon, and crab cakes and all were prepared with excellent sauces.  Would definitely return in the future.
5	Went here for my birthday dinner and loved it! We were graciously greeted and seated by the attentive hostesses to start off our experience. For dinner we did their 'Main Event', a $69 dinner for two: a bottle of red or white house wine, 2 salads or soups, one appetizer, 2 entrees and a dessert. You can't choose from anything on the menu (there are designated items) but its a great deal! We started with the Cast Iron Cornbread and it was delicious. My husband got a caesar salad and I got their soup of the day. For entrees we got the Shrimp and Grits (soooo yummy) and the Marinated Prime Rib with smashed potatoes. And lastly, for dessert we got a massive piece of house-made key lime pie with the whipped cream on the side. Everything was great and we'll definitely be back! Julie was our server and she was fantastic; she was very friendly, energetic, attentive and gave great recommendations.
3	Update, my boyfriend and I came here for dinner several weeks ago. He ordered the meatloaf and I got the shrimp and grits. The food took a little while, but they were pretty business as this was a weekend night. Out server was friendly and on point. And both of our meals were fantastic. I haven't been back for lunch, but I will definitely come back for dinner (and order the meatloaf this time).
2	We went here for Restaurant Week, family of 5. They have so many TV commercials that the restaurant name stuck in my head. This was my first time at this restaurant and actually eating around the East Blvd. locals.  They have free parking, which was nice compared to some Uptown locations only minutes away. We went immediately after church, around 1pm, and the restaurant wasn't close to being crowded, at all. Regarding the food, they had a variety of Restaurant Week choices. Since we had 3 adults eating, we ordered a variety.  The Mushroom / Artichoke Soup was tasty with the first bite, but by the end, it tasted very bland (almost like a gravy instead of a soup). They have a dipping cheese combo which included a really yummy guacamole.  Entrees included Salmon and Ribeye.  Both were okay. Not the best I've had, but not the worst either.  Dessert included Strawberry Shortcake, Brownie A La Mode, and Key Lime Pie. Now I usually like all of these, but the best part of all three would be the ice cream and strawberries.  The Key Lime Pie was not too bad, but nothing extra. Something different was the fact that the Strawberry Shortcake was made with a biscuit instead of cake, which kind of took away from your traditional thought of what a strawberry shortcake tastes like. Oh, and I can't forget the wine as part of the Restaurant Week menu. Probably the best for me. Overall, location, parking, and wine were my highlights.
3	131 Main is a good choice for lunch among many impressive restaurants in the East Blvd area.  On an afternoon this week, they were surprisingly quite slow and we were greeted by excellent service and a quality, yet semi-quick meal.  It was a bit awkward when we first sat down to the business lunch and the lighting was so dark that it was more appropriate for a romantic evening.  I opted for the fish tacos and switched out the beans and rice for the side of kale salad.  The tacos were good, yet average for the fish variety.  The slaw was underseasoned and the salsa served on the side looked and tasted just like the supermarket out-of-a-can variety.  The kale salad, on the other hand, is well developed with the perfect combination of fresh kale, parmesean cheese, and a few scattered bread crumbs.  If you're vegetarian, request the vegetable plate (not listed on the menu).  I am most impressed by their selection of side items (kale, purple cabbage, slaw, cucumber salad, quinoa, wild rice, and gazpacho).
5	This place is ALWAYS consistently good.  The food is excellent, the staff friendly, and the atmosphere is perfect regardless of the occasion.   I've brought business associates here for quite meals and celebrations.   I routinely use this restaurant for birthday celebrations -- and you can't beat it for a weekend dinner with friends or just the first lady.   The vodka tonics are among the best you'll ever find -- tonic is ALWAYS fresh which is not the case in most restaurants.  Favorites for us include:  Crab cake meal or crab cake salad, the Awesome Roast Beef or any of the seafood specials.   Ask for Julie McFeely to be your server.   We met her about a year ago and she always takes incredible care of us -- but we've never had a bad server so you can't go wrong.    Enjoy.   This is best restaurant on East Blvd.
4	Good food!  Excellent personable service. Owner and family great. They just got ability to serve beer and wine. Totally recommend it. If we lived nearby would get take out too regularly!
2	I was thoroughly unimpressed with my dining experience here on a recent Saturday night. Luckily (or unluckily), getting a reservation for two on short notice was easy peasy, but then mediocrity ensued. Our waitress was very busy not attending to us. We saw her maybe every 20 minutes, and we were in and out in about 45 minutes - you do the math. I could see the place was pretty packed with some tables of larger parties, but considering the price tag of our meal, I was expecting a bit more in terms of service and experience.Next, the food. I respect that 131 Main seems to focus their menu on seasonal produce, and makes an effort to come up with creative spins on traditional American dishes. But what was actually served was not very exciting. My date got meatloaf and I had the crab cake salad. His meatloaf tasted like it came from a cafeteria. My salad was fresh, and the lump crab was generous, but the mustard sauce on the side was overpowering and heavily mayonaissed. Didn't quite go with the rest of my light and delicate plate.I liked the dim, romantic atmosphere here, but probably won't be going back.
4	I am new to Charlotte and this has quickly become one of my go-to restaurants. The food is consistently good. Our servers have never been particularly friendly, but they are generally quick and relatively attentive. I love the veggie burger while the bf enjoys the cajun penne. The double dip is meh. As others have said, they can get pretty busy on the weekends, so definitely make a reservation. The fire pit outside is a nice touch as is the back entrance/ exit via Cu Copper (the bar behind 131 Main) for rainy days.
4	131 Main is a great spot for a business lunch or a dinner date. Starting with the cornbread is a must. It comes in a skillet with a bottle of honey. It is pretty sweet and probably would make a great dessert too. With clients recently half the table of 8 got the fish tacos and all were very happy. At lunch I have a hard time ordering anything but the Ahi Tuna Salad or Thai Steak Salad. Both are great lunch portions and very fresh. As the menu says they don't even own a freezer here, everything is fresh.
5	131 Main - East Blvd, Charlotte NC -I am sorry, but I just have to give 131 Main a 5 star in Dilworth. Honestly,  I have been in the F&B industry for 2 decades. These guys understand personal attention. From their Manager, Billy, to our Server, Nick, they all made our visit special. I brought my wife on our 11th Anniversary this past week and was greeted with a complimentary bottle of Champagne. My wife had the fish special, and I had the Prime Rib. Perfectly cooked, perfect marbling. Her fish was also cooked to perfection. Don't forget to order their cornbread, you will understand when you do. Our server Nick was very attentive as well as the rest of the staff with clearing any dirty dishes at once/full glasses, etc. We were also surprised that we were presented with an array of complimentary desserts to finish up our evening. Thank you 131 Main and the staff for making our evening special. Both my wife and I have had trouble determining which of your Charlotte locations are better, and we both feel we will have to visit them again soon to decide!! They will remain our "go to location" for evenings out. Their menu has so much to offer, you wont be disappointed! (For you professionals, I was very impressed with a side meeting room and private bar this location had to offer. Please consider 131 Main when you make your next business meeting.)Jeff LeVine - Thank you again guys and see you soon!Reasons for 5 star?Great service, Personal attention, Management Visit, Good Pricing for the excellent quality of food, Quick service, Greeted properly upon arrival for reservation, and I could go on!
5	We were visiting Charlotte for the evening. We checked the seasonal menu and decided this was the place to go. We did the dinner for two for $69 and couldn't have had a better experience!  We started with the amazing cornbread, then salads and then the Ribeye steak marinated in sweet soy and pineapple. We also received a free dessert with the deal and loved the banana cream pie. Everything exceeded our expectations.  We even asked the server for a recommendation on a bar to go to afterwards and she gave us three!   We will be back to this place next time we visit that is for sure.
5	131 Main...I love the smell of this place, the smoky wood fire grill smell makes my mouth water! I have been to both of the restaurants, Blakney and the the one here on East Blvd. My most recent trip was to the East Blvd location and it was fantastic. First we were greeted by a most knowledgeable waiter. He talked to us about wine, and about a lot of the special and different sides on the menu. They have a terrific deal for two people its 69.95, for that you get;  One appetizer, two soups or two salads, two entrees, a bottle of wine and one dessert. You are limited but not  really to the starred items but can upgrade for a small charge to another choice if you prefer. We ordered our own choice of wine so the dinner for two was 59.95 and  Our Wine was separate. The Grilled Artichokes were our appetizer..so delicious and you can taste the hickory wood and grilling in every bite, served with a garlic aioli ! Then we decided ( at the waiters suggestion) to go with the Kale salad..it was incredible. Finely chopped kale with a lemon and parmesan  cheese dressing that  was so tasty!! My usual appetizer is the Smoked Salmon that they smoke fresh every day, but I had never had the entree of the Salmon which  is Cedar planked and served with a Cold Wild Rice Salad.. We were moaning..it was that good!! It melted in your mouth, the Cedar and the Hickory flavors were so deep and delicious! The Wild Rice salad was wonderful, a new tasty way to serve a incredibly good rice! The portion size was large enough to even take home  some of the salmon and the wild rice. For dessert we opted to go with the Banana Creme Pie ---which is like a cloud of whipped cream and bananas and chocolate and just heaven!  I am usually a "Ethnic Eater" but I am telling you there is No beating this American Fare...It is truly a Five Star Restaurant!!
4	I eat here regularly and I enjoy the food. Simple. Consistent. Tasty. However, it annoys me that this place is always A) catching on fire and B) catching things near it on fire. This is probably heightened by the fact I live in the building above the restaurant, but come on? Fish tacos are good. Love the metropolis salad. Hate the smell of smoke and fear in the back of my mind that my dog is dead.
1	Terrible, terrible service .  Mediocre food (except the smoker salmon--delicious...but definitely not worth putting up with the awful service.
2	I can see how this place would be trendy. Since their fire/car accident incident(s) they seemed to have cleaned the place up. (Was looking a little shabby for a bit there.) The service has never been great - and we can never tell who our server is. They seem to do a "team" service type of thing, but it's flawed as they don't seem to communicate that well with each other, and they hardly ever smile. Definitely a scripted service routine, which is strange.The food is actually not too bad. Priced right and tasty. Not original, by any means, but tasty. And I truly wish they could cook a steak - although that seems to be a Charlotte-wide issue. (Have only found one restaurant that understands what "rare" means.)Will go back, but won't go out of my way to. Not one of those, "Oh, you HAVE to go to..." places.
4	I really like this place. My husband and I went for Easter brunch and the food and service was great. I love the dipping trio appetizer! They have a great selection of entree salads. I like their dinner and brunch entrees as well. I've been for dinner numerous times. They have a good wine list as well. I've never been disappointed with the food!
1	Had bad experience here. Bad servers. Come here for a friend birthday party, and no servers took care of us. And we got a large group of people too. So disappointment.
5	We've eaten at the location in Cornelius and this is our first time at this location. Still too notch. The ribs are some of the best ribs I've had and the strawberry short cake is amazing! Not very crowded. Complementary valet parking. Service is fantastic. Nick even offered to take the valet ticket for me when it began pouring rain.
5	Once again, Perfect and delicious!! Stopped by after a birthday party at the Common Market.  Ordered three appetizers, Cornbread, Grilled Artichokes, and Smoked Salmon. The Service was fast and spot on - Our Waitress Angelina was outstanding. It never ceases to amaze me that what ever time you come it is perfect. Our drinks were refilled without even asking and it was candle lit and cool. I cannot say enough about this place --Quality is their name!!
4	Beautiful menu, had a hard time deciding! Went with the grilled salmon, did not dissapoint. Also recommend the Ahi Tuna appetizer. Great place to take parents visiting from out of town. We were there for about 3 hours and didn't feel rushed or hurried by staff.
2	We go out to eat every night. Boyfriend had pork chop and I had deviled eggs and grilled artichokes. He said his chop was mostly fat. I actually had to go to the restroom and got sick. I think it was the eggs or artichoke white cream sauce. Ambiance was super cool and loved it. Was hoping food could be better. Was average food for $70. They gave boyfriend a diet coke in a plastic bottle      :(Weird
4	Good diverse menu, great seafood options which seems to be a little harder to find in Charlotte. Fish is always fresh, some of the portions are a little large. Shrimp and grits were solid. Ahi tuna salad was great, just a little light on the Ahi and heavy on the salad. Have only had dinner 2x, not sure about lunch. Ambiance is good, dimly lit lot of dark colors and woods. Centrally located right on East Blvd in Dilworth but you'll need to valet to get a spot on the weekends
5	I am very impressed! After our last visit, I received an email from the owner and a phone call from the General Manager about our visit due to my recent review here on Yelp.  They have invited us back in for another chance, at their cost, and are very interested in keeping their restaurant above reproach.  I have never had a restaurant contact me about a review before and this shows me that they are on the ball and want their customers to have an impeccable experience.  I look forward to returning and sharing good news.  I highly recommend checking out this restaurant. They obviously care a great deal about their customers and it shows. :)
5	Outstanding fire pit grilled tenderloin steak. Everything is brought in fresh daily and made daily including the fresh juices for their margaritas. Also one of the best wine lists for the value.Finish your dinner with their in-house made-from-scratch key lime pie. Make it easy on yourself and use their valet service on corner of East Blvd and Scott Blvd.
4	We love this spot.  Good beer and wine to start and solid food.  The brunch is great, but not OTT.  The layout of the restaurant in an old Dilworth house is better downstairs than up, but the staff do a great job being attentive.  They have a true French rose on the menu which is a plus in my book.  Good execution all around.,
5	Went here for our anniversary. It was a great choice. The look and feel of the place is really nice, and the food was amazing. We had the cornbread appetizer, which is a completely different take on a southern classic. Very tasty. For the main course, we had the pork chop and smashed red potatoes. I didn't realize that pork chops came in that size (they were the largest I'd ever seen). They were well spiced, juicy, and delicious.
3	I went here with my girlfriends at their suggestion and it was so dark I could barely see their faces, which I hadn't seen in a few months, so it wasn't off to a great start.  The appetizer we ordered was tasty with chips/salsa/fresh guacamole/pimento cheese, but everything was pretty pricey.  I can't tell you the last time I paid $12 for chips and dip...  I ordered the veggie burger and it was average, the quinoa salad was bland, and the grilled asparagus was overly salted.  Our waitress was pretty bad too - she would just stand there as we were in mid conversation and it felt like we were a bother for hanging out.  Overall, I was disappointed with the atmosphere, service, and prices for average food.  It did look like there were some tasty entrees so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing?  Still, the lights just made you feel like you were in the Abercrombie and Fitch restaurant.  Get some LEDs up in there, friends!
