5	What a nice surprise! A tasty selection of wine and small plates in an airport. The space is beautiful and the hummus and smoked salmon plates were excellent. Smooth jazz playing and a nice selection of wines. Very reasonable prices.
5	"Khristen was very friendly and made aborting layover into a tasty and fun treat. Only problem is there isn't one in Columbus, OH. Great place."
5	Wow. This place is amazing. I can honestly say this was one of the best most joyful meal I've had in a while. I had the melon and proscutto with a fig balsamic glaze topped with fresh parmesano reggiano and mint oil. followed by an open roasted chicken sandwich with fresh peppers, dry aged vella jack, arugala, avacado crema, on artisan bread. I have to admit I wasn't fully excited about the truffles, tasted like they might have been made fresh then frozen, but that won't hinder my rating. The appetizer and main course was so damn good I have no complaints. I would come here if I was at the airport or just passing through it was that good. Compliments to the chef and staff were super great. I'll be back I'm sure.
4	Given the typical airport food joints, Beaudevin is a breath of fresh air in the midst of CLT's chaos. Great place to spend some time in between flights. Wine list is pretty good and the small plates are perfect pairings.
4	Unfortunately if you're looking for a place to work in the food court area, good luck. The outlets in the poles have been disabled, so there's no electricity. With that said, this restaurant has outlets, and per my request, I was seated at a table next to one. Since I had a 2.5-hour layover, I had plenty of time to get some work done.I really liked this place. The service was excellent. When I explained to the waitress I had a long layover during which I would work on my laptop, she immediately understood and only came around to refill my water. Sometimes at a restaurant I am bothered too much by staff, but this was thankfully not the case at Beaudevin.Best of all, the Scottish Salmon open-faced sandwich ($15.70 including tax) was delicious! At first glance, you would think that perhaps it's not enough food, but I struggled to eat the second half! The salmon was fresh, the herbs were just right, and the bread (raisin bread?) had enough sweetness to give more flavor. All of the flavors were balanced, and I really liked it. The presentation was remarkable (see photo), and I think all restaurants should strive to be like this, regardless if in an airport or not!The food, great service, and the calming atmosphere in a chaotic place was wonderful. I would definitely come here again!
4	Excellent wine by the glass. Cheese and meat platters delicious !
5	Exactly what I needed - a great oasis in CLT.  After the frustration of being stuck in CLT overnight, I went to the airport Sunday morning (yes in the same clothes as the day before) and went to have breakfast.  I saw a place that I never noticed before, looked at the menu, and yes, they had me at prosciutto scramble.   Well you know what I ordered...and it was fabulous  (The service was great as well)!  The very flavorful scramble was served on supremely buttery and flaky mini croissants; This was a great start to the day.   The location looks awesome for lunch or dinner, the ambiance is clean and modern, the food choices look interesting and the wines / drinks look like they would be great as well.  (It made me excited enough to even drink wine :D).    As a somewhat frequent flyer through the Charlotte Airport, I will be back at "the beauty of wine" again.
5	This is, in my opinion, the best restaurant in the Charlotte airport. They have a delicious selection of small dishes, mostly meats and cheeses, and a very good breakfast menu. The atmosphere is pleasant, the location is perfect (in the main terminal), and the service is always very attentive. My favorite dishes are the charcuterie plate and the baguettes with goat cheese and tomato spread... both are awesome. BOTTOM LINE: Best dining option in CLT.
4	What a refreshing interior, I did not have time to try the food but enjoyed a glass of excellent wine served by professional staff. Will look forward to next layover, hope they get some more exotic wine pours in the future.
4	This place had really tasty small dishes. And I'm not judging that on a scale of "airport food." I mean these were legitimately tasty, not just I will shove something in my face and dash for the next plane good.I had a goat cheese bruschetta, and my mom had the olive and baguette plate. Not sure that is what they are on the menu... but that was roughly what was on the plates. Tasty goodnes.I had a red wine as did my mom. I believe it was a red blend from Biltmore. It hit the spot. Thanks for having this swanky little spot in your airport! Hit the spot just right before my flight out!
5	Good wine selection, great cheese plate, charcuterie plate wasn't bad. Its as good as you will find in most any airport.
3	Should be a 3.5 Star rating.In my second life I am going to open an airport restaurant.  As a frequent traveler I am always disappointed with Airport food offerings (hometown Austin airport is among the worst).  However, there is a new breed of Airport restaurants slowly becoming available.If Beaudevin was located outside the airport I would probably give it a three star rating, but while in the airport it is an escape from the surrounding madness.  Offering wine by the glass (at a great value), small plates, coffee, in a quiet, clean, and friendly environment; Beaudevin is far and away the best option while in the Charlotte airport. After surviving TSA, another delayed flight, or just the typical maniacs, do yourself a favor and grab a seat at Beaudevin.
2	Totally mainstream wine list. Nothing interesting even though the menu has sections like "Interesting Reds" & "Interesting Whites". There was nothing on the list that you would not find in your average wine store. Largest flight pours I have come across. I want to taste not guzzle. Add to that the price and I know who Beaudevin is trying to emulate but they have a long way to go.
4	Thank god. After the Yadkin Valley wine bar at CLT got swept away by "all the brands you love!" (no), this airport became far less interesting. But Beaudevin brings some of that goodness back. The focus is not local, but then again, that's probably a good business decision since you need to play into a much wider market than wine geeks. The food is decent, the service is great, and the wine options were interesting.
5	While scoping out all the cafeteria- line style food vendors and passing on all of their artery-clogging options, I stumbled across Beaudevin.  So glad I did.  But giving up wine for Lent and sitting in this place is like forcing a crack addict to sit in a crack house... Anyway, got the Spinach salad with grilled chicken.  Simply delicious.  Nice layers of egg, bacon, red onion, Pt. Reyes blue cheese, and tossed with olive oil.  Yum.  This place is truly an oasis on the airport food scene.  But wait there's more... They have individual I Pads at the bar that you can freely use.  And there are electrical outlets under the bar to keep your devices going strong.  Bravo.
4	While connecting at CLT I did not see any "fast food" options I wanted.  I had the Scottish Smoked Salmon and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  The smoked salmon was good, I ordered mine without capers. If you have a few minutes before or after a flight to sit down and enjoy good food and libations, this is the place in CLT.
4	This is one of the two really good restaurants at the Charlotte airport. The other is a burger place. Yep, it's a wine bar and so that's a lot of their focus. But before 11:00 AM, they have a really decent breakfast that you shouldn't miss, as long as you have some time.Comfortable seating area that's recessed from the atrium (which runs between Concourse B and Concourse C) so it's away from the noise and hubbub of the airport. Proper tablecloths and actual metal cutlery (yes, the knife has a rounded point) on a pretty glass plate.I had the egg scramble, which came with a nice bunch of grapes and a mini-croissant Portion was great, the flavor was great. Cleaned my plate. The coffee had a nice fresh-brewed flavor to it, served in a decent sized cup.Pleasant waitress (Nicole) took care of me and promptly.No, I didn't have any wine but they did look to have a good selection.
4	I love this place and stop in whenever I'm flying out of Charlotte.  Excellent choices from a great wine list.  And the cheese plate is awesome.  The environment is pleasant and upscale, and the service is excellent.  Such a nice change of pace while on frequent travel.  I do wish they would provide a taste of wine without a charge, however.
4	While traveling with my daughter, we had a long layover in Charlotte. Desperate to find something better than the typical chain restaurant, we found Beaudevin. We were seated away from the noisy concourse.  I had the open faced roasted vegetable and goat cheese sandwich. The zucchini seemed a bit more pickled than roasted. The fava bean salad served with it was divine. I had the suggested paired wine that worked well!  My daughter decided to skip the late supper and have the berries and chocolate. It was a gorgeous presentation (yes, at the airport) and was delicious. Simon was a perfect waiter, bringing what we needed when it was needed. Our portions were generous, beautiful and tasty. It seemed no more expensive  than any airport meal and much better than any other restaurant options.
4	While on a 2.5 hour layover, four sleepy ladies happened upon Beaudevin thanks to the yelp reviews... and thank goodness for that!Now, if Beaudevin were in Charlotte itself, it would garner a three star review.  The food was fairly good (brunch) and the cocktails were well designed and 3 for 4 on the successful scale... but what sets the review to a 4 is the location.Its in an airport.  AN AIRPORT RESTAURANT THAT IS ACTUALLY GOOD?!?!?!  amazing- and unprecedented in aviation history.service was excellent, seats were comfy, silverware/glassware was fancy.this is the ONLY place you should grab a bite while on a layover. I would even consider not flying direct if it meant a stop at CDI.
5	One of the few classy places to eat in the airport terminal or any airport terminal for that matter, at least in regards modern air travel. Beaudevin has a relaxing atmosphere from the moment you walk up. Coupled with good food and good service it's a home run. This is how it should be for a someone leaving the comforts of home only to enter the loud, crowded and generally rude environment of air travel. I believe this is what the airline industry envisioned when it started its transcontinental service but apparently it never stuck.Staff: The hostess was quick to greet and offered a number of seating options despite it being nearly full from others trying to escape the loud intercom and shoving crowds.I ended up taking the couches and made conversation with a group of lawyers. Yep, even the flock of Esq talking legalese was tolerable with wine and a comfy couch, lol.Wine glass chandlers, combo wood and tile floors and soft tones on the walls set the decor while soft rock with a modern tone and cool jazz alternated from the sound system completing the ambiance, relaxing.Food: I only had about 45 min and wanted to make the most of it so I decided on the Artesian Cheese Tray and despite it wasn't the best array of cheeses to complement the grouping of spanish reds (wines) I had already ordered I was quite pleased as it fit my palette perfectly. Overall: After a day of hell jumping from one plane to another for book signing tour (Battle Ready, Memoir of a Navy SEAL Medic...in case anyone is interested) this place was like paradise while I awaited the last flight of the night to bring me home. A must stop from now, in Charlotte, especially if I'm with my wife! Take the time to stop at Beaudevin, you won't regret it. 5 Stars.
5	I agree with many of the other reviewers  - this place is calm amidst the storm. After missing my connection and getting stuck with a 2+ hour wait, Beaudevin was just what I needed; outlets to work, nice wine, and fresh food. The produce was not top notch - but for airport? 5 stars.
3	If you're stuck in CLT during a layover (As I was for three hours on my way to LAS) this is a nice, quiet, comfortable place to enjoy some small portion tapas and a glass of wine/cocktail/cup of coffee away from the herds rushing to and from their CRJs. I had the ceviche and roasted artichoke salad. The Good; Service was excellent. The waitress was attentive and made every effort to come back and check in to see if I have everything I wanted.  The menu is head and shoulders more interesting and better for you than the options out in the food court. The layout and design of the seating offers you everything from a nice leather couch to the bar to standard tables with lovely cushioned chairs. Head and shoulders above any other establishment in this airport. The Bad: While the menu is really interesting and has lots of tasty sounding options, the ingredients they are using are not the best. The Ceviches guacamole was dark and slimy and settled entirely to the bottom of the dish. The chicken I added was rubbery and pre-cooked, not nearly as nice as the salad itself. Also, hot tea may not be the most ordered item in a wine bar but considering the 'higher end' nature of this place having more than mint, english breakfast and earl grey doesn't take much effort. Overall with a couple small additions this place wouldn't just be the nicest in the airport, it would be a standout anywhere.
5	As a heavy domestic US traveler, I can say that this place is AS GOOD as it gets in terms of airport dining experiences.  The service was excellent and friendly and the food was great.
4	The Vegetable Sampler had an unusual collection of flavors. Bartender was knowledgable and patient with the wines. I ended up with a tasty local white. Computers available on the bar. Only problem was, despite efficient service, we relaxed so much, we almost missed our connection
4	If you get through security with time to spare, this is where you spend it.We did in fact get through with plenty of time to spare so each had a glass of wine.  I was impressed with the wine menu for where it is.  Just to the right as you pass through security by A B.  It was the perfect place to go before boarding!Highly recommended.
5	Nice surprise in the airport!!!!LOVED the goat cheese arugula salad.
4	This is my favorite part of this airport. I love when I have to fly through Charlotte so I can stop in there. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, drink, snack - It's all good!
4	I almost didn't bother coming in here because the breakfast menu posted at the door didn't have prices, the place looked super fancy for an airport and the dinner menu was expensive.  However, I got a much better breakfast than I would have anywhere else in the airport, and it only cost $10 for my entree.  The cost was excellent, the environment was laid back and the server busted her behind to give great service to the entire restaurant.Also, I aksed for a side of sourdough instead of the croissant.  I'm from the San Francisco area and the sourdough they gave me was delicious!!
5	When it comes to airport food, there generally aren't many great options. It's usually a mixture of chain restaurant or something of equal or lesser quality. Then there's Beaudevin.I don't know where this place came from. I can't even find a website. It's almost like it was quietly placed here by a divine Airport God as our reward for dealing with TSA's across the lands. This is easily the best and fanciest place I've eaten at Any airport. I ordered a bagel with a side of all the necessary ingredients for a lox bagel combination creation (herbed cream cheese, capers, red onions, tomatoes and smoked salmon). Everything tasted fresh enough for my liking. The salmon was great. Mind. Blown. If you're flying into Charlotte and have some time to spare, check it out. I read they also have one in Chicago O' Hare and Miami. Travelers rejoice!
5	Could be a 4-star stop, but since it's in the main terminal of CLT, this spot gets FIVE stars. You could walk 50 feet and eat at Chili's, or you can get real food at Beaudevin. True, there are no prices on the posted menu board, but the waiter handed us a menu when we asked. Amazingly, prices are reasonable: our family of four ate for under $50 (no wine or drinks).We arrived hungry, and everyone had plenty, so portions were fine. My open-face chicken sandwich was delicious, as was the Mediterranean Salad. Lots of veggie options. Bruschetta was delicious and served as a meal for one in our party, as did the charcuterie platter.If you walk in the back entrance by the bathrooms, you'll see a sample of prepared plates, and a deli counter that shows the meats and cheeses they use... all decent eats.Food came out quickly, which is a feat. Note that we were one of four tables when we landed, so YMMV. We were in/out in 45 minutes. There are no "chicken nugget" kiddie items on the menu... YAY! But, plenty of attainable and tasty options for everyone.Next time I'm flying USAir thru Charlotte, this place will get another visit. Hopefully, other Yelpers will keep this place afloat. Only spots that rival this are in Terminal 2 @ SFO... with San Fran prices. A REAL WINNER here.My only wish: that there were a couple high-end cultish or hard-to-find wines by the glass. Since Beaudevin has the fancy nitrogen wine dispensers, you can already get a lot of neat wines by the glass, like Caymus Cab. But there was nothing on the list I just had to try right then. Minor quibble.
5	This has become a normal stop for us and considering our small local airport only flies to Charlotte we are here quite often. I've never had a bad experience.
4	Whenever I travel through Charlotte on a Monday morning I stop here for breakfast.  I like the ambiance and the breakfast food.  It has never been crowded (That is not good for them).  The scrambles are great and if you are looking for a healthier meal, try the Greek yogurt, granola and fruit dish.  The only place I can get this in Charlotte.  There is not a huge selection, but they have what I like to eat.   When I travel back thru on Friday evening I always stop for a glass of wine and the cheese plate.   I compare this place to One Flew South in the Atlanta airport, except they just have a much smaller menu.
4	Fact of life - Airport food sucks. Well, there are exceptions and this is one. Setting feels kinda upscale but the prices are modest and the food is a welcome surprise at an airport. The waitress is super friendly too.
4	For an airport restaurant I would say you would be hard-pressed to find better. The wine by the glass was surprisingly good (Pinot Noir). And the tapas style small plates kept wowing one after another. From the prosciutto & melon to the cheese plate to the caprese skewers, to the bread plate and olives. The only average ones were the shrimp cocktail and the humus. Not bad mind you, just not up to par with their small plate siblings.And as for the salad mains, I did the grilled artichoke. A solid good. The creamy whipped goat made for a nice complement to the peppery arugula.Oh, and our server was awesome. Quick, friendly and without writing anything down she didn't forget a single order from the 6 people in our party.
3	Boudevin is an a-ok place as far as airports go. It is a small-plate spot, with a fair bit of antipasti selections. I wasn't too impressed with the wine list, but there are a range of options. For food, hubs and I opted for the meat-heavy antipasti. The cornichon and the stone-ground mustard were fantastic, as was the hard salumi. All of the other meats, though, seemed very bland, out-of-the-package varieties. The ambience was definitely more quiet than your average airport stop, servers were friendly, but maybe a bit too friendly if you know what I mean. While we were there, we saw them serve to a total D-bag who was already waaaay too tipsy and then laugh about it. They also regaled us with a tale from earlier in the day about a near fist-fight over a loud cellphone convo. Come prepared to hang, clearly.Still though, I feel comfortable with my three stars. Boudevin is probably one of the better stops in this airport. I'll admit, wIth the menu, I had high expectations. Have y'all ever been to a Surdyk's? They can be found in the upper Midwest and the the one at the airport is the bomb. Although Surdy's this isn't, it's still a-ok.
4	Had one of their open-faced tartine sandwiches last night.  DELISH, fresh bread, drizzled olive oil.  I was originally tempted by the fast food smells next door, but thankfully chose this place again.  Fresh and healthy, and I felt good about myself when I got home.   The lady next to me had the charcuterie plate - also delish (looking!).   I have had multiple good experiences here.  Very consistent.
2	I sat down at a sushi bar in front of Beaudevin after a half hour of aimlessly wandering the airport for a meal under $8. The first Burger King I approached with hesitation. People are seeing me here- I better leave right now. I walked back to the main terminal, taking the stairs. I then came across Burger King #2. Knowing nothing would be cheaper besides a bag of chips, I bought a 3 piece buffalo chicken strip box. I kept my sunglasses on and sat at a table facing the wall. Regret sunk in as I pushed away empty ketchup packets to make space for my steaming pile of shit. A strong vinegar aroma escaped as I opened the box. The food didn't look like the picture. Foiled again.I took a bite and by the force of Christ's trust fund, I stood up and chucked it in the nearest waste bin. "F*CK THIS, I'M GETTING SASHIMI!" I exclaimed to no one in particular.I'm trying this new thing where I don't spend all my money on eating out. It's obviously going along well.I sat at the airport sushi bar and asked about the chef's (hahaha) usual selection for the six pieces of sashimi I planned on getting. Then, from the corner of my eye I spotted pilots eating immaculate mediterranean salads - topped with salmon- off gorgeous square glass plates. I got up before the waitress could drop my glass of water. I headed into Beaudevin where everyone was wearing business attire and I looked like I do protests for free Tibet or whatever. The menu looked delectable. This was the refreshing re-start I needed. I was sat in the corner where the waitress asked for my drink. I asked for a water with cucumber. I knew there were cucumbers behind the bar because they had Hendrick's gin on the shelf. Over five minutes passed in an empty restaurant. At the 7-8 minute mark I saw her re-emerge behind the bar. This time grabbing a glass, I was sure it was for me and then I relaxed again. Two more minutes passed and she still had not shown with the glass of water. Perhaps it is karma for abandoning my would be glass of water at the sushi joint, but how does it really take 10+ minutes in a virtually empty establishment to pour a glass of water? (I'm very aware that I'd be hard pressed to find better food in the airport.) At that point my flight would be boarding in 20 minutes so I left and bought a chocolate bar instead. I ate half of it and then fell asleep with it in my coat pocket where it melted, only to be rediscovered days later at the airport again.
4	Who would have thought that I could get such a good meal at the airport.  We had a chicken sandwich and a Mediterranean salad.  The chicken was moist and flavorful on great bread.  The salad was fresh and very enjoyable.  For some reason the whole weekend we never ordered dessert.  We had berries with Greek yogurt in a chocolate bowl.  Absolutely delicious.  The Stella great too
5	Wow, healthy, delicious, and beautifully plated. Quality was superb. I ordered an open face Smoked Salmon Sandwich and it was delicious!  Service was excellent.  Ambience is classy and cozy. Coffee was flavorful and frothy (good indication of being fresh). A+++
4	Probably one of the better dining options in the Charlotte airport.Spinach Salad with Chicken. It was a good meal.Varied selection of wine. I don't know enough to tell how the prices were in comparison to other places. Service was a bit slow despite the fact that the restaurant wasn't very crowded.
4	Beaudevin is a delightful escape in the Charlotte airport.  Hidden from traffic and noise by the much more pedestrian on the go bar, this chic wine bar features a rather robust wine list that is paired quite nicely with the tapas style menu.When you walk in an L-shaped bar is on the left with ample tables on the right.  The wine menu is more genorous than the food, but both are excellent.  I would say the only draw back is that the wine glasses are a little over priced and the none of the dishes on the menu where robust enough for a hearty pallet.  All in all Beaudevin is everything you wouldn't expect inside an airport.  Good food, artfully done with pretty reliable accuracy paired with a rather impressive wine list.  Flying fancy free in Charlotte with a littlke time to kill - dine fine at Beaudevin.
5	Love having the opportunity to stop here when in the Charlotte airport.  The Green Apple Salad with manchego cheese, arugula, and marcona almonds is great.  Light and refreshing!  Tried the Cellar Selection, Justin Isosceles from Paso Robles.  Delicious!  I'm missing CA right now.
4	Love, LOVE, Love this place.  I have missed my Charlotte layovers lately.  I have been flying through Philly.  Most airports now have a wine bar somewhere.  But none are like this.  Large, great atmosphere, great food selections and completely reasonable in price.  Service is great and Sarah is amazing as a server!
4	One of the things that I've always felt that CLT lacked was a proper wine bar, and Beaudevin fits the ticket perfectly. Right in the center of the terminal, it has a great selection of wines not to mention a full bar (when I was waiting, I was desperately in need of a stiff drink--and they delivered). The service is good and quick, as well. Only downside is that it is pricey--but it's in an airport, so go figure. In any case I'll be returning whenever I pass through.
4	I have ate here many times while traveling and love it. The open faced sandwhiches are amazing and so filling. Also a fav is their asapragus salad and caprese salad apy. I have found myself ordering two orders of their chocolate truffles for dessert so don't be afraid to go for it. It is a bit pricey but its an airport so you come to expect it!
5	I love this restaurant! Just wondering if my connections in Charlotte will allow myself sometime to eat here, breakfast, lunch or dinner, great wine and great price! Charming decoration and perfect service. What else would you expect in a restaurant? Ah, food! Deliciousness in detail! My faves: croissant with omelet for the morning, ceviche and the little fondue for lunch and dinner. Awesome salads!
5	Beaudevin made my 2.5 hour layover in the Charlotte airport fly by (pun intended).  I was having such a good time sitting there drinking my wine and eating my cheese that I almost didn't want to leave when it was time for my flight.If it was anywhere else, I'd say it's 4 stars, but because it's in an airport terminal, and by miles the best restaurant ever in an airport terminal, it gets 5 stars.There's bar seating as well as a small area with couches and normal tables, and I opted for a table with outlets nearby so that I could charge up all my electronics.  The service was amazing.. the hostess/waitress stopped by to make sure I was always taken care of with drinks, water, food, etc and when I asked for the bill she offered to charge my card at the same time, since she knew I was hurrying to make a flight (after sitting there casually for 2 hours I almost missed it ha).They have an extensive wine list and every food menu item has a suggested pairing.I had the open faced chicken sandwich which was absolutely delicious.  It came with 4 pieces of bread topped so it was a generous serving size for the price.  Because it was so good, I knew that I wanted to try something else here. So I decided to overeat and also had a small cheese plate paired with the suggested Riesling.  The small cheese plate is also very generous for the price, and probably would have been enough for me as a meal. I still ate most of it.With the AA / US Airways merger now underway, I may be spending a lot more time there. Because of Beaudevin, that's now an okay thing.
5	After walking past so many disappointing & artery clogging food choices in the airport (Burger King, Papa John's, Bojangles..), I came across this restaurant, kind of tucked away in the middle of the food court and it seemed like a MIchelin star space compared to all the other options. It was quiet and relaxing, and helped make my delayed flight layover more bearable.There was a good selection of food - 4 open faced sandwiches, 4 salads, and a wide variety of tapas and cheese & charcuteries. I opted for the Green Apple Salad ($11) with chicken (+$4) - it was a decent size and had arugula, crushed marcona almonds, and apples. It was light, refreshing and delicious. I would skip on the chicken - it was a bit on the rubbery side (almost like the "fake" chicken you get at Subway). I got a little plate of cheese for $4 with 5-6 slices of bread, which was a nice snack.I think this is definitely one of the healthiest and nicest options to eat at in this airport - having paid $11 before for burnt chicken, or $11 for a CPK Pizza or Chili's salad, these prices for a nice sit-down meal are not too bad. Fork over the extra few dollars to eat here, and pay for service, and enjoy your layover so you don't spend your next flight wishing you hadn't eaten all that fast food.5 stars for a great airport restaurant - you almost forget you are even in the airport!
4	If you're stuck at CLT or need a meal while here, I suggest making a stop at Beaudevin in the main section of the terminal/food court (before you make the way to the gates, yet after security).  This restaurant has great wine and food pairing suggestions and you can enjoy small plate items or a red/white wine flight.  It's a comfortable place and, when the piano is going in the courtyard, you can enjoy the additional ambience.There are plugs all along the bar (underneath) for your laptops.I had a delicious white wine paired with their smoked salmon appetizer.  It made a perfect brunch for one.
4	Is this REALLY at an airport?  WOW!  Great wine at reasonable prices.  Kevin, our bartender, was a real treat.  He's the perfect combination of helpful, charming and entertaining.  We had the open faced salmon sandwich which was completely fresh, gourmet, different and "mouth-gasm" inducing.  Worth flying back to Charlotte to have again.  The apple salad was fresh, but the dressing was a little too tangy/acidic.  It could use more oil for balance.  We ordered the shrimp on top and although fresh and a good size, they were not at all seasoned and very bland.  We saw the flatbread go by and I was jealous I hadn't ordered that.They are tucked away in a corner behind the sushi bar with the overhead airplanes, but worth finding.  They are very aware of time crunches and all the staff was super friendly and knowledgable.  A great ending to a short trip in Charlotte.
5	A glass of wine and some appetizers is a perfect way to start your trip. Try their flute of wines. 3 reds or 3 whites or 3 local varieties. Fast service. I leave for airport a little early so that I can take my time here.
5	I'd first like to say THANK YOU to Beaudevin to building in outlets underneath the bar tops.  That's worth 5 stars alone.  I always need to charge my phone while traveling.Now on to the food.  I split the goat cheese and brushetta and the hummus with a friend.  The goat cheese / brushetta wasn't what I was expecting.  I was picturing a typical warm goat cheese and tomato dish that's available in most tapas restaurants.  This was whipped goat cheese in a bowl next to a pile of brushetta topping served with baguette slices.  It was good.  It wasn't super flavorful, but I liked it.  The hummus was delicious and served with veggies and pita.  My friend and I both got our own salads.  I got the Mediterranean, and she got the Artichoke salad.  We both enjoyed them and left feeling full but not overly stuffed.  Great amount of food for 2 people.For those who like wine, they have  a great wine selection - probably around 25-30 different wines.  Enjoy!
5	Great little find in a busy, loud airport. You can tuck away for a little peace and quite. Grab a small bite and some quality wine. Rare in an airport.
4	So much better than anything available in an airport. A very nice way to spend a layover.
5	Stopped here during a 3.5-hour layover after a red-eye from LAX en route to Memphis. It almost made me forget I'd spent the past four hours struggling to fall asleep on the plane.Beaudevin wasn't what I expected to find after walking past a Quiznos, a Burger King and a Papa John's, but it turned out to be arguably the best meal I've ever had at an airport. For $14, I had the prosciutto scramble and a cup of coffee -- not cheap, exactly, but a steal considering the surrounding selection.The scramble came with red peppers and inside two adorable mini croissants. The prosciutto was a little saltier than I would've liked, but overall, it hit the spot for this weary traveler.The ambience is also fantastic. Glasses hang around the ceiling lights as a sort of makeshift chandelier, while green and clear glass bottles spell out "beaudevin" across the wall. There's lounge-style seating too if you're not alone.Honestly, I'd come here even if I weren't stuck at an airport.P.S. There's a full bar with outlets underneath, though I didn't take advantage of either.
5	Surprising great food in an airport with reasonable price. I tried their chicken tartine and green apple salad. Both are excellent. The bitter and hearty arugula leaves are balanced by the sweet granny smith apple and Spanish bacon. The crunch texture from roasted almond and julienned apple make the salad very pleasant to bite. The grilled chicken on tartine is so juicy. I was expecting card board dryness like most airport vendors, but the grilled chicken is pre-marinated well and grilled very right. Excellent service and atmosphere. The friendly waiter told us the apple is from DC. We don't have so sweet green granny smith apple in California. Maybe the earth in DC is somehow more suitable for growing apples.
4	You definitely don't feel like you are in the airport. But to that point as well the servers move a bit slow for being an airport spot. I know some people have really long layovers but some are stopping in for a quick bite before they need to catch their plane. The prices are not cheap here but I feel like that is to be expected. I ended up going with their open face veggie sandwich with goat cheese. The sandwich was suppose to have zucchini but they were out so it just had artichoke. It was amazing! The bread was delicious and all the sandwich toppings worked so well with the goat cheese. If you have some time while you are at CLT I definitely recommend stopping in here to eat.
1	This space is lovely. The food is terrible.The shrimp ceviche bragged of avocado and jumbo shrimp. The shrimp might have started out jumbo, but they were cooked down to be the size of popcorn shrimp. They were tough and lacked any flavor. What once might have been a sliver of avocado was nothing more than greenish slime in the bottom of the bowl. This dish was mostly just acid sludge.I also ordered the spinach salad. The first thing delivered was an arugula salad. I should have kept that. When the spinach salad came, it was overdressed (again, pure acid) so that the croutons were just soggy flatbread. I had a flight of wine. The Riesling was surprisingly good. Not too sweet. The Sav Blanc was vaguely reminiscent of warm swamp water.Wishing I'd packed a kind bar in my bag. I won't come back to this place. I suggest you not either.
2	Eh considering I spent $10 per salad, it was a ripoff that they forgot the ham :( this is not a good place to go to if you don't have much time until your flight
4	I was so happy to find real food at the airport.  The service was friendly, my wine was delicious and reasonably priced- considering the location, and my food was good.  I didn't time the arrival of my food, but the place was fairly full and I still received it promptly.  I chose the open-faced chicken sandwich with roasted peppers and it was far more than I could eat.
5	Always the Best service and food. Yes You may pay 2 dollars more overall but no crowds, noise or feeling rushed. I love this little find
5	What a great place to hang out when US Airways hangs you out to dry for a few extra hours.We had the Mediterranean MIsto Salad and a Scottish Smoked Salmon and both were delicious.But more importantly, the wine selection here is fabulous, including such rock star names as Grgich and Stag's Leap. Lovely.Location - 5 STARSAmbiance - 4 1/2 STARSFood & Wine - 5 STARSService - 5 STARSNoise Level - high
4	I researched a place to eat before my layover so that I would have one less thing to worry and stress over when I was there. I had a two hour layover and am so thankful to have found this relaxing restaurant.The atmosphere was fantastic. Unless you were looking right out into the terminal/food court, you would never know that you were at an airport.I did not want to have anything too large before I flew the second leg of my trip, so I opted for two of their tapas. I ordered the spinach fondue & cantaloupe prosciutto plate. The spinach fondue was delicious! The bread it came with was some of the best naan bread I have ever had and it was deliciously hot. The cantaloupe prosciutto was the perfect sized dish. It was cantaloupe wrapped in prosciutto topped with shaved Parmesan and balsamic. There were strawberries served on the side. I also ordered a glass of Moscato. The prices were fair for being in an airport. The service was right on par- attentive but not pushy/nosy, prompt and extremely friendly. I would highly recommend this place to anyone traveling through Charlotte Airport.
5	This is essentially a much nicer version of Vino Volo and easily the best food in Charlotte airport. - Ceviche (A) - exceptional - Herbed Chicken Sandwich (A) - baffling how good this "open sandwich" was. Better than most I've had outside an airport
5	Charlotte is the famous home of layovers for most US Airways flights, and this lovely wine bar makes unexpected delays a pleasant surprise. Not even being sarcastic here. A co-worker and I used a small 1.5hr layover in Charlotte to swing by (it's between major terminals) to grab a quick bite to eat. The interactive iPad set up tells you a lot about the wine options available. The waitress was also spectacular at recommended local North Carolinian white wines to taste. She was also more than willing to give samples, which was nice. In the way of food, we grabbed the cheese plate. The apple compote, cheese, dried fruit, and bread was a great add on and filled two of us up for lunch. (Not the most filling, but it was enough to tide us over for four more hours.) Nice bonus: there was a grand piano outside the restaurant, which someone played. Not sure if he was hired or just another traveler on a layover, but it was fabulous!
5	Quick pours of wonderful wine, and perfectly portioned tapas. Hat tip to Jimmie for fantastic service
5	Flight delay allowed us to have a wonderful breakfast here at beaudevin. Sarah is a 5 star waitress.  Great lox and bagels, eggs florentine, and Greek yogurt surved with exceptional coffee.
3	This could easily be a 4 star. Especially considering it's location. Let me dig in on why it's not a 4 star in my book. There was a grumpy hostess who...well...not a big deal just an awkward way to start the meal experience. They've got a great atmosphere and a great feel in every way...besides her lacking greeting skills. Maybe she is having a bad day, but as the face you don't get to bring "bad day" to work. She did her job just fine but I saw her interaction and body language aimed at a couple that seemed to want a seat that she wasn't willing to give them. That cost the 1/8 of a star.The other 1/8 of a star is gone because they didn't have a great selection of gluten free dishes from what I could tell. Although I didn't study the menu, the gluten free didn't jump out holy wow the song they have on now makes me angry. It's in an airport. I can't rank an airport restaurant on the same level as the Wayfare. I just can't. The luggage, the noise of the airport, the fact that I'm angry because I missed a flight...that's a 1/4 of a star BUT the fact that the atmosphere is peaceful earns most of the 1/4 of a star back. 1/4 of a star down because I ordered poorly. I got spinach artichoke dip and I should have gotten the cheese board. The dip is fine. Not great. Not terrible. But fine. 1/4 of a star gone because of the price to execution ratio. If you're going to charge this much for these items (yes, even in an airport where tacking on 50% up charge to a bottle of water is customary) Stems stems stems. Please, if you're going to get in pretty micro greens, ex ventilate the microness of them. Leaving them on the long thicker stems makes them unpleasant texturally and aesthetically distracting from the beautiful salmon. I get I paid a bunch but either back up on the caper or hit up more salmon. There has to be more salmon than caper. DISCLAIMER: I'm a chef and in digging in real technically. Would I eat here again? Yes, anytime I fly through here I aim to. Can I see this being a 4 star place, yes. I just haven't eaten here enough to slap a 4th star on it yet. Also, the plates are fun. The actual plates. Wooden. Clear glass. Just fun. Ok ok. I blasted on the music and now Dean Martin is on. I take it back. Onto what other people have ordered:Knowledgable staff when it comes to wine. The salads are of epic portion size. They look pleasant too. *puts headphones back on After Deano ended they really hopped into some seriously un-ok canned garbage music. Ok. I'm not getting dessert but, it looks flat out sexy. I don't even know what the hell it was, but the waitress proposed it to a guest sitting two seats from me...by proposed it I mean she got almost in one knee and showed off how amazing it was. Now I want to take a picture of what this lady next to me just ordered. Damn it. This place is creeping into the 4 star range and that...I just...I can't. I'll have to eat more to be sure. If you're in this airport for more than half an hour spend 45 minutes and some bucks here. Cheers. Find out why I'm not in my kitchen on a Friday afternoon atNolaChef504.com
5	What a nice surprise! Being that this place is in an airport, I was more than skeptical. I went on a Tuesday afternoon, when it was slower than normal. The restaurant and bar were nearly empty. I had the open-faced chicken sandwich. It was great: fast, fresh, and light. Service was excellent, and the menu had plenty of selections. I'm already looking forward to coming back and trying something different. If this was in my neighborhood, I would go definitely go back. Definitely a good place to stop for those traveling through CLT. The best quality food you will likely find in an Airport anywhere.
4	Great place to grab food and wine when you have a layover! They have a great wine selection- I tried the Carolina favorites. I sat at the bar and the bartender was nice, however not as personable, the service was giving you what you ordered with nothing more nothing less. The menu has a tapas options which were $12+, open faced sandwiches $10+, and salads $10+. I tried the roasted chicken with avocado crema open faced sandwich-$11 and it was the best chicken I've tasted-melts in your mouth good!! Why go to other fast food places at the airport where they upcharge when you can go here for a better ambiance and less crowded. Btw, there is live piano outside the wine bar. Nice touch to set the mood.
3	I ate at Beaudevin on the way out of Charlotte airport (finally!). I think I might have made the wrong choice when ordering. I was between the artichoke fondue small plate and the chicken sandwich. I asked for the waitress' opinion, and she said the fondue... went with that. Well.... I wouldn't say what I got was fondue. What does the word fondue imply to you? To me, I picture hot bubbly cheese. This was a cold spinach artichoke dip. Hmmmm... not what I was expecting. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special and it was totally overpriced beyond belief. The other food looked good, so I guess that was my mistake. Regardless, based on my experience I can't recommend this restaurant.
4	Nice upscale place to stop in the airport to have a glass of wine or cold beer. I had the goat cheese and tomato bruschetta. It had good flavor and the bartender was very nice. Great service! If you enjoy reds you'll definitely enjoy the Biltmore Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon. It's one of the local wines on the menu.
5	We just had the best meal we have ever had at a restaurant in an airport anywhere in the world!!'  Yes it's that great... A wine bar? Yes but the food is surprising. And believe it or not, the atmosphere has a very cool vibe and can even be romantic with the right person. And yes... It's in the Charlotte Airport!
5	The smoked salmon sandwich was excellent, an interesting twist on pecan raisin bread. This would be five stars anywhere, yet this is in an airport. Impressive!
3	Ceviche was ok.. Not a whole lot of shrimp. Tasted like pickled tomatoes. The grilled artichoke salad was delightful... Would recommend. My neighbor's Gorgonzola flatiron steak sandwich looked even better! She raved about it so much that I was relieved when she left to catch her flight. I would return.
5	Finally good food at CLT!It's wonderful to be able to get a good open face sandwich during a layover.  The quality is great but it is airport priced.  Don't miss the berry dessert chocolate thing!The restaurant is a bit hidden right behind the big airplane mobile in the center bridge between B and C concourse.  This looks like just a wine bar but the tapas are really good.
4	I've gotten the open-faced tartine smoked salmon sandwich a handful of times now that I've had to make multiple layovers here. I've tried my luck with the other fast food court choices - This restaurant is, by far, the best quality and most comfortable environment. The bread is a rich, dense pecan raisin. I would have actually liked it cut a little more thinly because I don't need that much. The salmon is plentiful and I love the bright lemon juice, salty capers, creamy feta, bite of red onion, juicy tomato chunks and fresh greens on top. This was actually quite a filling sandwich.My only major gripe is that it has sometimes taken me a while to get seated, but the food usually comes fairly quickly.
5	No place better to eat in CLT.  The open faced sandwiches are perfect before a flight and the wine list is solid.  There's a nice atmosphere and the clientele is mellow (a major plus in a busy airport).
5	This is an oasis in the desert of airport food choices at Charlotte. The salad, salmon and flight of mousse were all very good but the sweetness of dessert was surpassed by the sweetness of my server Sarah.
4	Was worried when I saw the menu seeing mostly sandwiches but stopped anyways. Tried the herb chicken sandwich and it was actually fairly substantial in size, though not as big on flavor. Don't get me wrong, it was good chicken and they included other vegetables. Not a wine afficianado so felt out of place but they had pretty good iced tea for a thirsty traveler.We made the mistake of also ordering the cheese plate where even the small was decent sized. Service started slow but picked up after a while and made our plane on time.
4	Food was great. Love the 3 oz wine portion as an option.  Also offer 6 and 9 oz pours.  Service not on par with quality of food and atmosphere.  Sarah was good but needs to be more engaging with customers.
1	Would have loved to try the food and wine but not one person came our way to take our order for 15 minutes after being seated. Was disappointed so we just left.
5	Beaudevin has the best atmosphere in the Charlotte airport and is always my favorite place to stop.There's lots of healthy menu choices and the food has always arrived quickly. Hey, if you want to indulge there's always Cinnabon next door!
5	What a treat. A quiet little escape from the airport. Decent selection of Red wines and I found a favorite in the list: Caymus. Many whites though I can't speak to the whites. Really good fresh focused menu with a delicatessen twist. The small cheese plate was good and plentiful. The prices are really outrageous, but that is expected for the quality within an airport location.
4	Surprising oasis in the midst of typical terminal fare. An amazing by the glass selection of premium wines coupled with a select menu of small plates and gourmet sandwiches. Upscale decor and service are the icing on the cake.
4	Great Atmosphere! An irresistible eye teaser. A great selection of premium wine and food choices. The cheese plate is delicious!
4	Stop by Beaudevin for a classy refresher while traveling, and groove to the grand piano (more likely than not) being played nearby. I love to treat myself to Beaudevin when traveling through the Charlotte airport. The upscale, modern venue and relaxing music completes your escape from an otherwise uneventful day of traveling. Beaudevin has a nice wine and food selection, and is considerate of the traveler's time. Short of this, I had a melon and prosciutto appetizer for which I have only compliments. For being in an airport, the fruit was surprisingly good and ripe.
4	They have these in a few airports. If the one you are stuck at has one, I suggest you stop in for an app or meal with a nice glass of wine. They are fairly quick in service so no worries regarding time. The one here is at the end of the food court. I like their open faced herbed chicken sandwich. Pairs well with their recommended La Crema Pinot Noir.
2	Good wine selection but poor quality food and lackluster service. This is my third time here and the second time they did not have the ingredients necessary to prepare the meal I ordered from their menu. That didn't stop them though. They substituted without asking and served me hoping I wouldn't notice.
5	5 stars because it's in an airport. The food was reasonably priced ($10 for a fresh salad). The lettuce was crisp, the dressing tasted freshly homemade. A very nice wine selection as well. Service was ok. I would recommend a polite request to quicken the pace should you have a tight connection. Overall, I'm very impressed.
4	When I have a long layover in Charlotte, I try to have dinner here. I have had the Charcuterie and Artisan Cheese plates and the smoked salmon tartine. All were so delicious. I seem to sit in the same seat every time and enjoy the view and people watching. I have noticed that you can order the sushi from In Flight and have it delivered to your table. A;ways a nice experience.
4	Perhaps the best airport restaurant I have ever been to. Nice, almost swanky but casual setting instead of the predictable sports bar concept. Good food and good service. Price is what prevents it from being five-star. Their namesake wine was about triple the price you would expect, so we stuck to beer...good to be an omnivore! At $18, the chilled lump crab cocktail was a relative deal. Elegant, minimalist preparation showcased the high quality ingredients. Wife enjoyed her turkey melt.
4	Had a long layover and this was a nice treat to find. Was dreading eating the overpriced, terrible fast food airports usually have! We got the charcuterie plate, the Mediterranean flatbread, and the chicken sandwich. Everything was delicious and the Chenin blanc they had for the special this month was superb!
4	I would eat here even if it wasn't in an airport.  Food was well above average for an airport restaurant, definitely a must when in Charlotte on a layover.
5	Stopped by again on my way out on Christmas--just as good, if not better, than I remembered.
