5	Ultimate Arts is the best in Madison- Don't argue with this. Never having been inked before, I can tell you I was wary of it all, but this place has a reputation that precedes it. My work was done by Rich. The detail is amazing! The shop is clean and the artists are all very well known and respected. My significant other uses Tonia. She has a following too. They also do toys for tats, and I will return again and again until the sleeve is finished.
4	Disclaimer: I don't have any other tattoo experience other than this one, so I can't compare Ultimate Arts to other shops... that said...I got my first tattoo earlier this week and so far, I couldn't be any happier with the experience.  I had been considering one for quite some time (10+ years) and finally decided to "hulk up" and get it done (don't tell anyone, but I'm a huge chicken when it comes to needles).The process was extremely straight-forward - I wandered into Ultimate Arts on a weeknight and met with Tonia.  I showed her what I wanted to have done, we kicked around some ideas, and then settled on a price, date, and time.  I put down a deposit to hold my appointment, and headed home, anxious, excited, and a bit nervous.Appointment day came and I made sure to arrive plenty early for my appointment.  Tonia was consulting with some other folks, and when she was done, she showed me the final design, of which I approved.  I completed a brief questionaire, and then we went back to "the chair" and began the work.It starts with her placing the tattoo stencil in the appropriate location and having you verify that everything looks good.  Then she preps her tools, helps put you at ease a bit by explaining what's about to happen, and then encourages you to take some deep breaths, relax, and enjoy the experience.And you know what?  I did.  I really enjoyed it.  I'm not gonna lie and say that some portions of the tattoo felt a little more "lively" than others, but for the most part, the tattoo process was relatively painless.  It felt a lot like getting a sunburn and having someone slap at it.  It wasn't horrible by any means.  :-)  Tonia did a great job of taking it easy on me - when she knew there was an area that I wasn't really enjoying, she'd give me a break and work on another spot for a while.The whole process took about 2.5 hours, and the results are simply awesome.  The colors are bright, the lines are incredibly crisp and sharp, and I'm simply thrilled - I look at it and smile.  The aftercare instructions have been fantastic as well, and I'm happy to report that as of yet, I have no major scabbing, and no complications at all.  It's barely even tender or sore.So... if you're thinking about a tattoo, give Tonia and the folks at Ultimate Arts a shout.  They have been fantastic to work with, and I can't wait to go back for tat #2... :-D
5	Just finished tattoo #2 with Tonia and once again, it couldn't have gone any better than it did.  She took my design, modified it a bit (per my request), and what can I say, other than "I love it."The new work is healing wonderfully; the aftercare instructions are simple, straightforward, and effective.  The crew is also extremely responsive to questions - they seem truly happy to help before/during/after your tattoo.I'm a fan.  Be sure to check out their Toys for Tats program!
5	I have had my last few tattoos done by Rich at Ultimate Arts...the man is amazing! I tell him an idea and he draws it up perfectly as to what I want.  I have been to other tattoo places in Madison but will only go to Ultimate Arts now!  Did I mention they have decent pricing as well and host an annual toy drive?!?
5	Jim here rocks! I am on number 2 from him. Only artist that I have ben back to more then once.
5	I got my tattoo here many years ago. I still love it, and the place still has a great reputation.
5	Going back to check out the art for number four from Jim today.I started coming hear because of the community work they do. Amazing art, great people and good for the city.
5	This place is very professional and clean. Started with a consultation. It took almost a month to get in with an appointment. I worked with Adam and he was great.They also have a big drive in December partnering with WJJO and the USMC for toys for tots.Love my new ink and I will definitely go back. This is the only place in Madison I will go to!
