4	I've been to about 5 different BJs and this is by far my favorite. The food is the same as at most other BJs, although this one has honey breadsticks that I haven't seen anywhere else. What distinguishes this BJs is the brewer. In addition to the usual BJs brews, this brewer concocts new original brews all the time, found only here, and brewed on premises. One time I had a BJs Belgian style Grand Cru here that rocked my world. The only problem is that it's super crowded and there is usually a wait. Plus it's at the Chandler mall, so it's...mall-ish.
4	Good selection of beers, really nice assortment of menu items, and big group friendly.  I had a few too many beers to recall much other than a happy feeling about the place, especially since my jambalaya dish was tasty.  And they had avocado egg rolls that I really liked, that was while I was still on my first beer.
5	One of my favorite places to go for a nice meal and a beer.  I usually order their Chicken Salad and Jeremiah Red beer.  After a couple beers, the restaurant is within stumbling distance of the Chandler 24 Movie theater.
4	BJ's has some great beer, and the food is not bad either. I know it's a chain, but it does exceedingly well for a chain. Probably one of the best out there. The Jerimiah Red beer is excellent, as well as the Piranah something or other.If you go, try their thin crust appetizer pizza. But try it as a meal. It should be more than enough. If not, you can then fill up on beer.
5	This was my first BJ's experience and I fell in love. I have since been to many others and I love their beer.  But back to this one, the location is super sweet! Its a big reason I love this Brewery being next to the mall made it perfect. Let me explain...Ok so it was Christmas time and I went out to visit my sister and I still need to get some presents. So my sisters boyfriend took me to this mall and he said we need to stop here first. I was like well ok I guess, and man oh man am I glad we did. It made shopping so amazing (I hate to go shopping during this time period as should anyone) it quickly became my favorite way to shop... slightly drunk! :)So as amazing as the shopping experience was I was very glad to have had a chance to discover one of my favorite beers Tatonka Stout.
3	Just not all that.  If I am eating at the Chandler Mall then there are 4 restaurants I would rather eat at.
2	I am no stranger to BJs - I grew up in California, which is where this chain originated from.I'm not a fan of this BJs. We live about 10 minutes away from it, but I find we go to the one on Superstition Springs more often. We go to BJ's for the food, never the drinks.Hubby's a huge beer lover. When we lived in San Francisco, we used to do pub crawls with our friends in search of the perfect pint of Guinness.Anyway, we went to this BJs because he had heard good things about the beer here, more specificially, their brewmaster. He'd read rave reviews and thought, "why not?  we're practically around the corner!"Off we trotted and he ordered the beer and I ordered a salad...and he was angry.  Angry at beer. What?! Not again. It's ok.  I was angry at my salad and the slower service.He finally learned his lesson - never get the beer at BJs. The first BJs experience was back in California at the BJs in Cupertino, across the street from the Apple campus (yes, as in iPod). He and his best drinking mate, Matt, went for beer...one they ordered tasted like Juniper. The second one he ordered "tasted like how sweaty gym socks smelled". His exact words.  *gags a little*He thought it would be different at this BJs...but was sadly mistakenBJs on the whole will never have imported beer. If you want a decent selection of imported beer, I suggest going to Whole Foods -- you can pick up Belhaven!My salad pissed me off.  There was more dressing than salad. I wanted some lettuce with my dressing. Our server kept sneaking off - don't want to know what he was doing outside for long periods of time and come back smelling of smoke.My suggestion?  Seriously? Skip this BJs and go eat at one of the other restaurants. This one won't do it for beer...or food.
4	The mini burgers here will be the death of me.
3	BJ's is OK on occasion. My husband loves the mostly sauceless, tomato-strewn pan pizza. Me, not so much. However, the atmosphere seems fun (kind of loud, but that drowns out our usual loud talking). There are flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant, in case a game or a major weather event (hurricane season) is on. The booth seating is comfy, and we see a lot of families, so it looks pretty kid-friendly as well.I've tried various dishes here, such as sliders washed down with BJ's Hefeweizen. The sliders and thin fries were pretty darned yummy, and the 5 oz. taster-sized Hefeweizen was the perfect size (and price!) for a lightweight and/or someone who has to drive soon thereafter... I am not a beer connoisseur, so YMMV! On separate occasions, I've tried the Angel Hair Toscana dish, which was just OK and came with a side of garlic bread. I've had the French dip on a couple occasions, and that is highly recommended; I love a good au jus... The other night I tried the Field of Greens salad with candied pecans, feta, red peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette; that was quite yummy. I coupled that with a taster-sized Berry Burst Cider, which is really sweet and hit the spot.For dessert, the Cookies N' Cream Pizookie is quite good, so you might want to save room for that (be sure to share it with 1 or 2 more people ~ it's rich and should feed at least 2)! The Apple version pales in comparison ~ don't bother with that... Finally, I'm a caffeine fiend, so I was pleasantly surprised that their coffee does not taste like old socks.I recommend BJ's for a casual night out.
2	A note to the owners of BJ's Restaurant & Brewery regarding the style of pizza you serve:I don't know what it IS, but I can tell you what its NOT, and its most definitely NOT 'Chicago-Style'.How do I know this?  Because up until about a month ago, I called Chicago home for the last 20 or so years.Pizza has three main ingredients- a crust, a sauce (typically a tomato-based sauce), and cheese (typically mozzarella).  Serving two out of the three does not mean you can still call it a pizza.  This is pass/fail, all or nothing, an you are not graded on a curve; there is no 'E' for effort.Now some will argue, but typically, 'Chicago-style' pizza has a thick crust and, in at least a couple of restaurants, the sauce and cheese layers are inverted, but the pizza HAS sauce (am I making my point here, or am I being too subtle?).Do yourself a favor, BJ.  Go to Chicago, and go to Gino's East, Pizzeria Uno, Due's, and Lou Malnotti's for a crash course in what 'Chicago-Style' pizza is, then come back here and fix this trainwreck of bread and cheese before you do any permament damage to the phrase 'Chicago-Style Pizza'; well, no more than you've already done.Your one saving grace is the beer you brew right on premises, otherwise this two-star review would be a one-star review, and I'd never have a reason to darken your doorstep, or subject anyone else to your bread with melted cheese on top.Keep up the good work on the beer, but fire the guy that came up with your pizza recipe and start over.  Then I may try another one of your pies; until then, I'll just stick to the beer.Viewing it from that angle, then, BJ's has a nice bar.  Its a bit loud inside for a restaurant, but for a bar, its just fine, and they do have lots of TVs tuned to just about anything you could want to watch.Come for the beer, stay for the... beer.  But if I've been too subtle, and you missed the point- don't bother with their 'pizza'.
4	Chandler Chamber of Commerce Event hosted by BJ's ...Food was really good!  There were probably over 100 of us at the event and the service was surprisingly good as well.
2	The brew is ok I have had better, and the pizza is ok, nothing crazy good and the atmosphere is alright, I'd rather go somewhere else any day.
3	I've been on a quest for a flavorful, texture-rich, full-bodied salad. The last one I really enjoyed was the Santa Fe Chicken Salad at the BJ's in Mesa. So, today I went to the Chandler restaurant for a work lunch in hopes of  satisfying the craving. Work hours meant no beer...maybe that's why I didn't inhale this one as fast. It was still good. I'd order it again. I'd also order the Pizookie made with  peanut butter cookie. That devilish little treat (that I shared, btw) got me on a new PB craving. Ugh.The salad was $10.95, and came with well-seasoned chicken (minor kick), corn, avocado, tomatoes, red onions, tortilla strips and a good dressing.
4	Went here, after we got a housewarming gift card from our realtor. Foor was surprisingly delish! We ordered, again, bruschetta and a deep dish pizza.  Had the beer sampler, since I'm not big on hops, this wasn't my thing, but they do make their own root beer, which is just as yummy! For desert we had oreo deep dish cookie, served w/ 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream and whipped cream (YUM).Only thing is, the waitress seem to "forget" something you asked for...1st time we went, they "forgot" my drink, 2nd time, I asked for ranch dressing and she "forgot", I had to ask another waiter...Go online to find a $5 coupon...its well worth it!
4	BJ's is fun if you're with a buddy and need a quick bite before a movie over at Harkin's. The beer is made on the premises and is really good, they got a ton of huge tvs, sitting at the bar is a good idea if you're not there with kids, and the baked potatoes rock. Pizza is just so so, salads are good, and burgers are just average.
5	The root beer that they make is should be considered CRACK! I go there just for the root beer. Everything in this place is good they have a few floor managers whom walk around asking you if your food is ok. If its not they will take it back and then something else is back to you in 10 mins. And its right next to a comic book store to boot. Its a good area to go and eat. I would visit again and again.
4	This place has some great food. I haven't yet found anything on the menu that I don't like instantly. The pizza, the sandwiches, the appetizers, the desserts... all good. Despite this, my favorite item on the menu is definitely the Berry Burst Cider. I haven't yet found any other decent cider in the valley.Atmosphere: goodService: goodMy only beef: I did once have the jambalaya and that simply left me wanting authentic Cajun.
3	Everyone loves BJs.  Well, men particularly.That's right--I went there.Thanks!  I'll be here all week.  So, the restaurant--solid three stars.  Good pub grub, good beer, great happy hour, friendly service.  Nothing out of this world but a reliable place for a night out.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food7 *Drinks*7 Service8 Atmosphere7 Value
4	Great beer made on site, and some unique deep dish pizzas make for a great happy hour and reverse happy hour. Despite the recent rise in the price of the mini pizzas the half off deal at happy hour is hard to beat. The deals on the beer are not the best, but they quality makes up for it. I really like the spinach artichoke pizza, Imagine taking a pizza and using a creamy artichoke spinach dip in lieu of tomato sauce. That is one rich deep dish pizza. Couple with a tatonka stout and it is one great meal to indulge in. Some of their other great beers are the Jeremiah red. As the name implies it is a red Irish beer. Usually there is a Belgium seasonal high gravity beer whose flavor and alcoholic punch is are to beat.For happy hour beers are $1 off mini pizzas are 1/2 off and most appetizers are $2 off. There is some deal on well drinks, but then why come to a brewery to drink anything other than beer?  If you find your self feeling the effects of the beer too quickly the potato wedge fires make for a great sponge to soak up some of the happy juice in the beer.Don't forget you can get a growler (1/2 gallon) of beer to go!
4	I love BJ's. The menu is a little too big, but everything I have tried is great! The beers are good, if you like good beer, i.e. something other than Coors or Bud. The wings are awesome, they just drizzle a bit of sauce and then give you more on the side so they don't get soggy. The bruschetta is delicious. The thin crust pizzas look great, but I haven't had one yet. The avocado egg rolls are yummy and the grilled shrimp tacos are one of my favorite dishes. Perfect end to a day of shopping at Chandler Mall.
4	I've been here many many times and have never had a bad time. Everything has always been up to par. I literally have no complaints.AND - I recently dropped a personal check made out to me while getting cash out to pay my bill. The manager found it and mailed it back to my client. Talk about honest service. BJ's is our go to place for an easy weekend lunch. Their home brewed root beer is super good.
4	I was actually really impressed, even though I didn't think I would be.  I headed here for lunch last week when Chipotle was super busy.They have a great and fairly affordable lunch menu with lots of options, including lots of vegetarian options.  I also really appreciated that my waitress went back and checked with a vegetarian staff member to see if the tomato soup had meat stock (it didn't, but minestrone did).I got the pasta with the soup or salad combo with this delicious Mediterranean pasta - olive oil, feta, pine nuts, tomatoes and red peppers.  The pasta itself was surprisingly bland, but with a hint of salt and pepper, it was pretty tasty.  The bread that it came with was also delicious, all on its own.  I got the tomato soup, and man, it was definitely one of the better tomato soups I've been lucky enough to have.My server was great about the food coming out quickly, and was on top of my refills.  Very friendly, not over-crowding.I'll be back in the future with my partner to get a better feel for the beer (which I don't drink) and meat dishes (which I don't eat), but I'm happy with my first visit and will be back!
4	Excellent.  Can't say enough about the sampler plate & pulled pork sliders.  YUM!  Very fun place, lots of TVs and of course SPORTS always on!  Love going here.
4	This was my first time here, a fellow yelper recommended it.  We went during lunch time and I must say it was delicious.  I just followed my friends lead and we went with the huge sampler platter which was all full of goodies.  I don't remember the names of everything but the guacamole filled mini burrito things were so freakin good.  I then had the mini pulled pork sliders and loved em in fact my mouth is watering as I think about them right now.  Anyway great place for a lunch meeting.
4	I went to BJ's when I lived in California.  The one in Cupertino is nice and big.  I had some time to kill before I went to a movie and it was July 4th so some of the other places had closed early.  BJ's was pretty empty.  I bellied up to the bar and the bar tender was there instantly.  She was great!  She gave me a menu and gave me a minute to look over a wine list because, silly me, I thought I would have a glass of wine....what was I thinking?  The bartender told me they had a great seasonal brew so I said I would give it a try.  It was a heif...er.....hief....dang, I can't spell it...but you know what I mean and it was good!!  It has a nice cardomon finish but not overpowering at all.  I ordered a Santa Fe Salad and it was delish!  Nicely cooked chicken breast and cruncy tortilla strips.  The dressing was good but a little too much of it.  Still I would order it again but maybe ask for dressing on the side.  The service was stellar.  The bartender, which I could remember her name, was knowledgeable and she was pleasant.  We chatted a bit and she was the same with the other patrons at the bar too.  When you eat on your own it's nice to go somewhere where the service is friendly and welcoming.  They brew the beer here too.  All in all it's a great place with a pretty varied menu and good beer.
1	Man did this place suck.  Sunday night, dead as dead can be.  The only time we saw our waitress was to take our order and pick up my credit card.  We had to flag someone down in the middle of our meal to get some waters (which we never got)Food was sub par.  Avocado egg rolls were just deep fried guacamole.  It felt like I ate 2 avocados as an appetizer.  One minute after my first bite, we got our salads (now I'm feeling rushed) My wedge salad should have been called "Sliver Salad" or "Molehill Salad"  Not good.  Wife and I shared a pizza which was decent but nothing like the picture in the menu looked like.Truthfully, I would have returned all my dishes but there was no one to talk to.  I felt horrible for the table next to us.  They had triplets who couldn't have been older than 3.  They waited at least 15 minutes for the server to come up to them and another 15 minutes to get their drinks.My wife went to the bathroom and saw our waitress in there on the phone complaining to her friend about rent money.  She'd make that money if she focused on her tables.  We left her 10%.  I walked in planning on leaving her 50%.We'll never go back again.  What a shitty corporate establishment.My amber ale was good.
5	This review is going to be a bit lopsided because I only come in on Tuesdays for their drink specials.The food I've had has been really good: flat bread pizzas, spring rolls, lettuce wraps, burgers, and best of all, their pizookie. All of it is great every time. Tuesdays are definitely the days to go; $2 BJ's pints from 10 to close. You'd think the selection of brews to have on special is too narrow, but they've got a beer for anyone. My favorites so far have been the Jeremiah Red (pretty strong Irish red ale), the Nit Wit (Belgian spiced ale), Big Fish (a pale ale stronger than the Piranha pale ale), and the Grand Cru (10% Beligian!). The servers we've had over the past couple years have all been great and really friendly. Totally worth it, if only for the Tuesdays.
4	I went to BJ's for a group birthday celebration and overall had a good time. The grilled chicken potato was good as usual, as was the berry cider. Our service was a bit slow but the waitress was friendly and trying her best.
2	The Beer is good, most of the food is ok, but I have a big issue with BJ's.  They advertise their pizza as Chicago style deep dish.  When you order one, you'll know right away why there isn't a single location of this chain in Illinois.  The Pizza is more like something I'd expect to have ordered at Pizza Hut than anything I've had growing up in Chicago.Have a beer here before seeing a movie next door.  Other than that, there's way better places to eat in and around Chandler Fashion Center Mall.
1	I know it's a chain restaurant. I know it's in a mall. I know i shouldn't expect more but, I do. I have gone to BJ's many times in California and had consistently good results. Last friday I took a friend and my nephew to eat here and were very disappointed. The service was bad, the food mediocre at best and the prices were no value. I can understand if it was busy and the wait staff was swamped. But when people are standing around and you still have to flag them down for everything from water to the check, inexcusable. Also I am not opposed to paying for food that worth it but, this BJ's I could not justify anything.
4	The wings here are excellent.  I rate them at the top now that VooDoo Daddy's is no longer in business.  Their other food items are good as well.  Nothing too special, but very above average.The wait staff has always performed to my expectations.If you are a fan of rootbeer, this is the place for you.  They brew their own, and it is magnificent.  It's got a good bite to it.This place is able to accommodate different types of customers.  They have an outdoor seating area, they have a large bar equipped with flat screen TV's and surrounding bar tables, bar stools, & booths, they have their general dining area wrapped around the middle of those two areas.  I'd come here for the wings alone.
4	Very good food.  Good service, even when busy.  Their own microbrews.  What's not to like?
3	Ive been here a couple times.  The service is not too bad, but if you have somewhere to go, let them know in advance you're in a hurry... they like to take their time.Ive ordered their sandwiches a few times and have been somewhat satisfied with them.  Nothing incredible, but not horrible.   However I did order their nachos one time.  They bring out this mound of red, green, plain nachos with tons of cheese, chili, peppers, etc all over it.  I was thinking this is gonna be good.  After eating the top half of the nachos (the best part), I find myself tasting nothing  but salt salt and more salt.  in the end, im thinking "Would you like some nachos with your salt?"  Ive been here at least three times, and probably wont be rushing back anytime soon.
2	I guess I shouldn't have high expectations for a chain, but I was quite disappointed in this place. Went for happy hour with some friends who apparently like coming here (not sure why though). Although I will say that the service was awesome, the "good" ends there. The food, meh. We had some apps including calamari (kinda tough), spinach dip (I've had better), and the avocado rolls (the best out of the 3). Not super impressed with any of it. The drinks, they were made well, but at $4.75 for WELL on HAPPY HOUR - it really didn't make me very happy at all. Next time I will go somewhere else for happy hour where the food and drink prices really do make me happy.
5	Probably my favorite spot in this city to get Gluten Free pizza! They also take into account cross-contamination for us Celiac's, which means I can go out to eat without stressing or worrying over whether I will have a migraine with the hour. Anybody out there with similar dietary constraints can appreciate the significance of that. Besides the pizza, though, they have a pretty wide variety of GF dishes, and my non-Celiac friends and family always seem to find a dish they love, (my mom always gets one of their pastas). I go here once every few weeks, typically. Love it!
4	I eat here today. The service was good but not that I complain but we ask for four water and the waitress bring only three. Guess she is distracted. The food is good. I like it when my salad come with thousand island. Yes score! The nachos is okay with sauce but not with eating alone. I like mine salty. Otherwise, I don't have much complained.
4	Had a wonderful meal with friends at BJ's. They loved the avocado rolls as much as we did (BEST avocado spring rolls ever!) and we all ordered the California chicken sandwich. It did not disappoint! Service was fabulous--those Diet Cokes with vanilla just kept coming. And the Pizookie was a hit as well.
4	Good quality food & nice staff, our server SAM, rocks! She was attentive, kind, and full of knowledge about the food and refreshments. Try the Oktoberfest beer! Then make sure to have dessert--they can make the desserts in a smaller portion size. Mall parking, nice location and comfy and cozy atmosphere.
3	good beer selection...tried them all!  food menu is a wide as can be...a couple great salads I always get like the italian chopped (which the just changed...bummer) and the french fries are awesome.  the soup and salad endless combo at lunch is a winner
4	My husband and I were looking for somewhere to eat around Chandler fashion center that gave a mall employee discount, and really no place does. But when we asked at BJ's the manager said he'd give us 10% just because we asked. Can't promise they'll do that everytime, but it was pretty cool and we decided to eat there. We got the fried artichokes and stuffed mushrooms as appetizers, which were very good. Then we split the calzone for two and promised ourselves we'd pace ourselves and take some home. But it was too good and we ended up finishing it.Our server was pleasant and attentive. I have gone back roughly once a month and sit in the bar area killing time until my husband gets off work. The staff never minds and I usually have fun chatting with them on their slower nights. I prefer this location to the one at Park West in Peoria. The staff is much more friendly and apparently the location in Peoria does not have the same deals on Tuesdays.
3	I've tried to go to this place many times, but the days and times where always  a mistake as it can get really crowded. Spoiled for so long with 4 peaks, I had to give it a try no matter what. They have a long list of their own beers and that was the best. I had the Grand Cru seasonal and it was just fine. Food is ok too, but they seem to fill your taste with the presentation of massive dishes. I had a BBQ sandwich that was ok but nothing I would order again. French fries are good, but sorry I'm far too adapted now to the ones at 4peaks. Friday night or Saturday are the best days to go and frustrate yourself looking a spot to sit. Sunday for lunch worked much better.
5	What can I say, this place has it all. Great service, a hugh variety of food to choose from.I really like their pesto chicken grilled pizza, but I could go on forever with all my favorites. Check out there craft beers too.Simply delicious.
4	First time visiting BJs last night and I thoroughly enjoyed what I ordered: BBQ Ranch chicken salad with avocado added. The salad was fricken huge and I loved the crispy onions on top. It was cold and refreshing and divine! Hubby got the California burger and said it was ok. All in all, a decent place but was a bit pricey. 12.00 for my salad and 10.00 for his burger that wasn't very big. Strawberry lemonade was ok but Chili's has better. Pizookie was good but they are easy to make at home, not worth it to pay for one here. Service was good although my avocado was initially left off my salad. Would I go back? Yes I would but not often since its kinda pricey for what it is. Would get the salad again, maybe try their pizza, and some of their brews.
3	I remember coming to this location after a long day at work for HH. Not much has changed. The food choices are still extensive....lots of good beer on hand and the service is still as solid as ever. This is probably my favorite location out of this chain just because over the years, they have been consistent and that's a difficult thing to find nowadays.  I've always liked their fish tacos and calzones. You really can't go wrong here.
4	The Pizza rocks. I like the crust.
5	I love this place!  The staff is super friendly and the food is always good. I especially enjoy the bar area with all of the TVs for enjoying the games. I don't know the Manager's name but he was super helpful when we wanted to celebrate a friend's birthday.
4	Another restaurant Kevin and I frequent when we are out and about in Chandler. Good prices, and the food is consistently good. I love the vegetarian pizza. In fact, their pizzas are all pretty good. Kevin got the nachos last time, which he enjoyed. I am no beer critic, since I pretty much hate it, but since it is a brewery, I can only assume the beer is up to par. The service is also good, and I love how lively it always is, even at ten on a Monday night. I always walk away satisfied and with the confidence that I have not just wasted my money on mediocre food and drinks. Thanks for being a friend, BJ's!
4	I come to this establishment every tuesday...Well at least we try to come every tuesday for their awesome $2 draft beer on their beers and $5 mini pizzas. We also come for our favorite waitress who tends to be there when we are there most of the time. When Sam wasn't working her usual tuesday night shifts we were very upset because she always takes great care of us. Yes i come with multiple people because what fun is it with me myself and i during happy hours. Anyways my personal favorites are their spinach and artichoke pizza and their southwestern pizza with the chipotle sauce. I am DD every tuesday as well so i have to settle with their ever amazing berry cider brew. Girl Drink? Definitely. But hey im DD...All the time...So keeping it lite and simple woohoo...=]One day i will review the darker beers and leave a nice update when i try them which some day i hope to god will and not have to drive after a couple! Their food is usually pretty good nothing i would spend full price on though. I heard their jambalaya is out of this world which i have yet to try as well. And as soon i try that too i will put all the beers and other foods on my update i just need a better paying job to feel the need to pay for their bigger dishes when its not a happy hour deal.
4	I eat here at least once a week. The food is great and I also love how they've expanded their menu as of late to include dishes. I am a huge fan of their blackened salmon.
4	After hearing so much about BJ's, my brother and I went last night along with our pastor friend who lives just down the street.  We got the fried artichoke as an app, which was very good.  I had a baked potato with chicken and broccoli which was smothered in cheese and my brother had a chili cheese burger (those skinny fries are sooo good!).  Our friend had one of their BJ's deep dish pizza and I had a slice.  Not too greasy and with just the right about of crunch from the dough.  Then we topped it off with the red velvet pazooki, which was amazing!  But it's hard to go wrong with a pazooki.  The guys tried out a couple beers which they all thought were decent, but non of us are any sort of beer experts.  Overall the food was great and atmosphere was comfortable, but just a little loud.  Not the kinda place you want to go for peace and quiet, but not overbearing either.  Our server came to check up on us frequently and she was very polite.  Will come again!
3	We frequent BJ's on girl's nights. They have good food, a casual atmosphere and great beer. I would give it a higher rating if their prices were a little lower for the type of cuisine you get. Can't go wrong with the crispy artichoke hearts, the pizzas or a baked potato.
4	Oh BJ's... your manager saved you from getting a 2 star review. We came here to watch the Sharks during the NHL playoffs which was also during the NBA playoffs. Not even exaggerating, EVERY single TV had basketball on... so we asked our server if they could turn ONE TV to the sharks game. So they did and some douche bag at the bar gets upset because the TV in front of him was changed even when there were tons of seats at the bar right in front of the other TVs. Anyways, long story short guy complains, bartender agrees it was stupid to change it, and they change it back to basketball. We were pissed but thankfully, the manager did his rounds to make sure everything was okay and ended up changing another TV for us where we had a good view. Thank you!We come here very often during football and hockey season. Happy Hour is great, but make sure you sit in the bar area to get HH prices. The great white pizza is amazing, and so is the pizookie! I like it here because it's a great place to come with the family and have a beer!
3	I was pretty disappointed with our visit here, we were expected so much more. The food was actually pretty good. We got the appetizer sampler combo and there was plenty of food on it. The avocado eggrolls are the best! I was not a fan of the california club flatbread appetizer pizza. I like the texture of the crust, but not a big fan of the toppings. I did not think the aioli that was drizzled on it went well with the pizza. But, you may like it because my girlfriend loved it.The big disappointment was actually the beer surprisingly. i actually enjoyed my hefeweizen very much. Light, full-bodied and flavorful. The red I tried wasn't very good however. My girlfriend's stout was a huge disappointment. It was actually one of the worst stout we have ever had. Not a lot of flavor and had a weird aftertaste. I actually had better experiences with the BJs in California more, I don't know why. Each chain is a little different I guess.
5	Service is always great, and the waiters are plesant and nice to have serve you.  This is one of my favorite breweries to come too.  They have a good selection of beer that is made in house, and you can also get a growler of any type to take home (or home made root beer, which is also amazing)  I have never had anything less than a great meal in the around 60 times I have ate here.
3	Brak likes BJ's. For a "brew house" kind of joint, the food is WAY above average.  Some of the servers have been here for years and are great.  Others are horrendous - we've had service ranging from outstanding to unacceptable here.  But the food has been consistently good.  Brak likes the chicken parm lunch special.  The marinara sauce has an extra spicy kick that's both unusual and very tasty.  Would have granted 4 stars if not for the spotty service.  But the food has been consistently good, and is a regular spot on our office lunch rotation.
4	Just as an FYI to you all they have ended the 2 dollar drafts on Tuesday nights. Apparently it is nation wide and i am extremely upset about this even though i am always DD but still i love their berry cider that is the most amazing cider ever! It just goes hand and hand with their 5 dollar mini pizzas Tuesday nights! but not anymore....2 dollar drafts please come back!
5	Enjoyed a night out with an old friend! Had some beer and potato skins and they were fantastic. I love the atmosphere, its warm-themed and and dimmed. Service was great :)
4	For a brewery type restaurant they do a pretty good job, in fact mabe the best one in town for me. Most of these type of places do a very mediocre jobs with a very extensive menu. BJ's has a great gluten free options. the pizza is very good, probably the best I've had in town. good selection of beers. service is always pretty good.
2	The food was probably a 3 star, but the service and the price were definitely a one star deal.  I think if the server had deigned to crack a smile (Adam I think) his face would have broke.  And it was so overpriced it wasn't funny.  $9 for a mediocre margarita, are you kidding me?     We ended up spending like $50 for lunch, what a bunch of bs.  Would never go back unless unless someone else was paying.
4	Started with a wedge just to pick something simple. Theirs is really good because their blue cheese is savory blue. Their root beer is smoothe too.I believe that I may  need to re-visit the place soon so that I can really say more about this that does not just sound stereotypical. What I recall is that I loved the food and that there were some service faux pas.  So, I want to give it another go.  Yelp lovers...bear with me.  I usually do not wait so long to follow up on my reviews that I start.  But I can confirm a really good wedge.
4	Since I am so anti dives and pubs, this place is a good middle ground for me and my guy friends. It's a great place for happy hour - I love the nice ambiance and cleanliness, they love the huge beer list.And since it's right at Chandler Mall, I love that we can grab a drink, and I can hit up the sales. Perfect!
4	I went to BJs for the first time for a dinner with some old co-workers.  I read the reviews before I went so I had an idea of some of the areas where I might have problems.  I am happy to say that my experience was a good  one.  It was a Sunday evening so that might have helped since it was not very crowded.  The weather was nice so our group of 5 sat on the  patio.  The service we received was very good.  He was attentive and funny.  Also was helpful deciding what to order from the enormous menu.  I had their Pumpkin Ale.  It was decent.  I liked it better than Blue Moon's Pumpkin Ale since I could actually taste hints of spices.  I will definitely try other varieties of their own brews when I return.  Two of the other girls in my group went for the root beer.  I tasted it and it was good but I'm not enough of an expert to say it was any different than A&W in a can.  The other two had mixed drinks and found them to be a bit pricey - $9 for a frozen mixed drink?  The table started with chips and salsa.  Nothing special there at all.  I would pass on that in the future.  I ended up having the steak salad and it was very good.  I liked the touch of the roasted potatoes.   All in all a good visit but the food is on the high side so I can't see myself going there often.  If they had a reverse happy hour like Gordon Biersch I could see myself going more, but due to the price I will save trips here for special treats or during their happy hour in the day.
5	We had the best service ever!!!!!!!!  We sat on the patio and our waitress was Taylor.  She was so attentive, we got our food right away and of course it was delicious!!One thing that was very odd was that we wanted to speak to her manager to tell her what great service we had, then the manager came out and acted like we were wasting her time.  It was the strangiest thing?????  Just not sure if she wasen't interested in what we were saying, or she had other things that she was doing.So I would give Taylor 5 STARS, and the manger 1 STAR!!!!
3	BJ's has a very large menu, too large I think. When you have large chain restaurants with huge menu's you already know that they are trying to cater to the masses rather than producing a really quality specialty item. For the most part I was pleased with my order. I went with the Creole Tilapia, which is on their under 575 calorie menu. I considered the Chicken A La Fresca but the waiter advised me that it wasn't that great. I was very appreciative of his insight and honesty. The beer they serve was pretty good as well. On tap they have everything from a light beer to a nutty oatmeal stout. If you aren't sure what you're in the mood for then BJ's is a good place to go as they have descent food and tons of it.
4	Ecstatic to know that they offer gluten free menu and that now they have a gluten free pazooki!
4	While I am not usually a fan of corporate restaurants and brewpubs, BJ's in Chandler is an exception to the rule. The beer is fresh as it is brewed on site and they usually have a couple of offerings that set them apart from the main street amber ale brewpub crowd. The best deal is the all you can eat soup and salad at lunch for around $8.00. Food is above average pub food and the pizzas are a ok. They also make root beer for the kids.
3	This place was surprisingly better than I thought it would be. I went here for lunch with my grandma yesterday and it was alright. The one thing I really didn't like was that their menu had too many different types of food and the lunch specials, although plentiful, didn't look all that good to me. So we decided to share a few apps. We got the spring rolls, lettuce wraps, and the mozz and tomato salad. The salad was pretty good, the balsamic on it was tangy and it was a decent deal at 3$. The spring rolls were also just alright....they were like a tex mex spring roll....the plate has a lot of rolls, but the sauces they serve with it weren't very spicy or flavorful. The lettuce wraps were kind of the same way.... they were a bit bland, not bad, but not good. We ended the meal with the triple chocolate pizookie. This was the best part....super chocolatey and delicious. I'd go back if I were in the area, but for the price, it isn't anything special.
5	The food and beer here is the same as at any other BJ's location--consistently solid. The customer service at this location is excellent, however. My friend spilled her beer while trying to maneuver into the booth, and the manager not only replaced the beer, but found her a BJ's t-shirt in the back to wear home.  Totally above and beyond the call of duty.
3	BJs is hit and miss...I've had good food there, and I've had mediocre food there. I've never had a "great" meal, but that's not really what you're paying for or should expect. Everything is pretty ordinary, salads and appetizers are alright, entrees are alright. Service and environment is good typically, and they have some really good beers and good specialty items. Their draft root beer is amazing, and I would end every meal with a BJs pazookie if doing so meant I wouldn't drop dead from heart failure at 35. I like their burgers pretty well, but they took their classic burger off the menu, which was a bummer. It was really good, so that's too bad. It's a good place to watch a game or to grab a bite if you're in Chandler, but it's never going to wow you. I'm sure I'll be back soon enough, because it's a solid, reliable place to get a pretty good meal.
5	I love this sports bar!  Their menu has something for everyone and everything I have tried was better than average.As you know I'm a salad girl and a good fresh salad is a must, check... they have this.Their personal size pizza is loaded with cheese and toppings and is good to split as an appetizer or order and devour by yourself. NOTE: Happy Hour has 1/2 price pizza and other appetizers in the bar.The restaurant is large enough for a group and yet personal enough for a date.Our service was great and the bathrooms are clean.  Five stars!
4	Way above average corporate food. Beer selection is excellent. Food is good and service is way above average. My only complaint with the place is the menu. Do I really need to read through a 20 page book to figure out what I want? If you're looking for someplace to kickback and relaxed with a good brew and good food; BJ's is hard to beat
5	If you want a big and tasty burger get the black and blu burger its so goood! Very juicy
5	5 star deep dish pizza.  Great sandwiches, good service.  Call ahead to see how long the wait is.  They turn tables quick and staff up so wait time isn't bad.   Located in front near Chandler mall fountains.  You can walk around with pager.
4	I've been going to BJ's for lunch since they opened.  The food is 5/6 on a scale of 10, but what brings me back is the atmosphere.  It's very comfortable and inviting whether a party of two or twelve.  It's a "must lunch" for out of town guests due to the handcrafted beer selection.  Always a hit and now a "tradition."  First BJ's - then bowling.  After a few Ales, Blondes, Stouts, and Reds, no one cares how many pins they knock down (hee, hee, hee)!  If you haven't been, you should go!  I prefer lunch.  Dinner is crowded.
1	I'm not quite sure exactly how I feel about this place. I took my family (6 ppl) there for my adult sons birthday. The atosphere was great, the decor was very nice, but the service and the food, not so much.First we had been waiting so long for a table that my family started getting upset that there were families coming after us who were being seated before us and they were just coming in not waiting like we were. It was painfully obvious that the girl running the seating, was very inexperienced and they need someone with more experience. We were finally seated after about 45 minutes and were really looking forward to having a positive experience. Well, there is always hope. First the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed. I use to waitress, you never ever ever rush the people you're waiting on. Then it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and the only people who recieved water were the people drinking alcohol. There use to be a time that they put in on your table the minute that you sat down.To make it short and sweet, the food. Waaaay over priced for what you get. The appetizers were just ok. Nothing to get thrilled over. My daughters fish was over cooked, the hawiian rice that it came with was too sweet, there was nothing balancing it out. My sons huge Black & Blue Burger had this little tiny bit of blue cheese on it. My giant baked patato cost over $8 and the toppings were hardly enough for a mini potato. About 5 minutes after I ordered it, I told the waitress that I had changed my mind and she told me that it was too late. Really too late to change my mind on a baked potato? You have got to be kidding me.  I spent almost $200 and left disappointed, that should never happen.
3	I'm kind of in the middle with BJs Brewery I like to go here for lunch every once in a while. Overall the atmosphere is what tends to bring me back its very inviting and relaxing. The food is good I really enjoy their Santa Fe spring rolls as an appetizer, the pizzas are always up to par and lets not forget their skookie they have for dessert yumm!!!  I also love that they have pear cider on tap here where many other places I'm lucky if they serve it at all. Overall its worth stopping in and giving it a try.
5	I've been to BJ's a lot through the years mainly for lunch and sometimes for dinner. Their beers are excellent. My favorite is the pirahna ale. Everything that I have ordered is always excellent brewery food. My favorite lunch is the California Club flatbread pizza but you can't go wrong with the soup and salad or the sliders. They have a huge menu too. C'mon it's a brewery so you just know that it awesome.
5	The best steak salad I've ever had! Love the fresh brewed beers too! Excellent menu with choices for everyone including gluten free. Every time I go to Chandler for business, I have to stop in at BJ's at least twice!!
3	Ok. So one of the lunch companions in our"foodie club" is actually THE Duke at this very establishment. Yup. THAT many check-ins.I'm not really sure exactly what benefits a title like "Duke Of BJ's" would get you. Perhaps it might get you out of a speeding ticket or get you backstage at a classic rock dinosaur reunion show but you might end uphaving to "prove" your credentials. So anywaythis place is never my first choice but itgets voted in our rotation so I'm a regular here. The lunch special tacos are light andmake for a decent lunch. The miso salmon isalso good although a bit pricey. And I mustsay the Chicken Parmigiana is also quite doable. Came here once for a happy hour andappetizers were meh. Also, you never knowwhat level of service you'll get. We've gotsome very professional and courteous waitressesand we also have had our share of either totallyclueless or just plain rude waitresses. Wenever have seen the latter a second time so that's a good thing.
4	After a full day of shopping and going out, my mom and my friend Austin were starving! We were down in the Awatukee/Chandler area doing some shopping at Ikea, and decided we needed something to eat stat.  We didn't feel like driving very far, so we circled through the mall to see what we could find.We decided on BJ's as none of us had been there before and the menu looked really good from the outside. Its a beer brewery, but seems to have a really good menu of food items when eating here.  We got seated right away and our server was a real nice gal who answered all our questions.I went with the roast beef sandwich Au jus.  It came with white horseradish and was delicious!  My mom went with the tomato bisque soup and ceaser salad, and my friend Austin ate the bacon cheeseburger with some fries.  OMG food was so good!Water and beverages were filled quickly without being asked, and everyone here was happy.  I would love to come here and drink, as they have an awesome drink menu, but since I was driving everyone all over town AND we were with my mom, I guess I'm going to have to come back another time and get my adult beverage on here!I will say, the only negative thing I have to say about this place was that it was freezing inside! It was so cold that my mom had to go outside to warm up.  It was quite cold, but I was able to stick it out, but when my mom was outside warming up, so befriended another customer who was outside trying to warm up too!
3	This place is good.  I have nothing bad to say...it's your standard brewery type place...although the menu is the like the size of Cheesecake Factory's.  Depending on how busy it is, service can be really good, to fair.  We don't go out of our way to go here, but if we're in the area, we'll drop in occasionally.
1	We had guests visiting from California, so we decided to take them out to BJ's for dessert for their famous pizookie! What a horrible idea. Each one of us had it, and each one of us got sick. I mean sick like vomiting and diarrhea! Will never go back there again.
4	We really love the food, atmosphere and beer!  Watched the NBA finals the other night and it was perfect.
4	Went here the first night in Surprise, AZ with my sister, her boyfriend, and my husband. We were visiting them for a few days and they highly recommended this place. We got the pot stickers and mozzarella sticks and both were very delicious. My husband had the porkchop and said it was very good. I got the small bite meatballs and they were very good. My sister got the small bite mac and cheese and we all tried a bite of it and it was very good. Her boyfriend got a hamburger and said it was ok. This place was reasonably priced and it was worth going to.
2	I think that BJ's is a hit-and-miss kind of place. Today was just meh. We three gals were out to lunch before a movie at the Chandler Mall location. The menu is huge, the TV's are on with sports action, the drinks were cold, service is adequate, and the food is too. We all had salads - three different salads actually. I had the ahi tuna and though the tuna was plentiful throughout, the tuna was way too peppery and the salad was soggy. One of my friends had the Thai chicken mango salad with the dressing on the side, which made it a lot less goopy. My other friend had the honey crisp chicken salad but the chicken was missing-in-action. It sure didn't look like the picture. Our server was unfamiliar with the menu and couldn't answer our questions. Maybe she was new? I know that it's tough to be a waiter/waitress and they sure do work hard. But hey, a smile and some friendly service goes a long way with me.
5	I do my ratings and reviews based off of Customer Service, Quality, Taste, and portion size of the food and drinks, and the cleanliness and style of the restaurant.....This is by far a new favorite place for me and my husband..... Me, my mother, husband and 5 month old son went to the restaurant on a weekday night around 10:00pm after leaving the movies..... ( We Saw "Brave" Great Movie) Anyhow, lets get right to the important stuff when we entered the restaurant it was very clean, the setting was very romantic, it is a very smooth relaxing place for grown mature adults and families....  We received Friendly customer service immediately as soon as we walked through the door.... Since it was a pretty late  Monday nite  it wasn't too busy so, our waitress informed us that we could sit wherever we pleased.... We took a seat in a nice big round booth that was pretty comfy.... The waitress was very nice and pleasant..... Their menu is huge they have everything from Lobsters to burgers, salads, pizza and everything in between except for breakfast.... They specialize in freshly brewed beer and drinks.... Me and my husband don't drink so unfortunately I can't give a review on the alcohol.... Once seated the waitress took our drink order and me and my mom ordered they're Strawberry-Lemonade...... It was cool and refreshing, very tasty, the drink had plenty of strawberries the lemonade was not tart or too sweet, it was just right..... The waitress told us that they make it fresh every morning.... They actually charge per glass for the strawberry-lemonade..... But, our waitress gave us free re-fills...... (So in return she received a huge tip) So on to the best part.... (I did taste everyone's dish)The food was Hot, freshly made, and very flavorful....  My mother ordered grilled pork chops with mashed potatoes and veggies.... Her meal also came with this awesome sauce which I will get into in a moment....  The grilled pork chops were so tender and juicy the seasonings and flavors were just right..... I will most definitely be ordering that next time I go again..... They also gave my mom this great vinaigrette, red wine, mustardy, type of sauce for the pork chops.... The sauce was amazing.... The mashed potatoes where fresh and hand mashed or blended (either way it wasn't instant mashed potatoes) They were red potatoes and they were seasoned just right and they were delicious.... (my 5month old son loved them) The mixed veggies were steamed and seasoned lightly.... They still had a nice crisp to them and great bright color..... Now my husband he ordered the salmon with veggies and white rice.... His salmon was very moist and  tasty......  The rice was lite and fluffy..... The veggies were crispy and very refreshing.... My husband had water with his meal....Last but not least, I ordered the steak salad... The salad was green, fresh, crispy and cool it had romaine lettuce and a lot of other great healthy greens.... the salad came with a very flavorful vinaigrette dressing.... they placed the steak on the side of the plate.... I think that they were a little stingy with the steak.... but other than that the steak was juicy cooked med-well and had a great taste..... The salad was very fulfilling and tasty..... it also came with a piece of bread and it was good nothing to brag about..... Overall this is one of my favorite restaurants.... Me and my husband usually go here for our date nites and when we want to be romantic..... Its a great atmosphere and the food is amazing.....
3	Please turn up the AC!!! The food was ok, just not very excited about this place. Best thing about it is the Light switch beer.
4	So this is actually one of my best places to go for happy hour. Good drink selection and a nice ambiance. Second time around did not disappoint me. Calamari was great and do try to Mediterranean veggie pasta dish....very healthy.
4	We are a regular at this particular location.  It is a great place to hang out.  The portions are large and we frequently share a dish.  The atmosphere is enjoyable.  It is a sports bar that actually feels like a nice restaurant.Great value.  We go there once a week.
4	BJ's might not be a Mom and Mom/local establishment, but when you've found yourself at a ubiquitous Shopping Center/Movie Theater and you're hungry...it's more of an oasis than say, Sbarros? But, I digress...The menu is crazy varied- You want something with an Asian flair, Mexican, or Italian? They've got it all --- Plus nicely crafted brews. Oh, and the notorious pizzookie.Ask the servers what they would recommend. They're more familiar with menu...and I have yet to be steered wrong direction.
5	Absolutely delicious!
5	The family and I love this place, as does anyone I've taken there. First time I went I had a cheeseburger pizza - huge and delicious. Their beer is great too - brewed right on the spot. The fish tacos are fantastic-- it says a lot about a place that every time you go, everything you try, is just great. You'll pay a little bit, but it's worth it.
4	I've gone here a few times and have always liked the food and service. I like coming for their happy hour (and reverse happy hour). Their menu is huge (think Cheesecake Factory) but everything I have had is good. The ambience of the restaurant is nice, not a big place but it's cool to see the brewery through the glass next to the restaurant. I would recommend the pizza!! They also do a pizza cookie but I LOVE the fact they have a brownie...mmm! They also do a trio of cookies, which is amazing. The only con's would be price and their chips & salsa. Both can be improved :)
4	My man had a wild hair to go here tonight and so we went. We both ordered top sirloin, but his came with a bleu cheese butter sauce on top. Mine came with no toppings, and the waitress didn't offer steak sauce. Hmm. Since I like my steak well done, one would surmise that I would probably want something to dip it in or pour over it, n'est-ce pas? But no. We waited for her to come back, he asked her for steak sauce and she comes back and puts it on HIS side of the table. You know, the side with the steak that already has a topping. Uhduh? Also, I ordered my steak well done and it was perfect, albeit DRY as there was no sauce and I almost choked on it. But he ordered his medium, and it came out with no pink. Huh?All in all, a good deal for the dinners which were around $16 each. Good calamari app. Nom nom. The wine I chose was delicious - a blend, they're usually better. The garlic mashed potatoes were yummy too. This is the 2nd time we've dined here since moving to Phoenix and I still give it a thumbs up. The first time I enjoyed the "Enlightened Thai Chicken Mango Salad" and highly recommend it if you're into that kind of dish. But if you order steak, be careful to order it less done than you really want it. I probably could've played hockey or maybe football with mine. Good gracious.No other snafu's tonight, except that the tables outside were a bit too close and as the large party next to us was being seated, my boyfriend had a bunch of butts in his face. Back that ass up, ladies....actually, WE had to push our table away twice. And later a waiter was trying to carry like a million plates away from a table and of course he dropped them and scared us, giving us a few more grey hairs (thanks a lot). This stuff happens and it's like eh, whatever, who cares. But these details do kind of dampen the ambiance. Really love the large selection of everything! Iron out the deets, BJ's Brewhouse!
4	Wanted to have a nice ambiance and good food while on the a business trip here.Found BJ location quite nearby and it didn't disappoint. I hadn't try there sandwich before so gave a shot for the chicken club sandwich with thin fries. I have to say the bread and chicken used is perfect combo with just the correct seasoning. I also tried the italian soda - orange flavor, it was yummy and free refills :)
4	Great ambience and food.
4	This is a nice place to relax and have a drink or a meal while you're in the Chandler mall area. It's actually on the mall property, so it's easy walking distance from the mall itself and the nearby Harkins theater. I recommend hitting them for happy hour between 3-7 weekdays and then taking in some shopping or a movie.The menu is rather extensive and most of the offerings are quite tasty. The avocado egg rolls in particular stand out, and they usually have interesting offerings like bratwurst sliders and other bar food. Some of the beers really stand out, and this is why you'd want to visit BJ's in the first place. If they have the seasonal Grand Cru, definitely give it a try, but don't plan on driving anywhere any time soon, as it's a very strong brew (10% abv). The porter and stout are very good. The hefeweizen is a bit watery and underwhelming.
4	The stout is my favorite here... great place for happy hour. Cheap beer and the mini pizzas are half off. The pizookie alone should get 5 stars. My only complaint? Too many choices. You would think that is a good thing... well its not. I get so overwhelmed with choices I end up getting the same thing every time. Food prices are a bit high. They could certainly tone down the portions a bit, nobody should ever finish an entire serving here... its always way too much food.
5	This is my fav Chandler, AZ restaurant for good reason. Amazing pizza and amazing cali chicken sandwich and AMAZINGGGG PIZOOKIES, too bad my north east friends have no idea what the hell a pizookie is but this is the shit. The best thing to grace the designation of dessert is the white chocolate macadamia nut pizookie. Great prices too this place really knows how to get you to come back.Relatively quick service on balance, lots of TVs for watching games. I haven't had the beer yet but its a brewery so I'm sure its good.
2	Slow service and cold nachos. I did like the seasonal Red Beer but the food and service were disappointing. My family has been conning here for years and while the food was never amazing, it was consistent and what I expected. This time food and service was both poor. We waited for ever the check and finally had to grab someone after ten minutes of not seeing our server again. Next time I'll just have the beer.
5	Love it!
3	Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and serviceFood lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.
4	Great beer! If it was the beer by itself I were rating, bj's would get 5 stars.The blond and piranha pale ale are my favorites. Food is good, but service is hit or miss(never actually had terrible service, however only once had fantastic service). I go for the beer! And you should too!
4	I've been to quite a few restaurant/breweries, but BJ's has to be one of the best. This one in particular (Chandler, AZ) seemed brand new and had all sorts of indoor and outdoor dining options. The high ceilings made it feel open and welcoming, and the bar was quite the sight to see. Prices were very reasonable and our waitress was prompt and friendly. BJ's has a HUGE menu; there's something for everybody here, but the deep dish pizzas are definitely what you write home about.The only reason I can't award this BJ's full marks is because the address on the website wasn't accurate (we had to call the restaurant because our GPS/maps apps all took us to an incorrect location) and one person in our party received something she didn't order, prompting an extended dining experience.Otherwise, BJ's in Chandler has a great atmosphere, delicious food, and good beer. I highly recommend the "Great White" pizza!
3	3.5 starsNice ambiance, okay food, good beer on tap. We went for reverse happy hour ($2 off of shareable apps, half off pizza). We tried the avocado egg rolls, ahi poke, and nachos. The egg rolls were pretty good but everything else was okay.
2	Beer is ok.Food...meh.After watching more restaurant rescue shows than are healthy I should have learned a long time ago that any place with a menu the size of a phone book does mediocre food at best.  BJs is no exception to this rule.The menu appeared to be heavy on pizza like products so I figured going that direction was the best bet...so I ordered a flat bread.  It was supposed to have tomatoes, cheese and sausage.  Tomatoes, yes.  Cheese, yes.  Sausage...not so much.  There were a few (and I mean a few, sausage piece like substance on the flat bread, but I wouldn't say it was enough to qualify as saying the flat bread had sausage.As for the bread part of the flat bread it was crispy in parts and soggy in parts.  Overall not a good effort.So assuming you can't make the most prominent thing on your menu (pizza like products) well it is fair to assume that the products on the other 90 pages of the menu (yes an exaggeration...its probably only 12 pages long) are, in all likelihood, mediocre also.
5	This is not your usual sports bar fare.  The Thai Chicken salad is amazing! Juicy chicken, fresh avocado & a delicious dressing on fresh greens. I'm embarrassed to say I ate every bite!You can get the usual items on a sports bar menu but the difference is they take the care to make sure everything is top quality.  I haven't had anything here that wasn't fresh and well prepared.The servers are friendly and attentive.  I don't give 5 stars easily but this establishmenttakes the time and puts in the effort to deserve it.
4	My boyfriend and I frequent this location often for it's awesome happy hour after we get off of work. I really enjoy the martinis and the food is always pretty awesome. Sometimes service is a bit slower but maybe they just need someone else on the floor. I like this place and they are open late!
4	Great place for good food during HH! I invited my picky friends here and they loved the food! Yes yes yes, they have an "enlighted" delish menu. BIG thumbs up for that. Menu is similar to that of Cheesecake Factory? super long w/so many choices. We had the shrimp lettuce wraps on the patio and Chicken ala fresca with veggies (minus rice).  It was prepared exactly as asked. One friend had the burger grill which looked super yummy...They even have a "light" version of the draft for you beer consumers ;) Overall? Dont let the name fool you, this place is good for a really nice, clean, healthy, fun and chilaxin time. Enjoy!
1	What is that smell?!? Just walked in, had to leave to throw up... Didn't make it past the hostess stand :/
3	Food was good. But I don't feel like our server paid much attention to us until we had to call out excuse me a few times. I came with my niece and I myself look pretty young so I felt like she didn't care much about us cause she thought we were just kids or something. Lol. But nonetheless I'll probably be coming back to try other items, hopefully I won't have that server again!
4	This place has one of the largest menus I've seen in a while. To top it all off the food is pretty frickin' good. The burgers are better than many other chain restaurants I've tried. The pizza is surprisingly great. And the appetizers are good enough to make it a main meal.
3	I had to go for a work function. I feel obligated to write something since it's a restaurant and this is Yelp, and I ate food. As I get older, I get less tolerant of chain food. BJ's is so prototypical, that I couldn't stay for very long. The service was agitating at best... food was sub-par. I truly hope I dont have to go back anytime soon. I gave 3 stars because some people like chain food, and this was only below average, not horrible.
3	Decided it was time for a half-pound burger, had their bacon burger which was very good.  Not a real fan of the ambience and might stop by here on occasion.
3	I really like going to BJs when I am in town visiting my family. They have a HUGE menu so everyone can get exactly what they want. But much like the Cheesecake Factory, everything on the menu is not great. In my opinion, the pizzas and pasta dishes leave much to be desired. The sandwiches, soups, burgers, salads, and appetizers are very yummy. My favorite is the clam chowder in a bread bowl. So. Good.This appears to be a great place for groups.The staff is very accommodating, and attentive, and the restaurant is very big. Friday and Saturday nights are generally packed with people, understandably so with the good food, relaxed atmosphere, and the beer/drink menu. If possible, I would call ahead or be prepared for wait a bit.As I mentioned before, this place has an extensive beer and alcohol menu. My dad and uncle love this place for the beers, and I love this place for the cocktails. I have not been for happy hour, but I hear it is great. Definitely A-OK place for lunch/dinner in Chandler. I think as far as places go in the area, this is top notch.
4	I had a parmesan chicken sandwich there and it was really good. my bill was average too. service was nice and relatively quick. I'd definitely go again for lunch.
4	I went to BJ's for Father's day with my family and had a great experience. The waitress often checked on us, the wait was a little 20 mins even after we called ahead. The food was deliciously fresh. The menu has a large selection for anyone. I ordered the buffalo wings and there wasn't a single flaw in them. I love the hand-crafted root beer. My brother ordered the ribeye and was over cooked, sent it back for medium rare and got another medium well! I guess they're not a steak place. No bread like the other restaurants, which was a bummer!
4	I usually order from the small plate menu but decided to go with a shrimp pasta dish the last time I was there. Unfortunately it wasn't great, or good, only blah. Too little shrimp and way too much pasta. The flavor was bland, so bland that I had to constantly pepper each bite. I'm going to stick with what I enjoy best, the small plates.
4	I tried 2 of the new bbq menu items this time around and I was not disappointed.  The Corn Fritters with the bacon aioli (which I posted a picture of) were super delicious and only $2.95, I was sad that I had to share...The Jallejulah fries (also pictured) where good too, not as spicy as I would have liked but it was definitely a unique taste.I had the grilled Mahi Mahi Mahi tacos (guess what? there's also a picture of these!) off the lunch menu and they were quite good.  The tacos came with chips and a small dish of salsa and guacamole.  Not a big fan of the guacamole, it was too soupy for my taste. My friend had chicken tenders they looked good but I didn't try them.The lunch and happy hour prices are really good.  I love going for happy hour and having the mini pizzas.  Plus I'm a rewards member, so I get points for eating there.
4	Holy crap, the mac n cheese. My friend Syd had the Club which she gave me a bite of and it was amazing. We each had a different kind of beer, I had the blonde which I hadn't tried before. Delicious. Also- I love the atmosphere, it's open space and seating makes it so you aren't IN someone else's conversation. We sat in the bar area at a table before we saw a movie, and the only negative was how long everything took. They were really packed and only had one server on, so it wasn't surprising but we were really hungry.
4	Finally tried BJ's. It is one of those menus like The Cheesecake Factory. Not as bad though, but slightly long and overwhelming. Best part was that I was finally let in on the secret of the Pizookie! YUM!!! I went with the traditional chocolate chip and was not in the least bit disappointed! I could eat those all day....This location: busy, but service was good especially for how busy they were. Food I tried:Avocado Egg Rolls--my favorite! So yummy!Mac and Cheese--my least favorite. Dry and tasteless.Roasted Vegetable and Goat Cheese Flatbread--I love anything with goat cheese!Great White Pizza--not bad, not good, did the trick.Pizookie-SEE ABOVE AMAZINGNESSSSSSS
4	Came here of my Birthday dinner with my girlfriend. I haven't been here since probably they opened way back in the day. It is one of my girlfriends favorite places and after the first place we were going to go to was full of obnoxious drunk people I decided we should come over here after hearing her talk about it. It turned out to be a great decision.There was a 20 minute wait when we arrived but that was not a big deal and not to bad for a Saturday night at a place at a mall. We put in our name and we were given a buzzer so we waited. The hostess even used my name when we came back in when the buzzer went off. Not a big deal but a nice touch. Most places ask for a name and never use it. The place was pretty busy but still not too loud. We got a nice booth and started to look over the menu. They had a lot of stuff that looked good. My girlfriend advised against any pasta dishes as she felt they didn't measure up. Of course she is part Italian so she is going to be a touch critic on Italian dishes. I saw the double cheese burger and my eyes lit up. Can't pass that up. Well it turned out to be a good and bad thing. That burger was HUGE but so good. Big patties, bacon, cheese and everything else. Cooked just how I wanted it. Very good. As got the spicy potato wedges, another tip from the girlfriend, they were delicious. Good thing I was hungry from swimming most of the day but I still couldn't quite finish it. Also I was saving some room for a Pizookie. Which I had never had and my girlfriend never goes to BJs without getting one.I ordered the triple chocolate one and even though there was a little bit of a wait for it, they don't make it until you order it, it was so worth the wait. So ooey and gooey and good. I will definitely be having one too every time we come back here.Overall, I really liked this place. Maybe won't get such a huge burger next time but I will be back. I also really like their in house beer. I had the Scottish ale and it was really good. I would like to try more of their different beers next time.There will definitely be a next time. This was a great Birthday dinner capping off a great day.
2	We had a mixed experience here today.  I'll start with the positive:  The appetizer platter we got was very good and the kids LOVED the mozzarella sticks.  The adults enjoyed the avocado spring rolls, the other kind of spring rolls (not sure what they were called), and the artichoke dip with chips. The beers we selected were also good.  I loved mine, but once again I can't remember the name (it was the one our waitress said was the closest to a blue moon beer).  Lastly their thin and crispy fries were wonderful!  Ok, so now for the bad:  The men in our group ordered some kind of chicken tacos and the other ordered a personal size pizza...both were TINY portions.  I was not thrilled with the so called sourdough bread that my California chicken sandwich was on...the bread tasted a little burnt.  The worst thing about this meal was that the waitress announced that they were out of the chocolate chip pazookie dessert for the rest of the evening....WHAT?!  When you have little kids that look forward to this dessert, it is not a good thing when you are told that!  This was a late Saturday afternoon...how do you not have plenty of those desserts on hand for a SATURDAY NIGHT????  I still enjoyed the white chocolate and macadamian nut mini pazooki that I got and the kids liked the cookies and cream one they tried.  The pazookies at Oreganos are still better in my opinion....Anyway, not sure if we will be going here again, but maybe we'll try the deep dish pizza next time.
5	Great pizza!   I ate here tonight and thoroughly loved their signature deep dish pizza - absolutely fantastic.  BJ's has a great atmosphere too.
5	My 2nd time at BJ's was last week. This is a busy business, but has adequate seating between the bar, the huge and beautiful restaurant and outside patio seating. We waited around 15-20 minutes on a busy night, but definitely worth it.Sometimes you go places and the menu is so small that it's either really easy or really hard to make a decision. Not the case with BJs! The menu is practically a bedtime storybook, which is awesome because you get to decide from a huge array of dishes, but also a pain because you want to eat everything, as in the case of myself! Boyfriend got the buffalo chicken wonton tacos for an app and he enjoyed them. He had the lighter option pork chops and enjoyed those as well. I had a burger and fries and it was very good. Service was good, too! Another great thing is the dessert menu, which has a lot of good options, especially more than the average restaurant. (I'm not lying! See here: http://www.bjsrestaurants.com/menus/desserts). Opted for the Baked Beignet, but they were out of it, so 2nd choice was the Oreo Cookies N Cream Pizookie! It was suuuuper delicious. I joined their rewards club and always get e-mails for deals, so I suggest signing up, it's worth it! Cannot wait to go back, just wish it was closer to my place!
4	I was pleasantly suprised at how good my steak was! Love their beer too.. definitely a fan of their house hefe
4	Awesome spot!
3	The atmosphere here is pretty nice for a weekend dinner. The massive TVs always have a good game on to watch. The food is pretty good but not amazing. The pasta was decent. The pizza is there area they shine.
2	I ordered the avocado roll as usual but this time it was complete mush and have the worst a flavor ever this has always been my favorite dish and I always order it...as a main dish I ordered the barbecue beef sandwich .....the bread was hard ,as a rock the cheese wasn't melted and the beef was overcooked and crunchy this was terrible food at this restaurant this time I won't be back.   this BJ Brewhouse was the most disappointing I have ever been to.
3	Honestly this is the worst BJ's I've ever been to. Service was slow. Root Beer tap was broken. Spinach and artichoke dip was cold when we got it. Pizookie was not fresh. Just not the best. My sandwich was still great which is why this is a 3. Could have been worse.
2	It pains me to be here at HH when Kona is a few feet away offering the tastiest treats for next to nothing. Instead i'm at BJ's for a company HH, trying to make the best of it.The only great thing about their HH is the $4 you-call its. They're not you-call-it-wells, they're you-call-it-anything, so my smart-ass self ordered top shelf gin with ginger beer. Unfortunately, they didn't have my favorite (Hendricks) OR ginger beer, so I caved with Tanqueray on ginger-ale. Sad, but still a damn good deal for $4.We ordered the lettuce wraps and egg rolls at $6 each as a HH special price. Funny thing about HH pricing, you sorta expect it to be the same regular menu item at a discount price (which is why you're so "happy" to attend). Well, a little investigation lead me to realize that the appetizers on the HH menu are SMALLER than their regular-priced counterparts.  The lettuce wrap on HH comes with 3 individual leaves of lettuce with a miniature sample of the meaty sauce while the menu displays the lettuce wraps as 4-6 leaves surrounded  by multiple bowls of filling. How fishy.Then the egg rolls appeared. 4 tiny little nubs of fried dough with avocado that tastes like its drowning in mayo. Did I really just pay $6 for this? Is this really a "deal". I think i'll just have a liquid-gin dinner for HH and call it a day. No thank you.
4	I came here with my co-workers for a team lunch. We do this every quarter and decided come here cause they can handle large parties and they have a big variety menu. When we got here our table was already setup and once we sat down our server was really quick to provide us with our drinks. I ordered the California Burger. I thought that this was really good. Bursting with flavor. The burger was on a grilled sourdough bread with avocado, green chilies, pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayo, and ranch. Burger was very moist and perfect. It came with shoestring fries. Half the plate was filled with fries. It was a huge lunch meal but really worth it. As for the service, our server was always checking on us. Refilling our drinks and clearing the empty plates. We even had the manager come by to make sure everything was okay. It seemed like they really cared for us. So overall, I would say that we had a really enjoyable time. We had a table over 10 people and the service and food came out in a reasonable time. The only regret was that I didn't order their Pizookie. Those are so good. Enjoy...
4	After being gone for two years, I was extremely excited about coming back to this restaurant and extremely disappointed to find the most hateful hostess waiting to seat me. There was not a welcoming smile or even look when she asked number of party. She then explained how to find our table and told us to go sit and she would bring the menus along. First impression of one of my favorite past times was horrible, however, the server was amazing and the food was delicious. Must try the honey-crisp  chicken salad!
4	BJ's is a pretty great place.  It's a chain, but don't let that turn you off.  They have a large, delicious menu, and a selection of both on-site brewed, locally-brewed, and general beers.  It's got a nice atmosphere, so would be suitable for a business lunch, date, or just a trip with friends.This location is in a plaza with a large mall, theater, and a ton of other places, so it's a great place to go, have a couple brews, and then do some shopping or see a movie!
5	I absolutely love this place! Beers are amazing there, the Piranha Pale Ale is definitively my favorite. Food is also great, I tried several things on the menu and I never was disappointed. Their lunch specials are very good deals. Refill soups and salads.
4	Great beer on Tap! Love the lunch specials, quick service in the bar.. $$ is good
3	BJ's is your typical chain brewery I think.  It's not quite as good as a 4 Peaks because well, everyone likes a one of a kind over a chain...the good ones any way.  I feel like one of the downsides is that their menu is like a novel.  I mean my gosh, make a decision here...what kind of food do we want to serve?  I don't want to read through a Cheesecake Factory sized menu when I just want to get a beer and good eats. It's not bad food, it's pretty good - nothing above and beyond but also nothing to write home about.  I have tried the Grilled Chicken Pasta which was just okay.  The second time I went I had the Balsamic Glazed Chicken which was actually pretty delicious. I haven't gone too much into the beer menu as I'm not a huge beer drinker, but the list is actually pretty big.  Service was great both times, servers were always very friendly and the place was clean.  I'm sure I'll be back here at some point, occasionally it's comforting to know exactly what you're getting in to rather than the unknown. :)
5	There are a lot of bar and grill restaurants, so what makes BJ's stand out?Service: The hostesses and servers are always friendly and willing to answer questions about the extensive menu. They always make me feel like a welcome guest.Beer: They brew their own beer, and each type I have tried has been pretty good. They also have a respectable selection of other beers, as well as wines and cocktails.Food: I am always impressed at how consistently good the menu items are. They serve lots of different types of food, and I have yet to find a weak link. The jambalaya I had yesterday was extremely delicious. It had meat or vegetable in every bite, and it was large enough for me to spread over lunch and dinner. Other hits include the calzones, pizza, burgers, pasta, and sandwiches.They seem to be everywhere nowadays, but don't miss BJ's assortment of Pizookies. Get the original, or indulge yourself with the triple chocolate.Ambiance: It is a large dining room with a high ceiling, so it's never that loud. The decor is modern and classy, making it a suitable place for just about any occasion.Value: The portion sizes range from large to huge. Lunch specials start at $6, and regular prices are very fair.This location is right next to the Harkins movie theater, and it makes a great place to stop after seeing a flick.
4	We've only been here once but we really liked the booth setup.  Shoestring fries were very delicious, the fish was ok, the Asian salad was also very good.  Seems like typical college co-ed sports bar and the wait staff were very fast.
3	I don't know what I was thinking BJ's was, but not what it is. I thought it was a run-of-the-mill steakhouse, and it's more of a run-of-the-mill brewery. Does this make a difference, you might ask - and yes it does. So, as this will not become a stable of mine, my visit did make me want to come back in the right mindset and the right company. Plowing through brews and sliders - yeah, I can see that happen.OK, so the service is standard, and the food seems very basic and the brews are a bit interesting.. but I did notice that besides having quite a few Pale Ale's and IPA's, every other ale is pronounced to be 'hoppy'. What if I don't want a hoppy beer, nor want the token lager that is the stand-in for the go-to Bud/Miller/Corrs/30for$20 kinds of beer. I guess my options are limited, but I will need to plow through them all before I conclude that BJ's might oversell their product just a bit.I started with the Jeremiah Red, and wasn't blown away. I'd ask more of a Red Ale, and this was way middle of the road. Also very hoppy, even if it suggests being 'Not too hoppy in order to emphasize the complex malt flavor and fruity aroma'. I do not concur - I think its was too hoppy for a Red Ale. I will have to go hard next time to evaluate their brews. I have a feeling that I will not be all too impressed - but then again I will try to remain unbiased. So where does this leave me? Nah, it's all right I guess.. and I will come back when the time is right.
2	Waited 20 min to be seated. Had terrible service and almost left. The pizza was ok and I was not much of a fan of the beer. My wife had it in Ohio and loved it but she said this BJ's was not nearly as good. Hard to find parking at this mall.
4	After some horrible dining experiences the past few days, this might be the only place I come to from now on. The food is always good and cooked right, the staff is always friendly, and the beer is cold and priced right. Keep up the good work!
5	I was contacted today by Tiffany at BJ's in regards to my review and was issued an apology for the bad experience and offered a gift certificate to make a return trip, hopefully with better results. Great customer service on BJ's corporate part.
2	My family and I tried this place last night and I was disappointed. First, the menu reads like Chili's or an Appleebee's, in which this place offers everything under the sun. Experience tells me this is not a good sign. Second, as suggested, the food was sub par. I tried their specialty deep dish pizza and it just tasted like a pizza from Pizza Hut. My daughter ordered the Mac and Cheese and it just average. As for the beer, it was actually good. I wouldn't mind hitting up this place for Happy Hour, but if you are looking for a quality brewery to eat at, try Four Peaks or San Tan.
5	Let me start of by saying that BJs is absolutely fantastic. The roast beef au jous dip is orgasmic. It is literally an explosion of endorphins in your mouth. The meat is tender, med rare, and the au jous is overflowing with herbs and spices. Ladies, bring a towel with you, because the chair WILL be wet. I hope your men aren't jealous, because believe me, THIS meat will be the best meat you have ever put in your mouth. Each bite of this mouth-pleaser will go straight to your pants area. Seriously. Roast beef dip. Do it
5	We were at a fund raiser and they were handing out this amazing chicken salad with all kinds of fresh and delicious ingredients.  We asked where the salad was from and we were told BJ's.  So, after the fundraiser, we head over to BJ's.  We were told that there was a 15 minute wait so we sat out on a bench right outside of the restaurant.  The dancing water show is really cool to watch and helps quickly pass the time.  After a few minutes of waiting, a waiter came out and offered us a sample slice of pizza.  Wow!  That was the best, melt-in-your-mouth pizza my taste buds have ever been introduced to!  Now, I had a serious dilemma!  I was there for their yummy salad but the pizza was so awesome that I wanted the pizza too.  But, I didn't want to leave 20 lbs heavier.  When we sat down, my wife and I ordered a beer...the root kind.  Amazing!  If you like root beer, this place has a very smooth and great tasting "homemade" root beer.  I ordered the Chicken Barbecue Salad (I think that what it's called) and sure enough, it was just as good as it was at the fundraiser.  The atmosphere was great too!  My wife and I were hypnotized by the brightly lite bottles on display at the bar.  When we were finished with the meal, we were really bummed that we were full.  We wanted to get Pazookie!  So, our waiter went the extra mile and made it portable.  Yes, Pazookie to go was awesomely delicious even if you eat it for dessert at home.  If you're in the Chandler area and you need some excellent food.  Try out BJ's!
4	A great place to hang out and have an awesome meal with friends. Great food and beer. fast, friendly service.
3	The service sucked. But the fish tacos and Mac & Cheese did not. Our server never smiled, checked on us once, I had to ask twice for water, and never got a refill.  Usually, I would avoid us too, but my kids were even behaving today!!  I love BJs. I hope this is a one time bad time.
5	So I met up with a buddy today for a leisurely lunch and had a great time!  This is important because I had low expectations based on the Yelp feedback I've read.  We got seated outside to take advantage of the great weather and I was pleasantly surprised by attentive and prompt service.  We chatted for a while before ordering and got some great suggestions from our server.I've been craving a burger in the worst way.  I only have a couple a year and expect a lot from them.  BJ's burger came with parmesan toasted buns, tomato, pickles, lettuce, bacon, cheese, and a really delicious homemade.1000-Island dressing!  The meat was hi-quality and perfectly cooked..  It came with some yummy wedge fries.....I cleaned my plate!My friend had a wedge salad and a bread bowl with clam chowder.  She loved every bite!  I was pretty stuffed but she talked me into sharing a trio of pizzookies with ice cream.  They were delicious too, especially the peanut butter with vanilla.I was impressed overall and will be back.  I think the folks who have rated this place negatively should try it again.  It's worth it!
4	Really good brewhouse and quality food.It is a wide spread chain but they have it down well. They have above average beers (Tatonka Stout) and their seasonal are usually awesome (especial the Belgian based ones).All the food seems to be really good, sides, pizzas, deserts (pazookie)
1	Stopped in around 4:30 today and sat in the bar area to get the HH deals.  After waiting at our high top table for about 15 minutes, a manager stopped over to see if we had been waited on.  We told him "no" and he ran off to grab some menus.  When he came back, he assured us one of his servers would be over right away to take our order.  Since it wasn't busy, we figured this would be true.  About another 10 minutes went by without being acknowledged by a single staff member, so we decided to leave.  We headed over to Firebirds, where we had exceptional service and excellent HH drinks.
1	I have visited this Bj's location twice in the last two weeks.  But each time I have visited there was no host at the door to greet me and or my campanion.  The employees seem to busy to say hello or even acknowledge it's customers.  It takes far to long to be greeted and or seated.  During my last visit I ordered a drink, deep dish pizza and asked for water.  However, in my hour and half visit the water never arrived and I was not offered a refill even though it was included.  The taste of the pizza was fair but seem to lack sauce.  So, I asked my hard to track down waiter about the sauce and he offered to bring a side of it to the table.  That was a nice gester, but it would have been nicer to dip my warm pizza into warm sauce instead of sauce that was very cold seeming to have come straight from the refrigerator.  I would not recommend this Bj's is you are looking for attentive service and hospitality.  They continue to fail in both of those areas.Sincerely,
5	Love this place. Awesome food and a lot of different drinks to choose from. You can order pricey wine, or a good local beer. Their is also very good and always well done every time. Good place to hang out with friends, not such a family place, but definitely friends. Love the atmosphere as well, they display their drinks in a very cool way.
4	Good Beer, Good food; not much more I can ask for.   Have yet to have a bad experience here. I'm a rewards member so it pays off since I visit often.  Can't review much on wait staff as I always sit at the bar top and have great service.  Would recommend.
4	This mall restaurant had a wide and well thought out selection of beers on tap and a menu that would accommodate any meal, whether you were just wanting a small lunch or a hearty dinner. We sat at the bar so we could have a prime view of the large screen to watch the game, and were met with excellent bar tending service and quick eats. Great spot that I'll be visiting again.
4	My dad loves coming to BJ's restaurant when he visits from Michigan. Today I decided to try something new, garlic Parmesan wings... And I am very happy I did. They were delicious and I got 10 of them! My father had the mahi mahi and was very pleased with it as well. I love that no matter what I eat, it's always amazing!
1	Very sad service.. took 45mins too receive water and no help too order food. The waitress excuse was that she was the only working tables. No team help 3 guys was just talking with no care too help out.. the menu is like a book with very sticky pages way over price and I would never go back..
5	My Dad and i come to BJ's often for dinner and a glass of wine.  We always receive great service, and the food is always awesome!  The bartenders and waiters are super friendly, creating an inviting atmosphere for all guests.  They are always knowledgeable on what is current on the menu, which is very helpful when we sometimes have a hard time to decide what to eat.  Thank you BJ's for an awesome experience!
4	Main Points:-Variety of beer and food-Good portions on dinner menu-Great for groupsReview:If you're looking to grab some food outside of the mall's food court, consider stopping into BJ's. They've got a very extensive menu with various types of cuisines, so it's sure to suit everyone in your group or the individual who just can't decide on one food type that sounds good. I've tried several things on the menu in the past, and I've thoroughly enjoyed their signature gynormous potatoes, tasty beer, and melt-in-your-mouth pizzookies.  If you're looking for something with a little bit of spice, try their jambalaya - not sure how it fares with authentic cajun cooking, but it hits the spot.I may have to give the lunch menu another try, but I was a bit disappointed with the things I tried today: Chicken quesadilla- hardly any cheese and not enough food for a lunch, Margherita Flatbread - too small and sauce tasted like the diy luncheable pizzas from elementary school, Turkey bacon ham sandwich - just your regular sandwich nothing special, and their Pale Ale chili - no spice and not a very good overall flavor.Despite my lunch experience, I'm giving them a 4 because my past meals have been consistently good. I like the variety of food and beer, good service, my fav dishes,and the convenience of the location, and their ability to accommodate groups.
2	Normally love this restaurant but last two times my wife and I have come to this location it has been sub par. The table that they placed us at was completely covered with the previous occupants remains. After we had to run down a waiter to have the table wiped down he did it very quickly which left us with the food gone but a sticky table. We just used our napkins to lay over the table so we didn't have to deal with the stickiness. After we finished it took us 15 plus minutes to flag down our waitress for our check (which she did not even ask to refill our waters once the entire time we were there) and the place was not even busy. Needless to say probably be the last time we attend this brewery, the extra 10 minutes it takes to drive to San Tan Brewery is worth it.
3	We love to come here for Happy Hours, $6 personal pizza is good deal. The pizza is great and servers are attentive. The fried calamari is good too. The only complaint I have was I feel rushed. Although she said" no hurry, I'm just going to leave the bill here" as soon as my pizza arrived.
2	Let's give them two stars on this one. My family and I were waiting for over 45 minutes to be seated, which is fine.. It was a busy time. But because the booths in the "bar area" are "open-seating", my family along with 2 other families were left waiting nearly an hour while some families were walking right in and sitting down without a wait. This needs to be fixed and regulated to the bar and high-tops only being open-seating. In the 45 minutes I waited, I watched 4 families walk out in disgust and upset that others could simply walk in and occupy booths without a wait like everyone else. Please address this issue.
1	Although I was contacted by customer service and offered a gift card to return in hopes of a better experience - which of course I accepted - they never actually sent the gift card. It would have been better for them to never even offer, if they had no follow through plans. Now I not only had a less than impressive experience at the restaurant, but now I also have a poor impression of their corporate office as well.
4	Great staff.  Well taken care of.  Food was good.  I'd come to this location again.
4	Our favorite Friday date night spot before our movie..The Happy Hour specials are and selections are vast and the atmosphere is great surrounded by tv's.  The service has always been top notched and the wait time is never over 20 minutes.
5	BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse has well over a hundred menu items, fifty craft beers and a very friendly, high-energy attitude. (Plus TVs, of course.) Known for their deep dish pizza and handcrafted beer, BJ's is popular with all ages and offers a great value on every meal.
3	Beer was good.  Service wasn't horrible but it was slow. Maybe cause there wasn't many customers in the restaurant. Food was alright. Burger was really dry.  I actually had to use a ton of katchup.  Maybe cause my waitress didn't ask how I wanted my burger and they just make it well done. But pazookie was good.
2	My coworkers and I order from this BJ's often, mainly because it's one of the few places around us that delivers. The food isn't terrible, but the service usually is. Just about EVERY time we order, one or more of the following is inevitable; there is food missing, we are over charged, the person taking the order doesn't have a clue what they have on their menu, it takes an unreasonable time to get delivered (usually because the driver gets lost) and the "delivery charge" amount is excessive. The past few times have just been ridiculous. In fact, the last time we ordered, we had every one of the aforementioned go wrong. We were charged separately for every single thing that should've been included in our meals, (fries, salads, soups, etc.), the delivery gal headed the opposite direction of our location and took over an hour and a half to get here. The food was nasty, cold, rubbery and some things were missing. I don't know how the dine-in service and food is around lunchtime, but I can assure you that they need to do some serious adjustments to their take out/delivery! Just because we are eating take out, doesn't make our order, service or food less important. GET IT TOGETHER, FOLKS!!
4	This place is a chain. The atmosphere is well constructed, even though it is a bar it can feel very intimate. You are separated into small clusters through out and it doesnt seem as big as the venue is.As for service, they got our order wrong and forgot to put in the appetizers.. before we even had a chance to get upset, the waiter said it would be compted, apologized several times. The manager came by, apologized several times.. wow. I felt really appreciated and the service was great. They do really value their customers!As for food:- I got the Scallops - OH MY GOODNNEESS. So good, these are perfection, and in their EnLIGHTened menu. So one of the healthier choices and very filling.- Like always my eyes are too big for my stomach so I also got the chili. This was alright, nothing out of this world.. and it has a lot of sour cream, so if you hate it as much as i do you will spend several minutes just scooping all of it out. -Appetizer: Stuffed Mushrooms. So good! And fancy.. so great!-My bf got the Hamburger - Now... this is where it all went south. The hamburger was underwhelming, not juicy, not spiced, not anything. It just was a hamburger. Not memorable at all.Solid 4 stars. And dont get a hamburger!
4	I tried their Pumpkin Ale Beer last night it was really good! Pizza was good!
4	Cool atmosphere.  I like sitting at bar with huge TV during sports.  Their pizza is one of the best I have had.
4	They have the best lunch specials.  There unlimited soup and salad is the best. Can't beat the price.  There  pazookie is yummy.
4	Good food!! Prices are pretty good, I also enjoy the atmosphere it's a pretty restaurant. They have a lot of choices on the menu, good amount of beer on tap and TVs to watch the game in a not obnoxious environment.
4	First, it's a really nice bar.  The bartenders and staff are just great!  If you love beer, get the sampler and try them out, but the red ale is the best in my opinion!.Having very fond memories of the amazing tuna poke at Lulu's in Lahaina on Maui, BJ's was in for some steep competition.  They succeeded in a wonderful take on the dish.  The avocado egg rolls made my belly happy as well, and were NOT at all greasy.Very very good.Lots of TVs to watch various sporting events.  Lots of fun!
4	Good beer and chicken fingers. Great place to people watch, watch games, and of course beer!  Quick service with a smile!
4	The food was good not great. I had the black and blue Burger which was good but smaller than expected. Bloody Mary was good not great. Coffee was good too. The reason why it went from a standard 3 stars to 4 stars was our server Cassie. She was great. Fast, prompt, professional, and just made us feel at home. BJs needs to hire more of her kind.
4	Only eaten here a few times but really enjoy it. Great drink selection and good service. Nice clean restaurant. Try the jambalaya!
2	After a day of shopping at Chandler Fashion we decided to stop in, watch the Cardinals game and relax with good food and exceptional beer. Just prior to arriving at BJ's our 7 y.o. daughter wanted some pretzel bites from Wetzels and we also decided to get some pigs in a blank for my mother-in-law. We walked into the restaurant where the manager very rudely and loud enough for other patrons to hear tell us we could not bring food from other "restaurants" into "her" restaurant. Her overreaction was completely unnecessary and very embarrassing to my family and me. Undeterred, we did stay even though we were forced to sit outside, not our first choice of seating arrangements. The wait staff was embarrassed by the actions the manager and they did a great job taking care of us. Perhaps a better way for the manager to handle the situation would have been to offer us a doggie bag or some way to conceal our "contraband" so we might have enjoyed indoor seating along with the other paying customers. On an up note the food and libations were excellent; the service was fantastic and I can only hope that the manager gets a scholarship to charm school prior to our next visit.
4	Loved it ! appetizers were great tried the sampler. Also I ordered the shrimp scampi primeria (I know that is not the right spelling) But I had so much  had to get a to go box. It was great I will be going back
4	Food was great. We had the avocado egg rolls and pizza! So delicious. Service is a bit slow but it's a huge place. Felt bad for our server because he was running around all over the place. Although you could tell he was exhausted he was always very friendly.
4	I got the Mediterranean chicken pita tacos and carnita (sp?) fries. So good! However, the service was the best part. Our hostess and server (Jason) were both very kind, friendly, and calm even though the restaurant was busy. I appreciated their optimism and happy attitudes! It was refreshing.
4	I got the clam chowder, which was good. Others in our trio got the Cajun pasta dish and a cheeseburger, which they apparently enjoyed. We had to sit outside because the restaurant was so packed, but BJs has nice heaters, so it really wasn't a problem. Our server (Jeff) gave us lots of attention and was quite friendly and courteous. BJs was very accommodating.
4	Love this place it's always fun times.  Make sure you come early or you can be waiting for a seat but it's well worth it.  The food is amazing can't wait till my bison burger gets here.  The pizza is fantastic and the pizzoki for dessert is the best. If your looking for a good craft beer tap list it's pretty well done.
5	I love BJ's Brewhouse! They have it all; great service, a wide variety of beer selection, excellent food in appetizers and entrees, and a beautiful restauran. I have rarely ever waited to be seated and their service is fast. I like to order the Harvest Hefeweizen, it had great flavor and is spicy enough for my taste. We always order their chicken wings - I like the hot and spicy sauce. My favorite entree that I always get without fail are the Mediterranean Chicken Pita Tacos, they're delicious, light and refreshing. I have loved everything I've eaten here and will definitely return.
