5	Hands down best food and cocktails I've had in Madison.  Try the hummus and the pork belly biscuit on the late night menu, and the house cocktails are inspired.
5	Great food, comfortable atmosphere, beautiful interior, delicious drinks.  This is the perfect place to go for a warm and cozy winter meal.  As for the reviewer who made the comment about how we're not in New York so "good luck" with the grocery store bit...  I guess they are trying to say that Madisonians are uninspired and shouldn't try to bring something new to Wisconsin.Go for the food. Enjoy the drinks and atmosphere. If you feel so inclined, purchase a gourmet ingredient from the grocery store.  What's not to love?
3	Went to Merchant twice this week.  I like the idea of the urban grocery, and that they sell most (all?) of what they use in the kitchen.  The design of the place is very de rigueur for restaurants these days; tall, open ceilings with a very gastropub feel and an attempt to be warm & modern with upper-middle class pricing...but also a little loud.  I think that Merchant fits most of these except the design seems a bit more confused to me.  That may be due to the fact that they're trying to squeeze three things into one, but other similar places you'll find more attention to detail in terms of tying the place together.  This is just the first week or so of its evolution though, so I'm looking forward to seeing what they do.  The kitchen looks very nice, though it also seems like a crowded place to work in.  It's nice to see that they didn't skimp on things like an overhead hood that other restaurants have left out in order to save costs.  The kitchen seems designed well enough to get the food flowing out in an orderly manner too.  Again, something you don't always benefit from  in Madison.  The silverware station creates a chokepoint near the bar which will be annoying for servers and bar patrons sitting near there.  The bar and lighting is nice, but the lighting is a bit bright for the kind of drinks they're serving and the thing they're obviously going for---a return to older mixologies with modern speakeasy twists.  The bathrooms are nice enough despite a decidedly Georgia O'Keefe take on Paisley.The first time, a group of six of us went over for late night after work.  They had stopped doing food, so they brought out some complimentary fennel carmel corn and roasted nuts.  This was a nice touch, but the fennel is completely missing in the carmel corn, so I would just change the name entirely as to not mislead people (or use a lot more fennel).  The roasted nuts were pretty tasty, though a lot of the spices fell to the bottom of the bowl.  It was a nice find at the finish though!  Since we were there for drinks, I looked over the menu and here's what I found:1)  A solid beer list, but sadly, only a few on tap.  The bottle list makes up for this in variety, but the pricing here is out-of-control in places.  For instance, a bottle of Bell's Two Hearted is $5.  I can get a pint of Two Hearted--cheaper--at a couple of nearby establishments.  Needless to say, I will never be drinking a bottle of beer at Merchant.  I drank a couple of Bells Double Cream Stouts, which were good, but I hope to see them try a lot of other options here too.  Central Waters' Bourbon Barrel Stout is amazing, for instance.  2)  A solid wine list with someone behind it who has done their homework in terms of where to source each varietal from.  It's true that one can find hidden gems everywhere, but this wine list gives anyone who chooses to drink wine a very intelligent and researched selection.  Each selection is not the finest one can find from each region, but it's nice to see an informed wine list and it stays within reason on pricing.  3)  The mixed drink list is impressive and everyone I spoke to who was drinking one (and I tasted them all too) was happy.  The Last Word, The Judge, The Last Pale Light In The West, and The Brass were all very good drinks.  Of course, there are those drinks that seem to be on every similarly-themed place's menu these days (Sazerac, Corpse Reviver No. 2) as well.  I like that they've got their approach to an Old Fashioned as well as a "Wisco-Styles" option.  It seems very fitting, and I'm sure each variation is equally tasty.The service was very good, helpful and accommodating for a group of people who came in relatively late for some drinks and to check the place out.  The bar also did well, despite having a "learner bartender" at the helm.  All in all, a very satisfactory adventure.  My second visit was for dinner.  The staff seemed a little overwhelmed by everything just looking at how things were flowing, but that's normal for a start-up.  Actually, we were seated quickly, and our server got us rolling with some drinks.  For starters we had two of the toasts (truffled white bean, ricotta & pine nut w/smoked trout) which were very good.  The sunchoke risotto was missing something, but tasted very nice if you got every ingredient into a bite.  The brussels were amazing!  The bucatini w/sausage was good but a little oily and similarly lacking an ingredient to tie the dish together.  The beef bourguignon was good, but not spectacular...though it was my favorite entree.  Nice knife work on the vegetables too.  Overall, a good dining experience, but I'm waiting for 'the' dish that brings me back there.  Our server was working his first night (hired on the spot even), and he was great.  I will be back for sure, and it's honestly between 3 and 4 stars, but I went for 3 since I'd like to return after they've had time to sort things out and to hone in on everything they're trying to do.
2	Best food you've ever had in Madison? Really?I wanted to like Merchant. I did. I dine on the square a fair bit and as far as I'm concerned, the more options the better!However, the space feels very much like the restaurants I took great pains to avoid when I lived in L.A. (because they were too much of a scene). It's smaller, but I get the same negative vibe.I've seen a large bar share space with a dining area and work very well (Bar La Grassa in Minneapolis, for instance), but Merchant just feels cold to me -- warehouse-like. Like a bar that serves some food, as opposed to a restaurant that encourages you to eat at the bar. The waitstaff seemed very aloof on both of my visits, and charging $9 for cocktails just tips the scales further towards pretension. Maybe hanging some art would soften it a bit? And hiring some nicer people?I sampled the craft cocktails and was left wanting. Same with the food. Maybe I'll try it again in a few moths and hope they're able to make some improvements, but they've quite honestly not given me much of a reason to give them another chance.*** This review has been edited from it's original content. After my initial (frustrating) experience with this establishment, I decided to give it another try and re-write the review with a clear mind. Unfortunately my second experience only echoed my initial let down.
5	I'm more than a little baffled by the harsh reviews I've been reading here over the past week, a.k.a. the first week that Merchant has been open. I went with a friend I was visiting in Madison just before Christmas for dinner and drinks and had a wonderful time. I love the interior. The grocery, which I understand will be opening soon, looks awesome on the wall across from the bar. Even if you don't plan on buying any groceries here, it's cool to browse all the ingredients that they use in the food you'll be eating. The old school bodega gates covering the grocery when it's closed are a nice touch. We shared a lot of the food we ordered to get a chance to try multiple dishes and I highly recommend eating family style. We started with cocktails of course (I'm a fan of the Loretto Flower) and the Chicory salad, both really great. Next we had what ended up being my favorite part of the meal, the Toasts. Loved the hugh piece of toast with truffled white bean and prosciutto. For $3 each, we tried them all and apparently they change constantly so I'll be back to try the new additions. For dinner we ordered the shrimp with grits and the beef bourguignon. The fun part about ordering these dishes and I'm assuming most dishes at Merchant, is the surprises you get when your food comes. The menu descriptions are very vague (a good thing) so when the shrimp showed up sitting on a pork belly, we were so excited and it did not disappoint. Obviously, you can always ask the server what is in each dish.We ate for a good amount of time at a slow pace by our own choice. We were never without drinks, but our server wasn't always bugging us to see how we were doing. It's not a huge place, so we never had trouble getting his attention if we had to. He knew everything about the menu and wasn't at all pretentious like another reviewer suggested. By about 10PM the restaurant turned more into a bar scene so we settled our tab and moved on to the bar where we had a few more cocktails and a couple local beers. Everyone was really great, drinks came at a decent pace (again, this place is now just over one week new!) and the crowd was a decent mix of young and old. I'm excited to return for dinner and hopefully for lunch some day soon, the sandwich menu sounds really interesting. Great food, great drinks, great staff and great atmosphere. I'd hang out here every night if I had the chance. I highly recommend Merchant and will be returning often.
5	Great lunch. We had the squash soup, a grilled cheese and honey sandwich, and a wonderful blue cheese, squash, and lettuce salad. Outstanding atmosphere too. Give it a try!
2	First of all, the amount of new reviewers who gave merchant 5 stars sketches me out. The market-hybrid-restaurant idea sounds good on paper, but it's not anything special in real life.Overall, we agreed that the experience was just kind of okay. The restaurant interior is pretty cool - neat layout and decor. The inside is very LOUD and it's hard to hear anyone.Food was a tad overpriced in my opinion. The food felt either "this came from a jar/can (toasts)" or "this could be good but wasn't cooked well (duck)." The sunchoke risotto was great. Cocktails are $9 and not exceptional.I'll be back in a couple weeks to check in, but for now, just kind of okay. I'm debating between 2&3 stars.
5	Finally, a restaurant/bar that makes some great cocktails! Very few restaurants carry the Maraschino liquor, but Merchant does, and they know how to mix good cocktails with it. The food's quite good as well, but heavy on the cheese, which I don't like. But you might like it.Also, it seems that Merchant is being the target of a smear campaign. Before listening to the naysayers, keep in mind how several of them have made zero contribution to Yelp so far, and just registered to slam a business they dislike.
4	Note to other recent reviewers: PLEASE only leave a review if you've actually been to this establishment. The point of this site is to leave reviews based on your experience there, not based on your politics.Here's why I'm giving it 4 stars: Went there to "grab" a tasty treat with a limited time frame. Their sandwich area was closed, but the hostess immediately offered to go back and check to see if they could whip up a to-go sandwich order for me.  They even ushered me to a table and poured me a glass of water while I waited for my take-out order.I picked the procuitto and arugula sandwich - very good, yet light. Ambiance is classy/romantic: think dimly lit, dark but modern woodwork, and an underneath the radar bourbon tasting in the corner to boot. Staff was friendly and extremely accommodating, even though I was in such a hurry.I will definitely come back for a more substantial meal soon.
4	great cocktails! delicious food!
5	Great atmosphere food!
4	My husband and I had dinner last night with  some friends.  It was the first time a Merchant for all of us, and we all loved it.  We ordered some small plates, and one person had a pressed sandwich.  The food was delicious,and our waiter was helpful, and attentive.  We all are originally from large metropolitan areas, and have had dining experiences in New York City, Chicago, New Orleans, plus many places that we have traveled to.  It compared very favorable to similar types of dining establishments.  The market area was fun to browse, and included some items that are not readily available elsewhere.  We are planning to return when our children who are New Yorkers, visit.  I am sure they will be as enthusiastic as I am.
5	My wife and I dined here last night.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal.We really enjoyed the ambiance.  The modern warehouse / butchershop atmosphere appealed to us.  It was upscale casual.  It reminds me of Sardine - maybe same owners - not sure.  Some reviews have mentioned the noise level.  It was loud, but in a good way.  It was loud enough that we didn't feel like everyone was listening to our conversation or that we needed to wisper.  However, not loud enough to prevent us from having a conversation.I had beer, while my wife sampled some of their cocktails.  She had a whiskey sour and some sort of punch (the special for the evening).   Their drink menu was substantial.  Excellent selection of cocktails, beer, and wine.The food was very, very good.  We started with two of their toasts.  One had truffled white beans and prosciutto, the other was lardon and radish.  We thought the bean and prosciutto was excellent.  The lardon and radish was just ok.  Perhaps we don't enjoy lardon as much as we thought.  My wife enjoyed two small plates - beet & hazelnut salad and pork belly & lentils.  The salad was good, but the pork belly was outstanding.  I ordered the BBQ pheasant.  It was divine.  They made a sausage from one of the thighs and leg.  It was wrapped in a cabbage leaf.  It was used as a pillow for the rest of the dish.  The rest of the pheasant was nicely roasted and served with a southern style (mustard based) bbq sauce.  I know this review is long, but I would be negligent not to mention the service.  It was fantastic.  Sadly, I do not remember the gentleman's name would served us.  He was great - especially by Madison standards.  He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu.  He also took the time to explain various aspects of the menu without us having to ask - small plates, large plates, toasts, etc.  He made some great recomendations and followed up later to see if we enjoyed what he suggested.This was one of the best meals we have had in Madison in a long time.  Granted, we don't get out much anymore thanks to two little boys under the age of two.  Regardless, the combination of atmosphere, drinks, food, and outstanding service makes this a place we will definitely return to.
3	First of all, the factors that contribute to the 3 star ranking are the ambiance and the cocktails.  I love the interior and the setting.  I also really enjoy all of the craft cocktail combinations.Now for the negatives.  While I think the cocktails are fun, $9 is a bit high for Madison, even given the quality ingredients.  The service has been below par on my visits, with empty water glasses or disappearing waitresses.  I would say that the food is "hit or miss".  I loved my $6 Brussels sprouts, but my husband's minuscule $19 steak was not as impressive.  That kind of inconsistency seems to be the case for the other menu items we have tried.Overall, I am definitely happy to have a new option in Madison, and I will stop by again for a creative cocktail.
3	For now I'm going to give Merchant three stars.  I want to be clear though, it's not because of the food or the ambiance.  Love the decor, it's very posh meets  rustic and a welcome change from most other places in Madison.  The menu is good, there are cheese plates, small plates, large plates, charcuterie and sandwiches.  The food was fantastic.  The cheeses were well selected and I felt the price was very fair for the amount served.  We had the fava bean and prosciutto risotto, I was pleasantly surprised how well the flavors mixed... it was a perfect dish, cooked quite well.  Finally, I had a pressed sandwich which was served with a very small but extra tasty green salad.  Everything I ate was great.  No complaints there.  Now for the negatives, it's a little crowded, I understand the need to fill up the restaurant on a Saturday night, but twice a man sitting near us end up bumping us while he was dining from another table.  Also the service was quite poor.  We ordered the cheese plate first and 5 minutes later the risotto and the risotto came out first.  When we finally wanted to order dinner we had to flag down the waiter.  I'm not sure what the problem was but they were definitely not attentive.  I agree with past posts that the restaurant was loud when we showed up at 8:30 on a Saturday, but it didn't bother me.  I think it went along with the look they are branding.  I will definitely be back to try try this place again.
2	We experienced Merchant for the first time last night (Wednesday). The restaurant is in a nice location and has a fresh decor. The initial impression left us hopeful; however, the experience went down hill after being seated. The space is very noisy! The wait staff was not very attentive to our needs, they were slow and they seemed to be a bit put off by questions we had regarding the menu. The fare is unique; but, the food is mediocre at best. I had the Truffled White Bean & Prosciutto Toast, Carrot & Ginger Soup and Cured Beef pressed sandwich. Other dishes at the table were Dumplings with Fiddleheads & Ramps, Bib lettuce salad, Artichoke pressed sandwich and the Brussels & Lemon. The general consensus with our group was that the Brussels & Lemon was the best dish at the table. The toast would be better described as a big crouton. The cured beef sandwich was unimpressive. There was a chef in our group that was unable to detect the ginger in the soup and really could not taste the carrot either. The salad was bland, the dumplings were greasy and the artichoke sandwich tasted like it had Sriracha hot sauce on it. Two stars go to the Brussels & Lemon, they deserve some recognition. We will probably not return to Merchant. I would not recommend Merchant to a friend.
3	This review is based entirely on Merchant as a restaurant - I have never gone specifically for the bar, though I have gone three times for lunch.  I was very underwhelmed each time.  The portions are very small.  The entree salads are barely the size of a side salad.  Fortunately, if you ask for bread, they will (in my experience), give you a slice of bread free - a good thing, because otherwise I would have needed to stop at Subway afterwards just so I wouldn't still be starving.  The sandwiches are ok, nothing special, and also seemed small and not filling.  Service is slow, and servers are completely unknwledgeable.  They don't even know without asking the chef whether the soup of the day is vegetarian!  Everytime I have gone, they were out of some main item on the menu - which seems crazy, because the menu is tiny - how hard can it be to keep the ingredients for 5 paninis and 4 salads in stock???** After posting the above, admittedly negative, review, the restaurant contacted me and informed me that they are in the process of revamping their lunch menu and service to address some of the issues I mentioned.  For the sake of giving a new, local restaurant a chance, I'm temporarily changing my review to 3 stars based on the restaurant's responsiveness to a dissatisfied customer, and I will repost after I have a chance to try lunch at Merchant again in a few weeks.
4	I've been to Merchant twice and both times had very positive experiences. Merchant has absolutely fantastic cocktails, if on the safe side. Their menu includes a selection of classics/pre-prohibition era cocktails as well as a few "original" cocktails that leaned toward the safer side of originality. I had the opportunity to try most of the original creations. While the cocktails were well crafted and well balanced, I found them to be...boring (drinks I could make and have easily made at home). If you are new to craft cocktails, Merchant is definitely an excellent place to start out, but I would say that cocktail enthusiasts not get too excited about all the hype.  I will have to say that the food is good. On my first visit we enjoyed the fava bean risotto, toasts, charcuterie plate, dulce de leche, and elderflower panna cotta. All of these dishes were well executed with the risotto having a delightful texture and richness. The charcuterie plate had a nice selection of products including a very classic pate de canard and anise-y rillettes. As other reviewers have stated the toasts are unwieldy but they do have tasty toppings. The desserts here were fantastic and did not suffer from being too sweet.  With cocktails at $9 a pop and smaller dishes running around the same price, Merchant can get a bit pricey for the couple that wants to try a variety of things. The ambiance is amazing...if you need to get out of Madison/Wisconsin for an evening and go to LA or NYC, Merchant is a beautiful venue that will allow you to save money on a flight out to those cities. I must say that the lighting is fantastic. This is a wonderful environment to have an intimate meal with someone special. I would definitely recommend Merchant for cocktails and small bites especially for new cocktail enthusiasts.
3	Merchant serves up delicious, albeit somewhat pricey drinks.  The desert is also very tasty.As a native Lexingtonian, I had to opt for the Lexington Belle, as I'd left my own Lexington belle back home in DC for the weekend.  This was the first cocktail I've had combining bourbon and ginger beer, and though I love both dearly on their own, I was a bit trepidatious given the strong flavors and aromas each carries.  The combination of the ginger and the high-proof bourbon with a touch of bitterness from the lime and bitters was very good.  The egg white gave a wonderful texture.  I would highly recommend it.What I can't recommend, though, much less understand, is buying an of the items from the small grocery section of the store, as most are grossly overpriced.
5	An adult cocktail bar oasis amidst downtown college bars...I only went to Merchant for drinks and it was late-night. The only reason  we found it was because it was a block from our hotel and honestly, were on our way to another bar. Form the outside it looked cool and the music was a bit of indie-british something or other and it lured us in. It is a warehouse-style space and the dj was entirely too loud. My boyfriend dj's himself and was complaining about it. It wasn't the right place for volume of that caliber! Anyhow, I browsed their cocktail list of classic cocktails and ordered the Aviation, which I found spot-on. TAll of the cocktails I tried were very well made, and I even requested a different classic cocktail from one of the bartenders and he made it perfectly. The bartenders were all helpful and unpretentious, which is rare in mixology bars. I guess when you have a mix of people drinking PBRs and people drinking classic cocktails, you really can't be that pretentious! I liked the vibe, despite the overly loud music. Next time I'm in Madison I will make it a point to go back there--and probably try some food, too.
4	I was very disappointed with this place.  They did a great job with the way it looks but service was very disappointing.  When you're paying that much for a drink you expect a little better service.  I won't recommend it or go back again.  Our bartender was actually rude and ruined the experience for us.I stand corrected.  The owner of Merchant proved to be a class act, as I was given a $5 gift card to come back to the Merchant and had a totally different experience.  I had bartenders who didn't know the answer to my friend's question/mine, and they asked around until the found out.  They were personable and the drinks were great.  The only reason I give it four out of five stars is because it's a bit pricy.  The outdoor area's great!
2	We came here after a wedding.  We were hungry and looking for a bite.  Didn't know too many places around Madison.  I found this place on Yelp. We ordered the late night tacos (3 each).  I asked the server if they were the authentic Mexican kind and she replied that they have a twist on them.
4	Menu is amazing (drinks especially) but the weekend dance club is AWFUL if you want to talk. I stick to weekday lunches and I'm quite happy.
4	This is my new #1 restaurant in Madison. I've been there on a few occasions for dinner and/or cocktails, and it's never failed to deliver.More than once, a dining companion has mentioned, "I don't feel like I'm in Madison when I'm here." I'm not sure what it is exactly, but Merchant offers a distinct atmosphere with its theme, lighting, and unique craft cocktails.Merchant is committed to offering the best of the best in ingredients, which are also available for purchase - hence the commitment to the theme of providing 'the freshest and finest local and international ingredients.' My personal favorites include The Last Word and Aviation Cocktail, but you should definitely peruse the menu before making a decision. There is also a nice selection of wine and other beverages.Food options include a series of small plates and large plates which can be shared (but do not have to be). A particular favorite is the lavender and honey cheese sandwich. While the food is delicious, the reason I am a frequent repeat guest to Merchant is the atmosphere. Overall, a consistently fun and exciting evening - definitely worth checking out for anyone interested in a new Madison experience.
3	Went for lunch.  Had great,attentive service.  Got the artichoke sandwich and found it to be so-so.  Just not a lot of stuff on it - mostly bread. Monty's Blue Plate Diner has far superior artichoke sandwich. I really enjoyed the coleslaw side though.  My friend had the cubano sandwich and said it was good.  Waiter explained it was made of pig jowls so it's leaner. The description kind of grossed me out, but I was pleased that he was so knowledgeable about the menu.  I'm hoping to try it again sometime for dinner and cocktails. Overall, lunch didn't impress me but there was nothing specifically wrong with it either.
3	If you are looking for a decent cocktail in Madison then this is your place.  I had a whiskey sour, which was super tasty and then I moved on to several Moscow Mules. Details are slightly hazy from that point on...but I know it was a good time.The atmosphere is certainly cool, the decor is very turn of the century meets trendy. The location is good and the drinks are affordable for being a 'mixology' bar. My only complaint is that dj was playing bad music as loud as it would go and there were probably a total of 15 people inside the bar...only three drunk girls were dancing. I play records on occasion...I like loud music...but a good dj knows when to keep the music on a conversational level.
4	great locally sourced menu.  The food was tasty and the cocktail selection was really cool.  They like mixed drinks here and they make them strong.Had the fried chicken and biscuits with st louis slab cake for dessert.  Yummy!  I really likes the feel of the place, very relaxed and groovy.  I will be returning and recommending this place
2	Overpriced food. Foodies might like it but it's not for me.
3	This is one of the better cocktail bars in town. I've been three times now, tried different cocktails off their traditional and contemporary menus, and they've all been delicious. Most recently I had an aviation cocktail and a caipirinha - good stuff. For cocktails alone, I'd give Merchant 4 stars!The food is very good too, and they're definitely not lying about the great ingredients, although I'd prefer a little more to choose from on the vegetarian end of things. I'm a fan of their salads and their toasts (particularly the lavender and honey, although a little more lavender would be divine), and they always seem to have a great rotating cheese selection. The chocolate & fruit plate is a simple, terrific dessert. My husband assures me that the charcuterie meats and the burger are both very good too, although not, perhaps, the very best burger in Madison.I think I'd go with a 3 1/2 star rating if I had the option, but I'm going to round down for the moment and hopefully update later on. Places for improvement: (1) We have one of the best farmer's markets around, so there are a zillion veggies available. More veggie (or fish, even?) options, please! (2) I've heard it's quiet at lunchtime (although I've only ever been for dinner), but if you're there for a late dinner, it turns clubby. I haven't ever seen much dancing, but the dance music gets turned up loudly enough to make conversation difficult. (3) Merchant does seem to get busy for dinner, and their waitstaff is well-informed but spread a little too thin.UPDATE 25 July 2011: Haven't been back yet, so no official update, but the owner messaged me to let me know that they had hired additional summer staff and changed the DJ hours. The DJ will now begin spinning at 10.30 on weekends, which seems like a great change to me, as I do enjoy a late dinner particularly in the summer! So, now y'all can either go for the dancing or plan around it more effectively... thanks, Josh. :)
4	The menu is pricey (although they do have reasonably priced sandwich items) but amazing. The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. The salmon tartar was beyond compare and I have dreams about my beef tenderloin. Fiance said he liked his food as well. Drinks were unique, tasty and strong. My only gripe is that at about 10 pm on a Saturday, a DJ set up and it got very loud in there. Thankfully we were near the end of our meal. Next time we'll get there earlier.Ambiance and decor is beautiful. Brunch menu looks great - we're going to check it out soon!
4	Okay, forget everything I said about Nostrano or Graze . . . when it comes to "farm-to-table" dining in Madison, Merchant is the real deal. Not to downplay Nostrano's rustic offerings or Graze's hearty Americana, but Merchant's menu is more creative and flavorful than anything the other two could hope to offer.We managed to pass up the compelling list of cocktails (hope to return soon to sample those), and started with Mussels with Olives and Fennel. This was served with grilled bread and a salty broth, perfect for dipping. Mussels were amazingly fresh for Madison, but I would have preferred the olives whole instead of chopped up (though this is a nit to be picked). My entree was a thick bone-in roasted pork chop, served with gnocchi (perfectly cooked), spring vegetables and (interestingly) figs. Nothing to complain about here, the pork was very moist (served medium-rate) and all the ingredients meshed beautifully. The star of the evening, though, was Kristine's pan-seared salmon with roasted vegetables. K claimed it was the best salmon she's had (and that includes Seattle!) and after sampling some I had to reluctantly concur. How they were able to sear the meat yet cook it through so tenderly is beyond me. Once again, though, what saves this from a perfect five stars was the service. I can't blame our waitress, who thoroughly explained the menu's offerings with a confident level of knowledge. This time the fault is with management . . . a large table of 15 was seated near us and proceeded to monopolize our waitress's attention to the point where we had to put her "on the clock" as we waited for our check. Management should have been aware of the demands of this large group and placed at least one additional waitron to help out.  A unique circumstance to be sure, and it won't keep us from coming back, but it did prevent this from being a five-star experience.
2	The food here is overpriced.  It's not bad, but expensive -partially due to the locally acquired, fresh ingredients- and small portions combined with poor service keep Merchant from reaching it's potential.The carrot soup came highly recommended from a friend, so I tried it.  $7 bowl seems a bit steep.  It simply wasn't worth it for me.  I've had the meat plate and it is great.  Each portion of meat high quality and very rich in flavor.  Same can be said for the cheese plate.  If you stop by, and you have room for an little something before dinner or want to keep it light, I suggest these.  The tongue stood as one of my favorites.The hand crafted cocktails on the other hand are made really well.  Even though they are $9 or so a pop, they are done very well.  They take a bit longer to make, but they are made from scratch with fresh ingredients.  I particularly enjoy the Regret and the Aviation.This place started out really well, but the last half dozen times I've been there, the drinks have been sub par (compared to previous visits) and unfortunately, I cannot recall a time when I've had a great server.  Specifically, not behind the bar. Typically, there are lots of errors made and it feels like I'm always inconveniencing my waiter/waitress.  Which makes you feel like a burden or a bother but ultimately, not wanted.Give it a shot if you're in the area.  The drinks are worth a try.The best way to experiences Merchant is to let it compliment the rest of your night.  Stop by for a cocktail before or after your dinner elsewhere.
4	10 stars for the cocktails 2 stars for the food.Absolutely the best place in Madison for creative old school and new school drinks.  Bartenders always remember your name and make you feel welcome. Unfortunately the food falls on its face here.  Beyond the grilled cheese it just is bland.
4	The cocktails here deserve more than 5 stars  -- they are amazing!To the food, however, I'd give only 3 stars = so I'm giving the Merchant, as a whole, 4 stars. Still, that shouldn't discourage anyone from coming to this beautiful restaurant.I spent a summer in Madison and came back to the Merchant multiple times  for their wonderful drinks. Every single person I brought with me was always impressed. The cocktails are creative and wonderfully balanced. There is no question in my mind that the Merchant's cocktails are superior (and a couple dollars cheaper!) to those of bars in NYC and DC that are known for craft cocktails.I especially loved a new one on their summer menu that is basically a yerba-mate caipirinha. Amazing! The bartenders are also really friendly, and are always willing to suggest the perfect cocktail or wine for you if you are feeling overwhelmed.However, the food I've ordered at the Merchant has been a mixed bag. The appetizers and cheese platter have been tasty. But when my husband and I came for dinner, we felt the food wasn't really anything to write home about, and was a bit pricey for what you got. For example, I ordered the small plate of mussels, which included about 12 mussels or so. Fine. Except at least 4 of them weren't even opened. Which meant I couldn't eat 1/3 of my order. Someone in the kitchen should have noticed this before plating it, and, frankly, why were so many of them unopened in the first place? The waitress agreed to bring me out a new dish, which was nice, but it was still a bit odd. The sauce the mussels were in was really bland, too. I can't remember what my husband ate for dinner, but he wasn't terribly impressed either.For desserts, I've had the tres leches cake twice. The first time it was pretty awful, but the second time it was tastier. I should also note, however,  that the St. Louis Butter Cake with Jam was wonderful.
3	I'd like to echo a few things others have said first.  The seating is a little odd with the dining and bar area right together and the food is overpriced for how good it is.  The beer selection is average, as well as the wine list.  Here's what separates this place, the drinks!  The cocktails are the best I can remember having in Madison.  Although they are pricey $8-10, they're put together with great attention to detail.  The drinks are easily a 5 star.  I'm giving Merchant Madison 3 stars because everything other than their drinks is overpriced and average at best.  Go here for the mixed drinks-nothing else.
4	Great bartenders, great cocktails.  There is a reason everyone raves about the drinks at this place.  Also, if you are looking for a fresh and great tasting bloody mary this is my go to place, best around.
4	Loved it!  We went there for the Tuesday Date Night.  The special was braised pork belly with Kalarhabi and Kale, a bottle of wine, and Chocolate with Citrus for dessert all for $40.  We started off with the CHARCUTERIE PLATE which is a selection of thinly sliced cured meats , a seasonal pate served with toast, mustard & pickled vegetables, it was excellent there was a truffle infused pate that I still crave.  The pork belly was great, the drinks were great, the service was Ok, I got the vibe that she was overwhelmed by too many tables, but was descent.   I loved the whole experience, enough to go back for lunch the next week which was just as wonderful!  I ordered their Cubano sandwich with salad, and topped it off with their shortbread cake with raspberry jam.  Delish, and my lunch bill was only $14!  Great food, great service, and atmosphere!  You must try it.
1	I have been to Merchant four times now, and never have I gotten what I would even refer to as decent service.  Twice, that's right, twice, I have been sat by a hostess and never greeted or acknowledged by a server. One of the times after twenty minutes of being overlooked, we left and the other time spent two hours there eating one appetizer not due to our own pace but because of the sluggishness of our waitress. We had been intending to eat dinner but did not even get a chance to order it.  The most recent time I was there, just this past weekend, the amount that I signed for on the credit card receipt and what I was charged was off by twenty dollars.  They over charged my twenty dollars. I will never be returning. EDIT- I did receive a voice mail from the owner that was very polite, as well as a message here.  I was glad that the billing issues were resolved and I was credited for the mistake as well as for the meal.
2	I decided to give merchant another try today after the first visit there for drinks and dinner was disappointing.Lunch today disapointed just the same.I expected the food to be better for the expensive prices you pay.I ordered the parsnip soup and a bbq beef sandwich.The cup of soup was very small but tasty.The bbq sandwich on the other hand was not good.The sauce was yellow and tasted like nothing but mustard,no hint of bbq sauce anywhere.On the menu it said the sandwich came with fried onions and those were mysteriously absent.I returned my sandwich and asked for a grilled cheese instead.The grilled cheese was good but expensive at $6.99.The best part of my sandwich was the pickle that accompanies the meal.We went over the lunch hour and the place was practically empty.They have a build your own salad option, but it seems like every other ingredient you want to add costs extra.That takes the fun out of that concept.
4	So I finally made it back to Merchant to try their brunch / lunch, and it was terrific. While I still think that the menu is a bit thin on the main-dish veggies, there are a few options on the menu. I had the kale benedict and a mimosa -- all very nice! The kale and the lovely poached eggs make for a really nice balance, and I'll bet that pancetta makes it even better if you like meats (although I got it with just the kale). My husband and my friend were also both very happy with their meals (the daily scramble and the omelette), and my friend adored the virgin cocktail that the bartender made for her. Delicious.Merchant is really lovely in the early afternoon, I have to say. It's a lot quieter and less busy than the dinner hour, which makes for better service and a calmer atmosphere. If I still lived in Madison, this one would definitely go into the rotation of delicious brunch & lunch places...
5	The Merchant is my favorite new restaurant/bar in Madison.  I was there recently with old friends and we thoroughly enjoyed our craft cocktails.  The cocktail options are second to none in Madison and perhaps Wisconsin.  I had sandwiches and potato salad several times last summer on Wednesday nights for Concerts on the Square, and every time I found myself craving the next sandwich.  I have had several lunches there and I love how I feel after eating fresh local food after the meal.  At Merchant, I don't feel like a grease bomb is resting in my stomach after I finish a meal!
5	Every once in a while, I feel obligated to write a review as much to review the restaurant, as to counter some prior reviews. This is the case for Merchant. My wife and I went to Merchant on a Wednesday evening for dinner to celebrate her birthday. We were in a good mood, and ready for a good experience. We weren't disappointed. We were welcomed warmly by a friendly young woman and given our choice of tables. Our waitress quickly approached and inquired about drinks. My wife ordered on of the specialty craft drinks - a "Stalker." (Celery, Bombay Sapphire, bitters, citrus, and vermouth). She described it as "wonderful." We ordered a bottle of wine; a good thing on Wednesday because it's $10 off. We had an appetizer of mussels. They had a subtle coconut milk sauce and were very fresh tasting. We soaked up the remaining sauce with the accompanying toast, which our waitress generously supplemented. My wife had the trout and I the lamb shank. Both were delicious and wonderfully flavored. Portions were generous. Desserts were delicious - dark chocolate pound cake and an apple crisp. The atmosphere is pleasantly upbeat. What I want to make a point of is that the service couldn't have been better. Attentive, friendly, not overly intrusive, and helpful. I noted before coming that two prior reviews had harshly criticized the service. I also saw that the owner had responded, so I thought it certainly deserved a chance. Needless to say, as far as I am concerned, any service problems have been corrected. (If you are seated along the outside wall, and it is cold out, wear a sweater because the cold radiates from the windows.) I strongly recommend Merchant to anyone who has a prior bad experience.
5	Merchant is one of the most ambitious restaurants to open in Madison recent times.  You'd think the laundry list of lunch, dinner, late night, weekend brunch, and extensive craft cocktail program would be enough.  But they also offer an edited but tasteful grocery, along with retail beer, wine and booze.  Both the food and the beverage program are built on a foundation of ingredients and presentation.  The bar is well suited for those looking try something new, as well as seasoned veterans looking for a proper old fashioned, negroni or whiskey sour.  The place gets loud during late night and the service seems slow due to the labor intensive cocktails.  Yes the staff is attractive and the patrons are typically quite stylish, but last I checked that was a good thing.  Craft cocktails aren't cheap, but be nice and the bartender will offer you a free OGD.
4	I tried Merchant when it first opened, and I was underwhelmed to say the least.  It was not particularly vegetarian friendly, and some of the plates just didn't come together quite right.  Since then, I have been back several times.  What an improvement!Service:  The staff is enthusiastic and helpful, but a little on the unseasoned side.  I have always been satisfied, but not awed.  Food: The menu has improved significantly!  In particular, they have a roasted root vegetable and kale dish that is outstanding.  It is the only really vegetarian option on the menu, but it is plenty for me. My carnivorous friends have also been satisfied with their meals, particularly the half chicken.  Skip the roasted nuts as an appetizer.  They are pretty bland.  But, go for the olive mix.  I thought they were delicious.  I have been a little underwhelmed by the desserts.  They are good comfort desserts, but lack the complexity of other options on the square.Atmosphere:  I love the decor and atmosphere.  It pushes the restaurant from 3 stars to 4 stars.  It is casual, trendy, inviting, and unassuming all at once.  Do plan to go before 9:00 though.  When they close all of the gates on their liquor displays the restaurant starts to feel less welcoming and more like...well..a closed liquor store that is waiting for you to leave.  Ask to be seated away from the door if you can.  The interior seating is much more pleasant.
4	I was in Madison visiting family and made two trips here on the weekend. They serve late night food and bring in a DJ around 10:30 to spin some alright stuff. Friday night was better for us as he was spinning mostly house. The dance floor gets rowdy and the place gets pretty packed at night so getting to the bar can be slow, but the cocktails are worth it. The Aviator, Sazerac, etc are all good. If you can grab a table lining the room, a waitress will stop by and serve your drinks.With the DJ comes a fairly young undergrad crowd, so if that's your scene I recommend this place. We ducked out after a while and hopped around the square... They're also host to Madison's Best Bartender as voted somewhere...
5	Delicous cocktails and great food!  The Valkyrie is the best!
5	Upon returning from San Francisco expectations for restaurants were high. The Merchant didn't disappoint. Amazing food, beautiful presentation, creative cocktails, and all at a great price. Oh yeah, it's local food too!
5	I've lived in Madison for most of my life, so I've been to many restaurants, and this one is now on my top 5 list. We had a reservation for Saturday night at 7:45pm for 4 people. They seated us right away at a table with bar height chairs near the middle. It was a nice atmosphere and not too loud. The server was prompt and took our drink orders right away. She took our food orders and didn't write anything down - I appreciate servers who can do this and also bring out the right plate to the right person. The drinks were amazing. I had the Valkyrie cocktail - never tasted a one quite like it before - it was amazing! The cocktails are their specialty. They are quite small for the price, but I would still get one again, because it was so good and so different. The food was really great. Better than I had expected based on some of the reviews on here. The pork belly sandwich was awesome, the ribs were very tasty and a good portion (shared between 2), and the fish cakes were the best! Highly recommend checking this place out, whether you go for drinks only or dinner too!
5	Great drinks, great people, great service. Price is what you would expect for this quality. I had great service and despite one small issue (that was taken care of inn seconds) this is a jewel.
2	I strongly advise a detour to Lazy Susan's if considering brunch at Merchant.  I walked in on the afternoon of the large art fair on the square.  It was warm and sunny outside, and the Merchant had blocked off a nice outdoor seating area.  I went up to the hostess stand where a server was standing, and I asked her if we could sit outside.  She said, "Sure.  I'll be outside in a moment."  A moment turned into nearly 10 minutes.  Finally, the host appeared with a carafe of water and two glasses.  He said, "A server will be right with you."  The server's appearance took nearly another 10 minutes, and we had not even seen a menu during this time.  So, when the server finally appeared, she brought us menus.  The brunch was basic with a few standout options.  My husband and I went the basic route, opting for an "American" style breakfast of scrambled eggs, Breakfast potatoes, sausage patties and Madison sourdough wheat toast.  I went with the Greek yogurt with granola, honey, and dried fruit.  It took about 20 minutes before our food arrived.  Thank goodness we brought the newspaper and a book I was reading.  It helped us to be a little less perturbed by the snailed waitstaff.  The interior dining room had not been that busy when we walked in, so we could not comprehend why it was taking so long in between staff appearances.  We noticed that was the case with other tables, and there were murmurs of disappointment from diners surrounding us.When our food was delivered, the table became filled with plates.  The kitchen had presented the food on different dishes: the American fries in a bowl; the scrambled eggs on a plate with the sausage; the toast on a small butter plate.  Unnecessary and wasteful.  Plate everything but the toast, at least.  The plating was not the only issue.  Although the scrambled eggs had a good flavor, they were slightly burned.  The sausage were greasy and overcooked.  The only redeeming plate among them was the order of American fries.  Those had crispy skins and great seasoning.  My granola and yogurt were all in one bowl, but quite a sad presentation.  There was a heaping serving of Greek yogurt with a pathetic sprinkling of granola.  I expect the granola to play at least a supporting role in this menu item, seeing that it says "maple almond;" I would like the flavor from the maple to stand out more.  I also expect granola to have some substance, some structure.  The sprinkling looked more like flakes than bites of granola.  The honey was a great additive, since it brought a luscious sweetness to the bowl, something it desperately needed.  Pure Sweet Honey Farm is a Verona producer of the sticky stuff, so there was the one plus.  I could really taste its quality.  But, aside from that and the delicious nutty wheat bread from the artisan bake shop, and the seasoned breakfast potatoes, we were unimpressed with the Merchant.They will need to retool their AL fresco service and how they are executing their brunch items.  I will not completely discount the Merchant, though.  I am sure it was not named one of Madison Magazine's "Best Of" for nothing.  I think that ranking alone warrants a return visit, but it will have to be for an evening meal with one of their craft cocktails...indoors.
4	Good cocktail menu with a mix of seasonal classics and some new concoctions made up by the staff. Has a nice casual feel for such high-quality stuff. Interior is well designed in the popular old-timey hipster industrial style.  Staff seemed knowledgeable, though I think I out-drink-nerded our bartender at one point - she did not seem to know what a Martinez was when I referenced it - which says more about me than it does her probably. Recommended.
5	Love the craft cocktails menu here at the Merchant. The bartenders are extremely knowledgable and create amazing drinks. I also would try their cheese curds which are as big as golf balls. All of seemed to like our food, but the waitress was a little slow. None of the service staff has real uniforms so it is tough to identify your server, and our server was slow.However, the food was incredible and drinks were fabulous.
4	Our server at Merchant was excellent.  She made very good recommendations for the cocktails.  We had fried cheese curds for the appetizer.  I have not had fried cheese curds before, so I have nothing to compare it to, but these were pretty good if you like that kind of thing.  I ordered the burger and requested that it be cooked rare.  When it came, however, it was cooked well done....real disappointed.  We told the server and she was extremely gracious about the error and took it back right away.  I was given a house salad (really tasty) while I waited.  I can't complain about the accommodations that were made for the error on my order, it is just an awkward situation when you get your meal after everyone at your table is already done eating!  Everyone else I was with really enjoyed their food and got what they wanted!  I would try Merchant again, this particular trip just didn't blow me away.   The atmosphere is cool and my burger was excellent the second time around!
2	I've always been told to try everything twice. My wife and I had come here once and while the meat plate we ordered with our drinks was good, the atmosphere (loud thumping music that prevented us from talking) left a bit to be desired. Our second time around, on our anniversary, my wife ordered a pork skillet and I ordered a burger. Her pork was so fatty that she couldn't finish it, and my burger was so unbelievably salty that I had to stop after a few bites. I have never sent back food before, but I've always been able to choke down my food; not this time. The waiter was very nice about it and got us free desserts as well as taking my burger off our bill. I'm just baffled that someone let that go out the door. I doubt we'll go back.
5	I love the craft cocktails.  The bartender was awesome and funny!  I can't wait to go back here!
5	I didn't eat anything here but we stopped in on a bike tour through Madison and each tried a cocktail.   The cocktail list here is quite lengthy and I really had a hard time deciding which one to get (especially since we made the rule that you couldn't get the same thing as anyone else).  I ended up with the Hi-ball Punch and was very pleased with my choice.   It was my favorite out of the 3 drinks that I tried.  The other two drinks tried were the Reconstructed Cup and The A Train.  All 3 of the drinks were very strong.  We really didn't have any problems with the service.  The waitress was great in helping us narrow down our drink choices and then even gave us some information on some of the other stops we planned on making on our tour.  This place isn't huge but I hear that it gets pretty packed on the weekends.  It seemed like a fun place that I'd probably frequent if I lived in Madison but for now, I'll just have to remember to visit when I'm in town.
4	A good Caipirinha in Madison Wisconsin?! That's exactly the type of reaction you should have at Merchant - one of the best cocktail bars I've ever been to. In the WORLD. It's mostly because the cocktails are inventive, tasty, done right and also super reasonable. The quality of drinks here would be $15 - $20 in NYC, London or Toronto, but instead they are a nice $9 or $6 during HH. I came on the recommendation of a friend who raves about the bar. She was spot on. The bartenders know what they're doing and can make you anything you want. The cocktail list is exhaustive, so here are some of my recommendations: - Para Todo Bien - who knew Reposado and maple syrup were a duo? - Reconstructed Cup - a Pimm's Cup without all that British dry bitterness- Yerbatero - Caipirinha with Yerba Mate syrup takes your taste buds for a ride- Bartender's Choice - whatever they feel like making you, or what you want. It turns out I told them that I love St. Germain and Aperol, which ended up being the Champagne Cola on the menuI'd recommend checking their Facebook/Twitter for specials. We happened to miss the $3 punch on Mondays. The punches were pretty epic and bubbly, exactly what I love! I give it 4 stars because the food was so-so, unfortunately. Burger, salad, mussels, tartare, uneventful. The cheese curds were better than average, and massive. Like big pillowly hockey pucks of cheese. My advice? Eat at home, and come here to get your Don Draper drink on!
5	We had a wonderful late afternoon lunch...outdoor seating near the Capitol Square with perfectly hand-crafted cocktails. We particularly enjoyed the fried chicken and funnel cakes, which is an exciting new addition to the Madison scene. Dean
5	I stayed at the ruby marie hotel in madison after driving in from Chicago looked for a good restaurant.  Merchant Madisonhad the menu for that nights dinner up on website with the pledge that they cook local ingredients and map listing the farms.  There's a cocktail program. We went and started with 3 Wisconsin cheeses- cow, blue and goat, honey comb, pecans, dry cherry and toast.  I had a cup of root soup, very fall, with lightly grilled fluffy texas toast.  My partner had a rye manhattan and it had lemon and orange zest and a cherry and I had ginger limeade.  For dinner we split sweet pork belly with red beans and spice pickled chiles and a rare hangar steak with candied onions and spice cream potatoes.  It was all rich and I liked it. For dessert I had cherry cobbler with almond streusel and vanilla gelato in an iron skillet- sour juicy door county cherries.
2	I used to like the drinks and food here a lot, but I just went here yesterday, and they've changed everything up. The cheese curds are horrible -- they have a TON of flavorless breading all over them that masks the deliciousness of Sassy Cow's cheese curds -- so they are just bland. We also ordered the patatas bravas, which had a good flavor, but they were extremely greasy in a way that detracted from the food. I would give the experience one star, but the drinks are still good.
3	Great classic cocktails and decent food.  I have been here a handful of times, mostly to drink and have got food the last couple of times.  It was pretty greasy and thought it was just okay but nothing spectacular, which is what I expected.  If you are around the capital and looking for a great cocktail loungue where you can buy the booze and ingridents used, this is the place for you.  Great atmopshere and by their cocktail making, I thought the food would be much better.  Still a great place to go for drinks but if you are going just to eat might want to pass.
4	Cocktail amazing, smoky sweet wonderfully crafted. Cheese selection also delicious, selections with a honey comb, buttered toasted rye,and a cherry chutney/jam.  Mussels on the other hand not cleaned properly. Lots of sand, and spent my time picking off the beards; too bad.
3	Octopus Salad was way too spicy: I couldn't even taste any component of it other than the jalapenos. My girlfriend didn't even want to finish her pasta and the food here did not really meet my expectations. To be fair, they were pretty high, but not unreasonable given the atmosphere and pricing.Burger was great though, cooked to the exact consistency I asked and served on artisan bread with a magical secret sauce. Memorably juicy meat served on the perfect loaf. I alsalo had the first truly great whiskey I've ever had here. It was so powerful that you had to drink it a drop at a time, savoring the wonderful warm burn and scent it left on your tongue.  The craft beer selection was also decent.So, as strange as it seems given Merchant's outward appearance as a haute-cuisine upper-class establishment, I can only recommend coming here for a drink and a burger.
5	5 stars for the most attractive bartenders/barbacks in madtown. Thank you boys for being such fantastic eye candy and having ridiculously good taste in music. I want to marry you all. Cheers.
5	Thoughtful, inventive food and cocktails to die for.  I love the vibe of this place.
5	My wife and I went to Merchant just for cocktails and an appetizer. We ordered the mussels, which came with a mild cream sauce with (I think) shallots, and some excellent bread. It was excellent. I ordered a whiskey sour (made with an egg white), and my wife had something Manhattanish. All was superb. We'll be back.
4	Craft cocktails, friendly bartenders and excellent appetizers. What more could you ask for? Their fries are excellent. I've had a few other small plates too, but it's the fries that I remember most. Go here if you are looking for a great drink during happy hour to start off your night right.
3	We stopped here for dinner while visiting our daughter. She has been here before and said the drinks are what they are known for. Mmmmm-mmmm... after having their sidecar, I agree. It was so good. Daughter had another drink with gin and oj. it was very good too. Hubby was driving... so we will have to comeback when we stay overnight so he can try their Manhattan!We had some potato appetizer. The spices were good and it had crispy parts that were the best!I had a Merchant burger. I ordered it medium well and it was a bit dry. Hubby had a burger and said it was so-so. Daughter had a salad, and we both had a soup that our waitress said was fantastic. Daughter and I felt it was "meh".I'd definitely go back for drinks and appetizers!
3	I had a decent time at Merchant, but I was pretty underwhelmed by the menu. Maybe I'm not cultured enough to appreciate it fully, but I had a pretty hard time figuring out what to get. However, as far as ambience and decor are concerned, this place is the bee's knees. I went with the Merchant Burger. I thought it was a little small for the price, and overcooked. All things said and done, 3/5 seems appropriate.
5	I stopped at  Merchant one Saturday after hitting the farmer's market. I was feeling frisky, so I ordered a bloody mary along with a salad and oatmeal.The bloody mary was FANTASTIC--the magical stuff they put on the rim had me licking my lips the rest of the day.The salad was just right--nice, shaved fall veggies and a light buttermilk ranch dressing.Even the oatmeal was good. Granted, it's hard to mess up oatmeal--but it was served with large portions of brown sugar, cream, and sliced apple.Scrumptious. And the atmosphere was lovely. I've heard dinner is fantastic, so I'll have to try that out! I've got my eye on the wild salmon! Yum!
4	Two months ago I would have given Merchant two stars. The menu read like a United Colors of Benetton billboard crammed with Thai, Mexican, Indian and good ole fashioned American. There was a note about chefs shopping the farmer's market for what was in season which apparently meant more flavors from across the globe than MJ's Heal the World video. A cornucopia of flavors that was really hard to read and make sense of. Bartenders were green and pulled out little black books to remember cocktails they themselves created. It was a mess.BUT, I'm happy to report the times they are a changing! Merchant was AB FAB tonight, so much so that I was crafting a review in my head while I was eating (rare that I mix work with pleasure). Get the mussels. TOMORROW. They're in a creamier broth than I typically prefer but tasty nonetheless. Served with a garlic rubbed bread it's a perfect way to start your evening, especially if you plan to share some stuff with friends and need a little nosh early on. I also recommend you get the patatas bravas, a more American take on a classic Spanish tapas, but flavorful for a potato. Hangar steak tonight was a little overcooked for my tastes, but it had great char and a nice flavor, albeit a little less pink than I prefer. We subbed the taters out for frites and couldn't believe how long they stayed warm in the middle. I hate... HAAAATE cold frites, even luke warm frites, so whatever these guys are doing to 'em rawks, they're magic frites. Super awesome. Any place that freshly squeezes their juice ranks high in my book, and these guys are doing it with grapefruits, even though it's 2 bucks a pop at the store right now. (Makes me think they won't cut corners when prices rise). Bar area was slammed so service was a little slower, but I didn't have anywhere to go so it didn't matter. Know that when they have music there are usually killer tap specials, so the place will fill up. Grab seats early like we did and don't be afraid to get all up in someone's face. I did at one point and at the end of the night the bartender helping us out said thanks for being patient and flagging him down when we wanted. All in all, this place is miles better than when I was there over the summer. If you haven't been recently give them another try, and as soon as I get back there and try more of their concise and easier to read menu, I'll let you know how it goes!
4	4-stars on the food, 5-stars on the cocktails. True craft cocktails in Madison are not as rare as they once were, but this is the first place I had a drink and thought to myself: "I might be in San Francisco right now." Down-to-earth as all good Midwestern bars are, Merchant offers specials on high-end punch and "lawnmower beers" in cans.  The fresh, handmade, and local initiative isn't just hipster talk; good drinks and good food go hand-in-hand here. Daily specials, weekly menus, seasonal cocktail selections, and loads of creativity with just the right amount of deference to tradition. Hip Capitol Square restaurant, modern cocktail lounge, and weekend local DJ dance party, this chimeric venue is great for people-watching too. And if you need to watch the game, there are TVs above the bar. The biggest plus for me and many other service/retail-industry people is the 7-day a week late-night food menu. A life-saver on many an occassion.What to eat: Chicharrones, if they're available. Definitely squirt the lime over them and listen to the snap, crackle, pop. The burgers. The foie burger is amazingly rich and flavorful, and the house burger (with brisket on top of the burger) is a go-to winner. House-pulled burrata makes a pretty nice meal on its own. Seasonal salads are healthy and hearty, and the desserts are hard to pass up.What to drink: Um, anything in a cocktail glass. The mixologists are skilled at twisting the old fashioned notions of cocktails and modernizing them with highlights like pipe smoke tinctures, liqueur rinses, and fruity/savory shrubs. And they're exceptional at "just making something" from their extensive bar of craft spirits and home-made bitters, syrups, and tonics. On Mondays, and occasionally at other times, they'll have a special punch made up for a pretty reasonable price. This season, the Carolina is one of my favorite cocktails ever, Smoking Barrels is a unique must-try concoction, and The Regret is a great go-to savory drink that reminds me a lot of the first craft cocktail served to me at a bar in San Francisco. (P.S. Their wines selection is okay, and tap beer selection is refined and craftily good.)And don't worry if all you want is a rail rum and Coke. They'll make that for you too.
2	Cool looking space, but service sucks. Not just once, but last three times there. Three strikes you're out.
4	If Merchants were in Los Angeles, I'd probably eat here every single day... I mean, nothing gets better than good, solid, affordable food made by locally farmed produce! Not to mention, the portion sizes are HUGE and the food came out so quickly!For starters, our group got the cheese curds (DUH! We're in Wisconsin for CHEEEEESE obviously) and these were amazing!!! In addition, we got the maple syrup garlic bread brick toast (also including CHEEEESE), which was such an amazing mix of sweet and savory, all baked together on a fluffy tall brick toast. Per the waitress' recommendation, we also ordered the crispy pork belly pizza, topped with arugula and CHEESE! Ahh nothing gets better than some good ol pork belly! All I wanted to do was to get that pork belly in my own bellllaaaay. Anyways, before I get too excited... I have to mention the entrees. I got the foie gras burger with onions and bleu cheese and had a side of some sort of squash soup as well. This is where the restaurant faltered a little bit. The burger was humongous- a double patty, foie gras + sirloin burger.... bigger than my face!!! The meat patties, themselves, were nice and juicy. However, the onions tasted too much like red wine and together with the excessive amount of bleu CHEEESE (do you see a trend here?) added, I kinda lost the taste of the foie + meat. :( In addition, i wasn't too fond of the soup here... but that's just because I'm not a squash/pumpkin type of girl (one too many pumpkin pie eating contests in 6th grade lead to a fear of all squashes)But, not to worry, the other entrees (I hear) were truly amazing. Almost everyone else got the Chicken Under a Brick, which was a hugeeeee slab of chicken with spinach on the bottom, in a cream sauce. Even though I was almost unbearably full, the host of the dinner party insisted on getting dessert. I chose the cherry cobbler with ice cream and MY GOD, this was heavenly. The cobbler was too sweet by itself, but together with the ice cream, they played the perfect pas de deux in my mouth. So good. Apparently the other desserts that my group tried were quite lovely as well (dark chocolate mousse)... but I didn't get to try any so I'm just going to continue raving about my cobbler. DID I SAY HOW GOOD IT WAS???Anyways, Merchants was a fantastic place for someone who had never been to Wisconsin before (AKA MEEEEEE!). It was so cool to read where each ingredient came from and have this true farm to table experience. The prices were so reasonable (I guess I'm just used to the obnoxious prices of LA restaurants) and the service was so friendly (maybe its just a Midwest thing)... To conclude, I LOVE MERCHANTS despite their few flaws... and I would definitely go back and eat there on a heartbeat! 4.5 stars!
4	I really like Merchant! I've always had excellent service, especially when sitting at the bar and everything new I've tried there has been between good and really, really great. Try the mother's ruin, its my fave.Be sure to check out their specials when you're in, they've got a lot of good deals going on for cheap yet classy nights out almost every night of the week and they host cozy music performances quite regularly.
4	Yum. Been here a few time. Leave each time very pleased.
3	Fairly pleasant experience here. Went with clients and had a nice evening. Cocktails were very good as others had mentioned. Food was rather good, I did the salmon. I am not so sure I agree with the lentils as a  side pairing. My fish was perfectly cooked however, but a bit light on seasoning to really bring out the flavor. One of my colleagues ordered the brick chicken and was a bit underwhelmed. Not complaining at all simply justifying my rating. Overall though it was a good experience.
3	This was our third visit to Merchant, in the past the mixology has been fantastic. So we went for the fixed price menu for Valentines Day.  Extremely disappointing. Watery small drinks, boring options, all of which were clearly prepared well in advance.  It was like Merchant knows that they are a Madison No Brainer and they totally phoned it in.  This should be their opportunity to shine, not be half ass.Absolute vanilla.  We will think again. Bummer.
5	Business owners always ask me the secret to 5 star success and frankly, it's hard to sum up in words. How do you explain to someone, "Be really great at what you do... like better than everyone else." Lucky for me, I can use Merchant as an example. Here's a great story about a place that knew it needed to make some changes, listened to feedback and implemented what people were saying and made smart decisions to the menu that keep me coming back. I went tonight with someone who said, "Merchant... really? I was there a year ago and it was sort of a mess, but if you vouch for it, I'll try it." He loved his rigatoni, I loved the hangar steak (cooked perfectly this time around) and we were both uber pleased with our server Lauren who made incredibly strong drink recommendations. It was awesome to hear her passionately describe two of her favorites, and we decided to get 'em both. The Fire & Wine includes a fun table side presentation that I won't spoil, but suffice it to say if you enjoy warm winter drinks, you need to get this.  Lauren was also super willing to ask the kitchen if they'd swap in the patatas bravas with my steak instead of the mustard mashed taters which are a little too creamy for me. They did, and let me tell ya... this needs to be a thing. Medium steak seasoned perfectly atop crispy potatoes with a zippy little aioli... it's like a Spanish version of steak frites. Super good. And I really appreciated that they were willing to make the switch. So, in conclusion, when people ask me how to rock that 5-star review, I'll simply link to this one. And I'll happily return to Merchant with people that were once turned off by it as long as they continue to grow, evolve and kill it! (Which they totally are.)
4	Arrived to Merchant at around 7:30pm on Friday night and found the place to be quite full.  After checking-in with the hostess, we made our way to the bar, where as luck would have it, 2 seats opened-up.  The wait for a table was only going to be 20 minutes; bar seats trump any wait, so we pulled our names from the wait list.A friendly bartender introduced himself, offered drink and food menus, and gave us a minute or two.  We browsed the cocktail menu and decided on an Old Fashioned and a tap from Lake Louie.The bar area at Merchant is nice; heavy timber, wide and spacious with comfy seats, and a perfectly placed toe rail made for great dining/drinking spot.  The patrons around us were friendly and engaging; one of them offered us a bite of her roasted beet entree, and we obliged - that's how friendly/chill the place is.After perusing the menu and once again not being able to decide on an entree, we opted to sample a few appetizers.  Based on a tip from one of our bar neighbors, we ordered the mussels.  We also ordered the roasted bone marrow and the local cheese plate.The food arrived after a short wait, and we immediately dove into the mussels.  Divine.  Truly divine.  The wine sauce was amazing; the rustic bread that accompanied the mussels was hearty yet chewy - perfect for transporting that awesome broth from the bowl to my beak.Neither of us had tried bone marrow before, but we both loved it.  The presentation was wonderful, and the parsley butter (with shallot) that was served on top of the marrow helped accent the meaty flavor.  Thick slabs of grilled Texas toast were served on the side; the marrow spread like butter on the toast and was so silky smooth and phenomenal.The local cheese plate featured three cheeses, including my all-time fave, Dunbarton Blue.  Local honey and a nice cranberry compote rounded out the dish.  The check arrived and was more than reasonable, especially given the quality of what we sampled.  Service was excellent, and the bartenders did a great, great job of making really excellent suggestions to us.  Merchant = WINFood = 4.25 starsService = 4.5 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 4 starsI could see this becoming a regular hangout...
1	Worst service I have ever had and we sat at the bar.  We were told we could not have their drink special, because "it wasn't ready". It was all booze they had behind the bar.  The drinks we did have were very overpriced for what you got.  Can't comment on the food, but they sure didn't try to win us over. Too many quality other places to go in the area!
5	Merchant is a really special place. Very hip, and the food is absolutely fantastic, the staff is friendly, and the drinks are delicious.The menu changes frequently, but if offered, I highly recommend the peekytoe crab rigatoni, the roasted beets appetizer, and the buratta.My only complaint is that the management is a little lacking. One time, they lost our reservation, and another time, had to stand and wait for the host at the door for a few minutes. But both times, they made it right and were very apologetic.
5	I have eaten at Merchant twice now -- once during Restaurant Week and once a couple months later. For restaurant week, they basically offered their entire menu for $30 instead of the usual $25. They had bargain priced wine and we got a bottle of great wine for $24! My only complaint was that they could have definitely gotten away with making the portions smaller and staying at $25 because I was completely stuffed, even after letting my husband finish my entree, which was pretty much the best thing ever. The burata is amazing, the buttermilk salad was good but under-seasoned, and my husband loved the mussels and the beet salad. He also liked the steak and the classic burger But we both agree that the best thing on the menu is the rigatoni with peekytoe crab, which I've gotten both times we've gone. I am not a pasta person, but the rigatoni itself is so perfectly made and cooked, and the crab + sauce are to die for. This dish is the most expensive on the menu, but it is worth every penny. I also highly recommend the Sea Salt Caramel Gelato.
5	Knowledgeable hipster bartenders slinging excellent mussels and delicious cocktails. Getcho cheese curds on!
5	I came here for dinner on a Saturday night with my parents. We were seated right away and served quickly. The wait staff was very nice and brought our orders quickly. They were out of a drink I wanted so the bartender came over and suggested similar drinks I might like. They have a very nice selection of custom cocktails that are all delicious. They even offered to make a custom drink for my mom because she couldn't quite decide what to get from the menu. The food was great and the desserts were rich and tasty! Definitely go here if you like treating yourself.
4	I am such fan of this place! I've only been there two times so far but both times the food have been excellent!I ordered the steak and the mussels, the mussels are to die for! (personally think its better then sardines and eno vino!) the sauce is literally to die for~!The second time I went, we had the garlic bread app (amazing!) and the sausage pasta there is really good :)The ambience there is great for a date and there cocktails are made with brandy!!Note: i went during dinnertimes and at winter so it might be different since they change their menus frequently!
5	Moco loco burger is the BEST SAVORY burger in town! But caution folks, just one per two weeks or even a month is more than enough...!!!!!This crazy place about local food even makes its own house burrata!! If you haven't tried it (OMG WHY NOT!), its this awesome creamy cheese that lets you spread it over whatever you want. I mean, I like the Italian original at Osteria better, but hey, this is probably as good as local gets!Pastas are always good here too. It's more American Italian, but at least ingredients and flavors are awesome!Drinks are always good!!! Anything with an egg white is DELICIOUS!! I'm not sure I like the atmosphere after 10:30pm on Fridays and Saturdays.. It's more like a club. Very loud music and you have to stand around. Definitely not where I would go to chill out with friends and chat.. But hey, maybe that's your scene.Always packed on weekends during dinner. so make a reservation! AND it's on open table too!Also, look out for the daily specials! Mondays you get burger specials with beer, Tuesdays date night... And other special events ;)
3	Not quite sure how I feel about this place. I've only been here for their club nights, so I can't offer anything about the food or anything.The drinks were pretty standard Madison stuff, nothing too out of the ordinary.The times I've been here were either hit or miss. There are times when I've been here and it's been absolutely crowded, and then returned a week after, only to find this place completely empty.And the music selection is usually geared towards an older crowd, even though most people who frequent (at least during late nights) are younger peeps. I'll still come back once in a while, but this won't be my go-to spot when it comes to a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Very good drinks! Served by very attentive bartenders. Really good pommes frites!We were the oldest people there on a Friday night  & they were  Really nice to us!
5	Great experience - excellent food and very unique atmosphere.
4	Merchant is where I go to hobnob. The atmosphere is dark with a smidge of swank and the drinks are on point with a smidge of expensive. They often boast solid live music on Thursdays and DJs for grooving late nights Friday and Saturday.Do I giggle when bartenders refer to themselves as "mixologists"? Yes. Will I refer to them as such with a straight face in order to get my hands on a Jack Rose (aka my favorite cocktail in town)? Of course. And I knock off a star because the Jack Rose is only made available when their house-made grenadine is in stock. I'll bring in my own store-bought grenadine if I have to. Girl's not too proud to lug syrup around in her purse.Most recently ordered their brat sliders and get.outta.town. Delicious. Next up, I've got my eye on their late night brunch menu. Brunch...10PM-1:30AM...that's my kind of crazy.
4	As a self-respecting recent college grad I have a reliably fantastic drink which I turn to in times of celebration, distress, relaxation, etc. etc. My drink is the '59 Sound at Merchant which combines tequila, fresh lime, housemade basil-lemon syrup, honey, and celery bitters to create a drink you simultaneously want to take home and propose marriage to.The atmosphere at Merchant is great for a quiet dinner but gets rowdy on the weekends (we're talking booty-shakin' dance club, oh yeah!). The fare is expensive for a college budget but is well worth it for a nicer evening out. Last week my sister got the house-made pasta with sausage ragu and fresh ricotta and still won't shut up about it.
5	It was my first time to Madison and Merchant was recommended by a friend. The cocktails, wine, food, and service were all outstanding. I would definitely come back my next time in town.
4	Oh Merchant. I want to love you. You're like a student who tries super hard, comes to office hours, does the reading, talks in class, but then always seems to come up a little short on testing day. I've never had a bad meal at Merchant, but I've also never been blown away. Same for the cocktails, which scream trying really really hard to impress you more than they actually impress you. And same for the overall vibe, which I find a little schizophrenic; I get the fancy marketplace theme (with the deli case and the liquor on the wall), although it kind of feels like a non sequitur given the actual food on the plates and the style of service. And then suddenly weekend nights there's a DJ and big dance party. To me, it just doesn't quite come together. That said, I do like Merchant, even if I don't love it. I do recommend the brunch, which is surprisingly relaxed in contrast to some other brunch places around the square. And like I said, the food in general has been solid if not spectacular. Keep trying, Merchant...
2	While the decor was pleasing to the eye, the service and food quality left me wanting moreAfter catching a show at the Majestic, the wife and I dropped in to Merchant for a drink and a light meal. Our first impression was positive - the setting gave off a hip but friendly vibe.  After a short wait, our server came by and took our drink order.  She seemed rushed and wasn't all that helpful recommending a selection from the wine list.   While the bartender provided us with a generous pour, neither the Domaine de Oritoire Le P'tit Cotes du Rhone nor the Shannon Ridge Sauvignon Blanc left much of an impression. After receiving our wine and ordering the daily flat bread special, we did not see our waitress for 30 minutes, so there was no chance to replace the drinks with another selection.  While the flatbread sounded tasty, it was poorly executed. It was generously topped with goat cheese, bacon, asparagus and shallots. Unfortunately, crust was bland tasting, too thick and became soggy from supporting all of the toppings. Another complication was the ginormous size of the toppings (whole strips of bacon and thick spears of asparagus) which made the dish difficult to consume.  Crumbling the bacon and cutting the asparagus to bite sized pieces would have allowed a better balance of flavors in each bite. While I L-O-V-E roasted shallots, these were undercooked and lacked the sweetness found in properly caramelized shallots.Due to the open floor plan, it was difficult to carry on a conversation due the excessive noise level. While I love the vibe given off by Merchant, the level of service and the quality of food left me unimpressed.  In the future, I'll be more inclined to go to Graze or Johnny Delmonico's rather than return to Merchant when in search for a late night snack.
5	Out of all the many cocktails I've had in Madison, the ones at Merchant are the best. I enjoy making cocktails myself, so I like a place that can at least do better than I can at home. And Merchant definitely does. The drinks are imaginative and the flavors are always well-balanced. There are a lot of places in Madison that try really hard with complex syrups, liqueurs and unique flavors, but then end up failing on the execution somehow. Merchant consistently does it right. My all time favorite drink here is actually just a nice, classic whiskey sour. The cheesecurds are also amazing (if a bit salty, even for cheesecurds), and they're served with a really delicious sauce.
5	Dropped by on Friday with the intention of enjoying a cocktail or two, and wound-up staying for dinner.Merchant continues to impress me. Once again, we sat at the bar and enjoyed excellent service. The happy hour has to be one of the better ones in Madison - it runs through 6:00pm on Fridays.I tried the Bison tartare - holy cats, was it great. Well-seasoned, tender, and so fresh.I tried their perch fish fry and was pleased. Huge fillets of fresh perch, generous (but well cooked) batter, excellent fries, and tasty slaw. A piece of marble rye rounded things out.Service was excellent throughout the night - the bar keeps know their drinks. We will continue to keep Merchant on our short list of "must eat" places.
3	This place is okay.  Good drinks.  This is a place you come to for a drink and then move on.
4	7/11/13 Wife and I biked downtown and visited the Merchant.  She's been raving about their shrimp po'boy sandwich and I discovered for good reason!  It was great.  It came with salad and chips.  We substituted the chips for fries.  We also enjoyed a couple pints of Bedlam by Ale Asylum.
5	Trendy. Tasty. Terrific. We went to Merchant for dinner on a Saturday night with a group of six - quoted an hour wait but ended up waiting only half an hour. That's always a good way to start off the night. In hindsight, I should have made reservations via Open Table. The main dishes at Merchant are kind of pricey ($15- $30) and I'm sure they're great. A couple of people in my group really enjoyed the Market burger, which was one of the cheaper options at $13.But I think the small plates are where Merchant really shines. Our group tried the Patatas Bravas, Cheese Curds, Hush Puppies, Pommes Frites, and the Parmesan and Almonds. All were excellent and the portions are very generous. Part of our group stuck to the appetizers and then ordered a salad for the main course. I personally recommend the Buttermilk Salad. We tacked on the Bread Pudding for dessert, which was seriously the size of a loaf of bread (but much tastier than a loaf of bread). You could order a bunch of small plates, drinks and dessert - spend about $15/person - and be very full on your way out the door. The server split up our bill, no problem. Be advised- they do automatically add tip for bigger groups. I will be back to Merchant for sure, and I highly recommend the restaurant for those looking for a trendy downtown location that will impress in both atmosphere and menu.
5	My bartender, JR...not sure what it stands for but "Jolly Right" would be my vote because he is an amazing mixologist, very talented and recommends just the right drink. After running 13 miles, I decided alcohol and salmon were calling me. This place has an extensive cocktail menu, complete with (not bedtime) stories and history. Great touch. I decided on Chulman's Space Punch because punch just sounds fun and it includes rum and everyone loves rum. Served with a massive cinnamon stick and star fruit, honey and Duquesne Rhum (fancy word for rum), i was hooked. Could have had two, but held back.JR recommended a simple arugula salad and I needed some protein. He said I could add salmon for $4. What...maybe two bites of salmon? I was skeptical. When the salad came, it was an entree portion. Surely, the rhum was playing tricks and he said $14...Outstanding salad. The bill came and there it was...$4 for the salmon. I could not believe it. It was like winning the WI fish lottery. Great spot; hang at the bar. Met a nice couple and we chatted about cocktails and their talented daughter, a budding photographer. Look forward to coming back in September.
5	I was sitting at the bar with two of my friends, having a good ol' bitch fest, when the bartender came over gave us a complimentary shot of "chill the fuck out." That was what he called it - it was just a house whiskey, but it really put us in a better mood.  The service was great. We sat at the bar for probably around 3-4 hours, and were never given the evil eye to move on. They make a great Moscow Mule, it's not in a copper cup unfortunately, but is very refreshing for a hot, humid Madison day. I also ordered the French 75 which is another great summer drink. Go during happy hour where many of their craft cocktails are $6.
3	Stumbled upon Merchant and thought it looked stylish & trendy. Good atmosphere with reasonably priced, strong drinks. Very busy on a Friday night.At 10pm, DJ took over playing great 80's & 90's music. Lots of college kids getting their groove on.  Enjoyed people watching!Really fun time, but skip the shrimp tacos. :)
5	Update: Returned for dinner on a Saturday night. I made reservations this time around. The flatbread was incredible - I've never had anything quite like it. Two members of my party had pasta dishes and both options were refreshing rather than heavy. They were happy with their pasta  -  I was happy with my flatbread - and we were all happy with our bottle of wine.
5	I had dinner with a friend at Merchant last night for the first time. It was a fantastic experience on all levels! We were happily greeted and got a table right away. We really appreciate that they use food from local sources as much as possible. And our server, Emily, was lovely & informative giving us helpful ideas/info. I chose the Deaths Door Vodka on the rocks (smooth with notes of vanilla) and my friend had the Pisco Sour - both were amazing & the real deal - we were seriously happy girls.On to the food! We started with the roasted beets with bleu cheese & hazelnuts. They were incredible - a well rounded dish offering equal parts warm/cool, soft/crunchy, sweet/acidic. Side note:  I don't even like bleu cheese and it was creamy heaven.For a main course, I ordered the Atlantic Salmon. It was truly the best salmon I've ever had - tender fish with crisp skin & perfectly seasoned with hints of lemon/fennel served with an amazing array of vegetables in a light, but flavorful buerre blanc sauce. I actually asked for a spoon to get more of the sauce (as I figured putting the plate up to my face would be considered poor form).  My friend had the Mozzarella Panini with pepper jam and arugula which was also crazy delicious and well balanced - I would absolutely order that dish in the future. We had no room for dessert, but I look forward to that next time.Give Merchant a try - it's my new favorite place!
5	Have I really never written a review of Merchant? I've been here at least 5 times, the most recent being a week ago, and Merchant never disappoints! First and foremost, Merchant has great mixologists. Their cocktails are unique and delicious. Secondly, the head chef totally knows what he's doing with the farm-to-table concept. I've tried everything from bone marrow, bison tartare, cheese and meat plates, flat breads, salads, and fish. Everything is always delicious. Never a complaint from me! Check out their Facebook page for daily specials. The other day, I found out the offer half price bottles of wine on Wednesdays, and they always post amazing pictures of their food.
4	Good drinks,good food. Service was strange. Our server may have been new. Soup came out after entrees. Weird right. Everything was tasty . Great atmosphere.and drinks. Bar was very hands on. Do not know how it would be with a crush of customers.
5	We hosted a bachelorette party dinner here at merchant, and had an Amazing time being wined & dined!!! Thank you to Maddy, & her team for her special treatment to the bride, and all of her partners in crime :) it was a great, delicious feast to start the evening off right :)
3	A bit pricey, below average service, but really delicious.Went to Merchant right around 5 on a Thursday night and asked to be aware outside. We were told the patio was reserved at 6:30, and we said we could be out of there well before then.Our waitress didn't come to the table for 10 minutes, though in that time we were given water by someone else. We ordered drinks and an appetizer, which also took a while to come out. When the waitress put the drinks down, she mixed them up, which was fine because I noticed as soon as I tasted the one in front of me. My partner had already downed half of the drink that I ordered though. Oops. The drinks were good, and fairly strong. The Patatas Bravas were pretty good-- crispy, though I wanted more flavor in the Harissa aioli. I didn't sense any heat at all.For our main courses, we had a beet salad (small for the price), Thai tomato soup (deliciously spicy and served with huge pieces of Texas Toast), and brat sliders with frites (served in foil, dripping with grease and a bit difficult to eat, but packed with flavor).Generally, the service was really slow, and we ended up leaving after 6:30, I think to the dismay of the anxious-looking hostess. The fare was really good, if a bit pricey. I'll definitely give it another try!
3	Food is mediocre and not what I'd expect at that price. Seems like the good reviews are all about the cocktails and not the food.
5	The service, the food, the drinks, the vibe, the creativity....I could go on!  Just fantastic!!
4	I like this place! They pour pretty strong drinks, and they always have a delicious variety on their menu. It gets a little too loud on nights when they have a DJ, but it's still fun. It's a nice place to go for a drink date or something.
3	The food was good but not knock my socks off for the price.  Definitely meant more for the cocktails and drinks. Since I'm pregnant, I missed out on that side.
5	original presentation. great attention for wait staff
3	To be clear, this a review for the bar/drinks, NOT the food, as I have never ate there. The GoodDelicious cocktails. Really delicious. And seasonal with impeccable ingredients. The BadA little pricey. At 10:30 it turns into a super obnoxious club. The UglyEssential, I think Merchant has an identity crisis and needs to decide what it is. They are so confusing. Are you are nice restaurant known for your fancy drinks? Are you an upscale dining/alcohol selling experience? Or are you a clubby joint that has super alcoholic drinks? I can't rectify all of those things. I think this place could be great if they focused on one thing.
5	Absolutely outstanding! My friend and I were out doing a progressive dinner. We started at merchant. We didn't have reservations and it was a Saturday night. The staff was wonderful and found us a table. They also sat me without my friend, which many restaurants around the square will refuse to do. Mike was our server and he was beyond wonderful! Really knowledgeable. We were looking to try new things and he was great. He recommended the meat platter which was exceptional! We also had the warm olives. He also picked out drinks for us. I wish I could remember the names as they were excellent just like the rest of the meal. I was so impressed. The food, the drinks and the service were exceptional! We will return!!!
4	Kinda the old kid on the block as it relates to craft cocktails.  Approachable drink menu and the mixologists are always willing to make special request.  The food is sometimes hit or miss so I usually focus on the drinks and get my grub somewhere else.
4	If you want to enjoy some well-made cocktails in a cozy, upscale atmosphere, then Merchant Madison is the perfect place.It's one part liquor store, one part music venue, and one part cocktail lounge that also happens to serve delicious food.The cocktail menu is impressive  Drinks are listed by spirit and the selection is massive(it was practically a book!). I sucked down quite a few of a tasty concoction named 'The Regret,' which featured Death's Door gin or vodka (I opted for the gin), fresh lime juice, and rosemary. It was a most delightful libation: clean, crisp, and citrusy. (And the name is spot on; I experienced my own "regret" in the form of a mild hangover the next morning.)The cocktologists were all friendly and hipster-y, in their knit hats, looking like they participate in Movember year-round.MM has nightly specials like "Wine and Dine" on Wednesdays, and "Burger and Beer" on Mondays. Plenty to like about this place, and I haven't even tried the food yet.Looking forward to working my way through all the inventive cocktails. Good thing several more trips to Madison are on the docket.
4	Review is for DRINKS only.I was out for drinks in Madison and craving craft cocktails -- a gin & tonic just wouldn't do. We decided to stop here to check it out, maybe between 9 and 10pm.Most of the tables were being cleared and the bar was pretty busy. The cocktail list was lengthy, expect to pay at least $9 a pop for one of the delicious cocktails. I had something with gin, lemon, and rosemary that was delicious and Ronnie had his favorite, the Aviation. The bartenders can take a while to spot you and then craft the drink, so be patient! Speaking of the bartenders, they were all relatively attractive young bucks who knew they could flirt their way to a good tip. Where's the love for fine lookin' lady cocktail makers, huh?!This is kiiiind of a scene in my book. However, there were all different groups here. Trendy yuppies, mid-30 something couples out sans kids, hipsters, middle aged mom's for a night out, and dressed down college types. I'd come here again for drinks for sure. Sadly we left after a round due to the high price tag to drink cheap beer around the corner. However I'm sure the beer/wine list had some affordable options!
4	Shut your face.  Yup.  You.  Because I just can not believe, I have waited so long to come here!What have I been doing with my life?  Now, to be honest, this was our first stop of the evening.  So we had drinks and an appetizer.  Big mistake, I will tell you why later. We were there during Happy Hour and happily, the Paloma was on the menu.  The Paloma is by go to drink and they did it well.  Tequila, lime juice and grapefruit juice.  Yum.  Trust me, people can mess up this simple libation.  My husband ordered a Manhattan.  Delicious.  Just fantastic.  Sweet but it packed a nice bite.  I wish I had ordered one myself.  We also ordered the buffalo cheese curds.  They are the traditional cheese curds douses in buffalo sauce (kind of like a chicken wing).  They were amazing.  Completely different concept than I was used to.  I could only eat a few before my mouth were on fire.  I wish they had given us more dressing (or a larger cup) to cover the curd more.  They were so unique.  The traditional order is perfect for 3-4 people.  With two people, it was extremely filling.  The bottom ones that were sitting in the sauce got a little soggy.  I wish they did not have a pool of the sauce at the bottom.  Yeah, yeah, little things.  But I have nothing else to critique.  I liked the way our table was tucked against a pillar.  They had a couple of two tops that just float in the middle of the floor.  Those were kind of weird.  I would NOT want to sit there.  The decor and overall feeling was fantastic. The value was fantastic as well.  Two delicious (and large) cocktails with the appetizer was $20 even.  Not sure why I was not convinced it was a 5.  Just might have to go back and try some more.  So the big mistake was leaving.  We were heading to Graze for an entree round of part of a progressive dinner.  We should have never left Merchant.  It was fantastic!
5	Everything here is lovely. The staff was friendly and professional. The place was busy on a Wednesday night but it felt private and quiet due to the lighting and decor.The food couldn't have been better. Good soup and steak and deserts were amazing. We definitely will be going back- probably many many times. I want to try everything on the menu, it all sounded good. Definitely try this place. Even if you're only in Madison for a short time, you don't want to miss this one.
3	I have to admit: I'm not quite sure why everyone raves about this place. The food is decidedly OK -- and that's it. I had mussels and a salad and both were not well put-together or seasoned. That said, the service was alright and the ambiance is great. I really hope the menu improves in the future.
5	Ok, so to get the easy out of the way - the food and drink were great.  Maybe not 5 stars - but a solid 4.  What got us to 5 stars then?  Her name is Kristin and she is a saint.  Showed up for a reservation on a Saturday night as a 4 top.  3 of us will eat almost anything, and like it.  1 of us (not me) is a picky eater but we adore her nonetheless.  For this week's menu, she could not find a single thing that agreed with her.  Our server Kristin had the patience of a Saint - she went above and beyond to essentially do a custom dinner for our picky one, always with a smile.  It was really nice to see her so accommodating.  So Merchant gets 5 stars today - the 5th one due to Kristin!  PS - It also happened to be a Mad Men themed evening which was awesome to watch.
5	Craft cocktails made by hand.  Bartenders are artists.  This is not a bar to have a Miller Lite or a Captain and Coke.  In fact, I would suggest to ask the bartender to surprise you.  I can assure you they will.
4	All the trappings of a Williamsburg, NY inspired craft food experience. Craft cocktails, hipster chic ambience, wall paper, etc. The food was quite good, the drinks were not bad. For Madison, this place is a chart topper.--That said, I am about to pick on this place because it could be awesome, but makes a few errors that could easily be corrected.1) The signage for the restaurant is  art nouveau which is incongruous for a place with a New American cuisine and interior, and it misleads some of the graphics inside the restaurant.2) The Christmas lights in the windows gotta go. There are better ways to bring much needed attention to the windows without cheapening the rest of the investment in design.3) The water bottles that sit on the table need to be changed out to something with a real vintage feel, it makes a big difference in the experience as they sit on the table for the entire meal.4) The drink menu is a bit over designed, hard to use, and doesn't really tell me if I can buy the booze on the wall, which is a big miss for cross promotion if I can.5) The staff tried, and are clearly trained, but need to keep training and being inspired to want to create the right experience.Anyway, I enjoyed my steak and would stop back by to try the brunch next time I am in town.
5	I don't often give 5 stars but when I do it means something. I had been wanting to try this place for awhile and last night it did not disappoint. We had reservations for 5 people and arrived a little early. Had nice drink at the bar. They have an amazing craft cocktail menu. We had the old fashioneds and they were excellent. We had the cheese curds for an appetizer and the sauce was outstanding. We had the mussels for a "second" appetizer and they were amazing. The sauce they were in was so flavorful and the mussels were so large. The garlic bread on top was delicious.It was burger and beer night so 4 of us had the burgers. The brioche buns were toasted just perfectly. One person had the pork pappadelle. The homemade ricotta and pasta was delicious. We didn't have room for dessert but maybe next time. They also sell bottles of liquor I believe and have a whole wall with liquor and wine displayed. The atmosphere was great.I typically don't go back to the same place too often if it is downtown because I like trying different places but I'll be back here.
5	Great place to grab a drink with friends. We stopped here before dinner.I really appreciate that the bartenders take the craft cocktail business seriously without the attitude. The bartenders are super friendly and fast. Our bartender made a perfect martini -- he even asked me if I wanted it stirred and exactly how much vermouth. The result was awesome. Merchant also keeps their martini glasses in the freezer.I would probably not eat dinner at Merchant given the noise factor. The bar got fairly crowded and was rambunctious at times. Trying to have a dinner for two or something might be kind of tough. But for drinks, or a casual dinner, Merchant delivers.
4	Excellent little place. I was skeptical, but my husband loved his breakfast burrito, my shrimp tacos were un-mazing, and the sides of pork belly were spectacular. The tacos had HUGE shrimp which was tender, sweet, and perfectly prepared. We will be back!
4	Went to Merchant last night with 8 girls and it was SUCH a great experience. First off, I'm new to Madison and didn't realize how most places require reservations or else you have to wait. I called at 3:30 pm on the day of this gathering and the hostess was SO nice in getting us a back area for drinks at 7 and then we were seated by 8:30 pm. The service was awesome, the food delicious and simple with fresh flavors and reasonable prices. So why only 4 stars? Even at 8:30 pm, you had to shout to hear each other and to the waiter in order for him to hear our order. Totally understand that kind of volume after 10 pm, but not at 8:30 pm. Other than that, totally a fan and will certainly come back for happy hour or an earlier dinner or brunch.
5	Local food on the menu "farm-to-table restaurant", in addition to one of the best cocktail menus I've ever seen makes this place wonderful.  If you are a person that appreciates these elements you won't be disappointed.   Be warned the cocktails are about 15 bucks a pop because it's premium liquor.
5	Had dinner for the first time at Merchant during Restaurant Week. My date ordered cheese curds and I had the brown sugar bacon brussels sprouts. The cheese curds are fried in a light crisp batter, which makes them awesome. Even the buttermilk ranch they make tastes better than others. The brussels sprouts had the perfect crunch, and I enjoyed the contrast of the bacon and brown sugar. For our entree I ordered the baseball cut NY strip steak, medium rare. The steak had a peppered seasoning and was cooked to my liking. Fries were good and so was the light arugula salad. I was most impressed with my friend's pork shank entree. The pork shank was incredibly tender. It just melted in your mouth. You could tell the flavor absorbed well into the meat because every bite you had was full of flavor. For dessert we both ordered the bread pudding and that was tasty too. I enjoyed the nutmeg and sea salt flavors. I will be coming back during Restaurant week again for their lunch items!
5	I did not have dinner here, but rather came at night when the DJ was going strong and the crowd was happy to dance. Great craft cocktails with a really happening scene. I hadn't been to Madison before my trip here, and I was surprised by the hip ambiance. My only suggestion for improvement would be to open the kitchen later for those of us who might get hungry after a few drinks and a lot of dancing!
4	Looking for a night cap after a really nice dinner nearby, we were attracted to the space by the amble bottles of back bar visible from the street. Glad we stumbled in as this has to be the coolest bar/restaurant/deli/store/etc/etc in town. We were amazed by how much is really going on here, and that is a good thing!  As other reviewers have stated, the bartenders (and that is an insult to label these talented professionals as that) are fantastic. Super knowledgeable but also attentive and social. These guys treat the cocktail as a work of Art. So nice to see the passion from staff. Next time we will eat for sure.....or maybe just enjoy the drinks again. Can't wait to go back. 4 stars only because we didn't eat but bar is 5 star for sure.
4	I got the special that was not on the menu and it was fish and chips, and it was reallyyy goood. Light / fresh fish and light batter and the fries were crispy and good too. My friends had the duck and the mussels, both of which were great too. We shared the ploughman... charcuterie board thing... and lucky for us the waiter accidentally brought out the basic cheese board and just brought us another full board with the cured meats. For it's price though, there was very little cheese. I love their large cocktail menu ( I like the more citrusy/fresh ones) and their drinks are indeed tasty. Great decor, love that their walls are covered with bottles of wine.We made a reservation, so I dont know what it's like to just walk in.
2	I liked the decor and atmosphere a lot.  It was loud, but lively and warm. We didn't have a reservation, so we got seated in what turned out to be not such a great table.  It was really close to the bar.  Our server-- who was very nice and clearly well-trained-- tried to make some room, but we just sat on the same side.  Cocktails were fine.  You can tell they're trying hard, but the results were nothing to write home about.Cheese curds were good-- I would say above average, with a nice light batter.My wife ordered scallops, which were served with swiss chard and some nice crusty bread ($26).  This included three scallops (medium-large, but not enormous).  The sauce really added nothing to them.  Not a bad dish, but really kind of bland and boring.  My wife thought that they were tasty but overpowered by salt.  I thought that they were just boring.I had the pappardelle ($19).  To be honest, it kind of sucked.  The proportions were off (oddly enough, not enough pasta and too much sauce) and the sausage that they were using seemed to be high-quality, but ill suited for the dish.  It was bland when it needed to be robust.  It came with what seemed to be  a huge ball of ricotta, but it seemed to just melt in and away quickly, adding very little to the dish.  On the whole, this dish  really could have used some more flavor, if even just some more salt.  So, in sum, an utterly mediocre and forgettable meal for far too much money (total with three drinks and tip was just under $100).I highly doubt we'll be back.
4	Having lived in Madison for a few years now, I realized the other night I have never eaten at Merchant; I've only drank there. Merchant is perfect for the first drink of the night or the last drink of the night. I would vote that it is perfect for the first drink of the night as it tends to become very packed as the night goes on. I started my night there around 9 pm last Saturday night and it already was shoulder to shoulder in there. I did manage to find some standing room around one of the bar tables to enjoy my drink. Every time I enter Merchant I have the intention of ordering a new seasonal drink but every time I end up ordering 1 of 3 standbys- The Aviation, The Bees Knees, or The Regret.--and each time I never regret that decision. The bartenders are good-nay-great at what they do. The other staff seems might aloof when asking them questions or for help navigating a spot to stand/get a drink. Will I be back? Duh.
4	I went for brunch so this review is just based on that, I have no opinion on drinks and other meals.For a brunch that seems like love was made into the dishes, Merchant Madison does a great job. A friend and I both got the omelette made with oyster mushrooms and sauteed onions with potatoes and a side salad. I am not giving five starts because the salad contained a ton of frieze, when it should have had more spring lettuce. Frieze is not a good base lettuce because it is so prickly. The potatoes were AMAZING, perfect amount. The omelet was delicious too but was also coated in oil (so it would come out of the pan perfectly?), which I know is not necessary, just a gross shortcut. I just ignored that unneeded added calories. Coffee was great. Price was great too for quality and size.
4	They have a great drink menu here.  I had a Maker's old fashioned (my favorite) and it was made perfectly and the right way.  No "sweet or sour" here (sweet and/or sour is not an old fashioned by the way).  This bar is a little expensive but you are getting a quality drink so I think it's worth it.  There was a live DJ on the night that I was there so it was really loud.  Be prepared for that.  All in all this is a pretty fun bar with great drinks.
4	Stopped in for a drink before dinner and decided to "roll the dice" in which you let the bartender choose.
5	Great service at the bar!  Friendly staff.  Pork and Steak were amazing.  Best cheese curds I've had since moving here.  Love love love!
5	I've been back to Merchant more times than I can truly count, and it continues to impress.+ By far and above all others - the finest cocktails in Madison+ Always a solid selection of micro brews on tap+ Sit at the bar and engage the bartenders; they're fun, informative, and helpful- Yes, it's noisy at times, but it's a big, open space with lots of hard surfaces+ Cheese curds are awesome+ Brunch is amazing+ You can buy your favorite booze on-site and take it home with you
5	Went to Merchant for dinner tonight.  Ordered a well-done burger, as usual.  But what was really unusual was when someone from the kitchen came out with complimentary cheese curds for our table because we had to wait longer for the well-done burger.  That has never happened at any other restaurant we've visited.  Food and service were both great.  We'll be back for certain.
4	I love to watch the bartenders!  It is a well-oiled machine they have going, and the cocktails are yummy.  Prices aren't the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.  Food is good, too.
4	Top 3 highlights/lowlights1) excellent service2) gluten free options available3) breakfast cocktails Came to Merchant for brunch on a Sunday. We did not have a reservation (this is recommended!) but we were seated right away at the bar. The menu has a variety of items and offers gluten free bread for toast/sandwiches. I had the breakfast sandwich on gluten free bread and really enjoyed it, it came with a salad which really balanced everything out. The menu also had several specialty cocktails (as you expect here!) and the service was excellent.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Madison for a couple of days and I was blown away by how great this place was. The food quality, taste, and presentation were amazing! The signature cocktails were very impressive. The service was excellent. The atmosphere/decor were very nice.Our server, Megan, was awesome, friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and made our time there really special. We loved our brunch so much that we came back at night for dinner and she was our server both times! If I really had to complain about one thing, one of the bartenders at night (guy wearing a dinosaur costume) was kind of rude to me and charged me the wrong price for a drink. Eh, they were busy. I will definitely visit again, everything was beyond my expectations. Highly recommended!
5	Merchant is one of my top 3 places to go to. All the bartenders make me feel welcomed. Two weeks ago was the first time I actually sat at a table ever. I always sit at the bar by myself or come dancing on the weekend to get loose. Haha. Serves was great but was longing to sit at the bar. Every time I go Something about the place makes me feel like I can wear my black beanie and "run this world".
4	Was told to go here for drinks but instead I made it over there for breakfast. It was Easter Sunday and they were very busy but I sat at the bar and was served quick. I was going to order a regular omelette but instead the biscuits and gravy caught my ear. It was biscuits in a creamy gravy mixed with sausage. It was so good, I inhaled it and was so full. The bartenders were friendly and asked what I thought about the meal. Hopefully next time I am back in Madison I can get there for drinks.
4	Sat at the bar and had drinks and dinner.  Service was fantastic and friendly, even though they were quite busy.  Cheese plate was amazing (and all local!), I took a chance and told the bartender to 'make me something'...and he suggested and made a wonderful cocktail from their menu that I might not have ordered on my own, but was perfect for me.   The entrees did not disappoint...friendly down-town vibe.  We will return.
5	Warning: This is going to be a very short review and I will update it when I return to try more things!A girlfriend and I stopped here for some after dinner drinks on a Friday night. The place was packed, which was to be expected. We squeezed into a spot at the bar and were quickly attended to by a bartender. Before I get into the drinks and food, this place is so cool. I always thought it looked cool from the outside but it's even cooler than I expected. And the bartenders are so awesome! They're all super nice and so incredibly knowledgeable about what they do. What an impressive place.Back to the review. We ordered a few drinks, my friend ordered a Whiskey Sour and I ordered whatever the bartender felt like making me. He ended up making me something with tequila in it and a bunch of other ingredients that I didn't know but it was delicious! So delicious that we decided to stay for another. This time I tried an Amaretto Sour and oh my god. How have I never been here before....it was out of this world good. I'd be religious to this place just for that drink. We also ordered cheese curds because why not and they were divine. Super ooey gooey with just the right amount of breading and fried to perfection. Yumm. Like I said, I plan to return to try their food and will update when I do!
3	.Merchant has a great location in a reasonably convenient place near Capitol Square.  I also liked the interior as it is convenient and comfortable.  Staff is also upbeat and can't be blamed for any shortcomings.  Madison, however, is not New Glarus and needs to be met at a higher standard.  I am reminded of a comment a friend from Ireland used recently, "It lacks something".  I know that it is focused on specialty hard liquor drinks for the kid set and is probably jammed on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  However, we were there on Sunday.  I tried to order the moule frites, but they only had enough for part of our table.  I did, however, get to try them.  Merchant needs to visit Bistro V to see how moule frites are supposed to be done.  Both quality and quantity were lacking.  My companion asked for some of the advertised Rhubarb jelly to go with her selection.  It was touted as "from the farm market".  Well, Ms. Chef,  you had better check out the locally grown product more carefully, as this stuff could have been grape squeezings or almost any other fruit base, as it was totally characterless.  I used to make stuff like this out of whatever came to hand years ago, and I could never tell the source either.For potential visitors, check out the menu before you go and then call ahead to see if they will actually have your choice.  Offerings need both updating and a broader selection in my opinion.
3	food is decent. it is very busy place but service was very slow. good place to watch sports games. there's bar sections and dining sections.
5	If I had more money, I would probably spend most of it on Merchant. I love Merchant. Merchant reminds me of those higher-scale Chicago craft-cocktail bars, so if you've ever been to one of those (think Violet Hour, Big Star, Small Bar, etc.), give Merchant a try.Prices make this a once-in-a-while, special-treat kind of place for me, but the drinks are some of the best on the Square, the atmosphere is relaxed but still cool, and the food is delicious. Although, full disclosure, anywhere that serves aioli with their fries is already at least a solid B+ in my book. (Another plus: I have yet to see a bartender at Merchant that is NOT super-attractive. So.)I really liked the service here, too - our waitress seemed very knowledgeable about what went into everything on the menu, but she also kept things very down-to-earth and less formal than I would've expected, which was nice. She was also very attentive and upfront about their gluten-free options.
5	Amazing cocktails. Great food. Awesome service.
3	Overview: fun and relaxedHits: happy people, mixed crowd and decent bar tenders.Misses: service pacing, contrived urban outfitters decor, and constantly  confused runners.Hints:  if there is a wait and the bar is full, consider a pop over to delmonicos for a cocktail.Bottomline: fun for happy hour,  solid brunch, and great when you want to swap dinner for snacks / drinks with friends.
5	A truly unique and very special experience, bartenders Tom Dufer anf Paul Davis are not merely knowledgeable and talented, but it is their creativity thst mskes this bar stand out in a town full of bars.  The original cocktails in the menu change each season, so be sure to stop back often! This reviewer will!
4	Our visit started a bit rocky but once the road was righted I could see that this is an impressive restaurant and bar (and liquor store).There we two groups at the hostess stand when we walked in and we took our place in line.  There seemed to be a bit of chaos with the staff behind the podium and when we reached the front of the line we were told the hostess called in and servers were trying to cover her duties.We were shown to our table and the experience was nothing but stellar from that point forward.   A super cheery, but not fake, waitress came to take our order.   I promptly choose the Saturday morning brunch requisite; a Bloody Mary.   The Merchant take is excellent.  For starters one can take the traditional route and have their drink with vodka.  Or you can substitute gin and have a Bloody Margaret.  Or a Bloody Maria (tequila instead of vodka) is also an option.Judging by the glasses of fresh herbs on the bar rail and the extensive selection of spirits behind the bar I knew their bloody mix would be homemade, and most likely tasty, before the drink even arrived.   The good news is the drink completely lived up to my advanced hype.  The mix had layers of spices, Worcestershire being the deepest, then some hints of horseradish and a bright finish of celery salt on the end.   Garnish was simple, but as long as the mix is good it's a good drink for me.The special of the day was a market omelet filled with fresh vegetables.  Since we had just come from the Farmer's Market  this sounded like the perfect choice.  Fresh shiitake mushrooms, asparagus, sunchokes, and spinach.  All were well seasoned and sauteed in olive oil before being stuffed inside the light and fluffy omelet.   A side of rosemary and parmesan potatoes rounded out the dish nicely.Our service was wonderful - not too attentive but not neglectful either and she really did a good job on creating a fun and positive atmosphere.And back to the aforementioned liquor store.  It's not exactly a store per se (see my photo) but there is an entire wall full of spirits and wines for retail purchase.There's many places in Madison I'd like to try for the first time, but I have a feeling I may be back at the Merchant for again before I get through that list.
5	Wonderful experience. Thanks Nathaniel for the amazing service. Try a brandy old fashioned to start. I had two! The cheese plate followed by the butter ranch salad was a perfect start. Kev had the veggie option and loved it. I had the fish fry...perfect! We finished by sharing the chocolate-beet cake. Sounds odd....was amazing......moist, not too sweet. We will definitely be back the next time we are in Madison.
5	Was delighted to discover this gem off of the capitol square when I was in town for an on-location shoot. Cocktails were inventive and delicious, food was memorable -- excellent salad and nibbles. And the decor is fun -- a little Wisconsin hipster heaven.
4	Delightful. I liked the decor, felt homey and a warm use of textiles, glass and wood.  The radish and sourdough board was good and I ate it as my dinner. I also had a good taste of the burger and it was more tasty than I've had in a long time. Blue cheese not over powering and you can add a fried egg!  So so good. Duck confit was fantastic. Very pleased with our waitress. She was engaging and helpful answering my questions about the cocktails and size of plates.
3	This place has a nice atmosphere and good wait staff, but unfortunately the food was mediocre. I had the Merchant Burger, and ordered it medium rare. The burger I received was at least well done, and relatively flavorless. I expected a little bit more for a 12 dollar burger.
5	So a review of Merchant is difficult because the spot wears two hats:Merchant functions as a great restaurant by day. Locally sourced food that is interesting but focused (eg brunch menu is very farmtable oriented). I think this place has the best drinks in town, hands down. It deserves five stars based on that alone. The bartenders are thoughtful and deliberate with each drink they make, and each cocktail is unique and intentional in its flavoring. Big fan.Late night, Merchant turns into a club. If I were basing off this alone, we'd probably go with 3/5 stars. Gets crowded, loud, and pretty obnoxious with the young professional crowd (I have been a fufiller of this stereotype more than once). But overall a good time; and hey, they still serve those drinks.
1	Horrible experience here! First restaurant I've been to in Madison where the staff were completely pretentious. Now that I think about it, they are the most pretentious people I've met so far in living here in Wisconsin. Everyone here has been so nice, which is such a change from Los Angeles, but the people from Merchant gave me a reminder of some of the jerks I remember from L.A. I was willing to look past this as long as the food was good. Isn't that how it usually works, you can be jerks because what you're offering is so good that people have to look past that? This wasn't the case. The food came out luke warm and not good. We had 3 different main courses all of which were ok at best. I've been so impressed at the restaurant selection here in Madison that it was a disappointment to have such an all around bad experience here. Save your money and go to one of the other 20 amazing restaurants in town. Walk down the street and eat at Sardine, 43 North, etc.
4	My friends and I stopped by for restaurant week, and it was a hit!Off the restaurant week menu, I had: the radish&ricotta salad, the BBQ pork shank, and the raspberry gelato&fresh fruit. Merchant also offers their restaurant week menu a la carte, so the three of us shared an order of the steamed mussels.Appetizer: The bacon bits on the radish&ricotta salad was a nice surprise! I'm not typically a fan of radishes, but I loved how the radishes were coated in a light dressing and then sprinkled with bacon and paired with fresh strawberries. Such a refreshing combination! The steamed mussels were also delicious, especially with the white wine reduction. I thought the mussels were a little on the small side and kind of dry, but they were definitely very enjoyable when paired with the white wine sauce.  Entree: Don't be fooled by the size of the pork shank. It doesn't look like all that much food, but trust me, it is more than enough to satisfy even the most voracious of appetites!! The baked pinto beans and the sauteed collard greens were also delicious and provided a nice complement to the pork!Dessert: I am glad I chose the gelato for dessert (to share!), it was a great palate cleanser and a nice, light way to finish off an otherwise heavy meal. :)Cocktail: I also had the kohana hana cocktail, per recommendation of our server.  It came served in a lager bottle, dressed with a tiny orchid. I love it when my cocktails have a little bit of flair! ;) I loved the fact that she knew right a way which ones to recommend when I told her that I wanted something more tangy - that's how you know that they really know their stuff! I definitely think I will be trying the 'Not Yet 25' at some point in the next few weeks, since I only have 28 more days where that drink will actually be applicable.Dining at Merchant was overall a very pleasant experience. I'd definitely recommend it for a nice evening out!
4	A bit on the pricey side but their cheese curds are excellent and they do a nice "roll the dice" drink special. Pick your choice of liquor (you can specify if you prefer sweet, fruity, dry style of drink) and the bartender will craft you something totally random!Also a decent spot to go dancing, if you're not one for super crowded floors.
5	Not a typical NYC bar. Ring the door bell to get in, pull a to get someone to come over to take your order, and talk without having to scream. It's cozy, comfortable, has nice collection of unique cocktails and a great outdoor backyard garden area.
5	Definitely a contender for best restaurant in Madison. The bartenders know their stuff and the kitchen, too. Try the pork paperdelle -  it's amazing.
4	We stopped in for couple of drinks last night, the wife had the shark-nado a spicy blend of sweet and rum. I had the sazerac cocktail a nice lightly sweet bitter drink served up, very good considering I really only drink whisky neat. I really like the ambiance with the menus labeled hunger and thirst.
4	This place does lots of things well. I had been here for drinks a few times, but my husband and I ate there for the first time last weekend at brunch. They have the most extensive bar I have seen in Madison and their drinks are superb. The atmosphere reminds me of what I imagine Einstein's lab would look like if he were a chemist (or bartender). Exposed bulbs and industrial furniture. I would describe the aesthetic as mainstream steampunk. Merchant also has an extensive selection of liquor off sale. The brunch food was very delicious and priced about the same as other brunch restaurants nearby (my biscuit breakfast sandwich with a side salad was $12). Everything on my plate was excellent and my husband also very much enjoyed his biscuits and gravy. We sat at the bar and had excellent service from the bartender. However, the hostess initially sat us at a very awkward table with flimsy chairs that she called a "high top." It was not a high top table like one would expect. When we asked to move to another table, she said she was saving them (there were about 5 better ones available) for parties with reservations. Well, after we sat at the bar, we watched those table sit empty until we were paying our bill. Quite frustrating. But otherwise we had a good experience.
5	This place was amazing. I'm not trying to be snobby, but I'm a little spoiled by the restaurant scene in Chicago and didn't expect that much our of Madison.  I was wrong.  This place supports local state farmers and even shows you, on its menu, who and where they are.Four out of the five people, including me, ordered the pork pappardelle.  I wanted to lick the plate. It was probably the best pasta dish I've had all year!  The other person got the muscles and told us the next day that he could have drank the sauce they came in it was so good.  We had a phenomenal server from California.  You could tell she loves her job, which made the experience that much better.  We were here for the ironman, so unfortunately we didn't get to try out any of thee cocktails, but there menu looked amazing.  They are definitely part of the craft cocktail movement.   Overall, I can't wait to get back here to eat, and drink, again
3	This review isn't for the restaurant per se but for the happy hour. The drink selection is very extension with a couple neat drinks.The brunch menu was quite underwhelming especially for the price. You can definitely get better for cheaper.
5	Best place to eat in Madison. Great drinks, food, and service. A must visit.
5	This place is awesome. Great food and really tasty, unique drinks. Try the Dangerous Summer. Also their cheese curds and chocolate plate are the best.
3	Every cocktail I've ordered from their menu has been amazing. When I tried to order a standard martini it tasted like pure vermouth. Food is good, but you can find better for less money around the square.
3	The quality of the food served is top notch, but the menu isn't entirely inspiring. While the drink menu is robust it seems overly complicated. The beer listing is on page 36.  I ordered the brat sliders. This said this was one of three burger/sandwich type options. The brat sliders came on little pretzel roles  (2 per order). You get a choice of sides - salad, fries, or soup. I had the salad - nicely dressed with a vinaigrette. The addition of mustard to the brat sliders jazzed up the taste profile.  The place is sort or dark and noisy. I'm not a spry barely consenting adult, but I'm not an old codger either and I found it very hard to read the menu. It was noisy enough that conversation was a bit challenging. I'll likely go back. Maybe explore the 40 page drink menu.
5	When the right bartenders are working, this is a dynamite bar. The drink menu is enormous and sure to please a wide palate of tastes. When coming on an off night, the drinks are just ok. I'll gladly risk coming on an off night in the hopes they are making drinks well that night.
4	Had a nice lunch here yesterday. Big first perk: we had a party of 7 and had a terrible time finding any place with less than a 40 minute wait (likely a side effect of a football Saturday) but we stumbled upon merchant and they seated us right away!Cool, seemingly well-crafted menu with tons of local foods! I had the fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious. Massive whiskey selection, and funny little spins on traditional brunch cocktails (they do tequila in the Bloody Mary, which also comes with a tiny bottle of high life). The waitress was nice. A little goofy, but attentive and nice.
5	As usual, the Merchant offers great cocktails - new fall drinks are also now out (a few of my favorites are their versions of a sidecar, blood and sand). We also go for the great food - the apple/squash ricotta board was amazing (a fall change from the radish board), I recommend this over the cheese boards. Handmade pasta is always a go to and leaves me happy!
4	Because we didn't have reservations the wait was quoted as an hour to hour and a half. Luckily there were 2 seats at the bar for the girls with the guys having just enough room to stand. They have an outstanding drink menu (I tried 3 - all good) and we had an order of fries at the bar.  Our table was ready in less than an hour and our waiter was very attentive. We enjoyed the cheese curds, the steak was great, the barley bowl and cheese board were OK. VERY DARK inside so be ready to use your phone light to read the menu.
4	Awesome cocktail menu, fantastic service, great environment, and the best fries I've had in a long time.
4	Arrived at Merchant on a week night for dinner and had no wait for a party of two.  We were seated promptly and given a bar menu that  contained over 30 pages (I kid you not!) of drinks and spirits.  There was so much to review, that I actually went up to the hostess stand to grab another drink menu so we could both review the drinks at the same time.  Drinks: There were so many options for craft cocktails it will make your head explode!  I really liked how the cocktail menu was broken into sections based on spirit type.  It made finding a drink for my self a lot easier.  I am a vodka girl through and through and was happy to order the "Regret".  The drink was excellent, even the ice cubes were beautiful and perfectly formed!  I did chuckle a few times seeing that you could order a "Pitcher of Regret". Food: We started with the ricotta cheese board, which was AMAZING.  I am still dreaming about it and might even try to recreate it at home!  The sweet/salty/savory flavors will appeal to anyone.  Any of the cheese boards will feed 1-4 people.  Between the two of us at the table, we couldn't even finish it.  For our main meals we got the barley bowl, the mussels and the house salad.  All of the food was steaming hot and excellent.  If I was with a large party I would just get drinks and all of the cheese boards to share!I really liked the space of Merchant, it was very casual and had a sexy vibe.  It is very dark and can get pretty loud as the night goes on.  I did see many people take out their phone to use the flashlight.  Space is very limited for seating so make sure you get a reservation on a busy night or arrive early.I also wanted to address some of the comments from fellow Yelpers about Merchant being snobby or pretentious.  I did NOT have that vibe at all when I came in.  Everyone from the hostess to the waitresses where nothing but nice.  They constantly came over to check in and also always had suggestions if you needed them for what to order.  I was very worried based on the previous reviews that our time at Merchant would not be great, but we had a wonderful time!
5	We went here for their Sunday brunch, yesterday, and it was great! The bartenders were fun, friendly and made us great drinks! Friendly staff, overall! Can't wait to go back for their Side Car cocktail!
3	We actually came to Merchant twice during our long weekend in Madison, but wish we had left it to one.We stopped in Saturday late afternoon for a drink and a snack.  Based on this brief visit alone, this review would have been 5 stars.  Easy to snag seats at the bar, beyond amazing bartenders who knew exactly what to recommend in terms of beer despite their obvious strong suit being cocktails (totally regret not getting one), and delish cheese curds.Our visit on Saturday was so great that we decided to come back for brunch on Sunday morning before leaving town.  Brunch was underwhelming.  Their menu is somewhat small, the food took FOREVER, and the end result was just okay.  My boyfriend wasn't thrilled with his tiny breakfast sandwich on a biscuit.  I thought my croissant sandwich was pretty good although I subbed bacon for the ham.  We got a side of fries since there is no potato option and those were pretty good (aioli was yummy).  Maybe we had too high expectations based on our brief visit the night before, but I don't think we'd return for brunch. I would come back for a cocktail and the cheese curds if I'm ever in the area again.
5	Cocktails are king at this establishment, but the food is worth noting as well. The Regret (Gin or Vodka, lime juice, and rosemary cocktail) has knocked me off my feet a number of times and has left me understanding how it got its name.  This doesn't stop me from continuously frequenting Merchant nor from ordering The Regret with each visit.  :)Although everyone should stop by Merchant simply to try the cocktails, the food is something that shouldn't go unnoticed! I have been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and have left more than satisfied each time.  The Eggs Benedict is top notch and so is my go-to breakfast dish: eggs, bacon, and a side of potatoes (if you think it's easy to perfect over medium eggs, you're sorely mistaken!) There's a reason this place labels themselves as "Madison's original craft cocktail bar," but that shouldn't be the only reason you stop in.
5	Amazing cocktails, apps and entrees!  Romantic, funky and rustic atmosphere.  A MUST in the Madison area.
5	Environment? Check. Slightly casual but cool, with a suave and dark-lighted atmosphere. Servers? Check. Kristin was hilarious, attentive, helpful, and I hope she's my server again. Food: Check, double check, triple check. The menu is so diverse, the drink menu is large... but I can't just describe the "food," so I'll describe every item I've had so you can have a better understanding of why I love it here.Drinks:+ Sharknado 2:This drink comes in an orca cup with a flower on top. If that alone doesn't convince you to get it, it's delicious, sweet, and spicy. And it comes in an orca cup, in case you forgot.+ For Pear's Sake:I got this drink because I love pears, sake, and ginger, and just the ingredients alone told me I was going to like this drink.Appetizers:+ Reminder: I CAN'T EAT CHEESE! So I have no say on the Cheese curds, so you can skip this part. However, both times I've gone, my friends have ordered the classic and buffalo. They seem to have enjoyed the classic more. I don't understand nor do I care, so I will not elaborate.+ Hand cut fries: I ordered this because, again, I can't eat cheese. It's delicious, but kind of forgettable. Probably my least favorite item I've tried, but that doesn't mean too much because I enjoy everything here.Entrees:+ Steamed MusselsGet the full order because you're going to have to share. This is probably my favorite dish here, and possibly my favorite dish in Madison. I love mussels, and this place is my go to for them. the broth is "creamy" without cream, the mussels are steamed to perfection and dressed with a mini tart "salad." And the bread.... Both times I've come here, I've had to order more of the bread because dipping the crustinis into the sauce is almost heaven if heaven existed in Madison. Overall, this dish? Yes.+ Pork ParpadelleCan't eat cheese, so I have no opinion. Friend ordered this twice, so that probably means it's pretty tasty.+ Tagliatelle:Friend ordered the Pork Paradelle on our first visit, ordered Tagliatelle the second visit. Claims the former is better. I have no opinion because there's cream in it.Desserts (Reminder, I love this place so I will eat everything here)+ Chocolate & Fruit Serves:The fruit in season currently is cherries and apples. I do not like apples in dessert (except for homemade apple pie), so I asked for a double serving of the cherries. Um... YUM! Our server gave us some sweetened cherries from the bar. I ate that stuff with a spoon. The only actual surprise was that the chocolate is hard and chopped from a block (not soft, not gooey, not melted). But no complaints here! The dark chocolate is slightly salted, and it added the perfect sweet punch.+ Red Beet and Dark Chocolate Ganache:Best dessert I've tried here. My friend ordered it, and I stole a few bites. Full of dairy, I'm sure, but worth the stomach pain after (and that means something)Overall, yum yum. I love this place. I'm looking forward to going back again and again, and I'll make sure to update this review with more items I have tried (and probably will enjoy).
5	We only came in for a couple of drinks during our Madison visit, but I keep thinking about this place weeks later! The decor is great, the servers are uber-hipsters, but not the stuck up uber-hipster kind...actually way friendly. The fact that it is a liquor store is great. The drink menu had long fun descriptions of all the drinks that made me think just how perfect this place would be if you were grabbing an afternoon drink alone. I wish I could have read the menu cover to cover! The drinks themselves were so delicious, with riffs on what you would expect and then some wild things thrown in there. I didn't have any food there, but will be the next time I come to Madison.
5	I give this place five stars for the drinks alone.  Food is great for American fare.  The Regret is a local favorite as a cocktail - mine is the Blood and Sand.
5	Amazing!!!! Will absolutely come back here!! One of the reasons I came to this spot is because of a yelp review saying they had a good gin fizz! They were right one of the beat I ever had. The charcuterie platters were amazing and so was their pasta dishes. Highly recommended. Gets crowded I recommend reservations
4	This was the first place I wanted to dine when we got to Madison, and it was GREAT!  It's loud and a little hipster-ish (we were seated inches away from a blonde waif who continually pulled on her e-cigarette), but worth it.  Cocktails of all makes and models (I went with the French 75), great stories and names.  Cheese curds were tasty and not greasy, something I find they are too often.  I had the duck breast and it was perfect.  My friend thought her pasta was just okay (she'd dined here multiple times and found this disappointing compared to her previous entrees).  Check it out.
5	Something you don't experience at most bars. Ordered well drinks a few times and then asked for a Long Island. Well drinks were 4 dollars . When I asked for 3 Long Islands the bartender said verbatim "I've got to warn you before I pour them we don't have bottom shelf and they are 14 each". Instead of paying 42 dollars for a round of drinks at 2 am which we probably didn't need I paid 12 for the same delicious drinks we had all night. Tom, the gentleman pouring drinks, could have easily made 3 times as much but was super nice about it. First yelp review because this was such a nice, refreshing experience.
2	Ambience was awesome but service was so terrible we didn't even get a chance to try anything except for our first round of drinks..
4	My gf surprised me with a 15 person reservation @ Merchant for my birthday.  I was worried they wouldn't be able to accommodate us. I was wrong.  They did an awesome job.  I couldn't believe how fast the food came out!  Everyone love their food.  I had the scallops which were damn tasty.  They were expensive though... 3 scallops for $27.  I do wish they had a more expansive menu.  They have a novel as a drinks menu and just a 1 sided sheet of paper for food.
3	This place really gets me, but they miss the mark on so many basic things too.Let's start with the good: really really delicious food and creative, fun drinks. Their menu also has a vegetarian option and their lunch includes deli sandwiches. They also have a brunch which I haven't made it to because it's only Farmers Market Saturdays. I tried looking up the brunch hours on their website, but it was quite confusing since different pages had different days/hours on them. I've had dinner here twice and lunch once, trying the Tagliatelle pasta for dinner and a portabello mushroom deli sandwich for lunch. Both were quite good.According to their website, they are no longer open for lunch (they open at 3pm for happy hour).Most recently, I've frequented Merchant for their weekend nights, when they always have a DJ. Sometimes the place is packed and it takes 20+ minutes to get a drink (drinks take a little longer to make when you shake and stir EVERYTHING...). Other times the DJ is soso and Merchant's true "attitude" comes out.Recently, I was there on a night DJ Nick Nice was playing. He played some pretty awful music and refused any requests. I thought he might mix it up since nobody was dancing, but no luck there. I'm deducting one star for the DJs alone: it's not hard to find a DJ that plays a variety of music that everyone likes.Their prices on food and drinks also seem to be a few dollars high than all the other comparable bars/restaurants in Madison. I guess you're paying for the fancy wallpaper?Try it if you're new to town, but go early in the evening and get their Moscow Mule. One of the best in Madison!
4	Looking for the fanciest most mixologist made drink in Madison? Then the Merchant is your spot.  It is really fun to watch them concoct these drinks with all the crazy ingredients (fruits, herbs, tinctures) floating about. The menu, however, is an eye-sore.  It is pert near impossible to read and way to hipster in its description.  I really wish they would change it.For dinner we were in a large party and between the group had just about everything.  The cheese board it what stands out in my mind.  I don't want to complain about the food to much because we were a large group but the medium-rare burger came out well done and my buddy said his steak wasn't cooked right either.I have been here for some wonderful music and I will be again some day.
4	Very cool place with a laid back vibe. We came around 7:30 pm on a Tuesday for dinner service and were seated at the bar since there were no tables available. It worked out great, since it allowed us to strike up a conversation with the bartender. Dude was real cool, very friendly and willing to describe the cocktails and make suggestions to us, though I regretfully didn't catch his name.I ordered the "Sage Advice from Nicaragua" - an herbaceous take on my go-to whiskey sour. It was excellent; the sage flavor was very subtle, just enough to set it apart from other sours I've had. My boyfriend ordered the "Sweater Weather", a tequila-based cinnamon-scented cocktail served warm, which he said he enjoyed. I considered ordering a second cocktail, but I was already (shamefully) feeling the effects of the first one.For dinner, I had the Merchant burger and my boyfriend had the mussels. The burger was a good, solid burger: buns were soft and buttery, patty cooked medium like I requested, but I wasn't wowed by it. The fries were legit, though - super crispy and perfectly salted, my BF and I demolished them. He really liked his mussels and I have to agree, the broth was superb. Highly recommend getting the large order, a mere $4 more than the "small", so that you can share!Merchant is a lovely restaurant with a casual atmosphere despite the upscale decor. The host was friendly, the bartender even more so, and the drinks were on point. Guaranteed to be a wonderful evening if you're in the downtown area.
