5	Had Paul as my barber, this guy was great. The barber shop is not complicated its straight to the point Barber chairs, TV's, Magazines. The price of a hair cut is $13, cheaper than super-cuts, and sport clips. The quality of this haircut was amazing. Straight edge razor to square up my neck, towel on the face, and shoulder massage. I would suggest this to any guy. I highly support local businesses and this is one that I will definitely be coming back to this place.
5	Got my first cut there a couple months ago and I was instantly hooked. Maybe it was the hot towel treatment or the feel of the rich lather on my neck. Whatever it was, I just had my third cut and I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	My first time at A&B was great. I have been shopping at the near by Trader Joes for years and live up the road but had never come in for a haircut. I was greeted right away by and given a seat. The facility was clean and all the staff friendly, possibly family owned?All the services you expect from a good barber shop , clean facility, strait edge shave, towels. friendly environmental. More importantly the barbers understood a good haircut and all the customers including myself left happy. Will definitely return.
5	This place is simply excellent. I came in looking for a new place where my hair could call home as I was tired of great clips. The staff are professional, courteous, and is family run. I love supporting family businesses more so than franchised because they deliver the quality haircut paid for. My first visit made me realize how little I knew about how barbers operate. The chairs are supremely comfy and accommodating, they perform single-razor shaves to sideburns and backburns, the ending - my favorite - a nice warm damp cloth across your face to wipe up any remaining hair.  My hair was taken care of. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a barber.
5	First time here. I recommend and I'm pretty picky about my haircuts.
4	This place is great! I was told about A&B by my cousin and was pleasantly surprised! Very well kept place, great service, but the kicker is the straight razor! If you live in the area this is the place to go!
5	Fantastic! After my last barber disappeared I needed to find a replacement and once again Yelp came through in the clutch. These guys are the real deal and the haircuts are truly affordable. If you really want a great cut ask for Paul.
5	These guys know how to cut hair, the shop is really nice, the prices are more than fair and the service is awesome. Straight edge for a shave, hot towel after the cut... I can't imagine anyone going to a "chain" shop to get a haircut when these prices are the same or better and the experience and quality is FAR superior. Best barbershop I've ever been to.
5	A & B, top notch barbers in the valley. East Coast style. They know what they are doing. First class. My son and I come here regularly. Classic cut Pauly, to my main man Stan.Joe and Dylan
3	I decided to treat myself to a shave the other day, came here based on other Yelpers comments.  Great atmosphere and service!  My only complaint was that my shave was just OK.  Now, I did request a standard shave as well as a head shave, but walked out needing to finish the save on my head, as it was somewhat incomplete.  I definately would go back for a facial shave again though!
5	The Barber shop with the classic feel. Old school, clean place and friendly staff. I went there for the first time and Stan did my haircut. He understood exactly what I wanted and did much better than expected- a 5 star haircut!
5	I've been going to Super-Cuts and Great Clips pretty much my whole life, and the experiences have been more or less variable. I wanted to find a place that had people that actually took time and some sort of passion in working with their customers instead of attempting to empty the chair in less than 10 minutes (like most chain places). I must say this place has won me over. Every piece of equipment that is used is top notch and done with precision and care. If you're looking for a place for quality cuts, check this place out! Ask for E-Z
5	What an amazing experience! I've taken my son, not quite 2, to a few different places including specialty kids shops where the haircuts cost me almost $20. When he needed his hair cut again I decided to take him to a men's barbershop and this place is right by my work. Best. Decision. Ever. The fellow who cut his hair treated him like a man not a little boy. There were no special toys or fancy distracting. He used the clippers and just a comb to get my son to look where he needed him to look. It was amazing! The best haircut my son has ever had. I highly recommend this place! I'm just bummed I discovered it right before we are getting ready to move.
5	I have been getting hair cut at A&B since it opened over 4 years ago. I wouldn't go anywhere else. The shop is spacious and clean! Pauly and 1st chair Stan, always to a great job.
1	An award winner!  Second Place for worst haircut in my lifetime!  First Place went to my father who cut my hair with a bowl on my head.  I asked that my hair be cut to leave it full both around the sides and on top.  The result was short on the sides with the left side being significantly shorter than the left.  The top was cut somewhat longer, but doesn't blend well with the sides.  Even the 30 second haircut I got in the Marine Corps was better than this cut.  At least the Marine barber cut it evenly all around.  The barber took two phone calls on his cell phone while cutting my hair.  He was minimally courteous.  The price on their website is $13, but when I asked how much the haircut was I was told $15.  Not a very professional shop.  I wonder if all the great reviews were written by friends and relatives.
5	Been coming here for the past two year since I moved from the east coast.  I was glad I found a great replacement barber the FIRST time and right by my house.  These guys are always great, know what I want when I come it and never had a problem ever.
5	Great barber shop. Clean, friendly, and skilled. Just wish they were open Saturdays and closed a diff day of the week. Stop in and give these guys a try. You won't regret it.
5	It's almost as if every time I get my haircut here it turns out to be the best haircut of my life. No joke, this place is leaps and bounds above any other place I've been to get a haircut. Phenomenal job guys. Keep up the great work!
5	Been coming here for a little less then a year now after my barber moved. Been seeing Izzy every two weeks for a fresh hair cut. izzy is one of the most talented barbers  I have ever come across. I highly recommend this place.
5	Izzy just killed the barber game. 25 years and I've never had a cut this good. If I get rich I'm going to invest in him to have his own shop in Seattle.
2	Got a great shave here.  However, the barber got a bunch of shaving cream on the back of my shirt and did not tell me.  I was alerted by a stranger who thought I was pooped on by a bird.  Should have addressed this when it happened instead of attempting to hide the mistake from me.  Not very professional.
5	I like this place.  Nice neighborhood barber shop.  Came here on a Sunday as it was packed.  Guess it's because it's the only day they're open on a weekend.  Long line but did not have to wait too long as they had many barbers working.  My #2 on the sides and back and scissor cut on top looked great.
5	Best Haircut!!! Izzy is the man. Great ambiance. Coming from NY this is the type of old school barber shop every man should go to..
5	I've been getting my hair cut at A&B for over a year now and even though I've recently moved, it's well worth the drive to get it done right every time.  One time, I was on a lunch break and needed a quick haircut, so I dropped in and Stan got me in and out in less than 30 minutes without compromising quality.  These guys are pros who come from a long line of family barbers.  I highly recommend this barber shop.
5	Spoke with the owner and he offered to make it right.  The shirt washed clean so its all good.  As I said before, great place to get a shave.
5	I'm originally from Ny and it has taken me forever to find a quality barber shop. Most shops out here don't know how to do line ups and beard trims. Through yelp I found this place and I had to give it a try. This place has exceeded all expectations and is a replica of the quality New York barber shops. I was extremely impressed with the level of expertise.The barbers know how to all the latest cuts and trims, the place is very clean, and on top of that they also do eye brow waxing. I can't begin to tell you how efficient it is to stop at one place and get everything thing done. If you want the best haircuts and beard trims in town definitely check this place out. If you got some special function to be at and you want to look your best, ask for Izzy or Stan. They will make you look fresh.
5	These guys are badass.... I always leave looking fresh and clean... i also never wait very long...
5	These guys are awesome! Izzy is the man. I have been looking for a New York cut for a long time and found this place. The shop is clean, chairs are comfortable, and multiple TVs. I will never go to a different barber!
5	I've moved around quite a bit.  Finding the right barber by your home is very important.  I am so happy for this place.  Family owned and operated.. Quality of products and cleanliness are above average.  They do an amazing job on me and my sons head.  Even if they doubled their prices and I moved 30 miles away, I'd still come here.  They are the best in the state.
3	Not a bad haircut, but brought the neckline up too high and trimmed some edges in a strange way.  Not the best haircut I've gotten, but not terrible either.
5	I have been to 8 barbershops since moving to AZ 6 years ago.  I was so desperate I went to a Barber/Tattoo Shop trying to find a good barber.  Then I came upon A & B Barbershop and Stan 3 years ago.  What an amazing barbershop.  Stan is the best at what he does.  His hair cut and shave are second to none.  In fact, just got home tonight from a cut and shave and he did not disappoint. The best review comes from my wife who always loves the look I have after going to A & B Barbershop.  Great barbershop in town.
4	One of my favourite barber shops. Been a customer for few years, priced ok compared to others, you get good service and always happy with their work
5	There was an older gentleman I saw here a while back but haven't since. All of the other guys do a great job and are very accommodating. My wife is always happy with my cut from here. Also a really good price for a barber. I've tried others in the area, and they don't come close!
5	This place always delivers a great cut!! I've been coming to this place since it opened & even though the Uncle isn't here any more I've never been disappointed. The straight razor is a bonus!  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I desperately needed a haircut and didn't want to travel too far. Thanks to Yelp, I found Rafael at A & B Barbershop who did an amazing job on my hair.What really brought me into the door was the $15 price that included a straight razor shave. On the east coast a similar haircut would cost well over $20 and then you'd have to include tips and stuff. I asked for a fade on the side with a #1 and a combover on the top with a hot shave on the sides. Rafael was pretty detailed with everything and communicated throughout the haircut making sure everything was done to my exact tastes. One of the best parts was being able to leave and go home without having to toss my shirt in the laundry because there is hair all over. Let's face it, we all know that this can happen sometimes, at best its super annoying, and at worse it makes you feel like crap after your haircut. I can't recommend these guys enough. Everyone else that was getting their haircut was also extremely pleased.I usually dislike getting my haircut mostly because I don't want to pay $25-30 (on the east coast), and as a result I only go once every 6-7 weeks when I should be going every 4-5 weeks. The prices and service here make it so that I should be coming as often as possible.
5	These guys know what there doing.   Never rush no matter how busy they are.  Have not been any where else since.  I bring my son with me as we'll.  Had three nephews in town and brought all three here for a haircut.  Great Job Guys.  Keep up the good work.
5	Best haircut I have had since moving to Tempe 8 months ago. Clean shop. Reasonable prices.
5	I'm a regular at this place. The guys always greet you with a warm welcome. They have all done an excellent job with their cuts. Reasonably priced. Great hair products as well. If you want a good place to go, look no further.
5	I'm temporarily living in AZ, and needed a barber for the 2 months I'm here - Izzy is the best barber I've had in long time. Will definitely be coming back for my next cut.
5	I have had my hair cut there 3 times so far and every time has been a great experience.  Classic barber shop, straight razor neck shave.  Worth the wait on a busy day.
5	This is hands down the best barbershop in the Phoenix area.  I've been going to this shop for a year and they consistently do an excellent job. I highly recommend this barbershop.
5	First time customer and really liked my haircut. It was fairly busy and I think they could use a waiting list rather then the remember who came in next system as it seemed to cause some confusion.
2	Friendly but just can't seem to get my hair right.... After several times trying to tell them how I wanted it... Seems like it's just cut how they want... Oh well I give up! Luckily hair grows :) best of luck to you all
5	Was looking to cut off the mop I had going and saw the reviews on this place. Walked in and they fixed me up right with the freshest cut I've ever had! Thank you! I'll definitely be back!
