4	Felt compelled to review this market since it's not in a easy-to-find location but has a really good selection of Balkan foods. This is pretty much the only place in Charlotte to find Balkan delicacies like Cevacici (the little skinless sausages that are grilled and delicious!), Ajvar (red pepper spread) and Kajmak (the Serbian super-rich cream cheese). In addition, Bosna market has a great selection of sweets, various types of filo dough, authentic bulgarian and greek feta,  and also a GREAT selection of various smoked meats. For those that don't know, the Serbian culture in particular has a rich tradition in smoked deli meats, in particular pork loin. This place has a great selection of these smoked meats, all imported from Chicago, Cleveland and Pittsburgh. Owner is very nice and willing to explain what the various foods are. Definitely worth checking out.
4	As far as I know this is the only place to get cevapi and the delicious flat bread necessary to make the most delicious sandwiches I've ever tasted. Also, they are apparently opening a Bosnian restaurant soon, which should be really tasty.
5	Cool, small Market with adjoining cool small Cafe! Boxed Teas in flavors like Cardamom Package Soups : common and then Podravka Vegetable and Dumpling Balkin in the Freezer, Rice in Huge Bags.. I think that was Rice!Chocolate from Romania! Bananko = flying Chimp fuel!  Dude this IS what you've been looking fir!  Dude I'll take  a case!The Owner is very friendly and helpful!
5	What I love about this grocery store is that it's not just a store, you can actually get a pretty good meal and enjoy it on the outside patio. There aren't many small stores where you can shop and eat! The owner is Dino and is so friendly! The store is small but it does have a wide variety of Eastern European treats from candy to meat. They get shipments in from Atlanta weekly so even if they don't have something one day you won't have to wait long to get it. It's located on Central Avenue which is one of the coolest streets in Charlotte, albeit a little further north (or is it east?) on Central than you may be expecting.
