5	My favorite store in the Fashion Show mall. http://www.talulahg.com/
5	In making Las Vegas a shopping destination, Talulah G would be like the SoHo of shopping. Always carrying Chloe, Juicy, and various jeans and fun young brands. The shop is bright and the sales people are far less snooty then if you go to Neiman Marcus which is always horrific. The accessories in this place are always to die for and they are always getting new things in so shop often!!
4	Love their selection of dresses--they have a great variety ranging from club to elegant and classy. They have several one-of-a-kind and designer dresses that are pretty pricey, but are extremely beautiful.Talulah Boutique topped off my whole Vegas shopping experience! I probably wouldn't have gone in there if it wasn't so conveniently located inside Fashion show mall, and if my boyfriend hadn't seen this dress he knew I'd love in the window. I must have tried on 5 or 6 dresses, most of them $250+. Indecisiveness is one of my weaknesses btw... And after a long deliberation, I settled on 2 lovely and very different dresses. My bf wanted to throw in a nice shirt for me too! But I didn't want him to pay another hundred-something on a tshirt. It was really nice and just my style...but not $150-worthy. Anyway, Talulah is great and I can't wait to shop there again! Just remember to bring (or win) lots of money to Vegas if you want to shop at Talulah--it's not cheap!
5	I absolutely loved the dresses in this boutique, and so much to look at and to dazzle your fancyIt's pretty pricey and it kinda seemed like if you are above a size 4; you aren't going to find much here that will fit (unless its the stretchy dresses and that didn't work for me either). I do think I will try to hit this place a few more times to see if the size allotment changes any.This is definitely the store for those that love the designer things in life.
5	great high end men and womens clothing. I found a lot of great clothing there. they just opened up another location at The Forum Shops next to Pucci. Salespeople were nice,friendly and helpful.
1	Went to the one in Ceasars forum shops, great service when your in the store but it ends the second you walk out the door. Bought a pair of Frankie B jeans and when i was packing to leave Vegas the next day found the security tag was still on them (which shocked me as i walked out the store and in 3 other stores without any alarms going off) tried to call the store and left multiple messages since no one seems to answer the phone EVER there. Didnt get a call back until 2 days later after i was already back in Chicago. I didnt even get an apology, was just oh well find someone to take it off, found a store here that would take it off and discovered the nasty hole left in the jeans... mind you these are 165 dollar jeans that now have a hole in them. Will never shop there again!
1	My first review was filtered and will continue to post my review until it is not!! This place is HORRIBLE. Here is my original review!Went to the one in Ceasars forum shops, great service when your in the store but it ends the second you walk out the door. Bought a pair of Frankie B jeans and when i was packing to leave Vegas the next day found the security tag was still on them (which shocked me as i walked out the store and in 3 other stores without any alarms going off) tried to call the store and left multiple messages since no one seems to answer the phone EVER there. Didnt get a call back until 2 days later after i was already back in Chicago. I didnt even get an apology, was just oh well find someone to take it off, found a store here that would take it off and discovered the nasty hole left in the jeans... mind you these are 165 dollar jeans that now have a hole in them. Will never shop there again!
1	My first review was filtered and will continue to post my review until it is not!! This place is HORRIBLE. Here is my original review!Went to the one in Ceasars forum shops, great service when your in the store but it ends the second you walk out the door. Bought a pair of Frankie B jeans and when i was packing to leave Vegas the next day found the security tag was still on them (which shocked me as i walked out the store and in 3 other stores without any alarms going off) tried to call the store and left multiple messages since no one seems to answer the phone EVER there. Didnt get a call back until 2 days later after i was already back in Chicago. I didnt even get an apology, was just oh well find someone to take it off, found a store here that would take it off and discovered the nasty hole left in the jeans... mind you these are 165 dollar jeans that now have a hole in them. Will never shop there again!
1	Will never ever shop here AGAIN!! They have the wrost customer service and after i found my brand new expensive jeans had a hole in them they pretty much said TOO BAD no refunds!! WHAT kind of buisness runs like that!! I even complain to Ceasars management because i was so dissappointed! Their buisness is all tourists so i guess thats why they think they can screw us over! Go somewhere else ppl, u get WAAYYY better service anywhere else!
1	For some of us who saw Pretty woman, one of the most memorable scene is when she went shopping and the horrible clerks she encounter. Well i can tell you they are all at this place. The attitude and arrogance is unbelievable from a group of 20 something kids who could never afford any items in this store. They have the nerve to treat clients like they are beneath them, whom i would say makes more in a month than most of them do in a year. Then again, that is why they have that sour face and complain about their business. I spend a considerable amount there and after tolerating their laughable attitude, i must say i will buy my clothes elswhere, anywhere but here . Not like they are the only place with clothes, trust me, it is a lot easier to find clothes than to find cash paying willing to spend buyers!! That you can bet on it , even in VEGAS!!
