2	Went here late the other night to get a bite to eat...I thought this place was open 24hours...I was wrong, got kicked out at 3am...not quite kicked out but the manager kept hinting that we would have to go soon.Would not suggest eating here...the service was OK, except the waitress got my order wrong. In general the restaurant was clean.I got the turkey club sandwich...it was quite stale, and did not taste very good, the seasoned fries were OK my date for the evening got a salad...what else is new right...anyhow she ate it all so it must have been OK.I have experienced better not very impressed with this location.
1	My friend and I came in some weeks ago, about end of August after attending a funeral service on that side of town.  The service was overall bad, and the waiter argued with us about the amount of cheese that was on the order from my friend.  So we flagged down the manager to complain.  The result was that he explained that the district manager was there and the ice machine was done.I was like thinking, my friend works in the medical field and has to keep a good customer service attitude when people are throwing up on him, so that explanation didn't seem adequate to me, but oh well, they were going to comp us one slice of pie in addition to the two free slices we ordered from their promotion.When we checked out, it took 1/2 hour to pay the bill, in addition, NO Pieces of Pie were comped out. Explanation -- the types of pie we chose were not in the free offer, although we had asked the server about the time limit on the free pie, I guess he would not let us in on the secret that the TYPES we chose were not free, and now, in addition to NOT getting comped as a nicety for the arguing, we weren't even given ANY free pie at all.  They gave us ONE free $2 iced tea.  And TOOK an extraordinary long time to do this.  We stood outside in the heat and talked after because the atmosphere of bad service inside was so bad, lol.Overall, I would avoid this location.  There are plenty of other restaurant choices nearby when I am on this side of town.
5	My husband & I have been coming to this Village Inn since 2008. We really enjoyed it. The food there is excellent (I normally eat their breakfast meals) and the service is good. I love the new look they have now. They remodelled the inside of the restaurant since last year. It looks fantastic. I love the new colors too. Great place.
4	The food is a bit better than Dennys and the pie selection is nice. They are always cool with my kiddo; he's delayed and sometimes can be a bit much to handle. But the inside is nice, seems newly decorated. I've been about five times and will surely go back. The chocolate silk pie is really really yummy.
1	We are used to snappy service and a clean restaurant at VI. This VI had neither.  4:30  on a Sunday afternoon shouldn't be too busy and in fact there were maybe 3 parties in the whole restaurant but getting waited on was a challenge.  Forget refills on drinks!  And I actually had to walk into the kitchen to tell the staff that we were ready to order pie ( which I'd already alerted our waiter that we wanted).  Finally got waited on by another server who was taking over for our waiter who was on break   We got our desserts and our bill which included about 3 items we hadn't ordered.  We brought that to the attention of our waiter who was back from break and acted like he had caught it and had corrected it. NOT.  We had to wait  for a new bill.   That's just my commentary on the service.  I won't bore you with the cleanliness issues.  The staff and apparently the management aren't interested in making money.  We won't be back.
5	This location's staff demonstrates exceptional customer service.  The hostess was friendly and apologized she did not have a booth available for our request.  We assured her a table would be fine and was greeted by another friendly and very helpful waitress explaining their VIP all-day breakfast Special.  The manager put the icing on the service when he personally wrote a $5 value for us on his business card when he was out of the original $5 gift card when a $25 gift card is purchased.  We will return again and again to enjoy good food with great service .
4	Service was good even though we were in prime time. Good food as well. I went with the standard eggs, bacon, pancakes combination and everything came out in a timely manner at a proper temp. The atmosphere was standard issue for Village Inn, which to say is casual. Even though it was a weekend we still did not have to wait for a table and our waitress was pleasent and well spoken.
3	We have been thinking about breakfast and decide village inn.Was on Sunday and busy morning,wait was 20 mins.There was party of four. We order our breakfast and did not take that long.Food was good,just relax morning to go out and not have to cook this meal.Pancake was good. Drinks good. Waiter was good. Food taste good.Three stars,I was looking at some tables that have not been clean up while people are waiting for tables. Get busy clean up busboy. Timed it and took ten mins to get tables done. That is managers job to bark.I would come back again in near future.
5	Went here for a late breakfast around 11:30/12ish and it was surprisingly busy. I was with other people and we had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table but it thankfully went by fast. The menu is huge and the prices are good, especially for this place. The inside was actually nice and the place was very easy to find and also there is tons of parking. We didn't have to wait too long for the food which was nice since we ordered all different things. I got an omelet and it was actually really good.
3	The potato breakfast crepe was....spongey.  I don't know if it is suppose to be or not but it wasn't very good.  The hashbrowns were slightly cooked on top, but the middle was raw.  The other plate we had was awesome! The straw banana french toast!!  Super good!!  Coffee was weak. Service was good, The reason for 3 stars and not 2.  She said she would get us a to go box for our uneaten plate when I told her I didn't like it (we ate one bite)she came back with a different bill that had the item removed.  That was very nice of her.
5	I adore the staff.  RudiAnn is a fabulous server.  I never have to ask for anything- she is always at the top of her game.Meghan is great, too.  I always get prompt service. The food is good and the restaurant is family friendly.
4	Their breakfast sandwich is the bomb!!!! Super fresh, the softness of the thick toast with eggs, Bacon n cheese just made it so perfect! Their pies are off the chain!!!  Will def go back if it's in twon again.
