5	I brought in a rim mounted with an old tire and a new tire I had bought online. Ten minutes and twenty bucks later, I was on my way.These guys are sharp, quick, inexpensive and courteous. Finding this combination in the powersports industry is so rare that most consider it impossible.They also sell tires and will do a full tire change without your needing to remove the wheels--at an extra charge. This is one of the few shops I would trust to do that for me.
5	These guys rock. I ride a Scooter and it is almost impossible to get anyone with experience to change the tires, but after calling Danny he quoted out a fair price for new tires and told me to swing by when I had time.Like other reviews say the shop is smaller, but I always found these type of shops have the best service and expertise because the owners are typically the ones working on your rig. Scooters are notoriously difficult at times because I believe some of the manufacturing is a bit ,lets say, lower quality then on a 12k bike, and Danny did run into some trouble with the muffler. He is a trooper and got everything lined up, attached, balanced and changed. These guys are real pro's and I would absolutely recommend them to anyone with a bike and will be back with other rides when tires are needed.
5	Great place, very competent staff, and fast service.I needed new tires for my Triumph Street Triple so got a hold of Danny on several positive recommendations from other riders I trust. He suggested some tires for me based on my stated needs and told me to come down any time.When I showed up, he was finishing with some other customers. I only had to wait a few minutes and Danny was working on my bike. It didn't take long at all. He finished the job, took the bike for a spin around the parking lot to test the installation, and then we settled up.Very happy with the price, friendliness, and speed of service.
5	Excellent motorcycle tire shop, great service.
5	See Danny at Mototire for your motorcycle tires. He put new tires on my '97 Road King and when he encountered problems with the front wheel locking up, he took the time to troubleshoot the problem. I ended up needing new brake pads, which he installed for me. I just walked across the street to RamJet's and bought them. Danny spent an extra 2 hours trying to figure out the issues with my bike, and did NOT charge me that time in labor. Customer service is what its all about at Mototire. In this day and age, we are becoming more accustomed to being treated disrespectfully and charged ridiculous prices for everything. If you want honest prices, excellent work, and stellar service go see Danny at Mototire! I won't bring my bike anywhere else for tires!
5	I went to Mototire and I was very impressed! They asked what I wanted and jumped on my bike in an instant. The product, the price and the service was great. I am very happy my friend told me about this shop. I was out of there in about 30 minutes, couldn't of been better.
3	A good tire shop that usually has what you need.  And you can trust the work will be done right.
5	Ordered the tire yesterday, which no one seemed to have and Danny called this morning that he had it in. I stopped by with the wheel and he had it mounted and balanced before I had paid for it. Very fast and friendly service. I recommend them whole heartedly. Fast, friendly and fair prices. Definitely worth it.
5	Friendly guys with great prices!  We do our own service and they have no problem selling us what we need to get the job done...and still check the air for you if you roll in unannounced.
5	I signed up at yelp just to post a review of this motorcycle tire shop. Yes, just motorcycle tires. And he is good at it! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! Great Prices!!!  -- Although I was ready to spend $$$, he was honest enough to tell the truth and saved me $$! The original price I was quoted was great! But then when he told me the problem was going to be less costly, WOW!FAST - the phone would not stop ringing. The power company shut off the power for repair. When I showed up. He got right to my bike. And while juggling the cordless phone, talking to APS, answering ALL my questions. He got the job done FAST!!!!!!HONEST!!!  --  I rolled up with a flat rear tire ready to spend around $300. He tells me that the front tire looks low too. I think to myself, "typical up-sell". I wait for the, "you might need 2 tires." Never came. Not only did he NOT try and sell me a front tire that I DIDN'T need (just needed some air - which he filled), but he also found out that it was only the stem of the rear tire. Didn't even need a rear tire. By being HONEST, he saved me over $200. I was more than willing and ready to pay what ever he said was needed. I told him that too. He said, all you need is air in the front tire, already did that. And the rear tire just needed a stem. Of course I tipped him more than what he was asking for!Customer Service  -- Answered all my questions  -- NO  BS!  --  Straight answers! Not a "Mr. Know it all"! If he doesn't know the answers, he will tell you. Great Customer Service!!!AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!
5	AWESOME!  Love these guys! Fast, friendly, professional and don't gouge you!Had a couple of tires repaired on my motorcycle in the past 8 months and they performed beautifully.  I highly recommend them. Ask for Danny or Eric.
5	Listen up riders of any toys! Regardless of where you live (I live 23 miles from this place and worth every mile), or what toy you have (I have a maxi-scooter), you can stop looking and head to this little gem of a shop for ANY tire need. I wasted two days calling and checking every place in town for a place that I could afford to fix my back tire on my maxi-scooter. Every other place wanted $$ just to diagnose, and most of them tried to convince me (over the phone) that I needed a new tire (it has only 1500 miles on it).Danny, the owner here at Mototire, checked out both of my tires and gave me the full low down. I opted for the $10 plug option and I was soon out the door and lovin' the ride home. The only bad part...I didn't have more cash on me to slip him for the bang up job he did, and the peace of mind I felt afterward.I am now a customer for life. You will be too. Grab a few cards on your way out, and tell every joy-rider you know too. I will be doing that, for sure. And, I will be posting this review on Nextdoor.com, to let hundreds of my neighbors in on this place too. Yeah, yeah, no need to thank me...save your thanks for Danny.
5	Needed a rear tire for my CBR250R after it ate a screw. I called and was offered a competitive quote compared to other shops in the area. When I arrived, I was promptly served and after an initial inspection of my tire was given the option to repair though Danny, the service tech, did not recommend the repair and for my own safety, I was set on replacing. I just thought it was cool that he gave me all my options without even asking for them.Danny was extremely fast during the repair process, while also being friendly and answering questions. You could tell he also had a strong attention to detail, especially when doing the balancing. Finally, he also helped with loading an unloading from the pickup truck.TL;DR fast, honest, above-and-beyond service.
5	Fast service and friendly.  Prices are very good.  Will be returning to get my back tire soon.
5	I got my back tired replaced at this location and they were really good at doing it.  They installed a Pirelli which makes me feel a lot safer.  The best part was the honesty: I had given Danny an extra $10 dlls in the cash I handed him and he promptly counted the money and returned to me the extra amount.  I would highly recommend this place.  Once again, I drove from East Mesa (Approx 27 miles).
5	Mototire has replaced my rear tire twice on my '06 Ultra.  He does a nice job and he gives a Veteran Discount.  Thanks for your service Danny!!
5	I made the first appointment of the day (8:00am) with Danny for my Vulcan 900. I arrived early expecting to wait for the shop to open.  Not only was he already there, Danny was busily helping another customer who needed a tube change.  He asked me if that was okay and of course I was fine with that because I was early. He advised that guy that he needed new brake pads, quoted a good rate, and completed the tube change efficiently.He rolled my bike in to change the rear tire at 7:58 ( two minutes early) and rolled it out at 8:13. Not only did he change the tire in 15 minutes,  he was friendly - greeting other customers by name and getting his partner started on other tasks.On a prior visit to Mototire,  Danny changed a tire for me that I did not even buy from him. It was new and had developed a bubble.  He warrantied the tire anyway and only charged labor.  I would not willingly go anywhere else to have my shoes replaced. I wish every business were exactly like his. Friendly, honest, efficient,  and professional! Best prices too!
5	Great tire shop and super fast service.  Went on a Saturday for mounting and balancing. No wait as the owner and co worker each grabbed a tire and we were done in 15 minutes. All the top brands are sold and serviced. Closed Sunday and Monday.
