4	Stayed here for a fun long weekend of golf, baseball, and Final Four March Madness. We over spent, the location is good, the staff was very good to us, but they were not worth over $200 a night.They have a VERY small ugly pool behind the place...it has one table and a couple of chairs...that's pretty weak in my opinion.Rooms are good, microwave, fridge, sink for bar, pretty good set up for us....YMMV
4	Conveniently located next to Arrowhead Enterntainment District , great hotel employees, comfy beds, continental breakfast and right next to the mall!! Seriously, amazing. Only thing that sucked was the pool (if you want to call it that). I wish I took pictures of it. It was a hole in the ground and a couple chairs. And when we went (around Spring Training time) there was about 10 boys being soooo obnoxious jumping and doing cannonballs in the pool. Time to leave!! But, other than that, I loved this hotel. Yes, it's a little pricey, but can't beat the location!!
5	I had a pretty good experience here last week (I was in Phoenix for 7 days). The staff was friendly and the room was clean and spacious enough for me. I asked for an early check in, and they were very accommodating. They also happily fulfilled my requests for extra pillows and towels (I prefer no to receive housekeeping service every day) There's a nice sized mini fridge in the room, which is a nice convenience. I never got to the pool, so can't rate it for you.
3	This is a pretty standard SpringHill Suites by Marriott. However, it is one of the earlier versions of the hotel. The rooms are near as well laid out as the newer versions of the SpringHill Suites. I stayed here in the middle of their remodeling program which looks like it is pretty much a room update. I couldn't tell yet what they were going to do with the lobby. The room remodels were ok in that all of the materials were new...but they are stuck with a layout that includes a toilet that is right next to the tub/shower combo. There closet isn't even a closet but a hanging area. Probably the worse part of the layout is that the desk is around a corner and you can't sit at the desk and watch anything on TV. These rooms are probably great for vacations...but not what I am looking for on a business trip.
5	I must say, I will look for spring-hill suites wherever I go next time for good clean hotel at bargain price.  I was surprised at the condition of the room which was spacious with 2 queen size beds, sofa with living room area, 2 flat screen tvs, mini kitchen with microwave oven.  Free breakfast (scrambled egg, Canadian bacon, muffin, waffle, yogurt, very good for free breakfast), free WIFI (even though the speed is bit slow). With tax, one night's stay came out to $85.  Excellent staff, friendly service and excellent location as it is close to many restaurants and shops.  10 miles to Phoenix, very nice area.  I would stay here again any time.
5	Travel to the Peoria to spend time with family often. Usually stay at the Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn Express, but chose this hotel because the price was amazingly low (of course I was a little scared). What an amazing stay. From the hotel staff to the quality of the room (recently renovated) this place was a hit. The Asst GM Jake Henderson greeted us with a smile and was helpful and accommodating when we had an issue with our room door. The rooms were large, comfortable and had great amenities. I am training for a upcoming event and found their gym simple yet it provided everything I needed including space to do a workout video. The complimentary breakfast provided a very good selection of items, and was convenient. If there was a negative.... I guess it was the layout of the King suite was that the part of the TV is slightly blocked when you swivel it toward the bed, due to the dividing wall. So I had to move over in the bed to see the entire screen ? That's the worse I can say. Great hotel, great space great staff. Going back next week.....
5	My wife and I stayed here over Thanksgiving.  It is certainly one of the better hotels I've stayed at.  The room was exceptionally clean and the staff was exceptionally friendly and courteous.  The free breakfast was also exceptionally good.
5	Was able to book a room through Priceline.Arrived at the Marriott and was quickly checked in and directed to my room within 5 minutes.  Very efficient front service people.The room was very clean and didn't have a normal musty smell that janky other hotels have.  I was impressed because this suite had a microwave, refrigerator, flat screen TV, cable TV, very comfortable couch, and an even more comfortable bed.Very spacious room and I couldn't have been more pleased with my stay.  Would definitely stay here again.PS.  FREE Wi-Fi
5	Can't beat the price.  Very clean.  Great size rooms.  A very nice breakfast spread!  Pool is small but almost always empty.  Even a small gym on site!  Great deal and would definitely stay again.
4	Nice hotel.  Clean. Beds really comfortable!  Breakfast is adequate with normal selection of serve yourself foods.  Staff is pleasant.  Good value. Nice neighborhood and close to many shops and restaurants. Wifi was a decent speed and easy to access.  I had never been to Phoenix before so I was pleasantly surprised that we had ended up in such a nice facility.Shower head was really low.  I am only 5'7" and I found it low, but my son who is 6'4" had to almost squat to shower.  Plus the water pressure was really minimal (maybe has to do with being in a desert?).  Would stay here again.
2	I Revently stayed at the springhill motel. The asst. G.m. and his staff seemed to lack experience to say the least.I travel to the Phoenix area alot.This was the worst stay ever, anywhere.
5	We stayed here for 2 nights and we don't have a single complaint.  The room was spacious, clean and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast buffet was great & the staff was very friendly & helpful. We definitely would stay here again.
5	I was definitely surprised by how great this place was.The room was very clean and well maintained. comes with very new microwaves and refrigerator and a flat screen TV. The shampoo and conditioners are not some cheap brand but are in fact Paul Mitchell brands. The (FREE) Wifi signals are very strong as I did not have problem surfing the internet at all.The continental breakfast (ALSO FREE! ) was also very impressive. They had waffle makers that you can make fresh waffles. fresh fruits. variety of coffee, milk and juices. oatmeal, cereal, bagels, eggs and turkey canadian bacon! The staff are also all very nice and helpful. It was overall a great experience for a very good price !
