5	For years I have searched for a great school for my children. I was looking for a school that employed teachers who not only acknowledged my children's strengths, but helped them strengthen their weaknesses. I was looking for a school who taught children, not just so they can pass the AIMS tests, but  because a great education is an absolute priority. My children went from school to school and I did not have any luck in finding the school that I was looking for....until I found Paideia.  Paideia Academy of South Phoenix is that school. Not only do I feel that Paideia does everything in their power to make sure that my children grow up to be successful and wonderful individuals, I am also made to feel as though I am a part of a family. Teachers are in constant contact with me about my children's progress. Dr. Winsor is absolutely wonderful and has a passion for what he does. I have four children that attend Paideia and next year I will have five that attend. I am, and my children are, so blessed because of Paideia. I am proud to be a member of Paideia Academy's family.
5	Paideia Academy of South Phoenix uses best practice methods of teaching and learning, which encourage children to be thinkers and life-long learners.  Teachers are well trained in the curriculum, including Singapore Math, FOSS Science, Spalding and Junior Great Books using literature studies/reciprocal teaching. Academics are not the only focus. Paideia understands that children need to feel and be safe and healthy in order to learn. Character and health are part of the daily routine. The administration is quick to solve any behavior or other problem, with the goal of creating a safe and positive environment for all. As a former teacher, teacher trainer and homeschooling parent, Paideia is the only public school choice for my children. My children have continued with what they learned in homeschooling about math concepts and problem solving and one can now solve multi-digit problems in his head. My first grader struggles with reading/phonics, but has learned so much in the first quarter of the year, that my husband and I continue to be amazed each time he picks up a book or writes a story or list on his own.  I also have to recommend the special education staff as highly educated and experienced, as well as understanding and caring. The only thing that I think Paideia is missing is Spanish class/program.
5	My son is in first grade at Paideia and he loves it! We like to consider him a pretty smart little dude, and we know that when he isn't stimulated or challenged in school it shows at home in his attitude. We love what he is learning on a daily basis, and he does as well as he shares this information with us regularly. This school is different than the public school I grew up in many ways but the biggest I see is the focus on character development. Also, the principal, Dr. Winsor, brings a great amount of knowledge and experience with him and has done a phenomenal job communicating to parents and faculty his vision for the school and surrounding area. Don't get me wrong, we were definitely concerned sending our son to a "brand new" charter school, as it had no previous track record of success, but I'm definitely happy we did! This school brings something to the South Mountain area that had been lacking, and is helping establish a new sense of community that we were missing in our neighborhood. To reinforce the development of strong character building the school took it a step further and sponsored a Cub Scout Pack and Girl Scout Troop, as there were none previously in this area. Oh, and the "One School, One Voice" thing they do at morning assembly. Pretty powerful. If you are thinking of bringing your children to this school make sure you include the morning assembly in your tour!
