5	First, I would like to claim that I definitely consider myself a sandwich guy.  This place impressed me the minute I walked through the door.  The attendants behind the counter were friendly and greeted me once I entered the restaurant.Now let's move to the quality of the food.  Let me say the bread definitely makes enormous difference in quality of a sandwich shop and from my experience this is where San Francisco Style Sourdough Eatery distinguishes itself from the others.  From what I was told the bread is baked immediately after your order is taken.  The outside had a little bit of crunch while the inside was soft.  My sandwich was delicious.If you are in the area don't hesitate to drop by.  I would highly recommend this place to any of my pals.  Cheers.
5	Wow, what a great alternative to Subway and other similar shops.  The bread can make or break a sandwich and that is one area where Frisco Sourdough Eatery excels.  Also, they don't put a pound of that pillow case full of old shredded lettuce on your sandwich like others.  The pastrami sandwich was fresh/delicious and I'll definitely be back!  They also give a military discount which was a nice touch on top of a great meal.
3	I got a ruben and the salad. It was ok, I don't like bread that hurts the roof of my mouth. But not only that, just as far as the flavor goes, it was just average. My husband really liked his pastrami.  Not sure if I will ever say ohhhh lets go to the San Francisco sourdough eatery!
4	This place rocks!  Garlic pesto turkey sandwich with great great bread, spicy jalapeno chili and hunks of fresh bread to dip with.  Some outdoor seating to enjoy the 2 months of good weather we have here - I'm all about getting it while its good.   It's in an office park at Pecos & Paseo Verde, so it is somewhat out of the way, but I would definitely drive here over Subway / Firehouse / etc etc.  Oh and one of the best things - for $7.50 I get the soup, sub, and a drink.  Not breakin the bank to have a good lunch or dinner.
5	I enjoyed my sandwich immensely.  I've gone twice and will definately come for more.  Here are the juicy details about this place:1) Locally owned, which is nice.  The owners were working the register both times I went in.  I try to help out local businesses as much as possible.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I might shop at Walmart, but I make sure to hate myself while doing it.2) The bread is fresh.  Subway's is too, but this bread is better.  Jimmy Johns has some awesome french rolls.  I dig the sourdough at this place as an alternative.  I asked the owner/cashier on my last visit.  He said you can actually buy their breadbowls (empty) at their cost.  Pretty darn good idea if you want to make your own breadbowl soups at home or dips or whatever.  Or you can buy them to throw them at Walmart.  Whatever.3) The stuff is good.  No steak and lobster, but for the price, it's a good deal.  I don't mind that it's more expensive than Subway.  It tastes better.  A lot better.  It's about the same price as Port-o-Subs and light-years better in terms of quality.
5	This place is awesome! My coworkers and I would always go to the one on Pecos & St. Rose and they knew what we were going to order when we walked through. Then they opened one closer to my house and I love it! The sandwiches are so fresh. The bread is baked perfectly. I'm usually not a big fan or sourdough, but I love it with the sandwiches. There is a perfect amount of meat and cheese. You can't beat the price either. I do like Subway and Quiznos, but SFSE's sandwiches taste way better!At the St. Rose location they cut my half in half. Here they didn't. I didn't think there would be a difference, but the contents were falling out of the other side every time I would take a bite. Next time I'll request them to cut it. They serve a slice of pickle on the side too. If you're not a fan like me, just ask them not to put one on there so it doesn't go to waste. :)
4	"UPDATE"  Ok went back, because we had to use our living scocial deal,  I. Got the italian, it was good I will be back.
4	the BF and i ate here for lunch last week!!! SOOOO glad we did! We had the coupon from Living Social.. worth every penny! I had the tuna fish .... it was good but i wouldnt get it again... i don't like my tuna fish so mushy i like it a little chunky... but it was still good... we both had the half sandwiches .. BF had the Ham (piled high it says) def not piled high but he said it was really good.... we both had the clam chowder soup.. YUMMMMMO!!!! We will be back!!! very good prices too!!! $6.99 each and included half sub, soup and drink!!!
2	First visit.  I'm not impressed. I had the pastrami lunch combo. There wasn't nearly as much meat as the pictures (yeah, I know - they're just PICTURES) and the flavor just wasn't there. Theirs is not a very tasty pastrami, so much that I thought I was eating ham before I remembered that I ordered pastrami.  The bread was O K.  Sorry, but I'm still in love with Firehouse, and will even take JJ's over this place. P.S. Their soda tastes funny. (Coke anyway) my friend had rootbeer and can't tell. Aside: correct usage of there, their and they're. Get it right people!
4	Went this past weekend with BF for lunch. I had the garlic pesto turkey sandwich, and he had the reuben. We both had the combo with soup of the day, which was french onion. The sandwiches were great! Asked them to heat our sandwiches and they were very tasty. Bread was fresh, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. Soup, on the other hand, was a little different. When dipping the bread in it, it seemed just as good as any other french onion soup, but upon spooning it up, it was different. Very strange.  Very good meal for a great price, I think we paid around $8.99 for each combo and we had the regular size sandwich. They also offer small and large. We will be back, and since I live around the corner, will be ordering lunch on my breaks when I feel like eating out. (I work from home).
4	One of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Super fresh ingredients, served on a warm sourdough baguette.  The bread almost made me cry, it was so wonderful.  I would have given them 5 stars, but both the potato salad and macaroni salad were just so-so.This is the kind of place that will give you cravings.
4	I generally don't review a lot of chains but these guys obviously aren't that big and I feel they deserved a review. Let me first of all say that these people are friendly and that often foreshadows a good dining experience. I came here recently using a groupon and tried their turkey sub. It was a garlic pesto in sourdough with no red onions. I believe they bake their own bread here, and I must say I found it absolutely delectable. The sourdough was thick and rich with sour flavor. The garlic and pesto gave the sub an unusual bite that I have never tasted in a sub before but was really enjoyable. The meat was adequately piled to satisfy my carnivorous preferences, and it had delicious black pepper piled on it. Great salad with dark leaves, carrot slivers, cherry tomatoes, croutons, and a delicious  Italian dressing made in house.  If you find yourself eating subway and port of subs all the time, all I can say is STOP WASTING YOUR TIME AND MONEY ON THAT CORPORATE CRAP! This business is obviously much smaller than those guys and they really know how to make a unique and satisfying sandwich with quality ingredients. Awesome meal that left me very satisfied and interested in trying some of their other items.
3	Went here, food was good but for some reason it was 90 degrees in the restaurant?
4	Great sandwich eatery - we finally stopped by here last week and came back today. We ordered a veggie sandwich and a cheese sandwich both times. I'm not sure if it is because we tend to go soon after they open, but we have found the bread to be wonderfully fresh! Honestly, I eat sandwiches in large part for the bread - if the bread is stale or gross, I won't go back. The bread both times has had a good hint of sourness and has been crusty on the outside, soft inside.
3	I used to live in San Francisco, So when I saw this place I was pretty stoked. I ate the bread bowl filled with clam chowder and also a sandwich. Really fresh and I got my fix of San Francisco sour dough.
3	This place is highly OK. If you need food for lunch, it'll get the job done, but it's nothing special. I had the tuna, my dad had the Reuben. The Reuben was a bit weird as it didn't have dressing, just corned beef, kraut, and Swiss. The big thing though was the bread. I used to live in SF and this isn't really close to SF sourdough. It's pretty flat and if you're going to name the restaurant after the bread it better be pretty darn good. I should also point out that if a restaurant is going to invoke SF, using styrofoam plates is a little incongruent, not to mention that it didn't look like there was a recycling bin for drink bottles. So yeah, this place is fine, but it's definitely not worthy of the four stars it had when I went.
3	If you like sourdough, this is the place to be! The soup is really delish too! I had the "sourdough" which had 3 different types of meat in it. Not too shabby but I'll stick to my Subway. Will I come here again? Most likely. And when I do, I'm going to get the turkey. You can never go wrong with the gobble gobble.
4	Dear bread at the San Francisco Style Sourdough Eatery,I never knew I could feel this way.  I just left you and I miss you already.  I miss you so bad it's a physical pain--an ache.  My eyes are watering as I type, with teardrops slipping out and sliding down my cheek.  This thing we have is just so perfect.  Your crust is just so crisp, the spongy, tasty center so fresh.  I . . . oh hell, I'll just come out and say it . . . I love you.  I never knew bread could be like this.  You are my dream of warm, delicious sourdough.  I mean, I know you're just bread in a sub shop, but I've been dating crappy bread at Subway and Port of Subs for so long, I forgot how good a sub can be when the bread is fresh and quality.Oh . . . sorry, I didn't see you there reader.  I was just . . . [face goes red] . . . I was just fawning over the bread at San Francisco Style Sourdough Eatery.  It's gorgeous.  The rest of the ingredients are fresh enough and simple enough.  The cheddar is particularly tasty and the roast beef is delicious.  But, if you get a chance, the bread is absolutely worth dating . . . I, I mean eating.
5	I consider myself a sandwich officianado, and I can't believe I've found a rival to Jersey Mike's and Capriotti's. The bread is phenomonal, despite whatever some stuck up pr--k from San Fran says in another review. Highest quality meats and cheese. My eyes rolled back in my head while eating the roast beef, in a very Homeresque moment. The place was SPOTLESS, the help was great. I think the new owner was there and you could tell he was on top of it and his employees enjoyed their jobs. Now I'm hungry and I have to eat something I make. Damn!
4	First the size of their sandwiches are perfect! Not too small not too big. The bread is always fresh and the soup is daaaamn good. It's never all that busy when we go in but we kinda like it that way. see you guys soon!
1	So, yelp page says open until 8pm. Drove all the way here. Employees inside with door unlocked and signage blinking "open". Told me they were closed. I stated their yelp page said hours until 8pm today. Assuming the owner, blamed his wife for setting up the page and said the other location was open until 8pm. Bad service, bad attitude. I'm really looking for a good sandwich shop. I come from a great city that has much better food than Las Vegas, and I was hoping this would be the place, but I won't be going back.
1	This is not SFSE...changed name to Sourdough Escape...bread is not sourdough from SF Bay Area and clam chowder was water down :( disappointing and just an overpriced sandwich shop
5	If you're looking for a yummy lunch spot, this is it! Everything I've had has been so tasty and good quality!
3	it's been a while since I've visited here. it was alright. I could say I've had better sourdough, as it was a little tough. the one gal that was working, had a friend waiting, but when I walked in she did get up to assist. very helpful, very kind. can't remember much, but it was Clean. I really can't say much other then that. I guess I hoped it was better then i thought. I do work at Port of Subs as I was looking to just try another place out, I do like the fact that how they have different names for their Sandwhiches.
4	Yes, it was a delicious roast beef sandwich, with Swiss and all the fixings!  The bread was warm when served and outstanding... but, as it cooled, it was so dense that my mouth became tired of chewing and chewing and chewing.  Do get me wrong, it was a very good sandwich... bordering on great... but be prepared to work those jaw muscles for that great taste.
4	Nice sandwich - great bread.
