3	The reason for the deduction of a star is that their menu is still a work in process.  I ordered wings with hot sauce and the sauce had a very good buttery taste to it but not hot at all.  Suicide sauce was not listed as a option.  I ordered fries too, they're fresh made peel-on fries that had a good taste to them but under cooked.  The kitchen is open to the lobby and anyone with restaurant experience can tell that these guys are still learning how to run a kitchen.  They told me that they've been open for three weeks so far.  So with time I hope these guys become a well oiled machine!  Two of the three people working continually checked on us.  To this point I was not giving this place the rating I gave them or considering returning either.  What won me over about this place was the young lady behind the counter who I believe might be the owner came by to talk to us after the meal.  She truly wanted feedback on our experience which really shows she cares and wants to improve.  I brought up the "hot" sauce and was told that I should have told them to make the wings spicy.  If you offer a hot sauce it should have a bite to it without telling them I REALLY want hot sauce.  I'm not the normal consumer, I love extremely spicy food and these wings where weak so maybe a suicide sauce should be available without scaring away the 95% who does not want spicy to my liking.  My wife mentioned the soggy fries and was told that they are trying to figure out the fries and sauces. I will return and hope that they figure things out.  They by far are concerned of your experience so know that they'll get the menu down.  These guys should be given a chance to succeed!
3	Nothing too special. The smallest amount of wings is 15 which is fine, but only giving one small container of ranch isn't enough. Make sure you ask for 2-3. The French fries are not good. They were very oily and seemed old. The chicken tenders are like ones from the frozen section at the grocery store. Will give them another try for a different flavor of wings. I got the honey hot which is my usual wing flavor but they weren't anything special here. You can dine in or order to go. There was no one eating in when we went to pick up our order. I wasn't very impressed with the upkeep of the parking area. I know it isn't solely ATL Wings duty but maybe they need to notify someone of all the garage in their parking lot.
