3	Just your average big lots, they had a lot of dvds, but they didn't have anything I was looking for, its pretty clean. The things they were selling weren't as cheap as I thought they would be. However, the food is pretty darn cheap.
4	Big Lots is one of those places where it's filled with leftovers. Whether it's trash or treasures is for those to decide. Most of the time that I've gone in is because it's a bored day and sometimes I find things that are amusing. Today I was pleasantly surprised I found stuff. For us, a trashcan and pear gourmet natural soda. I walked into the dog toys to see if they have a bunch of cheap stuffies for my stuffie killer pro, Jezzie to have. I mean whether I spend a little or a lot, it's just for her to rip up anyways and that will be in a matter of minutes. Found some Kong like balls where theres holes on both sides and it's hollow to stuff with treats) for $2 to try to entertain them (fail- Jezzie doesnt like and Gweeb is too stupid to figure it out though he wants peanut butter inside). Then I saw dog biscuits and they had natural dog cookies like Cloud Star which I \see stocked at the natural petfood store I go to. It was fresh and only $2.50 a box. I grabbed 3 boxes of cookies. I would never expect good treats to be here- I would think its only the cheap stuff.  I also found kibble scoops with measurement lines in them for $1.We have happy monstors.
3	Sometimes u get lucky and find some good deals, always have cheap snacks ( candies, chips, cookies etc) today they had lots of Christmas decorations at good prices.
2	Sometimes these stores are messy with stuff thrown everywhere, today no exception. I like to stop in from time to time to check the inventory. Some days you can find a bargain and some days it's all about the mess throughout the entire store. I did find it amusing to see Christmas decorations out in full force right next to the discounted Halloween leftovers. But I went looking for a round table cloth but instead found yarn for a $1, so it was a good day for me at Big lots. If you go regularly, you can catch a few bargains now in then. I love the surprise of not knowing if they will have something and better yet find something you didn't expect. If you haven't been to Big lots, you should check it out.
4	This used to be my favorite one to go to- always had good bread like english muffins on hand (filled rack). I go to this one mostly for food. Still a good store to shop if you're in the area- if we go to Chinatown for lunch or a snack. I always check out the food, health/beauty items, pet section, crafts, socks, footwear (still looking for crocs), and sometimes the houseware & toys. Depending on the time of year, I check out the seasonal stuff too. This one is pretty busy. You can tell from the parking lot- but the lot might be busy because of the Vietnamese restaurant next door.
3	I'm a scrapbooker.  And Big Lots can sometimes be a treasure chest for someone like me.  Sure, it requires a bit of patience and some digging around.  But with some luck, you'll find a great deal or two.  My best find were staples used by the Fastenater...they were a steal at 50 cents each.  (Craft stores sell them for way more than that!)I haven't ventured too far into the store past the scrapbook aisle though. When I do, it can look like a big chaotic mess.  Customer service...now, that's a whole other issue.  First off, they are always understaffed.  The lines are just too long and they can never catch up or open enough registers when it's necessary.  Take today for example - the whole time I was there, they had only one register open.  However, there was always a wait and no one else bothered to open another register.  The manager isn't the nicest and she always seems stressed out.  But I guess I would be too working there.  One time I had an employee walk out in the middle of a transaction with me.  She began ringing me up, and then announced that she was leaving.  Other employees were in disbelief and weren't sure if she meant she was going on a break or leaving for the day.  (I think she just got fed up and left the job completely.  She got her things and logged out and was gone!)  They do offer a Buzz Club rewards program where you get points every time you spend $20 or more.  But this program is far from incident - supposedly they can look you up by phone number or email.  However, they definitely weren't able to look me up in the past although they tried 'everything'.  Apparently, it wasn't linked up yet supposedly.  Today, their system was down so no points were earned.  They suggested that you bring your receipt in again so they'll credit it accordingly.  Just a tad inconvenient.Overall, I'll continue swinging by when I'm doing my grocery shopping at SF Super next door.  You never know what lucky crafts you'll find at a bargain!
4	When I'm in the mood to shop and not sure what I want to look for, I often find myself at Big Lots. I like to stock up on things for my house here, like toothbrushes, soap and loofahs for my guest bathroom or holiday cards for random holidays or birthdays that sneak up on me. You can never be too prepared. I almost always stop by this place if I'm in the area having dinner at Pho So 1 or Woo Che. Definitely a good little after dinner workout. They are pretty organized and have a fair amount of merchandise to keep me busy for 20 minutes or so. Definitely a good little spot to shop.
5	You just never know what you're going to find. During our Vegas stay, my sis was feeling a little sick to her stomach. In come Ginger cookies to the rescue!! They were perfect, and delish, and cheap! I just love coming in to find a deal!
3	It was nice and clean employees were nice
3	Big Lots has anything you could need for your house at  discounted price. Indoor, outdoor, items for the kitchen, decor, it has it all. I often come here around the holidays to see what they have in stock. Not as well ranged as other stores, but if you are patient there are some decent finds.
2	I have been to this Big Lots a couple of times and figured after my most recent visit I shall complete a review.It is hit and miss when I come to shop here as I may find nothing or I may find everything. I have noticed however their prices are going up. I am NOT convinced that I can find better prices here than at wally world. The store is not really as clean or organized as I would hope for most times I have visited. Also I find that the advertised sales or items in their online email notifications are not accurate because they never have in stock what is posted.I was able to pick up a desk last time, it was the last one left also was an unboxed floor model. It was on sale and exactly what I needed so I got it.Staff is friendly however they always seem stressed out and over worked. I think I will stick to my one stop shopping for general miscellaneous crap at Wally World as there is no need to make a special trip here that is only a 50/50 chance of success.
3	Not crazy about this location.. usually a line.. and doesn't move too fast.                            Every so often  i find a great deal!
4	Every time me and the fam eat over at Pho So 1, we usually come here to burn off what we just ate. Even though we don't mean to buy anything, we always seem to find something that we actually need or get it simply because its "on sale". Big Lots is kind of like mini me of Wal Mart. If you have at least an hour to kill, I guarantee you will find something either to your liking or discover that these guys have some things that you don't remember seeing at other stores.This particular store just happens to be right in the middle of a bunch of restaurants. So don't be surprised to hear your stomach rumbling as you approach the entrance to the store. Sometimes you have homeless or transient folk hanging out towards the right of the entrance asking for hand outs. Now whether you give them something is your discretion. I usually ignore them because in most cases, its the same people just about every time I come here.Sorry, I got distracted by that last paragraph. Back to the store. If you are on a budget, shopping here can help you a lot. But be advised though, when it comes to perishable items, always look at the expiration date before you make that purchase. Obviously some items are reduced drastically so they can sell it quickly. These are the items you gotta be careful with. As for other items like sporting goods, furniture, etc, sometimes you can get a really good bargain if the open floor model is all that's left. Since its the last one, I recommend that you haggle with the manager to give you an even lower price. Look for scratches, dents, or anything that will justify your request. The service here is decent most days except for the last time I was here. It was about 8:30 and closing time is at 9. One of the workers there was doing his usual putbacks and cleaning up routine. There was a particular item that I was looking for that was not where it usually was so I asked him if they still had it. He looked at me like I was bothering him and he replied, "If you don't see it, either its out or we no longer carry it". He also reminded me that they will be closing in half an hour so I should get my stuff and go to the counter. Kind of rude if you ask me.As you make your purchases, don't forget to sign up for their rewards card. You get points towards discounts off future purchases. It's free and quick to sign up.Overall, it has been a pleasant experience every time I come here. Hopefully I don't run into that rude worker again or I just might have to complain to the manager if his demeanor is still the same.
4	This Big Lots is probably smaller then most.  It sit at the back corner of the shopping center. If u r bored or have extra time enjoy a stroll down every isle. It has a smorgasbord of things you never thought you needed & on sale. If you see something you like & think you are gonna come back another time & get it!  Beware it might be gone. I find some great deals and also I like the patio decor & furniture they have. Walking burns calories....Enjoy your stroll!!
4	I LOVE big lots! This is the only place that I've ever been to that has meet the expectation that they sell brand name items for a cheaper price. I go here when I need shampoos, cleaning supplies, or other home supplies.
4	I have been to this store almost all the time they hav e reasonable prices and good deals and the cashiers and sales associates are always helpful and I always find what I'm looking for here.
5	5 stars for Samantha's awesome costumer service! We bought a vacuum about two weeks ago Samantha was great and knew a lot about the different brands of vacuums. Unfortunately when we got home a piece was missing. I called and spoke to Sam and she said return it when we can. Upon returning it a week later Sam was just as helpful with my return and picking out another vacuum. A+
4	I love going to this place.  You can find all sorts of snack foods that you cannot find at regular supermarkets.  They have items such as imported cookies from Germany, specialty pancake syrups and many different brands of chips that are not sold elsewhere.  They also have a good selection of seasonal items for Halloween, Christmas, etc.  Their outdoor gardening items are also worth taking a look at.   Browse up and down the aisle if you have the time.  You will be surprised at the selection and how reasonably priced their items are.
