3	Located along the infamous, gutted for future LRT, Central Avenue is Community ( you know, like rainbow community) Florist. Serving the sistahs for years is a helpful, friendly and knowledgable staff. Prices are well below the chain florists here in Central Phoenix and I always like to help the small business owner, especially during this construction madness. I've purchased flowers here that last well over a week. They also have an eclectic collection of vases, things for the garden, cards, etc. So if you're trying to woo that special someone, or perhaps you messed up with the mister or you simply wanna say to yourself, "I'm special. I like myself. I deserve tulips"....get on down to Community Florist. You know it's about time ya'll stop to smell the roses...
5	This place is excellent. The staff is very helpful and sweet. The prices are very reasonable. I love the fact that you can pick and choose what flowers you want in your arrangement from the walk-in and they charge just by the flower... kinda like AJ's but less expensive. Or, of course, they can create one for you... and they are gorgeous, dense arrangements that last weeks and weeks. The shop is always decorated so creatively, it always inspires me! Every first friday you can stop by (for no cost) and learn how to arrange flowers. I love this place!
4	I was looking for a local florist shop that could create bouquets without following the traditional catalogue style. The owner Shelli did an amazing job helping me out and being patient with my requests. I actually went a few times myself and the drive isn't easy from where I am in Scottsdale but worth it. The bouquet turned out great. They made it definitely unique and many compliments were given. I therefore got to feel like I not only helped in creating it but that the staff was receptive to my requests and helpful in giving suggestions, everything you could ask from a florist. She also provided me a picture of the bouquet as I knew I would not be able to see it and that was important for me. It was maybe a little pricier than your average bouquet but well worth it.
5	They've done a number of arrangements for us and their designs are really cool. Sure they do a lot of corporate events and arrangements for hospital gift shops, but where they shine is in contemporary arrangements. Give them a little leeway for creativity and you'll be wowed, and for a good price, too.If you're a DIY kind of bride, you can buy your flowers through them and use the shop to put together your arrangements. If you need guidance, you can hire a designer to assist. They have a huge selection of containers (vases, etc.).
5	This is my go to place for flowers to be delivered.  The service is always wonderful and the arrangements beautiful.  When I call they always put together "something" that is quite impressive.  I have had flowers from here as well as other florists and the flowers from Community Florist are always fresh and last a long time.
4	I like this place. I was looking to DIY my bouquet for my very small wedding, and they happened to be a good combination of easy to locate and well priced. It's in the building that used to hold My Florist- they tore it down and turned it into a bunch of small little stores.You go into the store and are greeted by the adorable store kitty. Super friendly and cute! Sorry, but I've got two of my own, they get at least a 0.5 star for that. Mostly I liked how helpful the girl was. I looked a bit lost, and she asked me what I needed, and I asked to look at the fresh flowers, because I wanted white ones for my bouquet. They didn't have many of the ones I really liked or had initially wanted but she did go out of her way to mention that because it was a Saturday, there were some blooms that weren't up to par when I asked about them. Not letting me buy bad flowers- very nice. When I had questions about the hydrangea stems that caught my eye, and voiced that I wasn't sure if I could make my now-husband's boutonniere out of it, she actually showed me, right on the spot. I also loved that. She told me how to care for them until the day of, and we arranged for her to put aside some stems for me on the spot. When I asked if I might need more, she volunteered to call her supplier. They said they could deliver some the next day, but she was very upfront about the price.I did catch her making a really cool looking arrangement as well. I rather wish I had had the foresight to come in earlier and order what I needed, but flowers were supposedly easy and the last thing on my mind. My problem, not theirs. Good service, small local business, great location. If I actually bought fresh flowers more of ten I'd definitely become a regular.
1	Based on my experience with this florist, I'm avoiding them in the future and would certainly advise others to do the same. I placed an order on Oct. 31 to be delivered on Nov. 1 (to a location less than half a mile away). The flowers weren't delivered, I wasn't contacted that they weren't delivered and there was no note on the door to indicate a delivery was attempted.I called to inquire why and while they were somewhat apologetic, they made no attempt to compensate me for their failure to deliver or inform me of such. No waved delivery fee, no half-off next arrangement, nothing like that. I told them I thought this was poor customer service and that they'd lost a customer, only to receive a sarcastic "I'm VERY sorry we've lost your business" in reply. Find a better florist, they're out there.
5	This place is fantastic! Beautiful arrangements. Cheerful employees that will do anything to help you. Great delivery service too.
5	I love Community Florist!  I use them to get bimonthly flowers to decorate my salon and I also used them for my wedding.  They worked with my budget and I couldn't believe how many flower arrangements I got for what I spent. I was also able to make payments which really helped.  My bridal bouquet was absolutely stunning and matched my personality and accented my dress.  Their prices are amazing as well and they can work with any budget.  Over the last year I have purchased arrangements to celebrate birthdays, love, accidents and even death.  I can go in there and give them a bit of history of why I need an arrangement and tell them a bit about the person and they create the most perfectly beautiful personalized one.  You can also get amazing terrariums created here as well.  They also have classes on floral arranging.  Thank you Community Florist for bringing such wonderful flowers into my life!
4	From a first impression, I am very impressed with this florist!  I'm sure to provide an updated review if (when) I order flowers from them.Located in downtown Phoenix, the shop is easy to find.  I walked in on a Saturday morning with two of my bridesmaids hoping to find a little guidance about DIY wedding flowers, prices, and possibly secure a vendor.  The store is a very intimate, cozy feeling shop, with flowers everywhere (of course) and lovely Christmas decorations ('twas the season).  After explaining what I was trying to do, the lady behind the counter sat us down at a table with several wedding flower books, flower flash cards (so they seemed) and a stack of post-its.  After we mulled over the options for a while and I narrowly avoided a few hysterical moments by the array of decisions I had to make, she came back over to see how we were doing.  We chatted for a while about the benefits of various flowers, the availability in April, prices, colors, etc.  By the time we were done talking I finally felt confident about what I wanted to do!  I'm sure I will call upon Community Florist when I'm ready to place my order- they will hold my flowers trimmed and in a bucket in their cooler until I'm ready to pick them up, and can even keep finished centerpieces cool if I need to hold them in the meantime.   If I wasn't taking on the feat of doing all the flowers myself, I'd trust the project to this shop too, based on what I saw while I was there and the knowledge I gleaned just from one conversation.It was definitely a positive experience, which I needed!
5	So So helpful. Had to send flowers out of town and Annie was helpful, knowledgeable, went out of her way to get all my questions answered. Will defiantly use them again. Thank you so much for all your help Annie.
5	Since my first review, I have had three more interactions with Community Florist.  Once to place my order over the phone- she remembered speaking with me, gave me updated prices before committing to the order (which were within the range she had quoted) and assured me everything would be ready on my pick-up date, provided I pay in a timely manner.  I preferred to use cash, so I stopped by to settle the bill that weekend.  Huge shop plus: Shop Cat!  This black and white sweet little thing stole my heart and the florist had her eye on me to make sure I didn't steal him.  He sat on my shoulder as I paid my bill, and I reluctantly returned him to a nearby stool.  My third encounter was when I picked up the flowers, ready right on time as promised.  I had a ton of carnations, some green trix, buplerum, and a few hydrangeas.  Shop Cat again proved to be the highlight of the experience, but the service was great as well.  She sold me a stem-ripper (to remove thorns and leaves) even though I hadn't purchased the roses from her.  All of the flowers held up marvelously, with the exception of a few user-error calamities.  We trimmed and arranged everything in my centerpieces with a little water, and stashed them in a cool (but not cold) spare room so they would wake up.  The next morning, we used plant food in the water to top off the water levels.  Day 3 was go time, and they all looked perfect - healthy, full, colorful, and beautiful.Going in to the "I'll do my own wedding flowers" plan, I knew there were several details that could make or break the experience.  I'm so glad it went as well as I could have imagined, and Community Florist providing advise and quality flowers played no small part.
