3	Peculiar name - there's nothing fancy about it - but there is lots of grass for your mutt to romp with the other canines at this eastside dog park.  Enough trees for a bit o shade.  A full 12 acres of running room if you've got an "active" pooch, and five fenced off runs so the little ones always have a section of their own.My only caveat is to watch where you step, there are landmines!
5	the best dog park I have found in Vegas, by FAR.Too bad it's a gazillion miles away from my house and gas prices have skyrocketed in the past few months, otherwise my dog and I would be coming here a lot more often.I love how the park is huuuuuge....and I do mean HUGE...and it's divided into about 3 areas, I believe. My dog is a hyperactive mutt, and her favorite activity is to "fence run" with dogs on the opposite side of the fence!I still think it's worth the occasional drive on weekends, just so my dog gets tired and leaves me alone for the rest of the day. ;)
5	I think this is a great dog park with tons of space.  I just wish the trees would grow a little faster for some shade! There is a guy who is always there everyone should watch out for.  He has a large mixed breed thin dog that is light brown brindle.  This dog attacks other people's dogs viciously and his owner doesn't do much to stop it.  He just sits there drinking booze out of a paper bag and zaps his dog with a remote collar.  The cops have been called out but yet he still manages to hang around.
5	Cool ass dog park.hella space, seperate areas, nobody trippin (like dog snobs in The City or freakin out that a pit can walk off leash), and City Workers pickin up dogshit!!!
5	Fancy- -verb  (used  with  object)  to  take  a  liking  to;  like. To breed to develop a special type of animal.  now that is out of the way, I go to this park everyday. And it is without a doubt the best park in the Valley. While being a dog park, I have also found myself making new friends in a city which is hard to find good ones in. So if you ever see a Bloodhound named Lenny stop by and say hi. p.s. On Friday nights we sit in the back left corner with chairs and a cooler. The hot spot in Vegas on Friday nights.
5	I met a couple friends here on a Thursday morning with the pups.  I LOVED THIS PARK!!!!  It's so unique...I haven't seen a park like this in Las Vegas.  First of all, it's huge!  There are 5 separate dog run areas.  All of the areas are connected to each other so you don't have to re-leash your dog when moving around.  I think this is a great feature because if your dog isn't getting along with other dogs, you can move really easily.  This park is mainly grass...which my dogs love!  We have desert landscaping so they think it's a real treat to roll around in the soft grass! We had plenty of room and shade.  All of the people we ran into seemed to be very pleasant.  I didn't see dog fights or major issues going on.  I really enjoyed the walking trail around one of the dog areas.  There's a large grass area in the middle for the dogs to run on.  You can take a walk while they are playing with other dogs.  I took my husband there later in the weekend and he really enjoyed it too.  We will definitely be back!  This park has a semi-obscure location.   Just an FYI, if you've never been there....drive as far east as you can on Flamingo.  You come to the end of it and you have to make a right.  The park is only about .5 miles past the turn and it's on your right hand side.
4	I'm not a dog person or partial to animals in general, but my mom was ready to introduce a pet into our living situation a few months back and now we have a dog. We both work long hours, so our dog Chisai doesn't get out as much as she should and this dog park is a real treat for her. I've only been to one other dog park (Cactus Wren which was great), and this is definitely the Disneyland of Las Vegas dog parks. It's massive! There are three separate areas, but I've only been in the smallest area on the northeast side of the park where the smaller dogs usually are.Everyone I've met has been friendly and while the dogs like to play rough (or is that just how they play? I don't know), I've only ran into a few aggressive and/or territorial ones, who thankfully had owners who recognize that and removed or disciplined their dogs when they were getting out of control. Not everyone picks up after their dog, but you can't really control that. There are bags available if you forget your own and plenty of trash cans. The park has lights in the evening, so if you're not able to come until after the sun is down, the place is lit. Overall, a really great park and easy way to wear your dog out without wearing you out!
5	This is a great dog park. I love bringing all my dogs here because there are so many areas for them to play in. Usually one area might have more dogs than the other, so it's easy to just usher your dogs to another gated area if one is getting too rowdy (or if your pups are playing a little too rough). There's also a "small dog" area, although there is not actual signage, most patrons of this dog park have hailed the small dog area as what it is and most hold up the promise not to bring big dogs into this certain area.Most who come here are regulars and often they spend time talking while their dogs are playing around. My boyfriend and I enjoy making laps around the larger area while our dogs bounce along and play beside us.Usually dog poos are picked up, although you will find a few strays here and there (just watch where you are walking, duh!). Watering buckets are dispersed throughout the park, and there are even some trees and benches for lounging and being in the shade when it is hot.Just follow the rules, close gates, keep dogs out when you are going in and out, and do be courteous to all people and puppies! This park is really good about that. Great place to spend a few hours and let those doggies expend their energies!
3	dog fanciers park is huge it has 5 seprate runs 4 of that you can revserve i stoped by there when i went to pet adoption event at sam boyd  i live in the spring valley area of town i go to desert breeze park i wish that there i a park this big over here desert brzze has the room to make a dog park as big as dog fanciers in desert brezze that would be nice but put in a lot of trees and shade strucers
5	Great park!  This is the biggest dog park I've ever seen.  The park is split up into four sections, and each one is fenced off.  I take Hagrid, my boxer mastiff mix pup, here all the time.  If you're in a section that may get a little crowded or the other dogs play a little to rough for your liking it's easy to move to another section.  There is also an unofficial small dog area.  I say unofficial because it's not really labeled; most of the regulars know not to bring our big dogs in there.The park is always clean when I go there and they provide poop bags and water stations for the dogs.  Also they're open late!  Because of the Las Vegas Summer I refuse to take Hagrid out in that heat during the day time, but when the sun comes down and it cools down a bit you'll see him running around.
4	I have been going to this park for several years. Everyone is really nice and friendly there, especially the early morning crowd.  It is a very rare place in Las Vegas where you have people from all walks of life actually talking to each other.The people and dogs are really well behaved.  It is a great place for your dogs to run free. The only word of caution that I have is that I am pretty sure the park is infested with ticks. About 6 months ago we started finding ticks on our dogs, we suspected it may be the dog park since we would find the ticks the day after we would bring them to the park. The dog park it is right next to the horse park where you have horses from all over the country staying there during rodeo events, so perhaps they are carrying the ticks in. Ticks aren't native to Las Vegas, so they must be coming into the valley somehow.   I stopped going to the dog park for about 2 months and we didn't find any more ticks. Then I figured we would try the park again. The next day after going we found ticks crawling in the house and on the dogs again. So I took one more month off from going there to see if it cleared up and it did. Then just the other day I brought the dogs again, and then the next day I found a tick on my son. So if you do bring your dogs there. I would check them for ticks before bringing them home.
4	I have been a regular here for the last 5 years. There are several areas for our dogs to play. Most people are friendly and their dogs are as we'll. you will come across the few that do not belong there. I am talking about the owners, not their dogs. It is kept pretty clean by the workers and pet owners and is a great place to mingle. We have met some awesome people and their " kids" and can't wait to meet some more!!
5	What a fantastic dog park, it's huge. Multiple fenced areas for dogs of all sizes. Then one gigantic area for your dogs to really get out and run. Lot's of water stations, garbage cans, and poo bag dispensers. Unfortunately another park built without shaded areas, but there are plenty of benches to relax and watch your dog play. All of the people and dogs we met there were friendly. Parking is in a dirt lot.
5	I have Great Danes, so even at the larger parks it's sometimes hard to find a space really big enough for them to let loose.  One of the reasons I actually chose to move into my house is because it's only a block from this park.  I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Either my wife or I (or both of us depending on schedules) are there with our pup 2 or 3 evenings a week.This is by far the biggest dog park I've ever seen.  It sits on roughly 12 acres and has 6 or 7 separate fenced off areas for the dogs to play.  None of them are specifically designated for big or small dogs, but most of the big dogs wind up in the biggest pen (huge) so there is almost always at least one of the smaller pens that has only the more timid or smaller dogs.  Pretty much everyone I've met here is friendly and in the 3 years my dogs have been coming here, I've only seen a handful of really aggressive dogs.  Better yet, usually those owners know their dogs are aggressive, and tend to keep them in the less populated smaller pens (the smallest pen here is still bigger than a lot of other dog parks in Vegas) and warn people who try to enter that they might want to choose another area to play in.  Lots of water fountains, benches, and grassy areas in all of the various pens (though the grass is usually pretty dry as there is NO shade at this park)  The biggest of the pens is massive, and there are almost always balls and frisbees flying everywhere.  Lots of fun.  Highly recommended.  And in the biggest area, there is a dirt jogging track surrounding the whole outside area of the pen.  I've never walked it, but by the looks, I'd guess it was 1/2 mile or more.  Perfect for those who want to get a little exercise in while their dogs are out roughhousing and having a ball.One cautionary note - While I've never seen this place locked up, they do shut out all of the lights at about 10:30, so I wouldn't suggest this as a great late night park.  I'm 6'4" tall and 400 pounds, with a 200 pound Great Dane as my companion, and even I get a little spooked sitting out there alone after all the lights are out. It's pretty creepy.  Then again, maybe I've watched too much CSI and Criminal Minds for my own good.
5	I've been bringing my 8month old lab/border collie mix here at least 4-5 times a week now since I rescued him and this is my favorite park. I've been to Desert Breeze (too small), and Sunset Park (ok, but a lot of people sitting on their butt not paying attention or caring about what's going on).  The park has a huge area for all dogs with a track on the outside to walk around. There are many benches, poop bag dispensers, and garbage cans around the outside. Trees on the sides too to provide some shaded areas.  There are also 3 long runs for any dogs, and a smaller dog area. I like that there are no designated areas for "large" "small" breeds.  Use your judgement..you know your dog best. I've met some really nice people here, and everyone is a dog lover. My dog is friendly with all dogs, and as a puppy is still learning when a dog wants to play and when it wants to be left alone. Agree with another poster that some dogs just don't get along, and the 3 separate runs make a great alternative if you run into this, if you need to give your dog a time out from the large area. There are mostly medium-large breed dogs in the largest area, but smaller dogs that can tolerate bigger dogs sometimes go in here as well. I've only had 2 encounters with aggressive dogs...one being an off night, as a dog he typically plays with got a little too nippy, and they went at it...I broke it up and we moved to the other side of the park. Most recently, I was walking along the outside track and when my dog ran to catch up to me, another dog came full speed at him out of no where and nipped him in the butt and growled/snarled, and jumped at him with teeth out. The owner tried to discipline the dog but it kept running away from him, so I'm assuming he's in the process of training him. We left the large area and went to the long run. I watched this same dog aggressively go after many other dogs that night as well, so I am hoping the owner takes him to the long runs next time until he learns some manners. Again, could be a newly rescued dog that doesn't understand inappropriate behavior.  I've been here on the weekends in the morning and there are hardly any people there. We go at night during the week after the sun goes down and it's usually packed. One rule of dog park trips...don't take a favorite toy!  Your dog will most likely claim ownership over it and get aggressive with other dogs getting anywhere near it. There are balls, Frisbees, other toys being thrown around everywhere and from what I"ve heard dogs are color blind, so they're not going to distinguish a red and orange ball from a blue/green one. If you don't want other dogs taking your dogs toy, go to a private pen...they're long enough that they can still run. The only thing I don't like about this park in the long runs, are the holes. They are treacherous!  If you are running with your dog and don't see one, you're likely to break an ankle, knee, leg, etc.  They're hard to spot due to the thick grass.  In the largest area, I haven't seen holes anywhere in the grass.  If you're dog likes water, bring a towel because the watering stations tend to get some puddles and I've seen white dogs turn brown after lying down in them. Lol
5	Haven't been here in a while, and see that they paved a parking are! Soo awesome, now I don't have to worry about the gravel. Not only is this place a great dog park, it has a nice hidden location. There's always nice people and its always in good condition.
5	What a great place to take your dogs! They have large yards to let them just run, and small yards for the smaller dogs who don't get along with big dogs. There is a big fenced in park area with restrooms for people! That's right, facilities for people! A novel idea for sure. There is fresh water available for you and your pets, plenty of clean up bags and covered trash receptacles too. They also have ample parking in a paved lot.
5	My husband and I bring our two bogs here all the time we love it. There are 4 smaller fenced areas and 1 big area.
4	I like this park......it's a huge grassy field. I come here often in the morning.  The park is never crowded and it's so big that you don't really run into anyone else. If you have a small dog you definitely need to watch out for the bigger dog so your won't get trampled.   There are a few  of benches around the park.  The park is always clean and well maintained and has benches for you to sit on and relax.
5	This is a great place to take your dog tons of space and the people that go there are nice as well as the dogs.
