4	My husband and I went for the weekend. The beds were extremely comfortable. Complimentary continental breakfast, not much to pick from. The rooms were surprisingly very spacious. The front desk workers were very kind. Everything was pretty clean. The TV was old and would get a bit of static every once in a while but over all it was a great stay and would definitely stay again.
2	I prefer staying at a Marriot simply because I use my rewards points. It does not get me much, but I do know that the beds and rooms are really clean and comfortable.A recent trip to Arizona found me at the Fairfield Inn...Granted not all Fairfield Inns are equal in size.I looked this one up on the Marriot Website called the 800 number and was told the rooms were full. So I made a reservation online and got in just fine..MY COMPLAINT on this two star is the fact that on line it said the room had a space for a roll away bed which I needed for my 4 year old. Well once we got into the room, there was NO WAY a roll out would fit. It would have blocked the entry and the bathroom. So please MARRIOT do not advertise room for a rollaway when clearly there isnt one. Even the lady at the desk knew it. No larger rooms to be had either. So be weary travelers with kids....I'm sure it was a safety issue putting one in the door way. The fire department would have issues im sure.Needless to say, I moved another hotel
3	Great place with a driving range next door and gyms nearby,  I like staying here as it is a lower cost Marriott property with a good location for my sales calls,  The room I am in now has cathedral ceilings and ample room.  Also a microwave and small fridge,
1	Terrible just terrible...The rooms are supposed to me non-smoking which is not true.  I have incredibly bad allergies and when I complained to the front desk they said I have a confirmed reservation and they will see what they can do in the morning.
2	Friendly and professional staff, room was nice but I had problem the first night with the smoke alarm malfunctioning which woke me up only after being asleep for four hours :(. The front desk was called and I was informed that maintenance would not arrive until 8:30. Issue was finally repaired around 8:45am. This was an issue because the type of job I'm in is supporting third shift and now with no sufficient sleep my day was going to be extra long, in fact I did not arrive back to the room until 4am. I enjoy soaking in the tub, but discovered that the bathtub is not really designed for an adult, very uncomfortable to use.I will continue to stay in a Marriott property but when visiting the phoenix area I will be patronizing a different property.By the way, I did receive a 15.00 discount for the alarm incident, thanks Fairfield Inn but this was not good enough. :(
1	As explained to us after the fact, this management team does not see itself as responsible for disruptions caused by other guests!  (We're talking overflowing tubs on higher floors here!)The accommodations are fairly nice which is why we booked them for a second year in a row. BUT! A guest in the room above our daughters' (ages 19, 14 and 12) room let the tub run all night and flooded portions of both our rooms below. Of course, none of this was noticed UNTIL WE AWOKE IN THE MORNING WITH SOMEWHERE TO BE IN ONE HOUR, so we--all 5 of us--made do with sharing the lesser of the two damaged bathrooms, confident that management would adjust our bill and do the right thing once the manager could be reached. We were wrong! After much work and argument on the phone by my wonderfully  diplomatic husband, we have been granted a $20.00 consideration.  $20.00?!  They will say that because they offered us another room that morning, that *that* should suffice. We, however, were not in a position--logistically or time-wise--to accept their offer so I guess it's our burden to bear? So wrong. Just so wrong.I will be telling everyone I can in my hometown of Mesa to find different accommodations when their loved ones visit. Stay where management has some integrity!
