5	I am SOLD! Great Experience, the Doctor and staff are amazing.  I had Botox, fillers, photo-facials and Refirme and I'm definitely going back.  I've seen a lot of Dotors and I've been to lots of spa's and I have to say this is a rare keeper.  I felt completely pampered in the spa and in competent hands with Dr. Rueckl.  With the injections he was fast and precise without even a hint of pain. Try them and you will see what I mean.  THUMBS WAY UP!
1	I was honestly shocked by how rude this doctor is! He made me feel like my questions were stupid & gave condescending answers. When I asked him what was in this chemical filled pharmaceutical cream he wanted me to put on my face, he replied 'Do you care?' and refusedl to tell me. Uhh yes, I do care! It's my skin! He took no time to get to know the history or my concerns about my skin. He also chose to overlook a ridge that I asked him to fix from Juvederm. It would have been very simple for him to use the enzyme, but out of what I felt like was sheer laziness he just left it, saying it 'wouldn't be that noticeable' after he put the filler in. Next, he recommended I have 25 units of Botox at $270, and at 21 years old I really began to question his professionalism. Maybe he was having a bad day or something, but I will definitely not be back to this doctor. His energy & attitude was enough to drive me to write this review which I rarely, if ever do! People deserve to know the truth especially when it comes to something as personal and intimate as their face. Choose your doctor wisely, shop around!
5	The first time I saw Dr Rueckl I was in late middle school/early high school. My acne was so bad I cannot even begin to explain. He took such good care of me and knew the right products for me to use. To this day, I still use the same facial wash he recommended. Whenever I have skin issues I still go to see Dr Rueckl, even though my insurance has changed and is not covered with him. I pay the out of pocket fee because I trust him. My younger brother see's him as well now.
5	I moved to Vegas over three years ago and was looking for a new skin care clinic. I can't stress enough how happy I am I chose to go with Lakes Dermatology. I was diagnosed with rosacea and was looking into treatment options. The technicians at the Lakes Dermatology Spa are amazing. I have sensitive skin which reacts very unpredictably to topical treatments and lasers, and they knew exactly how to treat it. It's the only spa I've come by that knows how to find that elusive combination of gentle and effective. I'm happy with the results I got from my spider vein and redness treatments. They knew my skin better than I did, and also provided recommendations on the right products to use, which finally put an end to my search for a perfect moisturizer. This is the ONLY place I can fully trust when it comes to my skin.Doctor Rueckl is very professional and knowledgeable. He recommended the right treatment for my condition, explained why my skin acted the way it did, and honestly informed me of my options. He also provided at least 6 sessions of laser ABSOLUTELY FREE OF CHARGE when he realized my skin was very stubborn and needed more treatment. That is superb care, and I'm very grateful for it. Not to mention, the consultations are always free, and I received all the answers I needed and got a bunch of product samples without spending a single penny. Needless to say, I'm sticking with this clinic, as I couldn't have asked for better treatment. If you want to get excellent care coupled with professionalism and generosity, this is definitely the place to go.
1	I put a reviewed  how bad was their service  to my frown lines injection that was done few months ago. The injection was not placed at the right spot,and then I called them about my concern,and the Doctor said it was fine,like nothing went wrong. I put a review then,and now the bad review was gone. Amazing how they took my review away. Now it,s show  what they can do. Bad service,unprofessional.Wow....it,s all about what they can get from you !
5	I was referred to Dr. Rueckl by another dermatologist for removal of a small skin lesion using Mohs surgery.  Dr. Rueckl is one of just a couple of experts who do this type of surgery here in Vegas.I was very appreciative of his wonderful bedside manner, and found him completely honest:  since the lesion was on my leg, he advised against having it and suggested I have it removed in the traditional manner.  He said if it were he, he wouldn't do it!  But after thoroughly explaining the pros and cons, he ultimately left it up to me.  I decided to go with it, for reasons irrelevant to this review.  He said the procedure would be practically painless, and it was.  At both the initial consultation and at surgery (in-office), I didn't have to wait very long before I was seen.  Dr. Rueckl has an easy-going personality, not standoffish at all, and at no time did I feel like I was being rushed.  I highly recommend him!
1	Unfortunately BaD experience. Approx. $2000 cash spent & results immediately Not symmetrical as per his physician technique. My appointment was about 30mins of physician time. I was in a ton of pain following ( my threshold high)  & Although the doctor was quite polite & casual he stated he would not be able to make a correction for six months to one year. Completely brushed me off ;however , I TRUSTED upon my return he would correct @ no cost. Upon my return he stated there would be an additional $2000 charge! The equivalent price of doing the procedure from scratch. Also, @ each visit he tried to up sell me on a ton of fillers etc. ,Quite insulting. He left me with 3 large SCARS that people have asked me about. :( I was mortified through the process & photographed/logged the damage. I have realistic expectations & need to seek legal counsel for reimbursement.The office called me & even asked me to Exchange a $100.00 bill for a different one! I'd Never had such a bizarre request made. The office was Completely unprofessional after my money collected & I was treated terribly by the staff. Assistant carting crying baby around office while working? Choose another office. Totally unethical.
