1	ZERO STARS!!! DON'T EVER TAKE YOUR PET HERE!!! I just picked my dog up from caspers after a 5 hour wait. When I arrived my Mini Yorkie was completely shaved down and didn't even have hair on his face! Yorkies have a very specific way of grooming. I told the girl we shouldn't have to pay because it was seriously and embarrassment of a grooming job!! The owner came out upset (extremely money hungry) saying they would just do a better job next time. I asked her again for a refund she was extremely upset and literally threw my money back at me and my wife and told us to never come back to her shop!! I was completely shocked at her behavior especially when the girl who groomed our dog and the owner herself BOTH ADMITTED that they did a terrible job. Never in my life have I been treated this way! Especially when they made the mistake. Please don't bring business to this terrible woman you will thank me later! And so will your dog!!
5	I've been taking my dogs Bella and Jasmine to Caspers  for years and I thought I'd tell everyone about the great experiences that I've had!My pets mean the world to me as they're members of my family and they seem to be excited to go to Caspers every few months for a haircut or for a good cleaning (hair, teeth, nails.) They're prices are reasonable for the high standards they set. Give them a shot, you won't be sorry! Love,Jasmine & Bella
5	Very friendly people and they always get me in when I call instead of having to make an appointment and wait. They always do a great job on Barkley my mini schnauzers cut and just last time I sprung for the 65.00 teeth cleaning and I'm very happy with the results. Definitely recommend!
1	We have been taking our Yorkie to Caspers for many years.  The owner always seemed kind until today.  My husband picked her up after an unusually long time to find a shoulder puncture wound and a large, full thickness open wound to her front leg.  The owner lacked compassion and remorse for what had happened.  I have never seen such cruelty first hand and her lack of caring not just about my 16 year old dog but about her reputation as a groomer speaks volumes.  I had a $100.00 vet bill not to mention the suffering of my little dog after going to Caspers pet grooming.  The vet said they haven't seen a grooming injury this bad.  My little dog has 5 staples to her leg and dermabond to mend the shoulder laceration.  It's really sad for our family, especially out little kids to see and cannot understand such cruelty.  I would not recommend this groomer.  She never even said she felt bad. Now I know why this visit took so long, she had to wait for the bleeding to stop before she called us to pick her up. Horrible!!!
