3	Loved their foodHas a little bit of an old people vibe though.... a bit dated....Honestly, the food was top notch.  I did see a giant cockroach run across the dining room floor though....   Hmm.....  I'm torn on how many stars to give this one.....Hmm.....I'll give 3 for exceptional food.-2 for the huge cockroach.
4	We had the Sunday brunch.  It includes an entree and a seafood, appetizer, ad dessert  buffet.  The buffet was better than the entrees but everything was very fresh.  Drinks are very expensive but what the heck, you're at the Biltmore.  It is definitely Oooooooold money here.  We loved it. Woof!
4	Dined here 3 times and it has always been exceptional. I love the fact that they feature a game selection every night of the week, along with a constantly revolving tasting menu. Wine list is terrific and the food is very fresh. I understand they buy from farmers directly, rather than a food service company, which makes it A+ in my book.  Plus the Biltmore is just a beautiful place.
5	They knew. They knew we were a rowdy, tipsy, cuss strewn restaurant gang. And they put us in back. Didn't matter. The entire room was magnificent. Carved concrete block. Mission style furniture blended with contemporary. Three ambiguously sexual servers. Really. How can you tell now days? But the food. The art on a plate. Sublime. And I don't even know what sublime means. I heard it on TV once. Just sounds good. Like the food I fed my pie hole last night. Perfectly seared sea scallop with a corn succotash, a Caesar salad so perfect AND served in a baked Parmesan crisp. That means, my dairy loving friends, that you consume the salad and then eat the bowl. Just like freakin' Dairy Queen. Damn! Filet Mignon, demi glace, baby veggies and the cutest little Dutch potatoes. Ever. Chocolate. Chocolate. Chocolate. Dessert was a chocolate cup with house made vanilla bean ice cream, crisp banana wafers with milk chocolate and German chocolate mousse cake. Toe curling happiness.It was so good I had start cutting myself. And pull out my hair. Both very trendy disorders. I hadn't had Cain Cuvee in years and it's great to know it's a meritage you can stick with. It was a magical evening. Oddly none of the Biltmore staying, tattoo adorned (yes it was indeed an interesting and large fellowship), churchgoers were dining here. Rumor has it they were eating Fritos, watching reruns of Highway to Heaven and deciding if the croquet field looked like a crucifix.
5	All I can say is WOW...The architecture and design was beautiful.  The food was awesome.  The service was friendly and attentive - despite the fact that I had been traveling half the day, probably looked like hell, and should have been hidden from the general public.Yes, it was expensive but I was on vacation and celebrating a milestone birthday.This is definitely the place to splurge on yourself.  All the suggestions from our server were on the money, so if you don't know what to get, just ask!
5	WOW. OMG. LUV. BIG LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. WRIGHTS...Get yourself to Wrights' and enjoy it right now. Life is short, Wright's is amazing and you don't want to miss it. The restaurant is sublime, the architecture is stunning, even if you've never noticed the walls around you before, when you are sitting in this restaurant you will. The food is magnificent, silly good. The selection is perfect. The summer tasting menu was delicious and gave you a taste of the abilities of a staggeringly good chef and well executed kitchen. We had scallop appetizers which were so amazing in a lemon butter sauce that I questioned why I did not eat scallops in lemon butter sauce everyday. I had the tasting menu, my husband had the feature - a pork chop with veggies and potatoes. My tasting was equally homey - chicken and rice and it was earth shatteringly good. I question why I bother going into my kitchen when such simple food can be made this good, why do I bother to cook myself...which brings me to price. Watch out,  wrights' is not cheap, not value, not frugal, no, no, no. You pay full freight at Wrights. The concept of wine by the glass, not so much here. You will be paying 'bout $18 for a glass, it will be awesome and you will recognize the fact that the wine you are drinking is never sold by the glass, hence the price but it will be just about $18...the tasting menu is $25 and you can fit all 3 items on a small dinner plate- not filling up at this rate. Going full boar, my husband's meal with 3 beers, a $12 salad, a $35 main course and $12 souffle is more in line with the cost of sublime eating.  Go for it, get the second job it is all worth it !!!
3	I only experienced Wright's for dessert, but I wasn't overly impressed. The dining room is simple, really just an extension of the Biltmore lobby in architecture and decor. The service is friendly, but slow. The server showed up quickly to take our drink orders, but then it took 10 minutes before we got our waters and another 10 minutes for our server to come back to take our food order. On his recommendation, we tried the baked Alaska. It was okay - nothing special. There was way to much of the marshmallow flavored meringue, which was sickeningly sweet, and very little of the sponge cake. I might give Wright's a try for dinner or brunch someday, but I'm in no hurry after this mediocre dessert.
5	This place exceeds any expectation I ever had for brunch. The food was fresh, the service was amazing. When you eat at Wright's you get so much for your money. You will leave this place satisfied beyond belief. By far the BEST eggs benedict in all of phoenix/scottsdale. The breakfast buffet that is included with your meal was amazing. It is pricey but so worth it.
5	Fab-u-lous! The architecture is amazing and the hotel and grounds are decorated perfectly for the holidays. The food is elegant, sophisticated, and perfectly done. The brunch buffet is beautiful and flavorful with a nice variety of cold items.The brunch is pricey starting at at least $28 depending on which entree you select. The buffet is included in the price of your selected entree. The buffet on it's own is $30. Expensive, but well worth the price. It was a lovely treat for the holidays!
4	An outstanding eatery.  Exquisite Cuisine served in a truly comfortable relaxed environment by attentive servers soothed by a marvelous pianist.  The Special of the Day Halibut with a unique ratatouille sauce was wonderful.You'll have to save up for this one, though
4	Breakfast is usually my favorite meal to eat out... the only thing that I look forward to even more is the very occasional fancy-pants brunch.  I had the good fortune to be treated to an amazing meal at Wright's... and now I just need to figure out another special occasion that warrants a special outing back to the Biltmore.Our service was fantastic, as expected at the Biltmore.  Water glasses were always full, napkins nicely arranged while we were up, and plates removed quickly.  The menu is kind of interesting... you can "order" the buffet or one of their entrees (which includes the buffet.  The buffet alone is $30... but the entrees are barely more than that.  For $5-10 more, you will have one of the most amazing meals ever... PLUS the amazing array of goodies from the buffet.  Do yourself a big favor and order the Eggs Benedict.  I'm not a poached egg fan, so I always order them scrambled... and this was seriously the most perfectly created breakfast dish I've ever had... anywhere.   We also enjoyed the salmon, but were less thrilled with the lobster and scallop roll.  Honestly, I could barely eat my entree because of my over-indulgence of buffet items... so the staff kindly boxed it for me to-go.  Talk about the best take-out meal ever!  The buffet had a great assortment of cheese and antipasta, assorted salads, pastries, huge shrimp and crab legs, a tasty ceviche, a couple types of sushi and more.  The star of the show was the dessert table.  I literally tried EVERY dessert they had out (don't worry... I was sharing!)... my favorites were the coconut cream tart, molten chocolate cake, peanut butter chocolate cup, cheesecake and toffee-chocolate chip cookies.  Mmmmm... I think I may have just gotten diabetes, just from this meal alone.This is definitely a splurge place for me... and I can't wait for an occasion to return.
5	We had Brunch at the Biltmore's "Wrights" last weekend. A very interesting concept that offers both buffet and plated brunch fare. The buffet is all cold with wonderful selections like shrimp, king crab, sushi, and salmon caviar. The desserts were good and selection plentiful. Buffet is $30.  For an additional $4 to $9 you can have a plated hot meal. Hard to pass this up, we got the pork sandwich topped with poached egg. Jeff,  the steak and eggs. Both were amazing! Had we not been on vacation, there would be plenty to take home!   Beautiful setting and first class service. Wasn't sure why it wasn't packed, perhaps the season is not yet in full swing.   I feel bad for the McArthur, architect of record, loads of F.L. Wright accolades for a man who only consulted on the building.
2	Very, very disappointing. My wife and I are attending a conference at the Arizona Biltmore. Rather than joining the group for their offsite party, we opted for a quiet dinner for two at the Biltmore's flagship restaurant. It was a disaster.We decided to try the Taste of April - a three course meal $48 apiece with optional wine pairings for an additional $25 apiece. The asparagus soup was outstanding. The lobster pasta was awful - pasta at the bottom of the plate was a perfect al dente but most was very under cooked. Dessert came after about 20 minutes of waiting - a plate of 5 small pastries with assorted fillings. The pastries were tough and dry, and the fillings were not good.The wine pairings were OK - but served with no insight or explanation on the vintages being poured. The first wine was poured well ahead of the soup being delivered and a refill was not offered. The second wine was poured after we were chewing our undercooked pasta. And the third came out 10 minutes before its dessert pairing. Suffice it to say we had sauvignon blanc, chardonnay, and merlot. That's all I know.Something had to be wrong, but that is not our problem. The waiter was friendly enough, but the service was awful and the food was below subpar. To their credit, the manager comped our meal and bought us a glass of wine at the bar. His actions earned the second star.
5	Beautiful resort. Beautiful restaurant. Beautiful company.  And, of course, beautiful food.  My experience at Wright's was nothing short of perfection. Starting off with the service: attentive and professional, exactly what I would expect.  I ordered the Chef's tasting menu with wine pairings; a 3-course menu that somehow turned into 5.  The amuse was poached shrimp with a smoked corn and tomato relish, it was perfectly balanced and the smokiness of the corn complemented the sweetness of the shrimp.  Next was the asparagus soup.  I love asparagus anyway, but I LOVED this soup.  Thick and creamy, with pieces of asparagus and bacon, and a nicely poached egg sitting right on top.  The egg yolk added so much richness and depth to the dish.  Following the soup was probably my favorite dish of the night: a seared duck breast on a bed of prosciutto, tangelos, and a salad of petite greens tossed in a tangelo vinaigrette.  This dish was amazing; beautifully presented and absolutely delicious.  My entree was a heaping bowl of lobster rigatoni with green onions and English peas. Everything in the dish worked; the pasta was al dente, the lobster was rich and tender, and the sauce was delicious.  Dessert was the only disappointment of the meal, albeit a small one.  A macaroon tasting plate.  It was good, just not what I would expect from a restaurant like Wright's.  I left Wright's feeling fat, happy, and a little tipsy; everything I hope to get out of a meal when I go out.
5	Went here for a 5-course wine pairing dinner at the beginning of May. Everything was perfect, from the wines that were matched expertly to each course, to the presentation of each dish. Will never hesitate to go here the next time it is suggested. Unless you have a particular aversion to a specific dish, you will be pleased with whatever you order. One of the best meals I have ever had.
5	Very nice dining experience.  We had dinner on a Thursday night and started with the small order of the escargot cassoulet, I don't normally like escargot, but this was amazing and I wished we'd ordered the large.  Then we split a large Waldorf salad, it is made table side and it's a generous portion.  For entree's, I had the veal and crab, which was delicious while my boyfriend had the crispy redfish and he really enjoyed that.  We were too full to order dessert, but they did box up their cotton candy for us to enjoy later as well as two boxes of their delicious fresh baked bread.  We had the garlic focaccia and the chocolate cherry.
4	We came here last Sunday on Father's day for the brunch. Price is definitely worth it for the food, service and atmosphere. $25 for the buffet style for the cold items and $10 extra for the unlimited made to order small plates of 7 different hot items, drinks not included. The buffet had shrimp cocktail, 4 diff sushi rolls, assorted pastries, cheese, smoked salmon, smoked duck, caviar, varieties of desserts. I am not usually big fan of shrimp cocktail at buffet place, but theirs were really good and cooked perfect. A bit disappointed that they put all the large shrimps on top but the bottom ones hidden under the large ones were the small ones. The smoked salmon and smoked duck were awesome. Desserts were very pretty and decent but mostly too sweet to my taste. Sushi rolls were pretty good. We tried all the 7 hot plates to be shared among the 3 of us, the lamb was soooo delish that I had two orders of it and I don't usually even like the smell of lamb, but this didnt have the heavy smell. The waffle and pancakes were really good, except that I didn't quite enjoy the combination of the bacon bits on the waffle. I also loved the lobster mini sandwich. Polenta was yuck and the most raved egg benedict was not special. I didn't get to try the beef and mac n cheese, but hubby said the macncheese was good but beef was just average. We called ahead to let them know that it was also our anniversary and they would take note of it, but it didn't appear that any note was made. I know it's only brunch and not full dinner but would still appreciate a bit recognition on it, so I ended up asking the host if they could do something. So came an empty plate with chocolate writing saying Happy Anniversary on it and was told to get some dessert from the buffet to put on the plate. May be that's how they do it, I don't have complaint but was not exactly expecting an empty plate :) Overall, I would have no problem returning there for a casual upscale brunch.
4	We headed to dinner after booking a short stay at the Arizona Biltmore.  We went in with minimal expectations given we live in the bay area, however the service and food were of bay area standards.  The atmosphere is modern yet in line with the architecture of the hotel.  We started with the cold seafood platter which was fresh and delicious.  The menu is set up so that you can either order in small plate or in a traditional appetizer/entree manner.  We decided to get a couple of items as small plates which we did the steak tartare with quail egg and the Caesar salad.  Both were great.  We then split the beef wellington which was a lot of food for one person, let alone 2.  The meat was cooked perfectly and like butter.  The puff pastry was minimal but added a lot of richness.  We were quite full and were unable to tackle dessert, but the menu looked great.  I highly recommend if you are in the Phoenix area to try this place out.
5	Ate here for a meeting. They had a pre fixe three course menu, each course of which included meat & dairy components. I'm a vegan, so requested that "just a salad will be fine." I didn't expect much, because I am used to not receiving much in the way of vegan food, even from pretty nice restaurants.Wright's served a full 3 course vegan meal that was absolutely delicious. I haven't had such a good set of vegan food in a long time, possibly ever. I only wish that I had more time to dedicate my full attention to the meal.Good starter salad (fairly basic) - good rolls - excellent succotash, really to die for - and an excellent dessert. Pretty sure they have a good wine list, the red that was served at the table was very good. Plus they served key lime flavored cotton candy as a freebie at the end, awesome.Service was also great, despite that I was a bit gruff explaining that I am vegan. I would give more than 5 stars if I could.
2	I had dinner here while visiting the Biltmore, nice ambiance, on the dark side, sat at the bar and ordered the meatloaf, a big portion but a bit too sweet for my taste why they put so much ketchup in it I don't get. My salad was good, dessert totally sucked, I ordered the carrot cake and it looked like it came from a super market, what they dont realize is it should be served room temperature not out of the fridge, or it should be warmed. Still, for a five star resort the dessert was pretty sad looking and tasting...I might try this place again during another visit, but I was not impressed.
3	My boyfriend and I flew out to Phoenix so he could meet my parents. After a really nice weekend with them, we thought it would be nice for him and I to cap it off by inviting them to a lovely Sunday brunch before we headed to the airport. It just so happened that Sunday coincided with Easter. I made my Sunday brunch reservations for the four of us over Opentable.com and the week before the reservation, I received a call from the restaurant asking me to confirm the reservation. They also asked for my credit card to hold the reservation.The brunch itself was tasty and enjoyable. The service was great. But we were quick to learn upon our arrival that this was NOT the standard Sunday brunch. That for their holiday brunch, they automatically included a hot buffet, coffee, tea, and champagne for all guests. At first I thought this meant we would all have to pay $35-38 for the hot menu price.Imagine our surprise when my boyfriend received the bill and it was $430 (including tax and a pre-included gratuity)! That means brunch for each of us cost over $100, which is a far cry from the advertised $35 brunch! Shame on Wright's for not telling us about this beforehand. Why didn't they inform us that the buffet would be over 3 times the regular price for this holiday Sunday?While we enjoyed the brunch, I can't imagine we'll be back. At $110/person, this is not a good value for your money.
5	I brought my mom for a special birthday brunch because even as natives we'd never had a chance to stop by and visit this amazing property and I'm so glad we finally did.The service and food were both amazing. If you're looking for a great place to take out of town guests for brunch this is a great idea. Especially in the spring when you can set outside and really enjoy the weather and grounds. My favorite thing was that there was no waffle station or omelet bar or anything else like that. The buffet is for cold items and desserts. No hot stuff. In addition to that you can pick up "hot plates" which you order and are delivered directly to your table. I LOVE this! Also enjoy a few breakfast cocktails - you'll thank me!
5	amazing sunday brunch...  really enjoyed the lobster, jumbo shrimp and other items from the buffet but what stood out were the small plates.  for an additional $10 you can sample any of the 7 small plates cooked to order. i tried 5 items from waffles to chicken and they were 5 star worthy as were the desserts.   i stayed at the hotel the last few days and it was a perfect way to end our stay.  i spent a little more the i normally would for a brunch but this was certainly a great choice and very happy i read the other recommedations.
5	My wife took me here for my birthday. She was planning on returning to the Royal Palms (T. Cooks) that we enjoyed so much last time, but they are closed for remodeling right now. I guess everything happens for a reason. We were VERY happy with Wright's! The service, food, ambience...EVERYTHING was OUTSTANDING! We will be back!
5	Perfect.  Did I say Perfect?Perfect service.  Perfect Food.  Perfect everything.  Perfect Place.
5	Birthday celebration for my 82 year old father who loved the seafood buffet!  My mother kept getting the pancakes with blackberry curd because they were so delicious! My 60 something hubby and 20 something "kids", while admiring the sophisticated options, would have preferred some basic choices, though no complaints on the "all you can drink" $8 mimosas and the dessert buffet!
1	Stayed at the Biltmore and went here because of an American Express dining certificate.  The experience: a dirty soup spoon, sending back the soup, taking a bite of scallop that made me sick, and terminating the dining experience as a result ... If I could give "negative stars," I would.  This is a nasty, as in dirty-ass nasty, restaurant pretending to be fine dining.
5	Excellent dinner for two here last night.   Delicious Beef Wellington.  Delicious chocolate something for dessert.  Great ambiance and location.   Attentive service.  Recommended.
4	The ambiance is fantastic! Situated inside the Waldorf Astoria's Biltmore Resort, the location is perfect. There is a cold buffet that has delicious, fresh shrimp and other delicious cold seafood. Nice selection of cheese and deli meats along with a great spread of fresh bread such as buttery croissants. The freshly prepared hot items were fantastic! Our favorites were the grilled shrimp on polenta and the pancakes with warm maple syrup and a great blueberry compote. At $40/person, a very nice value.
5	Amazing brunch buffet.Somehow, between my internet searches and the time we arrived for brunch (time span: hours), the menu and pricing had been streamlined such that $39.99 got us the expansive cold item/dessert buffet, the hot small plates, and unlimited coffee/tea/juices, and an extra $8 got my husband unlimited mimosas.  The menu is always changing, and certainly some dishes are more memorable than others. For us, the hot pork tenderloin was perfect: crisp crust and tender inside. Our Wright's benedict kind of fell apart as it arrived to us but it was still tasty. The cold seafood bar was fantastic. The cold lamb bite with cous cous was alright only.  The desserts were all great, but by that time we had not paced ourselves and we were stuffed, so the desserts were kind of a blur.  Service was friendly and attentive. I would consider coming back to Phoenix just for this buffet -- what an amazing find/value!!!!
5	Sunday Brunch was perfect!!! Cold Buffet with warm individual orders that were the perfect size to order 3 or 4. Coffee was excellent as was the service. Our Server, John was there when needed and anticipated our every need. I would go back again and again, except I couldn't keep the weight off...lolHighly recommended!!!
1	Six months later, I am still disgusted.  I won't eat scallops.  Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me.
1	Six months later, I am still disgusted.  I won't eat scallops.  Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me.
3	The room was comfortable, the wait staff was friendly and attentive. However for the price the food was just ok. It was our anniversary so we expected some little treat with a candle at the end but what they brought was a plate of pink cotton candy. Holly tooth decay Batman!
5	I just love the Sunday brunch at Wrights! The $8 bottomless sparkling wine/mimosa keeps me coming back. The entree's prepared in the kitchen offer freshly prepared dishes to go with the buffet selections. Try it, you will like it too!
5	We had a great meal. We got seated near a large loud table and were moved to a quieter table without a fuss. The menu offers a varied choice. All sounded delicious. We enjoyed our choices. We splurged and went from soup to nuts, including eating the cotton candy that came with the bill. Wright's lived up to it's billing.
5	Wow! My husband and I just left the Wright Restaurant. The service was amazing and the food incredible this was our first time here and after tonight's amazing service we would definitely be back.  We celebrated My 30th birthday and the chef made the dessert extra special.  We were blessed to find this place and will definitely be back. Our server was outstanding!!!
3	Decent food and good service but way over priced fit what it was. Price fix was an ok deal; wine pairings were a steal based on normal prices and delivered via healthy tableside pour.  More of a nicer hotel restaurant than a special occasion place. Maybe this experience was bent because we went for dinner, not brunch?
5	My review may be second hand, but my source is incontestable. And that would be my wife.I booked the private dining room for her birthday, since she and her 10 closest friends would be in attendance.I simply booked and paid for the event; although, I was the ultimate beneficiary. As the saying goes, A Happy Wife is a Happy Life!From her accounts, the service was impeccable, the food was was delicious and outstanding, and the desserts were like heaven. Even those friends of hers don't normally frequent such a posh and elegant place, were pleasantly surprised by the absence of snobbiness from the wait staff.Needless to say, it was well worth $,$$$+ this venue.There may be more exciting and less formal venues out there, but when it comes to the exemplary service, the scrumptious food, and elegant atmosphere - it is worth every penny if you want to impress and gratify that significant other! It was a night to remember for her. I hope that it benefits  you and yours as well should to decide to partake of this dining establishment.
5	Best food ever, service was amazing. Definitely an experience to eat here. The chefs are fantastic they change the menu weekly so you'll never have the same experience eating here. Prefect spot for special occasions.
5	So that's a Waldorf Salad.  I like it and I am going to guess that Arizona Biltmore, a Waldorf Astoria  hotel, had the recipe right.  New menu came out last week.  Lots of Gordon Ramsey difficult entrees - like beef wellington and lobster thermador.  Friendly, happy guests and staff.  The Wrights lobby bar is also where the Tequila Sunrise was invented.Lots of architectural features within plain sight.  Good flow to the whole place.
4	Good service, very good food and a nice wine list. We'll be back.
5	Very nice Brunch service. We were treated very well and actually were given a private little table area as requested but was unexpected. Everything was fabulous and the food was very good. Tiny plates for the hot dishes but you can order more than one if you want more. Go hungry and ENJOY! This was a first time, not out last, and we walked around the grounds a bit and checked out the spa and got a tour by Jen who was AWESOME and very friendly! Just a fun day!
