3	I'd never eaten Jamaican food before - REAL Jamaican food, not my brother cooking up some plantains or Jerk chicken where the marinade came out of a bottle - so I was psyched to go.  Then - a friend of ours who is Jamaican decided to come with us as she missed Jamaican food.  They did a great job at drinks. Lots of Jamaican sodas that sounded exotic and possibly a bit scary.  No iced tea (Can ya believe it??  Threw me off!) but they have Fruit Punch and Lemonade for us scardy cats.  The place is tiny.  I think there were 3 booths and a table when you first walk in, and then the pseudo room on the side has about 4 other small tables.  It could be tough to bring a group of more than 4.Our group of 4 tried the Curry and the Jerk Chicken.  About $10 each which was ok for lunch.  Their other seafood options were a bit more $12-15.  The main entree dish came with rice, vegetables and fried plantain.  It was good.  But... not great.  Our Jamaican friend was not pleased.  It just didn't seem right to her.  And our friend who normally can't eat spicy food thought nothing of the Jerk Chicken. Wasn't spicy at all w/ almost no "kick".  We discussed that it may have just been over-Americanized but we had heard such great reviews about the place including how authentic it was - so we were a bit disappointed.  Great tiny place.  Very independently owned.  We're going to go back one of these days and try a seafood dish hoping it will be a bit more authentic. For those interested in trying something different - it's definitely worth a shot.  For those looking for an authentic experience well,...it will get you closer than Applebees.UPDATE 11/12/07: Psst! They moved!  Still on Broadway, but a bit more West.  Not sure of the address yet (thought it took the place of a pizza/wings/sandwich place I was starting to like and about to yelp about...) but this spot will provide quite a bit more seating.  Not upscale by any means, but absolutely a step up!
2	Good, but dirty.It was very small and it was quite dirty looking inside.I love Jamaican food - but this wasn't clean.  Want good Jamaican food?  Go to another city.
4	My girlfriend and I went on a mission for chicken and waffles at Lo-Lo's -- but a 40 minute wait outside in 110 degree weather just didn't suit me. So, we headed down the road and found ourselves at Ires --First - make sure you bring cash - no plastic allowed here. I had to brave crossing Broadway in South Phoenix to use an ATM across the street. We ordered Jerk Chicken, Curry Chicken, a beef meat pie, chicken meat pie, a ginger beer and a mango juice. The total was $30 - which I thought was a bit much until I saw the size of the portions. This is easily 2 meals worth for me, maybe 3 for my girlfriend.This is no-frills, authentic Jamaican food. The plate was piled high with super spicy (the way it should be) Jerk Chicken. This is not for the faint of heart - the chicken had just been hacked up, no attention given to looking nice or avoiding bone fragments. But, this is the way it should be - after all, this is authentic Jamaican food in the heart of South Phoenix. If you want fancy food, make a reservation at some theme restaurant in Scottsdale. But, lets be clear -- this was damn good food. Hearty, fresh and spicy. The meat pies are the best I've ever had. If you go, have a ginger beer - its sooo tasty! The mango juice was delicious as well, seemed fresh and may have had a little seasoning/spices added to it. Was the best I've ever had, and simply doesn't compare to what you'll get from Dole or Tropicana. There were a number of Jamaicans hanging out in the place, in and out of the kitchen. Everyone was incredibly friendly and waited on us with pleasure. There are 3 pinball machines along the back wall and at least a dozen Bob Marley posters scattered along the walls.  Some of the other reviewers said it was dirty -- I wouldn't say that at all -- the place just had character. It fits in well with its S. Phoenix neighborhood. If you want white table cloths, again - Scottsdale, not South Phoenix.  Overall - I dig this place. Friendly people, really good food, charm, and HUGE portions. It may seem a bit pricey at first, but trust me you get every pennies worth.
5	I went to irie's a few weeks ago and got the jerk chicken and dumplings.  It was AMAZING.  I love how spicy the chicken was (they did ask, so you can get it not as spicy).  The prices were not bad and the place is very clean.  The service was good, if you don't know what to get, they will help you pick something out.  I can't wait to go back!
2	4 stars for the flavorful Jerked chicken, veggies, and beans over rice (see photo above, taken sometime in May '08).  2-star deduction caused by my witnessing a young adult male, dressed in athletic clothes, who reeked of body odor, enter the front entrance and then proceeded to enter the kitchen area to grab food for him and his companions.  As if it wasn't enough I had to bat flies away from my table.   (But then again, for a certain number of weeks out of a year, it's hard to keep flies away ANYWHERE.  Just visit the EDR where I work!)I shall NOT return!
3	So, as I am on a quest to try all the Caribbean restaurants in phoenix, I went to find Irie Jamaica Restaurant today since I was off. I guess they've moved a ways down the street to 2010 E Broadway since there is another creole/caribbean restaurant in the place it used to be. Anyway, the parking at this place is behind the building and it's not paved, so I drove behind the building to park and there was a group of guys just standing back there hanging out. I was almost afraid to get out of the car, but I did anyway and went around to the front to go inside. The place was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon, there was just the owner's kids sitting watching TV. The lady at the counter was not very friendly, which is what warranted the three stars instead of the four stars I would have given them since the food was really good. I had the curry goat (my favorite) which came with cooked cabbage and rice and peas, and a beef meat pattie. The portion was HUGE! Enough for two meals. The goat meat was tender and flavorful, like I said, had the woman at the counter been a bit more pleasant I would have given it a four to four and a half stars. I would probably go back to this place, I want to try the brown chicken stew!!!
1	out of business
5	If you've been to Jamaica and enjoyed the food, then this place is a MUST GO!!!  The food was great and even though the place is kinda hard to find (On Broadway b/w 16th and 24th), all you have to do is give them a call and they'll direct you.  They are cash only as some other yelpers have mentioned but I did not find the place dirty like some of the other yelpers.  Bottom line, if you're craving some real island flavor  and you love Jamaica like I do....Irie Jamaican Cafe is definitely IRIE!!!
4	I really liked this place. It was clean, comfortable, and gooood. The only thing I do not like is the cash only and the $ can get expensive. I asked if I could try a couple of different things, so she made me a 2 meat combo. Basically two meals.... lol I had the Jerk Chicken and the Brown Stew with chicken. Rice and a lemonade. 16 bucks... lol There was enough food for 2 regular eaters and it was all excellent. They do not pick the meat off the bone so it looks like so much more then what you get. The discard pile was rather large. Not good for little kids. The girl who was there appeared to be a sister or daughter, and sang religious song while I ate. It was kinda cool. She was kind and checked in on me a few times willing to answer some questions but not as chatty as I had hoped. (I was the only person in there)
1	Chef went to Jail. Restauranr out of business.
4	Is this place still open? I would really love to go there.
