5	This is a great salon and I miss them now that I've moved away!I started going to Jessica for my nails and pedicures almost 4 years ago, and when she moved to this salon, I followed her without hesitation.  She is by far the best nail technician I've ever been to.  She is VERY detail-oriented and thorough and my nails and toes always looked great.  She does hand-filing of the artificial nails - which is labor-intensive but yields much better results (and is better for your nails).  They use great brand-name products and the polish always lasts a LONG time. The pedicures are great too - they use a great salt scrub and masque on your feet/calves and I always feel refreshed after a pedicure.  The massage chair while soaking is a great plus too.I've had my hair done by both Chelsea and Melissa, and they are both great with the color and the haircut (I have curly hair).  Both of them listened to me and consulted on the style.  They would both make suggestions (which I usually let them do), but I knew if I told them "No", that they would respect that it's my hair and do what I wanted them to.Everyone in the salon (staff and customers) are really friendly and I got to know a lot of them over the 2+ years I was going there.  I recently moved to Boston and I miss them all a lot.  I'm struggling now to find the right salon for me here, so I really appreciate what a great group they are at Salon Bella Mia!!
1	I bought a Groupon for this place, but have yet to use it since every time I have called (during regular business hours) no one has picked up the phone! I even left a message, but no one has returned my call.Impossible to make an appointment!!
5	If you're looking for a salon that provides you with amazing service and an amazing cut, all at reasonable prices, then this is the one for you.The interior is very chic and modern, a direct reflection of the type of hairstyles this salon offers. The types of cuts changes with the seasons, catering to accommodate current weather and trends. So you'll always be guaranteed that you'll be rocking one of the latest styles out there. Plus, there's also a mini nail station that offers all the services you'd expect from your standard nail salon.My go-to stylist is Robert. He is one of the sweetest people I've ever met. He's extremely easy to talk to and also very talented. Let him know what and how you want you hair styled, and Robert will do exactly that. Or if you're feeling adventurous, you can tell him a general guideline of what sort of cut you want and let him unleash his creativity on you. That was the route I went with on my first visit, and I was not disappointed. So if you're looking for a salon with a lively and friendly staff who provides exceptional service, then this is definitely the place for you.
2	I had an appt scheduled online. I arrived ten min late for mini pedi and gel mani but I called to let them know. Jessica was still finishing someone until 30 min after my scheduled appt anyway.  I was ready to walk out before anyone bothered to tell me it wouldn't be much longer. There were few polish selections on disorganized shelf. She had me soak off old gel in bowl resting awkwardly on my lap instead of cotton and foil while she started pedi.  She seemed exhausted and it definitely shows in the final product. I had to remind her to use cuticle gel on one foot and no pumas stone on either. Polish is on thick. For the mani, she used a coarse file to take off old get instead of scraping with stick. My nails are totally shot now. And after all the soaking in acetone, she didn't use cuticle gel or water soak, just clipped dry hard cuticles. She said water or cuticle gel makes gel polish peel off....NOT TRUE. The gel polish is also on thick and my cuticles are all dry and jagged. She didn't even wash the file dust off my hands before polishing. I'll be surprised if this lasts a week.The owner seems really gruff from how I saw her interact with others. She pretty much ignored me while I sat wondering when my appt would start. No offer of beverage or snacks. No apology. I also got to watch another male stylist have a tantrum about how their online scheduling system works. He was blaming the client. The owner called the client for him. Well, turns out he entered it incorrectly himself, but was still blaming some other employee. This all played out right in front of me. No discretion. I will definitely not be back.
