5	If you need a good realtor... Ask for Sandy Croteau! We had the most stressful house-search ever. My husband was overseas, and I was out of state, and Sandy made everything a thousand times better compared to the previous 2 realtors we had. She answered any questions I had, and emailed me listings on a daily basis. When we both got to Vegas, she did anything and everything she could to meet with us and show us houses. We were able to find our house within a week and a half of being in Vegas. When we would drive from house to house, she would tell us about the area, inform us of any events or anything going on and future plans of the area. She very knowledgable and honest and didn't try to sugar-coat anything. If a house was horrible and she knew it would cost alot of money to fix, she'd tell us straight up.... "No, this house is gonna cost too much to fix up and appraisal inspection wont pass, so lets just move on to the next one." I loved that she was just so blunt and straight forward. We were having issues with our house taking a long time to close... part of the reason was because of the holidays, and another part was because of the appraisal results and lenders. We had a family emergency that we had to fly home for and she still took care of everything while we were away. She'd contact me when anything came up, and email everything to me so we could just sign and fax stuff back to save time vs waiting for us to be back in town, knowing that we wanted the house ASAP. When we got home, another issue came up, and she wasn't afraid to give ANYONE a piece of her mind! Thanks to that piece of her mind, we closed the next day ;) I met her at our new house the day we closed to get the keys and she showed up with flowers :) She went above and beyond for us, and I cant even begin to express how thankful we are for her hard work. I've been recommending her to everyone I know, because I know she's the best! and she's not like the other realtors. When you ask about the area, or what area is good or bad... she'll tell you "I wouldn't live here" or "crime rates are low/high" or whatever you ask, she'll have an answer. She called us 2-3 months later to check up on us and see how the house was going, and offered us advice on landscaping ideas. Now, thats a realtor that really cares. :)
4	Well my wife and I dealt with Erin Omally. She was very nice and got all of the houses we wanted to look at in a timely manner.She was also very knowledgeable in all aspects of buying a home and the steps involved! Overall she was a great Realtor and we would defiantly buy another home with her help!
5	I used Coldwell Banker to sell my home and buy a new one. My agent was Karen Gilmore. I could not have asked for a better company to work with during this process. I have a demanding schedule and Karen was willing to work odd hours and weekends to get the job done. If you're serious about selling or buying I fully recommend Karen Gilmore and the Coldwell Banker team.David Butts Las Vegas NV
1	Our Coldwell Realtor, Jazmin Penaloza, was wildly inexperienced and completely wasted our time and money spent on a trip to Vegas ($700 trip for me, $600 trip for my father) to look at properties.  I own four properties; two in California, one in Hawaii and one in Las Vegas... I've worked with many, many realtors and, to date, I've never seen one so utterly incompetent - like, how in the world is she even in this business, she was so bad.  It was like someone "playing" or "pretending" to be a realtor for a day.    Long story short; My parents are/were looking for a condo in the Las Vegas area around $65,000, and they have cash for it, they're highly motivated and ready to jump on something.  Should be easy, right?  Nope.  Obviously this would be smaller commission than a bigger house (being a $65K budget) and I feared that we'd get a bottom tier realtor.  We compiled a list of properties leading up to the trip... all of which were forwarded to the original realtor.  However, that realtor had to go out of town so she said she'd find us a "great" realtor who was very "competent" to handle it.  The goal was to look for properties all day Monday and possibly Tuesday... have offers in by Tuesday, negotiate Wednesday... fly out Thursday.  The list of properties we found were forwarded to Jazmin, as a guide to what they were looking for, and she was supposed to compile a list as well, enough to fill up two days of looking. The plan was to meet up Monday morning at my dad's hotel but to confirm where/when Sunday night.  She never called.  No call in the morning, my dad had to call her.  When he got a hold of her, she never said what car she'd be in or asked what we looked like... so how would any of us know what to look for?  She shows up with her boyfriend driving her. Huh? What, she's scared of a 66 year old man? The boyfriend was great though (I wish he was the realtor, actually).  So, we go over the game plan.  She only pulled info on just the properties that WE pulled!! We're like, really, that's it? She said something like the ones she pulled got lost when he computer crashed.  So we started looking around 9am at the first property. Of course, some issue with a mistaken unit number or something so we left there and went to another complex and saw four.  So we're sitting in the car around 10:45am and she's kinda like, "Okay... so that's about all we have for the day."  My dad is kind of a pushover so I spoke up, 'kindly' saying, "We really need to see more than four units to make a day of it, they need to get offers in as he's flying out Thursday morning."  She didn't have anything else.  I quickly found some on Redfin to check out.  You could tell she just kinda wanted to call it a day, making a comment like people in Vegas don't like to work on Mondays.  We saw a couple more then circled back and got into the first unit.  We were done around 2pm.  Not a full day. They liked three properties and she said to meet at the offices in the morning (which are WAY NW of the Vegas).  We show up and she's asking us what we should offer.  Again, she's asking US what we should offer.  #1 - We're not realtors, we don't know the 'wiggle room' of Las Vegas.  #2 - With ending Monday early, why didn't she go back to the office Monday night and research then!?  Prep the paperwork that night!!  So, I had her pull up the comps and, based on that, I said, "Feel them out with a verbal $55K offer on the one listed for $64K, so we can start the back and forth."  After a while, she comes back, "That wasn't enough."  I know, you didn't ask why they wanted!?  She didn't want to fight for it, wanting to move onto the second property.  We checked the comps, my dad wanted to lowball at $60K for a $72K unit that needed a LOT of work.  Again, this paperwork should have been done Monday night but, instead, we were sitting there as she was figuring out how to print it up and said to come back, we got a call 1.5 hours later to come back.  We come back and there's her boss (?) saying he was going to "sit in."  Huh?  Apparently he was going to "walk her through it," not just "sit in."  He told Jazmin to make a cover letter telling the seller that we want a counter offer if this number wasn't good.  She said she 'hinted' to the listing agent about that on the phone. Hinted!?  She forgot various things like typing in the unit number on the contract.  He's holding her hand every step of the way, "What Jazmin wants to ask you is..."  Wtf is this?  Like, he says, "Due diligence period... Jazmin?" Jazmin says; "Due diligence... (reads the paperwork)."  My dad can read the paperwork, wow.  The bottom line is that she did the bare minimum possible, she wasn't aggressive in closing the deal or negotiating the closing. Just kinda "Eh', they didn't like the offer." Well, FIND OUT WHAT THEY WANT!! Leverage for us.  Never followed up, never let us know anything.  No word on the $60K offer. Wasted everyone's vacation time and money.
1	I'm tempted to write a long review about how bad this company is, but I think I've already wasted enough time with them. AVOIDSome highlights of my experience with "Lydia":1. Realtor waited until the day I arrived in Vegas to tell me she refuses to show me the property I'm interested in unless I come to the office first to look at other properties. 2. Realtor gave me the incorrect address for the office3. Realtor chastised me for being "fixated" on one property4. Tried to talk to someone regarding investing in short term property rentals, no one in this office has heard of AirBNB, lolUnprofessional garbage. Nothing gets me more irritated than Agents who still think they are blowing your fucking mind by showing you properties on their computer, the same properties you have already seen on your computer days ago, because we live in the information age. Someone needs to put these old goats out to pasture. I already wasted my time, you shouldn't have to waste yours.
5	I have worked with Rob Pistone and his assistant Liz in a B2B fashion for the past 18 months, on a monthly basis. They have repeatedly been pleasant to deal with, professional and have fostered a positive business relationship. Although most of our interaction is via phone and email from a distance, I was pleased to see from an in-person visit several months ago that they treat people the same positive way in Rob's Coldwell Banker office in Las Vegas as well. I recognize that despite the fact that the Real Estate business community is one that has mostly very well-intentioned people, unfortunately there are always a minority of companies and agents that are not diligent about the work they do or how they treat customers. My experience has been that Rob Pistone and his assistant Liz have demonstrated a consistent focus and priority towards paying attention to how they treat people and definitely care about what their reputation is with customers and potential customers.I would encourage anyone seeking to do business with a dependable and reputable Real Estate listing agent to put Rob and Coldwell Banker Premier Realty on a short list to call and consider before making a decision. I trust the reputation of my business to be tied to him and expect a positive relationship to continue. Thanks for being such a steady and positive partner Rob. Your guys are great!
