5	"The United States Constitution and the Arizona State Constitution guarantee the right to trial by jury. All Maricopa County residents are obligated by state law to serve as a juror unless they are under the age of 18, not a citizen, do not possess sufficient knowledge of the English language, and/or have been convicted of a felony and their civil rights have not been restored...."     -  Jury Services Home Page, SCAZMCYou may be asking, "Why in the world would this guy give THIS place five stars."  I can ask myself the same questions.  I've found myself standing before judges, for judgment at least twice, been called dumb (rightly so in that instance) by The State (DPS officer in another state), etc.I've been called for jury duty several times in two states.  Every time I get into the process I am grateful to live in a place on earth where a person or people accused of violating The State's rules of Civil behavior can be judged guilty or innocent by a group of people, guided by a Judge; not by a king, duke or prince, a dictator, angry mob, or a general who might bill my family for the bullet.  Jury duty is a place We the People can feel and see our system of governance working.   A way of sitting in on the creation of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution.  So's voting.  You can be sure you register to vote here too.  That's the shining ideal.  I respect and love it.  We know when the idea is exercised shining ideals get tarnished.  That's the nature of humans, power and justice at this point in history.  Generally speaking, the legal system of this nation works.  Over recent past decades its begun working better for every American.  'For me the juror, the most amazing thing about the Superior Court of Arizona in Maricopa County is the new building.  During past calls to jury duty, I've sat hours in dingey brown rooms with uncomfortable, worn out, or both seating.  When you arrive for jury duty here it is state of the art in a well designed setting.  You're checked in through a computer kiosk, issued a badge via printer and can walk to either a large break or group seating area.The break room's got a few tables set up for laptop or tablet workstations.  There's a coffee service and small cinnamon rolls.  There are several large flat panels throughout the area with some kind of media playing.   The main waiting hall has comfy seating, and again, a medley of monitors.  These monitors have different content.  They run a series of informational programs explaining the judicial system, the individual's role as a juror, and display information for people called to various jury panels.  Another video details Arizona's exemplary system of selecting judges and assuring they are fit for duty.  If you choose, you can watch them before you come in for jury duty.  They play from the Jury Services Home Page.   Jury duty may seem like a pain.  But if you're going to be part of the legal process and called to duty, there's no better place to serve in the 21st century than at the Superior Court of Arizona in Maricopa County.    I expect there may be flames from this post....
3	The building serves the purpose, however I'm still not crazy about taking off my belt when the Federal Court house doesn't require me to do so.
4	I would have to agree with the first reviewer! I haven't been summoned in 18 months and my have things changed since! Jury duty was in a different building this time around and I was impressed! The check in process was high tech. The gathering room was HUGE and clean with big screen TVs all over. It reminded me of a very clean airport. I didn't get a chance to wander into all the bells and whistles they had to offer, such as the cafeteria or the quiet room, but it has definitely changed my outlook for the next summons.
3	So........my wife is super involved in following the Jodi Arias trial.  We were on vacation and she wanted to see if we could get into the courtroom.  Sure enough...we did.  Here is a quick rundown of how things shook out..........Parking-  We parked about a block away in a lot that is titled "All day court parking $5.00".  Paid the 5 bucks and then walked towards the court.  On the way there, all of the news vans and such were parked along the street.  Cameramen and reporters were sitting outside the courthouse.The actual courthouse-  You walk through the doors and have to go through a metal detector and empty your pockets and such.  Did that and then proceeded upstairs.  Just in case anyone else wants to know, the courtroom where the Jodi Arias trial is going on is in courtroom 5C.  So 5th floor up on the elevator.Once we got up there, there were a few people waiting outside in the lobby.  They were waiting their place in line to see if they could go in and get a seat. They have a court escort?? guy who lets you in and tells you where to sit.  Since this is such a high profile case you can't just walk in and sit down.  It fills up fast.  And unless someone leaves during the day, you might not get in.  We waited for a bit and then we saw a few people leave.  The court escort guy came and got 3 people.  There were 3 of us left and at around 3:30 they had room for 2 more.  My wife and some other guy who was waiting there got to go in.  I waited outside for about 20 more minutes and then they said I could go in.  They have the media/family members of the victim on the left and the general public/defenses family on the right.  Took my seat and watched some of the hearing.   Pretty boring if you ask me ;-).  My wife loved it though and we were both within 20 feet of Jodi Arias....that crazy lady ;-).  Anyways.......sat there for about an hour until they dismissed the jury and stopped the session for today.It was cool to see the inside of a Phoenix Courtroom.  The chairs were pretty comfy too!  I would highly recommend this place if you want to see a crazy lady up close (Jodi Arias) and be surrounded by other crazy ladies who are following this trial.  (Excluding my wife....shes crazy in her own way, but not as weird/crazy as some of the people I sat next to in the gallery lol).  Anyways......... It was an experience to say the least.
4	Jury duty room is quite nice with lots (10+) tvs to keep you entertained while you wait.
4	Having been to a lot of courthouses back East as part of my job, this was the first courthouse I had been to since moving to Arizona. The courthouse itself is a more modern building. The jury pool waiting room (which I didn't get to spend much time in as I was quickly called for jury selection) was large with lots of seating and tv monitors. Half the room had sports and the other half had hgtv. There was also a break room and a room to use your laptop or whatever. There is free WiFi. There is also a cafeteria and a little shop on site. Though you have to go through security again if you go to them. If you are summoned for jury duty, there is free a parking garage a few blocks away with a shuttle running every 15 minutes. The garage is located at 8th avenue and Jefferson. The guards do confirm that you are part of a jury or jury selection. Overall, it was a pleasant experience.
1	I was a juror at one point and had an awful experience with the lengthy trial fund. That is for those of us who have jobs, that way we don't lose income. I lost income anyway because I basically had to jump through hoops to get paid and my employer had to send them like a thousand letters which "Mary" would claim she never got. No letter, no pay. Which is bull. My first two real checks took me over a month to get each of them. My mom had to pay my bills since "Mary" and whoever else runs the trial fund wouldn't do their job. I complained numerous times to them. But they made up the rules as they went. Every time I would do what they asked of me to get paid they would come back with a new rule so wouldn't accept what I did. It got so bad to the point where I had to go to my bailiff and tell him if I don't start getting paid then I need to be excused and go back to work. Once I got my bailiff up on what was happening he stepped up and tried to help me as much as he could. He informed me I should be getting a check every week like everyone else and was shocked to hear that I was hardly getting checks. The other jurors would, but not me. And every time I went to talk to someone about it they had some stupid excuse every time. I even got into a voice raising match with one woman who says one of the reasons I haven't received a check was because they accidentally excused me as a juror and things got screwed up. Which she acted like was no big deal and not really their fault. When I complained to her about this mess up being THEIR fault she stated that they accidentally excuse jurors all the time. So I have to pay because you guys screw up? UGH! Not only that, but when they would finally agree to pay what they owed me "Mary" would state the check was In the mail. Then again I would never receive it. One day I went to ask about my check and they told me my name wasn't even on the list to pick one up! What?! And to this day, not even a juror anymore, and I STILL have issues. Im owed one more check, and weeks later its still not here. I sincerely hate what I went through with this stupid fund. I liked being a juror, but I would have liked it even more if I would have gotten paid like im supposed to. And if I didn't have to do tricks for Mary just to get paid. I haven't disliked someone like this in a long time but I seriously dislike Mary and the others who I asked to help me and wouldn't. I will never do jury service again as I will not make my mom pay my bills for me again because of it. Bunch of bullshit I went through and still am going through.
4	Like all other Yelpers reviewing the courthouse, I came here because I was summoned for jury duty. However, as a recent law school grad, I have been to MANY a courthouse across Arizona, California and Maryland. I can say without a doubt this is the NICEST courthouse in the country. The courthouse itself has won many awards for its innovative modern design. The system is fully electronic and that includes the jury process. Juror checkin is simple and done via an electronic kiosk. The juror waiting room is large, modern and clean. Another yelper hit the nail on the head by describing it as a really nice airport. Be sure to walk around the whole room before picking a seat. There is a quiet room, kitchenette, business area and the TV's play different networks in the different rooms. They also offer free wifi, coffee and cinnamon rolls. Here's where they lost a star with me... They put RAISINS in the cinnamon rolls! Who does that?! Ugh. Otherwise, jury duty was great here.
