5	The main water line from the meter to the house was leaking. Called MC Plumbing on a friend's recommendation. Jose was here in less than an hour and gave an honest evaluation of the situation. While some may consider it "up selling," I found Jose to be honest and frank about the repair options. Having been a mechanic, I know the value of doing a job one time and doing it correctly and well. Jose and his crew arrived the next morning as promised and did the job correctly, well, and with good humor in the 105 degree heat. They also corrected existing issues that existed from when the house was built and when the water softener was installed 20 years ago; no additional charge. If all their plumbers are as professional as Jose and his crew, I would recommend them to anyone and every one. Thanks for a job done well and as promised.
5	#1 like: they come and give estimate w/o a service charge#2 like: they have stuck to estimate both times I have used them#3 like: they arrived on time#4 like: Jose is a great guy and does excellent work#5 like: i now have an honest plumbing co. to use
5	There was a problem with my back and front yards and they were flooding. I called Scott in a bit of a panic and he sent out an awesome guy right away, I think his name was Jose, he explained the system I had to me. Turned off the water so that it wouldn't continue to flood and was extremely nice. I'll definitely be calling them in the future for any plumbing needs. Thanks y'all!!
5	With company coming tomorrow, our puppy chewed through the hose connecting the water supply to the toilet in our guest bathroom.  We rushed to Lowe's to buy a new connector and found we could not get the old connector to unscrew.  So next option, duct tape! Not a success!  I jumped on Angie's list and found MC Plumbing.  I called and explained the problem.  The gentleman said someone would give me a call to coordinate soon. Jose called in less than an hour and said he could be at my house in 15 minutes.  Jose was very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I learned the valve and hose we had installed were a one piece design.  Jose got right to work and replaced the entire valve and tubing assembly in less than 30 minutes.  We might have been able to find someone to do the job cheaper but the quick response and job well done were well worth it to me.
5	This company is fabulous.  I've had Jose out to the house twice.  He's honest with no B.S. or hard sell tactics, and the prices they quote over the phone are just what they should be.  I called the owner Scott to tell him how much I enjoyed my experience with MC Plumbing and found him to be a guy with a simple business approach: Do good work for the right price, and success will follow.  Amen
4	Water heater started leaking profusely. Called MC. Jose showed up on time and offered clear information and replaced the water heater for their advertised price. He tried to up sell us on mold inspection but was not too hard of a sell. I will call them for all future pluming needs! Thank you, Jose!!!!
5	So glad I found them on yelp!  Great service, honest and polite!  The quote was more then fair.  Customer for life!
5	I noticed a water leak when I was taking out the garbage and started to panic. I read reviews on yelp and called mc.. Jose came to the house within 45 minutes and was able to find the leak and fix it within 20 minutes...simply amazing!!!!! Fast affordable and polite, it's refreshing to know that there is honest and fair company's doing business in the las vegas summerlin area. If you need help call mc and ask for jose!
4	So far so good.  My water heater sprung a leak so like so many other homeowners I had to get it replaced.  Looked up MC Plumbing here on Yelp and saw that they had good reviews.  Called them and they sent Saul right over. It took a while because I didn't know what size water heater I had, but he seems to have done a good job.  No upselling. If it explodes through my roof a la Mythbusters then I'll change my review though :).  I plan to use MC Plumbing in the future.
5	Water heater pilot light was constantly going out, called MC Plumbing and got a same day service call (no charge).  Adrian showed up on time and provide excellent service on my warranty repair.  Will use MC Plumbing again and will recommend them to friends.
