4	This is my favorite Italian market in Pittsburgh.  I buy food from here almost every week.  It doesn't have the crazy selection (or crazy crowd) of Penn Mac, but what it does have is a serviceable meat and cheese counter, a good range of olive oils, a few different brands of canned tomatoes, nice pepperoni, and a tiny little produce section which is heavy on the peppers.  I usually get my pasta from here rather than Penn Mac.  They have a few different choices of brand, all of them decent, and you don't have to fight a hundred out-of-towners if you want something.  The people are friendly, and if you stop in frequently, they remember you (Penn Mac and a lot of the other stores are just too crowded for the level of fussing-over that you'll get here).  Jimmy (the guy with the cigar permanently ensconced in his mouth) also makes fabulous pepperoni rolls and sandwiches.  We like to eat lunch here as a break during our grocery shopping.  During the warmer seasons, you should sit at the outside tables and people-watch, because you will see and hear some truly hilarious stuff (this is the place where I heard the guy from Hermanowski's corner store chatting with the nun selling raffle tickets about another nun, Sister Dominica or something similar, who had won $50 on the scratch-off lotto and blown it all on more scratch-off tickets).  There's also an upstairs dining room for when it gets colder out, though.
1	Completely agree with Deborah: decent sandwich on absolutely horrible bread - mealy tomato and brown lettuce, too.  I know it was only $4/$7 for a 6"/12" sub, but it was pretty bad.  (I bought a 12", intending to take half home for later, but I wound up throwing the second half away, and I NEVER throw away food.)  As a Italian grocery, it seems okay, but the attitudes are a little snippy, and it's a pretty grungy-looking place.
4	I'm a fan of the prices - normally, specialty Italian stores are ridiculously overpriced. Not this store. Reasonable, fresh meat, cheese, and olives (great kalamata olives! i stocked up). As for the pepperoni roll, it was a decent, filling meal - the bread was chewy and fresh.
4	This place has the most heavenly smell!The pepperoni bread is an absolute must.  I was disappointed that there was no jalapeno bread left, but what can I do?  The prices are fantastic.  $5 for a full loaf of pepperoni bread, in NYC that's easily $8 to $12.  I will stop here before going home every time.
5	$3.00 fresh baked Italian loaf, need I say more.  The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.  They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!
1	Maybe it's nostalgia for the cigar but I thought he looked ridiculous. He bragged about a $4 pepperoni roll. There's a reason it cost that, because it wasn't very good. The sauce was disappointing. I wouldn't come here for anything.
4	I was treated extra special today at Jimmy & Nino Sunseri's in the StripThank you so much, I feel great!
5	I always had a good experience eating here for lunch.  Yea it is a bit run down, but name some in the strip that aren't?  They have $5.00 lunch specials and Jimmy was always very nice and the huge stogies in his mouth just took me back.  Funny.. Highly recommend.
4	I need to indulge myself on the rest of this establishment but review is limited to the bread they sell on the street.  On a crowded street you will find a very funny bread-salesmen gunning for your attention to be focused on the racks of bread loafs behind him.  Well sir, you are in fact an excellent and carney-esque salesman but you need not do much.  The aroma emanating from the bread itself on a busy street is enough.  Goodness is the smell of freshly baked bread amazing.  And this place has a few standard options and some excellent "different" options.  The cheesey jalapeno bread was incredibly delicious.  However, my favorite selection of the day was the freshly dressed (I want to say with some fresh tomato sauce and basil) toasted  bread.  WOW!
4	I have stopped by here 3 times within the past 2 months, each time with my fiance.  The first time that we stopped was on a Sunday morning when the cart came into view with all of its nice looking breads.  I have walked by the cart and store many times before without really stopping to check it out.  That day we decided to though since I was hungry and did not want a full meal and boy am I glad that we did.  Originally I was just going to get one of the loaves of bread to have a bit then and save for later but then I noticed some true french bread pizza (aka pizza toppings on top of a slice of french bread) which I ended up getting.  While I was ordering that my fiance noticed some Sfogliatelle and she ended up ordering one of those as well.  I think the total cost was $3 and Jimmy told us the story of how the sfogliatelle was created while chomping on his cigar.  Both of our items were good and both my fiance and I were espcially impressed with the sfogliatelle.  It had a lot more filling than we are used to getting as well as a more orangy flavor which made it extra good.  Honeslty she was just happy to find a good Sfogliatelle in Pittsburgh.  She is Italian and is used to getting them with some family members at some Italian bakeries in NYC.  The second time that we came here was once again at the cart on a Sunday when Jimmy enticed us with sfogliatelle that was fresh out of the oven and still warm.  Finally the last time that we came was on a Saturday and so the whole store was open, not just the cart.  It was interesting to look around inside and see everything that I had been missing by walking past it all of these years. There were a number of display cases with a ton of baked goods in each of them and it also looked like they served a bunch of different lunch type items like sandwiches to go.  Jimmy once again waited on us and as always was super friendly and told us some stories that we enjoyed.  We ended up leaving this time with not only sfogliatelle for my fiance but also for her parents.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.  Everything that I have ever ordered here has been good and it is always fun to talk with Jimmy!
4	Don't go if you want a nice dining environment.  To say the furnishings in the dining area are spartan would be an understatement.But, the food is fantastic.  Fresh made, fairly priced, and delicious.  Get a dessert cookie or cannoli to round out your lunch.  I hit this place every time I'm in Pittsburgh.  Everyone hears about Primanti's (which is good, dont get me wrong), but this place is every bit as good.
1	The italian coldcut sub was a travesty! Lots of STALE bread with skimpy meat portions, and no hots or flavor. Bread better suited for pigeons than people. I can find better Italian sandwiches back home in Baltimore. We'll feed these to our dogs when we get home.  You get what you pay for. Avoid this tourist trap!
4	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part X(For Part IX, go to: http://www.yelp.com/biz/stamoolis-brothers-company-pittsburgh?hrid=8hA8rRHss2PRlroWujzT_Q)The Sunseri name is famous in Pittsburgh, and although their small alcove of Italian meats and bread is one of the smaller storefronts in the Strip, their pepperoni bread is melt in your mouth, filled with great mozzarella cheese.  I grabbed a loaf and we picked at it while we walked around.  My mom and I inhaled half of it without blinking an eye.If you are going to get a loaf of Sunseri's pepperoni bread, I would suggest not doing it on an empty stomach.(For Part XI, go to: http://www.yelp.com/biz/primanti-brothers-pittsburgh?hrid=k97SGRvnhBMrHzqofs1WNg)
