4	The Desert Oasis is the counterpart restaurant for The Artichoke Grill at Scottsdale Community College.  While The Artichoke Grill is open in the daytime, The Desert Oasis is open with a prix-fixe menu for dinner.  The menu changes every few weeks, and you have at least 2 choices for appetizer, salad, soup, entree, and dessert to choose from, for a little over $20 per person, including tax and tip.  I went with some friends that are big fans of the restaurant, and generally everything was very well prepared.  My appetizer was a nut-crusted sea bass with crab claw.  The crab claw and sea bass were cooked perfectly, with a lot of flavor.  I tried the wild mushroom soup, which I thought was missing one more ingredient to give it an extra depth of flavor.  In addition, the mushrooms in the soup had a rubbery texture, and not much taste.  I tried the elk osso buco entree, which was slow cooked with white northern beans and vegetables.  The broth was very nice and the elk was fall off the bone tender, and tasted a lot like beef.  Drinks are an additional charge, and to save on bartender fees, etc. all drinks are non-alcoholic.  They do offer a decent non-alcoholic sangria (albeit a bit dry), and faux champagne which tastes a lot better than it sounds.  They have a very wide selection of teas to choose from, and if you ask, they will bring out the tea chest to show you the different blended varieties in glass jars.  Generally, the quality of food is very good for the price, and you get a lot of food for your meal.  All in all, I will definitely be going here again.P.S.  It can be a bit confusing to get to the restaurant since the parking lots are not all connected.  The best way is go to entrance 3 or 4 and follow the winding road East all the way to the parking lot H.
5	The Desert Oasis is a modern fine dining restaurant (well prepared food without the extensive use of expensive ingredients) run by the Culinary Arts school at Scottsdale Community College.  This is a top notch cooking program, and the students, supervised by excellent chefs, do the cooking and serving at Desert Oasis.  And they do it very well.You will get a 5 course fixed price meal for about $21!  This will include a choice of appetiser, choice of soup, choice of salad, choice of entree, and choice of dessert.  There will be 2-5 choices for each.  The menu changes weekly so there is no point in reviewing specific dishes, but the worst of the ten that my wife and I experienced was good, and over half were excellent.Service is genuine if not polished, partly because the servers will be or were recently the cooks, and they really care what you think.  I thought the pace was a shade fast, but it took 1 hour and 25 minutes for the five courses, so maybe we were just enjoying ourselves.  The Desert Oasis is only open when school is in session, so it will close for the summer in May and reopen in October or so.  They serve three or four days a week.  The menus for the season are published in late summer.  You must make reservations way in advance, as the popular menus sell out almost at once.Here are some hints:1.  The Desert Oasis is on a reservation and no alcohol is permitted.2.  They used to mail menus out to people on their mailijng list but this is being discontinued.  Go to their website and sign up for email alerts.  That is about the only way you will know when they have opened up the new season for reservations.3.  There will be about six different menus which will be rotated throughout the year.  Pick out the one or ones you like and go early in the season.  You may want to come back and you will need to get those reservations in way ahead for most menus.4.  The restaurant has a sign out front but is hard to find.  It is on the Scottsdale Community College campus.  From the 101, take the third entrance (they are numbered) and go through the parking lot (lot H)  towards the North.  You will run into a building.  Look for the sign.
3	The Desert Oasis was recommended by one of our dining group---and so glad she did.  It was really a fun experience.I have a few overall comments: the service was excellent, presentation of every dish thoughtful and eye-appealing, and for the most part, though very good, the food was just a little better than cold.For appetizer, the choice was of shrimp and crab cakes or a wild mushroom ravioli.  I chose the seafood and DH the ravioli.  DH's comment on the ravioli: if it had been warmer that room temperature, it would have been exceptional.  Having cadged a taste, I agree----the pasta dough was very thin and silky and cooked perfectly and the filling was rich and mushroom-y.  My appetizer was not so successful.  Though generously portioned, the shrimp were overcooked and I found the adorable little crab cakes to taste more of bread crumbs and Old Bay then crab.2nd course: soup.  DH and I both chose the Butternut Squash Soup.  It was excellent.  A rich, golden color and lovely spices really amped the squash flavor.  Again, could have been warmer.  This was the least interesting presentation---just a few sprinkled herbs in the center of the bowl.  Several of our DC's had the New England Clam Chowder and approvingly commented on the quantity of clams and the rich flavor.3rd: Salad.  Island Jungle Salad or Citrus and Mint.  Probably the least successful course, imho.  I had the Island Jungle Salad.  I really liked the soy sauce based vinaigrette but sadly, the roasted beets were not roasted enough and the papaya was unripe, both requiring some sawing with the table knife to get a bite.  Micro green very fresh.  But---and I admire the outside-of-the-box thinking, there was a wedge of coconut ice cream? ice milk?  sorbet? as an ingredient and though it tasted very good, it was an odd, discordant note.  My closest DC also had the Island Jungle Salad and agreed.  DH had the Citrus and Mint Salad and he thought the dressing was far too acidic and he did not like it.Next: a palate cleanser of a tiny martini glass of sorbet---a tiny helpings of  margarita flavored sorbet and a peach-licorice.   You wouldn't think so, but the peach and anise flavor together was very delicate and delicious.Fourth: Entree.  A choice of four---a NY strip with a parsnip puree and  what I would call a potato hash, and a 2 inch section of bone marrow.  I knew DH wouldn't eat that, so I called dibs immediately.  I enjoyed the Duo of Duck (roast and confit) with a butternut squash puree and sauteed spinach.  There was also a trio of lamb and I believe a salmon en croute.  All the menfolk got the steak (of course, lol!) .  DH said his was cooked perfectly to order and beautifully seasoned, but quality of beef meant he left about a third on his plate.  In his opinion, potato hash was diced a little too small and portion too small and the parsnip puree was "okay".  He said everything was very good, but wished there had been something to bring some "crunch" or texture.  (BTW, bone marrow: good but perhaps could have been rendered a little longer, as it was still a little greasy and lacked the unctuous tongue feel you get from well-prepared marrow.)  The Duck---my first slice was a tiny bit overcooked to my taste, but the remainder was sheer, delicious perfection.  Perfectly rendered, just the right amount of pink, lovely seasoning.  The confit was delicious---but how can you go wrong with duck simmered for hours in duck fat?  Hell-llooo!  The butternut squash puree---it was the silkiest, smoothest---literally satin on the palate.  Delicious.  It would have been nice if the very good soup had had that same incredible texture, not to bash it.  One of our DC's preferred her duck cooked to medium and the kitchen produced exactly what she wanted---good job!Dessert: It was unique how they presented the desserts---the young chefs who prepared the dish walked around the dining room and presented their dish to each table in turn.  It was Crepes Suzette, Apple Flip, Cheesecake Trio, and Extreme Chocolate Cake.  I chose the cheesecake. DH had the Extreme Chocolate Cake.  I am so happy I chose the cheesecake.  The trio consisted of a caramel-coconut with a rum sauce, strawberry daiquiri with strawberry sauce and a margarita with a salted lime sauce.  Each more delicious than the next.  The Extreme Chocolate Cake---omg.  Profoundly chocolate and served with a chocolate curl and chocolate ice cream.  One bite of DH's and I was in chocolate OD.  What a way to go.A wonderful meal, excellent service, and I can't wait to return for the next menu change.  Thank you, SCC Culinary students---you done good!
