5	Newly opened gem serving delicious ice cream and other treats.  I had the peach cobbler which was like eating the real thing. The wife and sister had ube and coconut pineapple, which they both loved as well.  Oh and they serve cronuts as well!  Definitely a place to check out!
5	Such a cute ice cream shop! It has the very old fashion style to it. The ice cream was delicious! They had so many options to chose from as well. They also have brownies, kronuts-a croissant style doughnut and cookies. The staff is very nice and friendly. Clean and nice place!
5	best ice cream i have ever had!! cutest ice cream shop in the world.!! come visit ! its so yummy and kawaii!!!!!!! ahhh!!!
5	Eis Cream is filled with delicious creamy ice cream and two hot exotic filipino beauties. They have cute japanese ,eclectic pastries, and gourmet,homemade cronuts. GET THE BUBBLEGUM ICE CREAM BECAUSE its fucking bomb
5	Best ice cream in Las Vegas!!  It's super creamy, and made with fresh fruits from places as far away as the Philippines and Hawaii!  Taro and the coffee were my favorites.   I've been there twice already and they just opened about a week ago.  The owners and employees are super friendly.  It's a very cute and yummy place to enjoy great quality ice cream :)
5	Wow, A+ ice cream. Really fresh ingredients and call me crazy but ice cream tastes better with a metal spoon. I plan to frequent this place. If you've never tried TARO ice cream get in there and try it before its out of season.
5	A pleasant place to get your ice cream fix. Very friendly & helpful ladies who run the place. I recommend their Macapuno & Mango ice creams!
4	Such a cute little ice cream shop!  The decor was absolutely darling with bright colors everywhere. My favorite was the chairs with ice cream printed design.  We were immediately greeted by the owner/manager, who is such a sweetheart! Wonderful customer service :) She said that they get their ice cream from TREAT in San Jose, CA (woot woot--BAY AREA!).  The exotic flavors like taro/ube, pineapple coconut, macapuno, and mango are made with fresh fruit from the Philippines. Don't be shy with samples!  They were all very good.  My husband recommends the peach even though he went the more dessert flavor route.  Here is what we got:-2 scoop sundae w/ Pineapple coconut and mango ice cream topped with pineapples and a buko pandan stick-o.-2 scoop ice cream w/ cookies 'n' cream and tin roof sundae-Maple bacon cronut You can get whip cream or syrups on your sundae like chocolate, white chocolate, caramel.There are a variety of other goodies here like cronuts, donuts, cake, cookies.  You can order a scoop or two of ice cream, ice cream cookie sandwiches, sundaes, or floats.  This is the perfect place to satisfy your sweet tooth and keep cool, especially with this HOT summer weather! My next concoction will be ube (purple yam) with macapuno (young coconut) ice cream!Minus one star for prices being a little steep for my taste...but you get 10% off with flyer or yelp check-in! =)
5	simply amazing. It was my first time here today. Very friendly staff, yummy ice cream flavors... oh and the kronuts.... ooohhh lala. A definite must-try and must-come-back.
5	The ice cream is super creamy and delicious! The shop is very clean and adorable! It's awesome to see a place where it shows how much hard work went into making this as awesome as it is! We will definitely be returning, even if we do live across town!
4	The ice cream sold here is AwesomeLicious! Really! Their little shop is so cute too. Everyone I met on staff here is warm, friendly and encouraged me to try all the flavors they had. It made it so hard for me to decide what I wanted since I liked them all. They are off to a great start so far!So here's the inside scoop: -  It's a family operated biz run by Tanya and Alicia- The ice cream sold here is from Downtown San Jose's best kept secret..well except for here on Yelp (http://www.yelp.com/biz/treat-ice-cream-company-san-jose  The premium ice cream is the real deal. Real meaning no artificial flavorings or preservatives used to enhance the ice cream flavors.High quality ingredients are used to make their ice cream. Fresh fruit was even used for mango and peach ice cream that I tried. Only small batches are sold and when it is gone that's it! Texture wise.real creamy it's super smooth, not icy/no crystallization. The exotic flavors is what got me to check out this place. Taro and Macapuno. I tried several different flavors and ended up ordering these below:Green Tea - has a bit more pop in flavor and is refreshing, perfect for the summer season. Taro - made right from the taro root that they get from the Phillipines. Flavor is hard to describe. For me it's kind of nutty with vanilla tones. Pineapple Coconut, Mango and the Peach flavors have strong fruit flavors. Give Burgundy Cherry and Pistachio a try too.The flavors are "wow  that's good!" kinda good. A one scoop sundae with toppings will set you back just under five bucks. It might seem a little high for the BR/Thrifty crowd. And why it falls short of five stars overall, but those seeking premium, higher quality ingredients in an ice cream will appreciate what they carry.. Ice cream alone is undoubtedly five stars. I'm just ecstatic they have Taro! There is also cold case that has dessert cakes and 'Kronuts'. Hmmm Kronut Ala Mode anyone? Shout out and credit goes to my new Yelper friend Melissa V.!  She checked in on her Yelp app and put it out on blast they carried Filipino flavors! So don't forget to check in on your Yelp app! You get 10% off.I mentioned the shop is super cute. Ice cream parlourish theme. Hand painted artwork, striped walls in the hallway. The furnishings are cleverly re purposed. All done by co-owner Tanya! FYI: I missed seeing this place since the trees obscure the view on Eastern Ave. Location is in the same complex that has Windy City Beef, Las Cazuelas, No 1 Boba Tea, just right around the corner from Yummy Sushi. Eis Cream Cafe faces Silverado  ...yeah I KNOW that corner of the Target shopping center just got a little more fattening!
5	Eis Cream Cafe is a wonderful addition to the ice cream options available in the Las Vegas area. We were greeted by the friendly owners as soon as we came in and they offered samples of their many interesting flavors including strawberry cheesecake, ube, pineapple, tin roof sundae, and my favorite by far was the Taro! The flavors were fresh and perfectly creamy. This shop is just what this neighborhood needed!
5	This is a late post so shame on me.  I saw this place driving down Silverado Ranch Boulevard heading towards Eastern. If you're not paying attention you would miss it as it is in this strip mall alongside some forgettable shops. So forgettable I couldn't even tell you what they were. One day I read about it onYelp and intentionally paid it a visit. I was pleasantly surprised to find tropical/asian ice cream flavors such as Mango, Macapuno, Taro and Green Tea among traditional American flavors. I thought this was awesome because I wouldn't have to drive clear out to  Chinatown or central Vegas also known as Filipino land to get my fix. Once there, I met Olive who gave me heaping scoops of my flavors of choice, Taro and Green Tea. They charge $4.50 for 2 scoops which I thought was fair after seeing what you got for it. They were delicious as expected. Perfect on a hot day.The shop was quaint and clean. Great for a dessert run for the family. They have a little corner in the shop that displays Sanrio merchandise.  They also sold some of the best kinds of cronuts you will taste. So next time you have an ice cream craving, go see Olive. She'll take care of you.
4	New place that opened up within the past month on the SE side of town, near No. 1 boba, on Silverado Ranch and Eastern. Shop FACES silverado ranch. Same "building" as No 1 boba. I was told that the ice cream is from San Jose. This is not your ordinary ice cream ! Taro has a slight texture where you can feel the "grainy-ness" of the root in the ice cream. Macapuno (young coconut) has actual pieces of young coconut (like what you'd get from inside a young coconut). These two are my favorite. Not too sweet. Good flavoring. Green tea was a little disappointing. Not too strong in green tea flavor (im a sucker for strong tea flavor hence why i like Cafe Teaze's teas) Heath Bar Ice cream was good too ! nice to get some good sized bite pieces in the ice cream for you to be surprised by and enjoy :D Cookies and cream is very well made. Cookies throughout and flavored nicely ! As i had mentioned in my tip, dont let the prices scare you. They are VERY generous in scoop sizes and you do get your money's worth ! Closes somewhat early (10pm) but when we went, everyone rushed near closing and created a line XD
5	Stopped by here based on the Yelp reviews, husband declared this to be a "great decision".  Eis Cream Cafe is like the ice cream parlours from your childhood.  Everything is made with quality, in season ingedients, and it comes through in the flavors.  We both had the mango ice cream and it had chunks of mango that were so big, we had to cut them with our spoon.  The coconut pineapple was like a scoop of heaven, in a pretty glass ice cream dish.They will offer you a taste of any of ice creams they have.  Not on those little plastic spoons that will sit in a landfill forever, but real spoons.  Silly to point out I know, but this was nice to me.This is a family owned business thst makes you feel so welcome.  Stop by and show this great local business some support.  They are at the corner of Eastern & Silverado Ranch, facing out to Silverado Ranch.  You can't see it from Eastern, but you won't be sorry you took a few extra minutes to find it.
4	I typically don't really go out for ice cream. In fact, I rarely eat ice cream anymore but when this opened and I saw it on yelp, I wanted to try it due to the stunning reviews about their taro/ube ice cream. Therefore when I had some friends in town, we took them along and we all tried this new place together! The place itself is quite quaint. It's pretty small but the decorations are really cute. However, when we went, there was only one person working soooo it was quite backed up. There was a party of 4-5 that was already there. Then my group was a total of 7 people. So it took a while to be able to try the ice cream and pick. I mean, it's fine, I don't mind but for those that do, keep that little fact in mind before going. You're free to sample whichever flavor that you want. I think I tried taro, mango, macapuno (young coconut), and heath bar. In the end, my friend and I decided to share a scoop of taro/ube and heath bar. I also tried some of my friend's cookies and cream. The cookies and cream was amazing. One of my favorite ice cream flavors :D so it captured my heart. I rarely ever buy cookies and cream at the grocery stores cause it comes in such a huge tub and I could never finish. Now I know where to get my cookies and cream fix! The taro/ube was pretty good. Has a nice flavor to it. I mean, I'm not CRAZY over it but it was decent. As for the heath bar, I think I've had better. I think it needs more pieces of heath bar in there. It was really nice when I finally go to a piece of the toffee though!I didn't really care for the macapuno mainly because I'm not a fan of coconut. I also didn't really care for the mango ... maybe because it tasted like they made it out of the dried mangos you would buy in packages. Haha. The prices are pretty decent from what I've experienced. They also give you HUGE scoops. Also, from what the woman told us, they get their ice cream from San Jose.So don't hesitate to give this place a try. Glad to finally see something amazing open on my side of town ;D
4	Eis is a welcome addition to the foodie growth areas in the Eastern and Silverado Ranch area! a. Family business - I really enjoy small family businesses and this one is no exception. The family from Northern California has started a fun and exciting little Ice Cream Shop selling all their favorite ice creams and other sugary delights.b.  Cronuts - I did not think I would enjoy what is a cross between a donut and a croissant, however, it was tasty and I would eat these over Krispy Kreme which is in the same strip mall.c.  The Ice Cream - Not sure what or who the manufacturer is, but they do drive the ice cream down from Northern California or have relatives / friends bring it to them.  So this is a real "import".  The ice cream was pretty good and I would come back for it. Nothing particularly mind blowing, but very good, creamy and I really love those flavors loaded with all the extra fixins and bits.d.  The Ambiance - Very eclectic.  Nicely decorated in a homey amateur way.  A few tables to sit, but oddly set up and not enough space.  If / when they get busy, there will not be enough tables for sure.e.  Get over there - Get on over to this place and try it out. It is fun, it is family, it is a good experience.  A very solid 3.75 stars rounded up to four for this review.GK says, check it out!
5	Super cute ice cream shop!!I love everything about this place!The decor is fun & everything feels clean and new.They have roughly 16 or so flavors to choose from, and they will let you sample anything you like. There is a good mix of familiar flavors like mint chocolate cookie...and unique flavors like taro root. The ice cream is definitely higher quality and super creamy.Prices/sizes are based on the number of scoops you want. I got a single scoop and my husband got a double. For both we paid under $8.I loved that they use real spoons and glass dishes. It feels classier, but it is also eco friendly. They have a small case with cake slices, cookies, brownies, and cronuts...which you can get a la mode, but I didn't try them on this visit.Service is top notch, too!!
5	Received a coupon in the val pak and was surprised they had opened. Called in advance to see if they were open tonight (4th of july) and they were! Cute place, would have never known they were there because they face silverado blvd I usually come in from the eastern side. Ladies working were very friendly Ice cream was tasty, prices are inline with every other commercial ice cream store in the area. Def will be back
5	The ice cream is great and really creamy. The service is wonderful and they're so friendly. I love this place! Came from Los Angeles and will definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas :)
5	Friendly lady behind the counter, tried a handful of samples. Ended up taking up a cup of peach and coffee almond fudge. Very unique flavors and genuine ingredients. The peach has a great texture.
3	A new ice cream place is always great to try. The Yelp reviews lead us to believe there was something amazing to be found! We did find that the service was great and the shop was decorated well and was clean. The ice cream and shakes that we ordered were yummy and satisfied. It would be best if more than just friends of the business gave their honest review.
4	Mom and pop ice cream shop with some flavors to entice the American crowd but they also have some assorted Asian flavors (mango, young coconut, ube labelled as taro).  I'm not sure what brand of ice cream they are serving, but it is rich and creamy.  I sampled the taro and the mango.  The taro tastes similar to the Magnolia brand one, but the one I ended up getting in a waffle cone was the mango. The mango ice cream tastes like Philippines brand dried mango (not hard and chewy though), but the owner informed me the mangoes come from Cebu for the ice cream.  Besides just ice cream, they also have cronuts and macarons in assorted flavors and candy treats for the kids! I like that they also serve the ice cream in these ice cream sundae glasses for those who want to eat the ice cream in the shop. A definite hole in the wall gem tucked into this Silverado ranch strip mall.
5	Eis Cream Cafe is a super cute and delicious ice cream shop. I was leaving Yummy's sushi with my boyfriend when we saw a sign for the Eis Cream Cafe and knowing us ice cream lovers, we had to see what this place was all about. We went in & my first thoughts were on how creative the decor was. The walls were painted, the tables & chairs were white, and the ice cream was to the left. The staff were very friendly and were patient with all the different flavors we wanted to try. I ended up choosing a scoop of the taro ice cream (which was to die for) in a cone & my boyfriend had an ice cream sandwich. The way they served our samples was what caught my eye. Instead of using little plastic spoons, they gave us our samples on real miniature spoons which gave us a good portion to try. Not only do they have ice cream, but they also have cake slices & cronuts!! Unfortunately, I was unable to try the cronuts or cake slices but I will definitely be going back soon to order one or two. Overall, Eis Cream Cafe is unique, delicious & staff friendly. It's hard to find a decent ice cream shop outside of the usual over priced cold stone creamery or baskin robbins. My boyfriend & I were extremely happy to stumble upon the Eis Cream Cafe. We will definitely become regular customers.
4	I love supporting new businesses especially when they have something good to offer!I decided to swing by the establishment on a hot Saturday afternoon and my oh my, I felt like I found a gold mine. The cashier was friendly and gave me a bunch of samples because I wasn't being reluctant on what to order. My little heart was torn between ube, mango, and chocolate. I finally settled for the chocolate. The ice cream itself was rich and creamy. I'm not a big fan of sweet things but I'm a sucker for ice cream. I also got a mini cronut. I believe it was the maple bacon. It was a perfect size for me!Definely will be back for a big scoop of ube ice cream.
5	Our new favorite ice cream spot! With kronuts!!  Super friendly service, very clean place and very accommodating to our kids who wanted to sample all kinds of flavors.  And their recommendations were on point!  Happy customer who'll be coming back for more!
4	The macapuno is a must try for pistachio and coconut lovers! It's a nice sweet and creamy ice cream. The scoops are VERY generous and the decor in the restaurant is just adorable. The owners are also quite friendly. Would definitely recommend eating here. Fair prices too. Will be coming back!
5	This quaint little shop on the southwest corner of Eastern and Silverado Ranch is delightful. The ice cream is procured from a small creamery using quality ingredients which is evident with your first bite! They offer free tastes on metal spoons (nice touch!) and servings are plentiful. The shop is bright, clean and inviting. I highly recommend an afternoon delight or after dinner treat at Eis Cream!
5	Great new ice cream spot. They use fresh ingredients and the flavors pop with each taste. The prices are decent for one scoop.
5	Great find!!!! UBE ice cream soooooooo gooooooood!!!! Excellent service too!!  Ample parking... much needed addition to the area
5	Excellent ice cream and great vibe! The peanut butter cup ice cream was fantastic! Plenty of parking and great service. Will go back. Highly recommend!
5	Cute, clean, awesome service and yummy!  Don't miss this little shop!  Store offers ice cream, sundaes, and bakery items.  Be sure to check for the value pack coupon before you go.  It's hidden in the corner of the shopping center by target near the vacuum store.  The lady behind the counter even served our ice cream in a glass bowl since we were eating in the store.
3	Locally-owned gourmet ice cream shop in my 'hood? I want to give it 5 stars already!!Good thing I actually checked it out first....as much as I want to love Eis, it's just not that great. The selection of flavors looked awesome, but after sampling about 6 of them, they just failed to live up to my expectations. I finally settled on strawberry cheesecake for my daughter who wanted pink, and pecan praline for me, because it's always my fave. The praline was very good, but the cheesecake was not. The strawberry ribbons were gooey and super-sweet, just like the stuff that comes in the cheap ice cream at the grocery store. Unfortunately, Yogurtland and Nielsen's still get my vote in this area.
5	Finally got around to trying this Eis Cream Parlor that I saw on yelp a few weeks ago while searching for cronuts.   I was intrigued by the fact they offer ube ice cream.  After having an epic cheat meal at Grimaldi's with my brother, we decided to check this place out and so satisfied that we did. We walked in a few minutes before closing and was welcomed by Olive.  She was more than helpful to let us try samples of the flavors offered and went above and beyond to explain their ingredients and where they come from.  I kid you not, I wanted a scoop of all the flavors.   I've never experienced flavors and all natural ice cream textures until now.  You can really tell the difference between home made & all natural compared to mass produced/commercialized  ice cream that seems to plague the market.  If you're ready for a game changer, get your behind in here and treat yourself.In conclusion, the staff here is warm, friendly and informative.  The ice cream is the best I have ever tasted in my 31 years of existence.  They have a passion for their business and will treat you like family.I will definitely come back because the ice cream is unmatched and I forgot to try the cronuts.
5	Omg I am in Vanilla Eis Cream Heaven! It really is to die for. Absolutely delicious and not too sweet. If you like Coconut then you should try their Macapuno (young Coconut) which is also very tasty. I will go back thats for sure.
5	Pineapple coconut. Taro. Mango. Green tea. Banana nut. I could go on and on. These were just some of the flavors I sampled and they were insanely good. You can seriously taste how natural the flavors were, especially without all the artifical flavors and additives. I really appreciated how informative the lady was with all the questions we had. We ended up leaving with a quart of the pineapple coconut. I will be back to try their cronuts.
3	After a very filling and delicious dinner at a nearby restaurant, nothing sounded better than a nice big bowl of ice cream.Ei's is a cute little ice cream spot. The owner's really paid a lot of attention to detail. Decor, murals, tables and chairs are absolutely adorable with a sparkly ice cream motif. The menu is pretty diverse with options of ice cream, sundaes, kronuts, macarons and ice cream sandwiches. I was tempted by the kronut sundae but opted for two scoops in a bowl. I got taro and green tea, while my friend ordered the tin roof and coffee in a bowl. The ice cream was creamy and refreshing. According to their website all the ingredients are natural and they ship their product in from the Bay Area. The ice cream is tasty, but on the overly sweet side for my taste. I'm a fan of more subtle flavors, so if I returned I'd likely stick to one scoop orders to try other flavors. The location is a little hard to describe and I hope it doesn't dissuade people from visiting this hidden spot. They are on the corner of Silverado Ranch and Eastern.I would have no qualms giving this place another shot when I'm in the area.
5	I tried this place out earlier this month. I got a scoop of taro ice cream and a scoop of strawberry cheesecake. Both flavors were so creamy and fresh tasting. The strawberry cheesecake ice cream had strawberry chunks in it as well, which I loved. One scoop was more like 2 scoops, so the price was definitely worth it. The owner is genuinely super nice and friendly. She offered samples for any flavor I wanted to try too. I really do hope this small business does very well because I would be so sad if they closed down! I can't wait to go back. :)
5	Cute, small, ice cream place on Eastern and Silverado Ranch!The few times I've been here were awesome! Great service and great ice cream! I love ube (taro) anything so when I saw they had ube ice cream I was thrilled! Their ube ice cream is to die for! I've also tried their macapuno (young coconut) and green tea ice cream. All so creamy, fresh, and the flavor itself is not shy! Also, their scoops are ginormous, generous and almost overwhelming! I've yet to try their cronuts, hopefully when they're freshly made.. And along with their other flavors of ice cream..Don't be shy to ask for a sample! And you'll get 10% upon your Yelp check-in!
5	The bakery is absolutely adorable! The staff was extremely kind and helpful with our requests. They went above and beyond to make our first experience great. You can definitely tell they really do care about their customers. I will be coming back here every time I visit Las Vegas and want a macaron.
5	I am so happy a delicious and family owned ice cream shop came to my neighborhood! The ice cream is a amazing and a cronut?!!! BONUS!
3	My family checked this place out and we know definitely we'll be back!!! Can't really give 5 's yet as there are more flavors to try...cute place off of Silverado Ranch. I sampled the pineapple coconut, ube, and the strawberry but enjoyed the macapuno!  Very creamy and coconut chunks!!!   The kids - cookie dough, cookies n' cream, strawberry cheesecake.Try this place out - you'll enjoy it!!!
5	Who couldn't love a mom & pop ice cream shop, especially one that supports other local small businesses. Eis Cream Cafe features Al's Donuts kronuts (croissant donuts)! Anyway, as for their ice cream, burgundy cherry is killer! For my first visit I was in a chocolate mood and the cookies and cream hit the spot. My husband swears by the orange sherbet (he's lactose). Next time I'm looking forward to the coffee almond fudge and taro! The metal sampling spoons are an excellent touch.
5	Awesome selections of ice cream! And absolutely delicious!! I has the strawberries and cream (with real strawberries) and he chocolate! The chocolate is made with shaved dark chocolate and super rich!! Outstanding service and ice creams!!!!! You must go here!!!!!
5	Such a great surprise. The closest thing I'd compare this to is the also-five-star-to-me Art of Flavors, which is up past the Stratosphere, where LV Blvd starts digging into the number streets. But Eis is down south in Green Valley, so it's a nicer part of town and easier and closer for me to get to.So far have become a fan of both the strawberry & cream, and strawberry cheesecake. Both with real chunks and streaks of strawberry. Both delicious, and the finest strawberry ice creams I can remember having. We loved it enough to return twice in a week since we found this place! Their cronut-alike was also excellent and has set the bar for me to compare others to. We'll be coming back again and again.
5	Eis Cream Cafe had some of the friendliest employees and some of the most delicious homemade ice cream I've come across. Upon walking in, the first thing that you are bound to notice are the adorable decorations. There were desserts painted on the walls, a display full of trendy macarons and cronuts (!!!), a display of various candy, and even inflatable ice cream cones. I felt as though I walked onto the set of a Katy Perry music video! Haha :)The ice cream was definitely the highlight. I want to say they have around 25 flavors, and they're all homemade! The bubbly employee behind the counter explained that they have "real" ingredients, such as mango from the Philippines in their mango ice cream, strawberries from California, and pineapple from Hawaii. They have a mixture of ice creams and sherbets, and I tried a good variety. I was a bit skeptical of the watermelon sherbet because it was an odd artificial magenta color, but it tasted like real watermelon, which was awesome. I ended up getting a scoop of the brownie ala mode, which is vanilla ice cream with fudge and brownies swirled in, and OMG. Heaven. They also have sundaes and ice cream sandwiches, but my ice cream was decadent enough. This place is a hidden gem in the target plaza and is definitely worth checking out if you live in the area.
3	We came here on a Friday evening after eating thai food and ordered1. Sm Cronut - maple bacon, 2.25 2. Lg Cronut - White chocolate cinnamon and birthday cake, 6.50 3. Reg. cookie sandwich - rocky road and chocolate chip, 3.9910% yelp check in for $12. 41 - Tanya was very friendly and knowledgeable. She took the time to explain everything to us and sample flavors before we bought- Nice plating.- Seems like they don't make anything themselves? Just received from other places and sold.- But as nice as they were, I wasn't too impressed with the taste.  - Cookie sandwich was okay. hard cookie. We ended up eating the ice cream and throwing away the rest of the cookie. - Maybe I just like Cold stone best when it comes to texture of Ice cream....- Eis means Ice in German- With the Yelp check-in, the cronut is cheaper than Als.
5	I rarely eat ice cream but after a hot day at a pool we stopped in and got the ice cream sampler - it's 9 tiny cones of all different flavors. Amazing. The sherbets are my fave,  but they're all great. You can tell they use high quality ingredients. The owner, Tanya, was super friendly and helpful. We also tried one of the mini-kronuts and thought it was great. Will be back.
5	Went with wife and daughter to enjoy ice cream, found a deal in Valpak. Glad I went in Tanya was very friendly and knowledgeable about their products. She let us sample their variety of ice cream and made recommendations. She suggested coconut pineapple which was delicious. I recommend you go in and see her.
5	Adorable old fashioned homemade ice cream shoppe! Must try the banana nut flavor, tasted just like a muffin!! The decor looks like a Pinterest board come to life! Prices were very reasonable especially since 1 scoop is actually closer to 3. Enjoy!!!!
5	Eis Cream Cafe is just the best Ice cream place I've been to. I'm a regular here not only because they have the best ice cream, but they have the nicest, friendliest staff. Olive is just so wonderful and very accomodating. I've taken my friends here and they all said the same thing about Olive. Tanya is just as awesome.  I usually come here every week :)Now let's talk about the sweets...they have a wide variety of flavors and they let you try because it's just really tough to decide which one to get.  My all time favorites are the Taro and Macapuno (young coconut). My next best picks are the Pineapple Coconut, Praline Caramel, Coffee Almond Fudge, and Chocolate.  They have kronuts too but I'm just really a big Ice cream person, so I go straight to the main event :) I highly recommend this place if you are a picky ice cream person, you best come try Eis!!
4	We were craving ice cream for dessert and found Eis Cream Cafe through Yelp. So glad we tried it! The ice cream was delicious - we had a hard time choosing which flavor to get because they all looked good. The cherry and banana nut were awesome. Definitely coming back!
5	This place is very cute, clean, and the lady whom I think is the owner is very friendly. Prices are reasonable too. Delicious.
5	Great lil spot! ! Family owned and you can definitely feel it.  You can tell the employee's have a sense of pride working here... even better is the product! !  Being from the Bay Area you can tell they brought home to the 702..  2 scoop looks like a 4 scoop, also dont be afraid to sample ALL the flavors.Recommend this place over Coldstone for sure!
5	This ice cream cafe is very cute, neat, and fresh! Their ice cream is also delicious. Their Taro flavored ice cream is said to be the most popular in their store, so I decided to get that...and it was delicious! They also sell macaroons (which I'll purchase next time). (:
3	So much potential for this place. They have been only open for a few months so obviously there needs to be room for tweaking. But, it is what it is and I have to give an honest opinion. The owners get their ice cream from Treat Ice cream company in San Jose. Treat has a ridiculous yelp rating over there. That means it should be 5 stars as well.. Not exactly.Taste wise, only a couple flavors really put me away, the tin roof sundae and the taro. I forgot what was in the TRS, but there were a whole lot of goodies that went extremely well together. Let's talk about the taro, or as I like to call it, them taro ice cream... Probably the best taro ice cream I ever had! It was well balanced, smooth, and the taro flavor was very pronounced.So what up wit da 3 stars u say?? Well, most of the ice creams that are served there are extremely icy! You can actually hear the crunch if you chew it. Not only does that distract from the flavor, but it is very unpleasant as well. I checked the reviews for Treat Ice Cream and they don't seem to have this problem. I don't know if this is due to the transportation of the ice cream or from the storage. But, all the flavors are really well balanced.. The texture is off.The employees are nice and the store is well maintained. I would come back here just for the taro.
3	As Michael K. said, there is a lot of potential here. Maybe someday, but for now...The good:- The people working here are super nice!- Portions are generous - as they should be considering the price. Though, not necessarily consistent. Some things were colossal, but my kronut sundae was not so abundant in ice cream scoops.- There are lots of flavors to pick from - including taro! It's basically frozen taro milk tea.- At the time of writing there is an available set of Groupons to bring the price down.- They have "kronuts!"The bad:- The ice cream is not very creamy.- The ice cream is also way, way over-sweetened.- The "kronuts" aren't the way I prefer them. I'm not going to take part in a "cronut" debate because everyone likes them in a different way but I wanted a bit more crisp and crunch in it, considering the lovely brown exterior. They're layered nicely, but it's just all soft and doesn't provide any contrast to the ice cream. Also, sugar.So, there are things, but they aren't great things. They're just in great abundance with great people serving them. Now, I realize they don't make their own ice cream, or their kronuts... and maybe that's the problem and it'll keep them average at best.
5	My favorite ice cream stop. All the classics made a little better with things like mint bits in the mint chocolate chip.
5	They're really kind when it comes to trying as much ice cream flavors as you want unlike other ice cream shops. The interior of the place is adorable. White chairs and tables with light colored walls. The place is designed as if it's the inside of a cute house. Ice cream is great! I really like how one single scoop looks like 2-3 scoops of ice cream. I tried the taro, cherry, and strawberry cheesecake. The strawberry cheesecake is phenomenal!! You must try it!!! Free wifi too if you ask for the pw.
5	Delicious ice cream wonderful service so glad they're right next door!! I had the watermelon and peach cobbler
5	Ice Cream and Kronuts. Whatttt! This place is also new my daughter wanted to check it out the , they give you samples and you can try as many as you want. Place is clean and the atmosphere is pleasant.
5	Really enjoyed the ice cream, have tried: vanilla, green tea, and peach.  I also enjoyed the cronut.  Decent prices, currently offering a groupon deal.  Definitely will be back
5	First off, great Customer service. The lady helping us was telling us how the ice is made and where the ingredients come from. Also, she let us try some samples. For the price of $4.50 of two scoops, she loaded the cone with ice cream. We weren't expecting so much but we couldn't complain. Who can when you get a lot of ice cream. Check out my pic, it will show you. We got the watermelon sorbet, twas awesome, and the mint cookie krunch, was also good.Their cronuts. ...yes been looking for the perfect texture of what I thought a cronut should feel like. Other places have cronuts that are too flaky and don't have a donut feel to it at all except for the shape. These had both. Flaky and thick and they weren't oily.  I had the bacon maple one and I did a review where I thought that a maple bar and custard filling did not work, but I think the bacon made a difference because it wasn't just sweet, but salty cause of it. It was that good that I killed it and had to think twice about sharing it. Awesome ice cream, awesome cronuts, overall great place. Will be back. Fo'sho.
5	A Great establishment with excellent customer service!   Las Vegas Strip quality ice cream without the crowds and trouble of going down to the strip.  The staff is friendly and willing to help out.  The ice cream is top quality and the flavors range from traditional to exotic.  It's worth the drive if you have that craving for some good, old fashioned ice cream.  I haven't tried the Kronuts(croissant-donuts) yet, but with Bread and Butter closing, this will the source for my craving.
1	Was not impressed at all! The establishment itself is very simple nothing to really oh & awh about. The lady behind the counter was not really helpful, seemed more interested in zoning off & would not honor the by one get one cone coupon we had. I have never been to such a horrible ice cream place ever, and I work in the food industry. Even after everything I listed above, I still had to bring home ice cream due to the fact it was our turn for dessert night. So I get a quart of ice cream (because apparently they only way they sell ice cream is in quarts not pints) & almost fell on the floor when my total came to $12.00 for plain simple vanilla ice cream!!! I mean, I could literally go to grocery store & buy 3 quarts for that amount or Better yet, I could drive a little bit & take my business to luv it custard and enjoy the most amazing ice cream/custard in my life, buy a quart & a sundae & have money to spare.  Ridiculous!Anyway, I get home & we all try the $12.00 ice cream and let me say,"Completely not impressed"!  The ice cream really did have much flavor, it was hardly creamy and it was so overly sweet that it gave the impression someone ran out of milk, added water & a ton of sugar to compensate for the difference. Just an awful experience all the way around. EIS will never again get my business. If Im ever in a hurry to get ice cream, I'll go down the street to Smith's or Albertson's & be completely satisfied.
2	I gave it 2 stars cause the cronuts were so good... Til we found pube-like hair strand in one of them. Can't go back. ;(Customer service is great though and cute little place.
5	It's a hidden gem in town! Ice cream is on point! The place is clean and colorful. The owner and the staff are very kind and friendly. Would definitely go there again.
4	This place is super cute:) I love walking in and feeling like a kid at an ice cream shop. The workers here are always friendly and it adds to the ice cream experience. They sell a bunch of nic nacs but i'm not interested in buying them, they are more for admiring and adding to the look of the place. They have Kornuts here! I'm not a fan of them, but my friends love them. Ice cream time! I love the fact that you can try a sample because there are way too many flavors to choose from. Mango is different from most places and my mom loves it, but I personally don't like it. LEMON SORBET IS MY FAVORITE!!!! I buy pitchers of this flavor every time I come. You can put it in your freezer at home and the soft texture will remain when you are ready to eat it. I've tried other flavors and I feel like they are lacking flavor a bit, but people still seem to enjoy them so it may just be me. I can't wait to come here with a group of people and get the big stuff like the sundaes with brownies and cookies and everything sweet haha. This place is right by my house and that may cause trouble for me cause I'll keep coming back! Don't forget you get 10% off you bill if you check in on yelp and there is also a groupon available!
5	I had a maple cronut plus a scoop of eis cream...absolutely wonderful!Everyone should give this beautiful place a try.
4	Great little ice cream shop in the corner mall area. You can taste the fresh and natural ingredients. Tanya, the owner, was very nice and very helpful. I would recommend anyone in the area to give this cute and charming ice cream parlour a try.  My son loved the a watermelon sorbet. I also found that the pralines and cream was very creamy and naturally sweet.
4	Got to get a kronut (croissant donut).
2	The employees were incredibly kind and even offered me something that was not available at the counter. I wasn't incredibly impressed with the flavors and felt there was some ingredient that I just didn't like in many of them. Not to mention, many of the ones I tried were very rich and I love rich flavors but I wasn't crazy about any of the ice creams. Maybe better luck next time- also felt the scoops were bit over priced.
5	Recently moved to LV from Hawai'i, so I decided to yelp a few places for dessert and I came across Eis Cream Cafe. I finally tried this place tonight and I was happy to see they had macapuno and ube ice cream! Those are the ice cream flavors I grew up on. Although, I got macapuno and pistachio almond instead in a waffle cone for $5.68. Macapuno was on point and very creamy, while pistachio almond was also yummy and light to me. The customer service = A+. I believe I met the owner (Alexis) as well and she was very friendly and inviting. I will definitely recommend this place to others.
4	A little ice cream shop on Eastern and Silverado Ranch (behind Office Depot). I pass by here every time I go to the office but due to my lactose intolerance, I haven't had the gut(s) to try this place until today since it's my day off and can actually afford to get sick.The lady behind the counter was very pleasant and was telling me about the store and their product. Their ice cream are made from seasonal fruits like peaches, cherries, etc. They have tropical/Asian/Filipino/Hawaiian flavors such as coconut-pineapple, taro/purple yam/ube (pronounced "ooh-beh" not "yoob"/"yoobee"), green tea, etc. There's the traditional flavors like chocolate, rocky road, tin roof, mint chip, pistachio, coffee, etc.We tried the cherry, mint chip, green tea and ube ice cream. I wasn't too crazy about the green tea - it has a soapy taste to it. However, their waffle cone was awesome -crisp, light and the right sweetness. They ran out of cronuts. Their macarons are from the same supplier that Venetian has. The interior is so cute. They have cute chairs and wall mural. They also sell chocolate bars and Hello Kitty items.
3	Nice little Ice cream shop!  We were greeted with a smile, and the server was happy to let us taste test as many different flavors as we wanted.  They make there ice cream by hand in small batches.  It's a different flavor than anything I've ever tasted.  I got pistachio, it had real pistachios in it.  But it was something about the flavor I didn't care for.  I also got I think it was banana cream, I didn't care for that either.  Now on the other hand, my husband really liked it, he will return!
5	Great spot. Clean and they use fresh ingredients. Greeted with a friendly smile   and their Cronuts are delicious!
5	Yum yum!!  Best ice cream spot in town!!!  They were out of taro so didn't get to try it but everything else was amazing. Had a kronut sundae    Best I have ever had. Definitely will go back and support this local small business
5	EIs Cream Cafe has ice cream that can't be beat! My wife and I tried out this local shop because of the reviews here on Yelp! and we were nothing short of impressed. Fresh ingredients, real cream, and creative flavors make for a spectacular shop. They have your normal flavors such as rocky road, coffee, and strawberry but then they have new and amazing combinations such as taro (purple yam or ube), coconut pineapple, and a marbled raspberry that was to die for. The girl behind the counter, Olive, is so friendly and helpful. Our first time in there, she spent ten minutes letting us sample the flavors and explaining about each one. The shop is adorable with hand painted and hand beaded ice cream decorations adorning the walls. They also sell pastries such as cronuts (which we plan to try one of these days) and their cookies they use for the sundaes look delicious. We've been several times and cannot wait to go again. In fact it's become our go-to ice cream shop because the quality of the ingredients is above and beyond those you'd find at a standard ice cream store. Do yourself a "flavor" and try out this wonderful local treat! You won't be disappointed.
4	Delicious, different, "real" ice cream. I had a banana split. Taro, pralines & cream, and pistachio. I had never had taro before, it was good, but probably a little too different for my palate. The praline Ice cream was amazing, reminded me of New Orleans, the pistachio was vibrant.The owner was nice and welcoming, the treat was served on a silver tray which I thought was nice. My only complaint is that the banana was a bit overripe, which I found a bit overpowering, others might have liked it, but I have to rate for myself. Imo, they probably need to fit one more table in here. I'll be back
3	Excellent service. Ice cream tastes freezer burned and the flavors I wanted were barely there so I declined them because I didn't want ice and left out ice cream. I won't stray from Nielsons again.
5	I've never tasted such quality ice cream :) I had the kronut Sunday and it was full of flavor! Every ingredient was quite delectable :) as for decorations, it's the perfect little ice cream shop. Everything is bright and colorful. It puts you in the eis cream mood :D I loooooove it!
5	We love this place! It's by far the best ice cream and desert place!  You feel the warmth as soon as you walk through the door. All the flavors that we've tried are luscious! You can taste the fresh ingredients.  We get the 1.5 quart tubs to hold us over between visits!
4	The shop is in a great location. The ice cream is amazing and made using all natural ingredients. The Cronuts were delicious! The best I've had so far in town. They also sell macaroons. Quaint ice cream shop with great customer service.
5	5 stars for the extra friendly staff : ) (I think she was the owner) I initially came in to try their cronuts after finding them here on yelp, didn't think much of them but then again I may just be biased from eating at a famous donut spot in San Diego.  Their ice cream was delicious though, and she explained how everything is made from scratch in small batches, ice cream definitely tasted fresh.  Did I mention they were very friendly ;)
5	Best ice cream in town, family owned and incredibly friendly staff !! Much better than anything the city has to offer,
5	Amazing macarons! Best in Vegas!!! And I also love love love their sherbets. Amazing store
4	Came here with David S. for a afternoon snack. What they offer is ice cream including some Asian flavors as the owner is Filipino.  They had also some baked goods like cronuts, cookies, french macarons, etc, but I did not have any baked goods. We tried a few samples, but I opted for green tea and the ube. I like all forms of green tea and theirs is more on the light side of things, more fruity floral type tea than deep bitter matcha. Ube was really good, nicely flavored. The texture of both ice cream was ideal, creamy and smooth. David opted for the Filipino classic flavor combo of ube with macapuno ice cream. The interesting thing is our treats weren't scooped into a disposable vessel, but crystal goblets and we were given silverware since we decided to eat in. I thought it's kinda cute and fits the cutesy interior with Hello Kitty accessories. The girl helping us was super friendly and personable. I am a fan of the ice cream here, even though it's not made here, but at Treat from San Jose. I think the portions and flavor was good so I will be back.
5	This place is so adorable! The interior is amazing with all the ice cream art on the wall. The ice creams are very rich, flavorful, and really cute too. The colors of the ice cream just makes them pop up more and that's what makes them so cute. It almost looks unreal. On top of that, the presentation is beautiful. They place the ice creams on a fancy looking cup. I almost didn't want to eat my ice cream because it was too pretty. The employees are also very kind and helpful. I would definitely go back for another mint chocolate chip ice cream!
4	You can get any shake flavor from real ice cream! That's my favorite option when im in a rush but need a little sugar high. Great costumer service as well!
5	I have to start off saying that the people that run this place?? Nicest ever.  Being greeted when you walk into an establishment is excellent, especially when its genuine, like they really want to get to know you.  That hooked me in tremendously.Now for the goodies.  Very unique flavors...which are super strong and delicious.  I was blown away from just the tasting process.  I didn't expect to go in there and see a flavor entitled Taro.  I was like what?? Isn't that some kind of tuber or something? So I'm adventurous... said lets do this!!! Couldn't believe it...soooooo good! It had a soft hint of vanilla and a perfect texture.  Just what I needed to end a stressful day.It was so good that I couldn't get it out of my mind, so the next night?? I was right back in there.  This time I decided to try the Smashing Pumpkin. I was standing there in awe.  The flavor is out of this world!! Strong hints of pumpkin and nutmeg.  I didn't want the scoop to end. Please go and try this!!!The prices are fair, the flavors are amazing, and the shop is a small cute spot.  They will know me by name pretty soon.
5	Friendly customer service and great, fresh flavors for the ice cream! The fruit-flavored ice creams have real chunks of fruit in them. My friends and I got the mango ice cream, the strawberry cheesecake, and a cookie dough milkshake; all three of them were delicious. This is a family-owned business that deserves much support! The interior decoration is adorable as well. It's a cute little cafe where you can spend time with friends and enjoy yummy eis cream :)
3	Who doesn't like small, locally-owned business? I'm happy to support them as long as their product is good.  Eis Cream Cafe, located in the same strip mall as Las Cazuelas, Target, and Freed's, doesn't make many of their items in-house, but when you want to satisfy your sweet tooth, that doesn't always matter. Ice cream, imported from a shop in Northern California, is their main draw, but they have brownies, cookies, and pastries available as well. You can combine items like ice cream and a cronut (made by Al's Donuts) to make a Kro-nut sundae ($7.95). Cut into pieces, then topped with mint chocolate chip ice cream, chocolate sauce and chocolate sprinkles, it's large enough to share. The ice cream was thick and creamy and full of chunks of chocolate. The cronut, however, didn't hold up well and quickly became soggy. It was a good idea, but you're better off sticking with a brownie if you're craving a sundae.
