4	I've always had good experiences with Haverty's.  The sales people have always been friendly and helpful, without pushing too hard.The furniture can vary from piece to piece, but most of it is of decent quality.  What I appreciate about Haverty's, is that you can browse...instead of consulting with an "expert."  Frankly, I like Haverty's and Ethan Allen, but the latter is always such a pain in the butt when I go there to get a piece of furniture.Haverty's will have something that will fit the bill, but you may have to wait a while for it to reach your home.  Lastly, the prices here are very inexpensive (this is obviously subjective) compared to other quality furniture stores.  I'd compare Haverty's to Target.  It's not the top level, not the bottom level, but it's fun to shop there.
4	Repeat customer.  Delivery tracking is great, sales reps were helpful.  Cancelling off an extra piece before delivery was easy and refunded quickly.  Recommend
3	They are friendly and nice but I purchased a broken desk and took a week for them to replace. The customer service is nice but not much help. Also, don't trust their delivery window ... 3-5pm?!? Try 6:30. And would have been nice if you called to let me know.
5	Really pleased with Haverty's and especially the salesman on the floor - Dennis. He never hovered but seemed to have a sixth sense about when to show up and answer a question we had. Ended up buying a couch and two chairs for the living room... quality seemed to be really good as well. We went to about four different furniture stores all around the Carolina Place Mall area and found the service and quality at Haverty's to be the best... hands down. Super impressed and very happy with our experience. Thumbs up, five stars - highly recommended!
5	We ordered a curio cabinet from Havertys. The sales people were friendly and did not pressure us or follow us around. It was delivered a few days later. Unfortunately, the top was badly damaged and we sent it back. Havertys kept us updated on when the replacement was being delivered (within a few days). New one arrived in perfect condition. After that, we received a phone call from the sales person, making sure we were happy. Great experience. Wish I could say the same for the other furniture chains in this area.
2	i ordered a piece of furniture from havertys in April for Delivery in June.  When the piece was delivered it was damaged, which is fine but the way they handled the situation was far from professional.  i was initially told i'd have to wait another month to get the piece then i was informed that i'd recieve it a week later.  Prior to delivery i was told there had been an error and the only piece they had left was damaged.we reached out to another haverty's asking about their floor unit asking if they were able to sell that similarly to how the other store had, they declined.  On 7/4 I cancelled my order, went to a competitor and ordered furniture to fill two rooms in my new home.  my issue here is that my cancellation and payment was apparently never issued, i spoke with Haverty's on Friday asking about the status of my refund, they advised me to call in Monday so i did and they said it was never processed.  i finally got in touch with someone to process my refund on Monday.Overall this was a very poor experience, my salesperson was great and i liked the products offered, but i would never deal with this company just given the situation which was triggered by one individual issue.
1	Ah yes...time again for some new living room furniture.  After getting new sofas every couple of years, we decided to give some leather furniture a try.We found a couple of beautiful pieces and got a quote from our salesperson, Jeff.  We thanked him and went to check out some competitors' options to compare.  I'm not a huge fan of the all-day shopping events, and my preference was for the Haverty's pieces, so I decided to go back and see if Jeff could knock off the shipping charges to keep the price around 3 grand.He looked incredibly annoyed (and why wouldn't he...it eats into his commission).  He had to "speak with someone" about getting the price down.  He also asked if I would buy today if he could get the price of the shipping knocked off.  Which of course, led to my belief that I'd be pulling out my wallet in a couple of minutes.Here's where my decision to find a new store, or at the very least, work with another salesperson comes into play.  When speaking with Jeff, I expressed that I wanted to stay around or under 3 grand to stay within my budget...that...and...my wife wasn't exactly thrilled about purchasing a leather set to begin with.Annoyed that I was asking for "free shipping" ($120) on a $3,000 purchase, Jeff decides that the best thing to tell me...is...that I should have been looking at furniture I can afford.  Did he really just say that?  There's no way I heard that, right?Now there's two sides to me...the one that could have handed him my business card and discussed the difference between the words "budget" and "afford," and the one that was in total shock as he walked away to talk to a manager.While my nature tends to lean towards the former, I was certain that any discussion past this point would have been a waste of breath.To be fair, i was already receiving a $100 discount for every thousand I spent (not including the $300 warranty).  Since the price only came to $2700 without taxes and warranty, it would only be $200 off. I walked in to speak with Jeff for a deal on shipping.  I was prepared to leave and buy elsewhere if he was unwilling to negotiate.  The only reason I'm updating my review is to bring light to a poor choice of how to speak to a customer and an unwillingness to be flexible.  Profit margin is considerably higher in the furniture business than in most other retail outlets.  As a returning customer I expect some flexibility in maintaining the relationship.  Acting like the $120 delivery charge would bring the net profit below all costs was absurd...and if it's not absurd...Haverty's business model must be.
