4	So great having a chipotle at San Tan Village. Speedy service. They are all young so the service is just ok. Not as friendly as I would like...maybe I'm old fashioned.
2	Foodies beware of food poisoning.  My friend and I ate here late on 6/7/2012 and he experienced food poisoning  later that night.  I had the carnitas bowl with root bear and was fine.  He ordered the steak bowl and served himself a water with lemon. The only difference between our meals (besides the drinks) was that my bowl had corn and guacamole.  Neither one of us ate anything else after that so my guess is that the steak was bad.  Was it left out for too long or was is handled improperly?  Your guess is as good as mine.
4	After going in to Chipotle again today I had to leave a comment of my experience. I visit Chipotle pretty often and this location has by far the best food out of the Arizona locations. I stopped going to the Gilbert and 202 location about a month ago due to an encounter with an individual who I'm assuming was some form of upper management, she had a polo on that had the logo, but other than that she appeared very unprofessional, unkempt and barked orders to employees while presenting a fake smile to customers, it just made for an uncomfortable experience for everyone inside the store. Last week I visited the location off of Power and 202, the food tasted old, like it sat out for a week before being served, needles to say neither myself or my wife finished our food and won't ever be going back there again. This Chipotle at the San Tan Mall seems to have the most consistent food when it comes to quality, which isn't saying much when you consider the other locations that I have to compare it to! There seems to be one person at this store however who I credit for the difference.. I haven't had a chance to catch his name, but he is the Indian gentleman who I believe is the manager? Each time that I've been in and eaten there, I've noticed that the quality of food is over the top while he is there, the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly and it's one of the cleanest Chipotles that I've ever been in, and I've been to a bunch!! I would like to say thank you to this man (next time I'll get your name) for finally making my Arizona Chipotle experience a great one! I would have given this place five stars, but when he's not working the food quality seems to be taking the day off as well.
4	Take advantage of online ordering (or phone app ordering) to order ahead and then walk in, skip the line, and pick up your food! It's great! The online and app ordering process is very easy, and lets you highly customize your order. Once you place your order, you're given a time when your order will be ready, and that time has never been more than 15 minutes from when I hit "send."  My only problem is that there are a few items missing: you can't order a kid's meal or a simple side of rice or beans. Other than that, it's a very efficient way to place an order.At this location, there are a couple of nearby "restaurant only - 15 minutes" parking spots.  Order ahead, use one of these parking spots, and you're in and out in no more than 5 minutes.
3	Always a good meal and very tasty. I like the product they serve.
4	What can I say?  It's Chipotle.  There is nothing really special about this location over any other.  So if you like Chipotle then you know what to expect!They do burritos and "bowls" (which are basically burritos without the tortilla for those worried about carbs).  The burrito is generously large, and the ingredients are flavorful.  They make it in front of you very quickly.  There are several options including chicken, steak, carnitas (pork) and barbacoa.  Several salsas to choose from (or you can mix...I usually do).For fast-food this is top-notch.  Much better than McD's or KFC or something like that, about the same price range for a meal (maybe a little more), and very tasty.
1	If you're a vegetarian, this place is great. But the few times I've eaten chicken here have made me regret it (I kept going back to try again because of all of my friends telling me how great the chicken was). The first two times, the chicken tasted a bit burnt. This past weekend, I went and ordered the chicken and I was pleasantly surprised. The chicken didn't taste bad at all. Well, two hours later, I had thrown up all of the chicken and was sick three times until about four in the morning. Thanks for the food poisoning, Chipotle.
5	My go to for after work... I work very close and have to hide my face because I prefer this food to the kind I serve haha, the people who work here are always so sweet and polite. Portions are a little small, but still pretty good.
2	I've only been to this location a few times, but my very two recent visits made me so P.O.ed. They close at 10, so I made an order and chose to pick it up at 9:30. Got the same thing, Chicken Bowl with white rice, pinto beans, mild salsa/cheese/corn/sour cream/lettuce. But I was feeling a little special and decided to add chips + Guac. Went to get my order, it was pretty empty, only a couple people were eating and there was no line. I paid and I went home to find that they put black beans in my bowl, which I was like WHATEVER. I'm hungry. I took a chip and went to dip it in the GUAC and guess the freakin-what? Instead of GUAC, they gave me an unripe but blackened avocado half as my "guacamole" I was so pissed! Like seriously? I paid extra money for this piece of crap? You had all that guacamole in that tub but managed to find me an UNRIPE BLACKENED AVOCADO HALF. Waste of my money, they got my order wrong.2nd time I came in AGAIN at 9:00pm I was the only one in line. There was 3 employees in the front, and the first two were talking right in front of me while I just stood there ready to place my order. The third one had this nasty look on her face as if my being there was a bother to her. She saw me, took notice I was ready, and then took out a towel and started to wipe down every tub and made me wait. Once she was done she took her sweet time to put on the gloves and said "what can I get you." I was agitated at that point but I just placed my order. When she was done I was standing in front of the cashier position but the cashier was no where to be found. The same angry lady that took my order literally YELLED OUT "CASHIEEERRR!....CASHIEEERRR! Where the hell is that girl!?" She went looking for her and a couple of seconds the girl finally shows up to check me out only to delay my exit a few minutes because she pressed the wrong buttons and the computer froze. I left pretty pissed. This location needs to improve. I guess I'll stick to my Dana Park location.
4	Whenever I'm craving chipotle I always come here(mainly because it's closest)! As others have said there isn't much of a difference over the others. I would suggest going to any chipotle during the week vs. The weekend because they tend to give you more meat! Sometimes I go to chipotle and I end up getting a "sloppy wrapper" and my whole burrito ends up falling apart:( but overall the food is amazing and the service is grood! It's nice when the cashier makes small talk!:)
5	This location is perfectly set right on the outskirts of San Tan Village. The price is right on point it fills me up and most of the time I have leftovers. It's pretty healthy as well. My boyfriend and I like going right after a workout for all the protein. Gotta love chicken, steak, barbacoa, and pork. This location never fails to give us great portion sizes and they always give us plain rice upon request! Fantastic grub, good service and did I mention they serve Margaritas!!! Woop woop
4	Not real complaints about this place, though, I wish you could buy a half order.  My husband and I always split one bowl as neither of us can eat a whole bowl.  Not a big deal, but if I went by myself, then I would need to take leftovers home, which, in this heat, not good to leave food in the car if you have errands to run.So prices is my only thing.  You basically if you only got a bowl, you'd be spending in the $7-8 range.  For families, this can get expensive, if you include drinks, add guacamole, and chips.  But, that is a lot of food.So, for our family of 5 today, we spent about $40, but that's only because my husband and I shared, but the kids did not.  Those little piggies.  j/k.The place was pretty busy and it came in waves of busyness.  They seemed to be fairly organized and we got through the line quickly as did the other people.  This place is located at the end of the San Tan Outside Mall by Barnes and Noble.  We've been here a few times in the past year and they are consistently good.  It had something for everyone, including my daughter's vegetarian friend.  Though, i think a vegetarian bowl or burrito should cost less than the meat ones or at least more less.
4	Sweet delicious burrito heaven! This location is closest to us so we usually frequent it when the cravings hit. Can't go wrong when you are getting Chipotle.
4	Had a chicken bowl today with white rice. It was above average for a typical chipolte, this location gave more toppings and meat with a smile than others. I would eat here again if I was in the area.
4	Customer service was great. Everyone was doing their job the way it should be done. Price is reasonable and the food was fresh and tasty. We will be back.
