5	Verdun just got a little bit better.Comptoir 21 recently opened its third location on Verdun's increasingly trendy, but still underneath the radar screen, Wellington Avenue. Sitting on the corner of 4th Avenue across the street from a vintage/retro shop, British Fish & Chips has found  a new place to hang its hat. Painted a light blue, sticking to the sea-based theme,  this Comptoir probably has the longest retro, chrome dining bar I've seen in a while.You cannot go wrong with the Fish and Chip, but if that's not your thing, you're not out of luck either. With burgers, salads, fried calamari, poutine, hot dogs and clam chowder, this is a wonderful place to either come by for a meal when you're not in the mood to cook or pick up and take away, which is going to be fun during the summer months since Verdun's bucolic riverside is literally a block away.Really friendly service, the place already has the hum of a great neighborhood eatery.Come check it out the next time you're in this bend in the river!
3	We tried Le Comptoir 21 today for a late lunch. I had great expectations but unfortunately it fell a little flat. The service is cool and friendly. The set up is minimalistic but cute, and the clam chowder was perfect. However, the fish itself was very greasy and felt bland. Since fish and chips are their specialty, that was a bit of a disapointement.The serving is HUGE you can definitely go for the small portion. I will say the sauce tartare and the french fries were great. Maybe we'll be back in a few weeks to see if we had only hit a bad day.
5	Great place. The all-dressed Burger 21 and the fish and chips are the best things on the menu. Amazing atmosphere. The only hiccup was the beer. There was no neck at all. The bartender said she was sorry and that it was her specialty. Everything else was amazing. One of the best diners I have ever been to.
4	Good clam chowder, could be a bit more hot but the battered fish was very good. Super fresh big flakes and most important NOT overcooked. Very memorable.
4	I finally tried Comptoir 21 after walking by at least a dozen times. The boyfriend and I ventured out on a rainy Thursday night since none of us felt like cooking. Our initial plan was to get take-out and eat at home. I don't know if it was the decor or the fact that it wasn't a busy night but the second we walked in we looked at each other and decided to eat at their counter. My man was dying to try and rate their fish 'n' chips since he's a self proclaimed aficionado.  We both ordered the big plate(3 pieces). I'm a lady with a hearty appetite and it was way too big for me. I had a whole piece of fish left and some fries. The fish: very crispy batter, extremely fresh and moist. They only have cod which is a bit of a downer. The chips: out of this world!!! The poutine also looked amazing. The homemade dipping sauce: I'm a purist and went with tartar. It wasn't bad but nothing special. I'll probably try something with more of a kick next time.The vinegar: I must admit I was pretty impressed with the spritzer system. Although it dispenses flavour uniformly, you have to go at it quite a bit if you want to taste the vinegar. The service: amicable and attentive, nothing bad to say. The price: very affordable!Overall I didn't give this place 5 stars because they only have one fish and they charge extra for a second dipping sauce($1) and extra lemon wedges($0.50). The portions are big and 1 lemon wedge + a tiny cup of sauce just ain't enough. I think I still prefer Brit & Chips but that might be due to the Flake Cadbury...not sure. For now, their business card,which a magnet, is on my fridge tempting me to go back whenever I don't feel like being the ideal housewife in the kitchen! :)
4	Service and food are excellent! No fluff, just straight up, great quality. Every plate that was being served looked and smelled great. I will most definitely be returning to sample the rest of the menu!
4	If I had to write my review based on my first experience here, I would be giving them 1 star; But, the bad review would have been my fault and oh so very wrong!My first time trying this place was when I sent my hubby out to bring home some Fish n' Chips. This is not the best way to experience Comptoir 21! Take out becomes very greasy and not enjoyable.Thank goodness for my Fish n' Chip loving Mum. She wanted to give it a shot and because of her I completely changed my mind on this place. First of all, the staff is quite nice and the service is fast. There is always something fun coming from the speakers, and the environment is relaxed and fun.The fish is battered a la minute, and is cooked to sweet perfection! The home fries, and interestingly flavoured dipping sauces add to the tastiness; I prefer their Tartar sauce. The coleslaw is whatever, but because everything else is so perfect, you can let that slide. Everyone seated with me, thoroughly enjoyed their food; No matter what they ordered (fish, homemade veggie burger, calamari). I suggest that you try the fish before any of the other option, you will not be disappointed; Just take the time to sit and eat it there!
5	Excellent, tasty thick fish and chips.The crispy fish burger very good. Great prices, great friendly service. Very popular in the neighbourhood as one of the emerging new local foodie joints.
