4	The biggest sin in Sin City was how my little piggies looked when I got there! So I found a nail shop close to our resort. It was a stab in the dark, but it looked nice through the window and had nice pedicure chairs.It was me, my mom, and my 3 yr old princess getting pedicures, and 4.5 yr old monkey was on the fence. He's ticklish on the toes and doesn't like it a lot when other people do it.  So the three of us girls got our piggies done.  Unlike the salon at home where they trash talked my princess in another language, the gentleman who greeted us hugged her, and asked HER if she wanted a pedicure. She said yes, and they totally accommodated her. It was awesome. AND they did a good job! Good experience, although my mom was mad because the guy called her toes "challenging."  I thought it was a nice way to call them F'ed up LOL
1	I only put one star b/c I had to. Otherwise, this place would receive zero!The lady who did my nails did not speak one word of English (I've been to other nail salons and at least most of them speak some). I asked for a silk tip on one of my nails and she said, 'No silk.' It appeared that they did it so I pointed it out on the list and she kept saying, 'No.' Fine, whatever lady.So then she asked if I wanted it cut or filed. I chose the latter. Did she file? No! Did she remove cuticles? No! I hate this place and will never go here ever again. I should've went back to Red Rock. Not even a week and I already need a new manicure. Waste of money, waste of time. Too pricey for the crappy service I got.
3	Ok I'm a bit torn here. I received the best Asian pedicure of my life.... but my friend received a five minute shoddy one. Mine: Male pedicurist. Friendly. It seems they all barely speak English but that is always expected from these types of places. I had a special request and he fulfilled it easily. He gave a great massage and buffed my feet like they've never before been buffed! :) Toes looked neat and pretty. My friend's: Female pedicurist. Semi-friendly. Finished the entire pedi, massage, and paint in half the time mine took. Great for oil changes, not for pedicures. Pedis are in essence an experience, not a chore. My friend got gypped w a two second massage and I was left feeling guilty for receiving a phenomenal one.... :( Soooo... I guess hit or miss? Prices are slightly more expensive than the places in CA, but let's face it, we know we're spoiled....
1	Too much bad attitude, unprofessional, and mediocre results. Not to mention that most of the "nail technicians" there cannot properly re-create the nail art that they up-sell. I had to remove "art" and repaint my toenails. It's ALMOST worth the $20. If it cost any more, I would never go there again.
3	I'm from out of town so we'll see!!!Continued Review - It's been waaaay waay over a month since I visited Lee Nails and I still have all of my gel polish in tact!!!  I like the place for that reason alone.  This was my second time trying the gel and the first time I got it done, I was able to peel off every single nail like a sticker!So, since I now have an inch of out growth but all my color is still on and un-chipped, I can fairly give this place a decent review.  Eeeeewww ;)Homegirl who did my polish was a bit rough.  I was a bit shocked as to how they SCRAPED the remainder of the polish off with a knife like instrument though!  Since, this is my first go around with the whole Gel Manicure...I'll keep an open mind.
2	I was in need of a pedicure and just stopped by the first nail salon I saw while I was out running errands. This place is tucked away in the Food 4 Less shopping center on Las Vegas Blvd. The sign that read "Spa Pedicure $20" caught my eye because other places I've been to here in Vegas are at least $25.As I'm writing this review, the three women who work here are talking and laughing with each other in Vietnamese. One of them has a wad of cash in her hands that she's counting in front of customers. It's a Saturday afternoon and the fact that I'm one of two customers is very telling of how this place is.The lady who did my pedicure was nice enough and didn't bother to strike up a conversation (which I appreciate because I hate small talk). My massage chair was comfortable enough but the massage option was kind of weak.What I look forward to most with pedicures is the foot massage and I totally got jipped. The massage lasted less than a minute on each foot. (I know I could go to an actual foot massage place but I'm cheap .) I could understand if they were busy but like I said, there was only one other customer.My pedicure came out nice enough and I have yet to see if it lasts long. I would've much rather paid the extra $5 for better service.
1	I am glad to see Lee Nails has a yelp presence because otherwise I was going to have to go old school and picket in front of their door to warn people! My girlfriend and I went in for a pedicure on Saturday. The sign on their window reads "Spa Pedicure $20.00" and I expected the pedicure to be pretty spartan for that price. They did not have a very new or extensive magazine collection (everything was pretty old and falling apart) but I was able to find reading material and a color before being hurried to the spa chair. Once seated (next to my girlfriend who was also getting a pedicure) my nail technician asked if I would like "Salt Scrub Deluxe" and I asked what it was and how much it would be. She advised that it was an additional $5.00 and it consisted of a salt scrub on my legs and feet. She then gestured to a poster on the wall behind her listing out a description of the deluxe pedicure, which included the salt scrub, a foot mask and a cooling lotion, and a hand written note tacked on indicating the $5.00 price. My girlfriend confirmed the price with her nail technician, a middle aged male (we did not get his name), also and we agree that, yes, we did want the "Salt Scrub Deluxe" at the additional $5.00.What followed was an adequate pedicure, foot mask, salt scrub and massage. It wasn't the best pedicure I'd ever had, they rushed through it, but it felt pretty good and my technician was friendly. When it came time to dry they moved us to the drying lamps and brought us the bill. My girlfriend and I were both shocked to see that we had each been charged $30.00. I said, "No you quoted us $5.00 for the additional Salt Scrub Deluxe" and my girlfriend, having been sitting right next to me confirmed that was the price they had given us. The male nail technician that had done my BFF's pedicure was some sort of manager and REFUSED to remove the additional $5.00 from the bill; saying they had told us $10.00 from the start. When that didn't work he said the $5.00 was for the salt scrub only and the other $5.00 was for the mask and massage. I asked when we had agreed to the additional $5.00 and he couldn't tell us but he again refused to remove the charge. He then told MY nail technician to give me back my tip in order to make up the difference between what we were quoted and what we were charged. I refused to take it back because she had done a decent job and I didn't want her to suffer for the shady actions of her superior. At that point the male supervisor/nail tech walked away very obviously talking about us in Vietnamese, we paid and left.I will not be returning to Lee Nails and I will warn anyone I can to avoid them at all costs. They will up-charge you without your permission and will then accuse you of lying.  I give Lee Nails one shady, over charging star (and only because I can't give zero stars!). Do yourself a favor and pick from one of the zillion other nail salons in the area and avoid the hassle.
1	I went into Lee's Nails to get a mani/pedi and to have gel polish so it would last longer. The sign that had the Services and Price list had Gel- $5 which I took as $5 for Hands and $5 for feet. The staff member  did my pedicure then was starting to do the polish on my hands and said, "gel polish is going to be $20 for your hands and $20 for your feet." NOWHERE in the salon was it listed that the price of gel polish was $20 extra. I stopped my service right then and there and went to pay. They (another staff member, female, got involved and started screaming at me that it was NOT THEIR RESPONSIBILITY to tell me the prices, I should already know how much it costs) insisted i pay the full $75 (even though my manicure was not finished and there was NO gel polish on any of my fingernails. I refused and said I would pay them $40, which is the price of a mani/pedi with the extra $5 that was advertised. They said they were going to call the police and the female proceeded to LOCK ME INSIDE OF THE SALON, BLOCK ME FROM LEAVING WITH HER BODY AND PUSHED ME BACK WITH HER ARM and there was another staff member outside of the door holding it closed even though i had already been LOCKED IN and was being HELD AGAINST MY WILL. Then the two staff members started speaking in another language, which also made me uncomfortable as I had no idea what they were saying and it could have been VIOLENT. NEVER in my life have i felt so THREATENED. The police came  we came to the agreemeent that I would giveithem my $40 and I  left. I have never been CHEATED so badly in my life. This business is NOT GOOD for customers as they FALSELY ADVERTISE and then scream at you TELLING YOU THAT YOU ARE A CRIMINAL, then talk about you in another language and try to have you arrested. I truly think they need to be cited forFALSE ADVERTISING as well as a place that has no problem SCREAMING AT CUSTOMERS and physically holding them against their will.  DO NOT GO HERE THEY WILL CHEAT YOU, oh and I love how they told the police officer that they have problems with people getting upset about their pricing all the time, GEE I WONDER WHOS FAULT THAT IS!!!!!!!! ONE STAR BECAUSE I CANNOT GIVE NEGATIVE STARS
1	Worst nail shop ever!!! they over charge, when when the lady ran my credit card fro $90.00 instead of $55.00 i told her no.... she said it was for the tip. i said i would pay the tip in cash and she still ran it for 90.00$ and my nails were very messed up i just asked for red nails with a christmas tree on it... and i didnt even get a 100% effort i got about a 3% the only thing the lady did right was the nail polish.
5	I was very skeptical to get my nails done at Lee's Nails because of the not so good reviews on yelp, but because they are so close to my house and I didn't want to drive very far I decided to go!  And, to my surprise, I was pleased with the results. The salon is NOT the cutest in town, however the staff is warm and friendly. I got my nails done by Windy, he was very friendly and quite a conversationalist. He did such a great job with my nails, they look very natural. I usually don't like having acrylic nails because they can look so..bulky, but Windy did such a great job they are thin and nicely rounded. And, trust me, not everyone can round a nail nicely.  Definitely going back!
4	I've been to Lee's Nails at least a dozen times and Jen is great.  I'm usually there for a pedicure $20 and the calus remover $5 and the occasional gel nails $30.  Pros: Clean salon and toolsExtra pleasant serviceAttention to detail is stellarNails always look goodConvenient location with lots of room for parkingMassage chairs Great color selection for regular and gel nailsCons:It's always freezing but I'm usually a cold person so this could just be too cold for meMagazine selection is pretty weak
2	Average place.. I got my nail done here once and the next day they cracked and they fixed it for free but then A couple days later another one broke I just wasn't impressed with the service.
1	I've gone to Lee's nails because of the convenience but will never go there again. They have zero customer communication and their work is terrible. Went there Friday to try them one last time, didn't want the girl in the back and they had me sit with a guy up front who started my manicure, when two regulars walked in they asked me to go to the girl in the back, I should have complained and said no but went along with them. The gel nails lasted less than a week, this was a real waste of money, and I suggest you go elsewhere for your manicures.
5	These reviews I'm reading seem pretty outdated. This place is too amazing for words. I've been moved out of Las Vegas for 2 months now and I still long for the days that I had this place down the street from my house. I was a loyal customer for the entire year I lived in Vegas. -The prices are average -Service is amazing-They did not try to push extra services that you did not request  I've NEVER been disappointed by my experience at Lee's Nails. If I could transfer Jennifer to California with me, believe me I would. But trust me, any one of their staff will do an amazing job on your nails! Every single one of them have done mine and I've never been disappointed. I'd also like to review their eyelash extensions service:Lily does a phenomenal job. She charges $35 for a full set of cluster lashes. I used to get the cluster lashes and they were nothing short of perfect. She is a gem. I've never had to pay so little for such amazing lashes. She also does individual lash extensions but I do believe a full set is about $90 which is still cheap for Las Vegas. Lily is gentle, very professional and very reasonable. She takes her time to make sure you look great every time you walk out of that salon. She's so good at her job that I think she SHOULD be charging way more for her extensions, but none of us will complain for now.  Whether you drop by to get your nails done, your eyebrows waxed or your eyelashes pumped up, you will not regret coming to Lee's Nails. I'd give ten stars if I could.
2	Will not go back...I have lived in Las Vegas for 9 years and live just down the street from this place so trust me, I wanted to really love it for time convenience. I had tried it when I 1st moved to the area and was not impressed so never went back. I decided to give it another chance recently, thinking something might have changed after all these years but sadly, that wasn't the case. I felt no warmth to this place and the girl who did my nails was rather cold and just too quick. It was not, in any way, a relaxing experience. She was 20 minutes late on the appointment and every time she'd finished up with one of my hands she would practically throw it back at me as she reached for the other. She would ask me questions and then seem disinterested in my answers. I got to thinking, "why bother if you don't want me to respond?". Upon finishing, after I paid, she didn't even say thank you or good bye, just shooed me away and was onto the next customer. Not my idea of a great experience in any way. I will keep looking.
5	I was discouraged by the reviews but thought I would try anyway because I was right by here. I just had the best pedicure I have had in a long time. They took plenty of time and care through the pedicure. My husband came too and he equally enjoyed it. Ver good quality, clean, and fairly priced. 5 stars :)
