2	Aspen is a modern studenty bar with lots of comfy seating  and plasma TV screens showing sporty things. It's one of those places that seems to fluctuate from being welcoming and friendly to unwelcoming and unfriendly depending on who is working. There is one woman who I swear is the coldest and rudest bar person I have ever had the misfortune to come across, she is the antithesis of what good customer service should be like (she's lost this place a star) - I once went in to enquire about a job after being reliably informed that they were looking for staff, she bluntly told me that they weren't looking for anyone and then tried to stare me out! Needless to say, I left pretty sharpish. Most of the time though it's a decent enough place to have a few after dinner drinks or an afternoon coffee. I wouldn't come to Clerk St especially for this place, but if you've been dining at Mother India and The Brass Monkey is packed, it's fine for a digestif.
3	It seems to me that the general consensus about this bar taken by the Yelpers mirrors that of the general public, as I pass Aspen a few times nearly every day and have yet to see it be anything more than sparsely populated at best. They make quite a deal of the 3D football thing, which I've yet to experience but in all honesty can't see what it would possibly add to the experience, especially in a bar where you won't be right up close to the screen. Others are more easily impressed mind you, but unless Aspen can sort out their customer service, attitude and prices, they may not stay around long enough to reap the benefits.
3	"ASPEN BAR" is an anagram of "A ESPN BAR" and considering they've ripped off the logo it seems to be how creative they are.Seems the major selling point is "we have tv's" but really most places do. I go to the pub to hang out with my mates, and it's quite hard to hear them and very hard to get served.It's not great is what I'm saying. It's alright, but it's not great.
2	I'm not really sure what's going on with this place. There are massive TVs everywhere, which seems to be the theme of their bar as the friendly Yelpers before me have mentioned. Somehow this place just doesn't quite cut it though.I popped in here on a rainy night with two friends simply because we didn't want to walk any further, but it turned out to be the wrong choice of venue. I've got asthma and since the ban on smoking inside that hasn't been such a big deal for me. Unfortunately at this bar, people take it upon themselves to smoke in the open doorway, which meant that I had an asthma attack all the way at the back of the bar because the smoke drifted in that far. Can you say embarrassing? We changed seats three times in order to get away from it (and I felt like such a hassle because of it) but ended up leaving after it was clear that there was no getting away from it.I guess if you like big screen TVs instead of good company, this is the place to go. If you're -like me- asthmatic, do yourself a favour, run don't walk, run far far away!
3	What the....? Jeez I need to learn not to judge a book by its cover. Not that the cover of this book..em, I mean bar and grill is anything bad. It's more I have some preconcieved notions about certain areas, and bars that have sports screens, and the vibe inside. It at first looked a little generic and soulless.Yes Aspen has tv screens from every possible angle, on every possible wall. Seriously, if you want to watch some tv (usually sport) every single table as its own private tv screen. There's no sound (or there wasn't when we went) but in a weird way it was nice because the three of us who were there could sit round a table and all appear to engage in conversation without one (the male) craning his neck or ducking back and forth around moving heads in order to see the replay of that goal. It allowed Joe (sorry, secrets out) the pleasure of casually watching the game on the screen a few feet from his eyes, at gaze-level, whilst still engaging. If there's a sports bar I would go to, this is it.But it's not really a sports bar because it was, well, quite nice inside. Almost plush. THe heating was cranked up full, which I was greatly appreciative of and will remember when the cold really does settle in. It wasn't that busy and for now I will continue to judge book covers by saying the food could be dubiously 'meh' (think Wetherspoons). It's not exactly bistro / gastropub / insert other fancy schmancy word here that allows a pub to call itself something else.It's also a bit of a weird mishmash of comfy, colourful, girly living room with sports bar. The bar man deserves a shout out for being good humoured, and at first not being sure if he had enough chocolate powder to make Steph's hot chocolate, then found out he had enough to make it...and an extra half cup and once we'd taken our seats proceeded to bring her the extra half cup, which looked deliciously foamy. He was down to earth and cool.So for that quick sloe gin / hot chocolate / JD for 20 minutes of a footie game mid-evening on a Saturday it did the job nicely. I can't quite work out what it's supposed to be, and not sure how the crowd can be here on other nights. But it's comfy, homely, friendly and with regulars who weren't in yo' face. I could see myself stopping by here again for football / a gin / with a good book for half an hour.Well played Aspen, well played.
3	Aspen was my local for the year that my wife and I lived in Edinburgh.  It's kind of ironic, as it is not the kind of place I would necessarily pick at first glance.  The bar is literally covered in televisions showing all manner of sporting events, and we are not really sports people.  But hey, it was close, convenient, and friendly, so as time went on, it became the place we would go just to hang out.  And you know what?  It was a great place to hang out.  The food was good, the drinks cold, the people friendly.  It was the perfect place for a quick pint on a weeknight.  And I miss that.
5	Steaks are as good as I've had anywhere in the world.  Well worth a visit.
2	I've always seen this bar as a sports bar but when I was there last night myself and my friends looked around thinking it was the strangest sports bar we've ever seen. It seems like it tries to be a sports bar with the tv screens at each table but then the decor around it doesn't fit with the sports theme. For a bar so central to town I would have expected it to be hopping on a Saturday night but it was very quiet. I found the place to be quite boring and bland. They did have entertainment in the form of a guy playing his guitar and singing. Though when he stopped playing there was no other music put on and the place seemed so quiet that we thought it was closing until he started playing again! The drinks appeared to be cheap enough apart from some of the beers, and the girl that was serving me was friendly but other than that nothing appeals to me about this bar. I wouldn't choose to go there again.
