4	Located on the second level of the Fashion Show Mall, this brightly lit store is organized well, and features their island scents front and center, like Bali Mango (my favorite out of the three scents), Hawaiian Coconut (my husband said that it is is really faint), and Fiji Passionfruit (smells good). The nice sales lady told us that it is being offered at a limited time and continued to let us know what the latest promotions were. My husband liked the new candle scents as well: island colada, vanilla coconut, frosted cupcake, pineapple mango, tropical spice, and island nectar. Not my faves (yuck): pineapple orchid & fresh bamboo. This is where we spent the most time. Some scents did not smell like anything. Make sure you smell each one so you get an idea what you really like. The smallest candles were on special for 3 for $5! Other promotions were: travel minis were 3 for $10, antibacterial minis were $1 when you bought bulk- can't remember if it was five or ten. Upon checkout, the cashier gave us a coupon for a new promotion. And the cashier always asks for your telephone number and e-mail address for upcoming promotions and coupons.
5	Placed almost right across Papyrus at the Fashion Show Mall, BBW's scents drew me in from a good 20 feet away yesterday as I paced along the shops with a galpal. We were overwhelmed with an aura of summer, their new line of tropical scents arranged in such a cute way by the entrance - what girl could say no to that - but that wasn't exactly the highlight of our visit. Apparently, GLITTER is the new in - certain scents like 'Paris Amour' (my signature favourite) now have GLITTER body mists, GLITTER lotion, GLITTER hand scrub and GLITTER body mousse. The latter took us aback sooo much because, just like hair mousse, you fizz it onto your palms and as you lather it up your skin, it brews and sizzles! 'It must be the whole Twilight glittering vampire craze that's going on,' I joked, 'Looks like BBW's on team Edward' And what's even more amazing is how the scent stayed on my skin the very next day. You would think it fades by night but no, this bottle is worth every dollar for every ounce - that's $12.50 for 3.5oz/104ml if I remember well. Unfortunately, not all their scents have been given the priviledge of having their own glitter extension products. My friend was hoping they had it for 'Be Enchanted' and 'Twilight Woods' but they didn't so we asked the sales assistants if there was a way we could request to have them made or have old products brought back in. They recommended calling in the number printed on our receipts - I believe it's BBW's customer service number - and if you have any feedback to give them, they'd be happy to take your opinions into consideration. Oh and by the way, did you know that BBW and Victoria's Secret are sister companies? Be sure to check out VS just a floor below.
4	Friendly staff and great deals equals for an easy shopping experience. There are a few new lines of fragrances. Some border on the obnoxious candy side while others are more subtle. I personally come here for the body scrubs, candles, and hand soaps when in doubt on what to gift to people. They are a safe bet and tend to be pleasant additions to a more personalized item.Right now the deal is buy 2, get 1 free or buy 3, get two free on select items.
3	I normally don't give one of my many many favorite stores an average rating but this store in particular disappoints me. You would think since it is located at the fashion show mall, THE mall of all malls in a tourist city like this, they would have a bigger selection of items.I came in here looking or their annual autumn bath and body fragrance scent of Sweet Cinnamon Pumpkin lotion in the TRAVEL SIZE (the 3 for $10 ones) Long story short, they didn't have ANY of the trail size lotion in their autumn scents. I figured I must of been too late to be able to buy it cuz maybe they were getting ready for their holiday items. Soooooo......I settled for Sweet Pea lotion instead.A week later...I went to the B&BW at Caesars Forum shops and lo and behold, they HAVE THE FREAKIN LOTION I WAS LOOKING FOR!!!!! Not only do they have plenty in stock, they had ALL 3 autumn fragrance available!!!! !$#%$^$  I was pissed but I got over it quick. Lesson learned. I usually go to the one at Fashion show mall because it is easier to get to than the forum shops. (don't get me started on local malls around our city. I WILL NOT go to any of them.)  But I think from now on, I might just bite the bullet and take that annoying drive to THE center of tourist land just so I know they'll have a product I'm looking for.For those of you who were too lazy to read my semi long review, here's the jist of it: DO NOT come to this one. Not a big selection. Go to Forum shops location. Better selection, bigger store.
4	This is your typical Bath & Body Works location but I find this one to be very well stocked. You know how some of their shops have shelves that look half empty? Not here. It's a small location but the service is always good and they always have what I want or need. Nice products that are overpriced (so wait for a sale). Give them your e-mail address for special coupons and offers.
