3	Had a corned beef sandwich and coffee.  The corned beef was good.  They need to add a value proposition or wow factor, then this will be a great place.  My suggestion would be to charge a couple dollars more for the sandwich and throw in the sides.  $2.50 ea for a side of potato salad or coleslaw, yeeks.  Thats $5 for typical sides with a corned beef sandwich thats already $9.00, Mound the corned beef, give a bit of value.  When you are eating there I do not like the idea of paying when you order.  I also thought it was a bit insulting to be asked for a dollar for a refill of my coffee.  This could be a great place with a few little "value" improvements.  Service and value need work.
3	Good:  My sandwich was super tasty...Grilled Cheese with ham MOUNDED ON.  The bread was expertly toasted.  Tomato tasted like a tomato.Bad:  $9 average for a SANDWICH??!!??  Some were $12!  This isn't NYC!I would've loved to try something else other than a GC, but I have a mortgage to pay.Summary:  I was soooooo looking forward to this addition to my neighborhood, but probably will never go back.  Bummer.  This place looks like it belongs on Monroe Street, not Atwood Ave.  It's just too bad they didn't skimp on the build-out, reclaim some old diner bar and stools, and pass the savings onto the customer.  I'm still giving 3 stars because the food was good, the service was fine, and maybe this is your kind of thing.  For me, the next time I want an awesome Grilled Sandwich I'm going downtown to the Old Fashioned and I'm getting fries with it for the same price.
2	"Piled high?" Please don't insult me... especially at $9/sandwich a la carte. It's insulting really. If by "piled high" they mean bullshit, then I guess its not too far from the truth. Value-wise, it is horrible. In NYC or Chicago, a deli like this wouldn't last a week. Perry's Deli in Chicago has far larger sandwiches that are actually CHEAPER than Stazly's in Madison. There's something terribly wrong with that. The side salad was okay, but the serving was skimpy. If you're going to use a container for a side of macaroni salad, at least fill the damn thing. Rather, it looked like one scoop of macaroni with lots of space around it... perhaps to underscore the lack of value. Unfortunately, I don't think this deli is going to change prices, include a side, or add more meat to their sandwiches. Maybe if for a dollar extra you can get a side of soup, or potato pancakes, or for $.50 extra, a scoop of slaw or potato salad, that might make sense. Since people are so desperate for something decent in this neighborhood, I fear that the local herd of sheep will continue to support this business, despite the ridiculous prices. I mean, for $9, I can go buy my own corned beef, rye bread, and side salad from a grocery store deli, and probably have a decent chunk of change left over. It's another disappointment on the East Side as I am still in search of quality AND value. As for the sandwich... fatty, and not in the "piled high" sense. For every 1/2 of meat on the slice, there was nearly an equal amount of fat. The bread and the sandwich did taste good, the macaroni salad was pedestrian, and certainly not worth the a la carte price. The sandwich is also constructed to look thicker than it really is, with the meat kind of wadded up in the middle for presentation sake, then thinning out to about a slice or so, I'd say a 1/3 of the way from the center. The wad of meat in the middle gives the appearance of thickness, as you're mostly chewing on bread after a few bites. At deli's that pride themselves on the true meaning of "piled high" the thickness in the dead-center of a Stazly's sandwich is actually the thickness throughout the sandwich at the kind of legendary delicatessens that they're trying to be. Service was friendly and decent. However, if this place feels justified in lying ("piled high"), and charging ridiculous prices, I have no intentions to return any time soon.In closing, I really do want to like this place. I just don't want to pay $9 for a sandwich that leaves me hungry. If Stalzy's wants to be on the level of a Perry's or Manny's, Everyone should be leaving with half a sandwich left to eat later, as 1/2 is enough. If they don't plan on truly piling the meat on, then maybe a price cut is in order. Making things in house should mean better prices. Being in Madison on the East side should mean lower prices, but for some reason, value continues to be elusive.
4	Living only blocks down the road and a huge fan of a corned beef reuben, I was ecstatic to see darkened windows of the closed Africana lit back up with a wonderful deli. Stalzy's couldn't have picked a better spot, nestled between Bunky's Cafe and Daisy Cafe and Cupcakery, just steps off the bike trail. The ambiance inside is perfect; they did a great job of overhauling the former Africana.I've eaten there several times with a few different friends and everyone's opinion of the food they've ordered has been great. My top three are the corned beef, turkey pastrami and regular pastrami. They also have great bialys and other breads, and the sides are awesome.I personally didn't have a problem with the size of the sandwich I received as some people have mentioned. However, I will agree that for $9, I was kinda expecting to get a side or two included with my sandwich. That would be my only real criticism at this point. I have noticed; however, that when they've posted the daily special on Facebook (yeah, go be a fan!), they've included a side. So, I am hoping this is something they're sorting out as we speak.I am looking forward to picking up some sides and hot dogs for grilling out this spring/summer.If you haven't given Stalzy's a chance yet, head up there right away. And a little helpful note, they're cash-only like a lot of other Atwood/Willy St. businesses.
2	I live in the neighborhood and would really like to love Stalzy's. While living in San Diego, we would frequent The Cheese Shop (a deli in La Jolla Shores), with its huge sandwiches and wonderful cheese selection, it was always packed. I agree with most posters on the price. It is surprising that a Madison deli would be more expensive than the tourist town of La Jolla. I am more than happy to pay for quality and quantity, but I just didn't see it in the few times we have been to Stalzy's. We had to get $40 out of the ATM just to cover our lunch, and pay a fee on top of that. The itsy-bitsy burger on a big white plate seemed pathetic and sad. At least try to make the plate look somewhat full or use a smaller plate! I guess we could have paid an extra $4 for a little scoop of potato salad, but I would rather just go a few blocks down to Jenny Street and get a whole pound. I just can't bring myself to continue paying these prices. The burger itself was not good quality meat. It had fatty chunks and left us feeling ill after wards. The Classic Club Triple Decker was piled high with turkey and the bacon was tasty (albeit on the burnt side). However, I am used to clubs being layered; this one is not. There was way too much mayo on the sandwich. I am a huge fan of Madison Sourdough's bread, but the bread on our sandwiches was old, dried out and hard, to the point where parts were uneatable. The staff was extremely slow. We wanted to take home half of our sandwich and asked for a bag. We were told that they had to wrap it up in the back. This involved going to the counter waiting for someone to take our sandwich to the window (5mins) where the sandwich sat for a good period of time. Then we waited while one of the sandwich makers wrapped it in paper in the kitchen (10mins). Finally we were able to leave, only almost $30 poorer. I will probably go back to try a few more things, but the place just seems to leave me with a longing for a better neighborhood deli every time.
3	Really excited about the idea, but the prices are definitely inflated, as almost everyone has mentioned.
3	man... i was so excited when stalzy's opened. but what can I say that hasn't already been said? the decor is really nicely done and the food is decent, but it's SO overpriced... yet another example of this town being too big for its britches (news flash: Madison is NOT a metropolitan area, so charging $12 for a sandwich sans side is really not ok). the club was good and the bacon they used was top notch, but come on, guys. I think it's safe to say that everyone in the neighborhood is happy you're here and would like to see you last, but you might want to rethink your portions and pricing.
2	I have been waiting for the opportunity to try Stalzy's.  A local review praised the quality and quantity of the food.  The best part of the corned beef sandwich was the bread.  At $9 for a Rueben, it should be worth $9.  When you take a bite of your sandwich, you shouldn't pull out the entire contents.  Large amounts of fat were included, at no charge.  Things they could do to improve ... Thinner slices and better trimmed meat and include a side for $9!
4	This is way better than Ella's deli. The price and portions are about the same but the quality/freshness is far superior.
4	Jeez Louise, Madison, keep your pants on. Nine bucks for a good reuben is reasonable. And a good reuben is exactly what I had at Stalzys. The corned beef was a great victory of flavor and texture. The rye was lightly grilled, possibly in real butter, providing a little crunchy richness.I got a small container of potato salad to go, and it rivaled what I used to buy from the family-owned Polish deli in my hometown. Bring cash money.
4	I like this place. I had a really great bowl of Borscht here. I also think the sandwiches I tried we quite good. The turkey ruben and a special turkey salad sandwich were great. There are a few rough edges but I don't think the prices are out of line for well crafted deli fare.
2	Second try - still disappointing. Still overpriced.
4	Everything I've had so far has been tasty, well-portioned (if not huge), all with great service. Deli meats sliced to the right thickness, breads are well-made. Latest was the PBLT (pastrami, bacon, lettuce, tomato) The bacon was their house, double-smoked and delicious...pastrami lightly grilled, fresh tomato, very filling with a side of creamy macaroni salad.Wish I still live din the neighborhood - great needed deli for Madison.
5	Loved this place! Finally got a chance to try it with my 4 year old. They have a kids menu, but she ordered the grilled cheese off the regular menu and loved it. I got the turkey sandwich and we also got an order of potato pancakes. They were delicious!! I can't wait to go back. Prices were moderate and well worth it!! The service at the counter was excellent too!!
1	We tried Stalzy's again last night, for its Friday fish fry and again the only thing that had the "wow" factor was the price. Since we live in the neighborhood, we decided to do take out. It was $20 for two pieces of walleye. The fish was nice size, unfortunately we could not eat it. It was way too salty. After a few bites, it made us sick. It is unfortunate because the pan-fried breading seemed like it would have been quite good otherwise. But at last, the only flavor was table salt. The fish comes with two "potato pancakes". Only these were not like any potato pancake I have ever had. Let me just add a disclaimer here, I grew up eating homemade potato pancakes. So the "pancake" was more like a mushy crepe, burnt black on both sides. Amazingly even with the char, it was still mushy. I would compare most closely to the sponge bread served in Ethiopian restaurants, only not as good. Like the fish, it was uneatable. So we are left with the coleslaw and rye bread (not toasted). Also included, was what I can only think was an attempt at condiments. One pre-squeezed, very thin lemon that was less a wedge and more like a sliver was included in our styrofoam to-go box. Along with what I think was once tarter sauce, only it was hard to tell because again it looked as though someone had already had used most of it. Although, there was some extra drizzled and dried down the side of the cup. So for all of this, we dealt with the ATM fee, a very pretentious counter girl who gave us attitude about taking our food to go, and tried to overcharge us. Again, Stalzy's missed the mark, and has one less neighborhood customer. So disappointing, I so want to love this place. If you are in the neighborhood, try The Victory across the street, or Daisy's Cafe a block away. Save your money and skip Stalzy's.
3	Being someone with a lot of experience eating at Jewish delis, I'm having trouble both with finding Stalzy's sandwiches "huge" or with raving about the food. Stalzy's is super-cute and I enjoyed the decor, products (old-timey gums and sodas and such), and food well-enough, but it was hard not to be disappointed after all my friends' ravings.I got a salami sandwich (not on the menu), and the bread was good. The sandwich was small, though, by deli standards. A person with a bigger appetite would have been sad. I ordered a horseradish mayo that didn't have much flavor, and the onion slices that came with the sandwich were threadbare. So, jury's out, as the fervor with which respected friends talk about this place make me want to try it again. The Reuben, I have to admit, looked better than my sandwich.
4	The only decent deli in town.Now I'm talking Jewish Deli - for Italian Deli there's always Ginos, Frabonis, etc.  But for Jewish Deli, nothing comes close.I'm from the Detroit Area, where we have a large Jewish population.  Great delis.I've been to NYC many times.  Great delis (Carnegie is ok, Katz's is mind blowing).Madison, not so much. Living in Madison, a decent deli is something I've missed for a long time.  I've tried every suggestion for 'a great reuben' and have been disappointed every time.  That being said, I wasn't super impressed with Stalzys' reuben - not nearly enough meat.  What I would suggest is ordering the 'bread meat bread' sandwich.  The bread meat bread is the only sandwich* I've had here (or anywhere in Madison) that has enough meat that I would consider it a deli sandwich.Not a good deli by serious deli standards, but definitely decent.  Hands down the best I've had in Madison.  *burgers excluded
4	We went on a Sunday, and had a great experience.  Food 4.5/5Atmosphere 3/5Price 4/5 (the quality's there to justify higher than average prices).Will definitely be going back.
4	My first experience at Stalzy's can be summed up in one word: Souuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup.The day I grabbed grub they were dishing up mushroom barley. A mean, mean mushroom barley that rivals my mom's. Great flavor. Great mush to barley ratio. Thick soothing texture. I'd slurp that sucker again if they had it. (Anyone know where they post the soup of the day? Twitter? FB?)After my soup I dove into the combo, half pastrami and half corned beef on toasted rye. It was tasty, perhaps a little fattier than I prefer, but great flavor and not overwhelming-can't- stuff-it-in-your-mouth-large. I'm excited to get back there because their other sandwich offerings made it hard to decide which wich.
4	The food here is excellent.  Breakfast - Corned beef hash is the best I have ever had, fantastic.  The coffee is very good too, which is important to me when it comes to brekkie.  The place has a great atmosphere, very clean and we are always treated well by the staff.Double smoked beef brisket is excellent, again some of the best I have ever had.All said, I love this place.  Prices are a bit steep, but everything so far has been done right and I hope this place is around for a long time
3	Good food, prices seem a bit steep.
5	This place is awesome.We were vendors at Stalzy's fall flea market.  This was the first time I ever heard of the place.  They pride themselves on being a model of a New York style deli.  I've never been to New York, but I'll say, save the airfare and eat here.You'll be amazed how clean the place is.  Also the staff is more friendly than a bunch of glazed eye Christians at a Billy Graham revival.  They really made you fee welcome.The menu choices are vast.  Burgers, sandwiches, beer... Stalzy has what you'd expect in a higher end deli.  No other place in Madison has such good sandwich choices.Being a deli, I ordered a  Pastrami Ruben.  Simply the best I've ever had.  Great quality meats, bread and toppings.  They make there own pastrami.  Pure bliss.The only downfall to some might be the prices, but when you figure the sandwich was large and in charge, and busting with quality, 9 dollars isn't that unreasonable.I'll definitely come back again.  I think the only way a trip to Stalzy's could be more like a trip to New York is to arrive in a yellow taxi reeking with curry.A++ Stalzy's!
2	I love corned beef...and salami...and pastrami...and most cured meats for that matter (like bacon...mmm...bacon!).  I'm partial to Manny's in Chicago even after journeys to the supposed best delis in the world in New York City.  So, I wanted to love Stalzy's, I really did.  It's a classic deli!  Right in my neighborhood!  The design and decor from the logo is very well done.  The staff was friendly, and nice when I dined.  The menu was limited and focused on breakfast all day and classic deli fare.  It really had all the ingredients going for a great restaurant... until the food came.A very small for $9 sandwich promptly arrived.  Thin, unsubstantial, and flavorless rye bread was dominated and soaked through with grease by massively oversalted corned beef and pastrami.  Supposedly lean cuts of each were heavily striated with lots of fat, which was made worse by my inability to get ultra thin sliced meat because they preslice it.  Chewing through these thick fatty layers just made me feel gross.  To top it all off, they didn't have any plain yellow mustard.  They only had the "deli" kind with horseradish that I hate.Overpriced bad food with small servings in a lovely setting near my house served with a smile.  I won't be returning.
2	Here's my experience.  I have an hour long lunch break on the same side of town, and they can't even get my sandwich out to me in time.  A ten dollar sandwich that can't be ready in under 30 minutes?  No thanks.
5	The best barbecue I have ever had. End of review.
4	A great addition to the neighborhood.  One of the best Rubens I've had anywhere...also the beet salad was great.  They have a nice deli counter and a little store area with interesting items, craft beers, cold drinks.  Very high quality food at a moderate price; all meats are house-cured.  My only suggestion would be to dial back the salt on the meats.  Two people at my table said, 'wow, that is the saltiest sandwich we have ever had.'  But I do understand that each batch is individual and there is probably some variaton.
5	Best Reuben I've ever had. Very friendly staff, and beautiful dining room. The hot dog is quite good, and the breakfast stuff is off the hook. It is expensive, but the quality is there. They also have Hamm's on tap!
2	Lets start with the positive I loved the Orange Ruglah.I had a pastrami sandwich and I LOVE good pastrami.  If you like overly salty oversmoked meats this might be a place you'll love.  I love to smoke things.  I have two smokers in my backyard and even from time to time make my own Pastrami.  I have been to Katz's deli in New York and seek out good authentic Pastrami.  Stalzy's is unique they heavily smoke their own meats and I think they are a bit over the top on their Pastrami.  Now I live smoked food but it has to compliment the food not be tie end all be all quality that comes out (other than salt in this case)That said there is enough praise for this place here to make me want to try some of the other neat things looking on their menu so i may revisit my rating at a later date and will stop again
5	WHAT.THE.HELL?!People always tell me about places they think I should check out and if I'm being completely honest, that list is getting so long, it'll be months before I work my way though the awesomness from Sun Prairie to Verona... there are just so many out there. BUT I have a running list, so keep them coming folks. Now when two people in the same week rave about a fish fry at a sandwich shop... A SANDWICH SHOP... one has to wonder: How good can it be? It's good folks. It's really flippin' good. It's so good I'm willing to say it's the best fish fry I've had in Madison, and I'm a little afraid to get fish fry anywhere else now.Tonight it was baked or fried walleye, hand breaded with your choice of German style potato salad or potato pancakes, the creamiest coleslaw you'll ever eat, a selection of Stalzy's breads and baked beans if you want to add those for a buck. I debated it, but decided against it, and I'm glad I did because holy cow it's a ton of food. Half a pound of breaded fried delicious fishy goodness. I can't even describe to you how flavorful the breading is. I know a lot of people think Stalzy's isn't shy on the salt, and I'd say the same for the breading, but honestly, how much flavor does fried fish really have? I say salt that bad boy! At $16 it's steep compared to what you'll find at Avenue or Toby's. Two of my other favorites in town. But honestly, the amount of food, the quality of the fish, the flavor, did I mention the shear amount of food? If it's nearing Friday put this place on your list. So damn good.
1	What a let down. Wanted something from New York deli and this is nothing close. The prices are certainly from NYc but the quality and amount of food lacks for the price. The fish fry is way way over priced. 15 buck for 4 pieces  of greasy fish come on. Had a pastrami and it was like a salt lick over smoked. We also had corned beef that was not good either. Not sure about all these post about the quality but tell you one thing. You better bring your wallet with plenty of cash. We had 2 sandwiches and and 1 fish fry and  cost around 45 bucks.The service was also poor. I would save your money and eat somewhere else.
4	I stopped in here on a whim one evening, and I am so glad I did! Here's why:1. Every staff member I interacted with, from the fellow who took my order to the woman who brought me my sandwich, was particularly warm, gracious, and friendly.2. The BLT I ordered was darn good. It's hard to mess up a BLT, but also hard to make one that's actually memorable, as mine was. 3. They offer a variety of interesting sides beyond the standard chips or fries. I ordered the pickled beets, which were not technically pickled, but rather fresh beets dressed in a flavorful vinaigrette. 4. While I was waiting for my food, I was offered a free sample of some tasty beef and, even more unexpectedly, red wine!5. The atmosphere is cozy--I felt comfortable sitting alone and leisurely enjoying my sandwich, and I saw someone else drinking coffee and doing homework like you might in a coffeeshop. But there were also small groups, and I think it would be a great place to meet someone for a casual meal.   I will definitely be back to try some more of their offerings, including the deli side of things!
5	Great food, great service.  This place is a winner!  Best Brooklyn Reuben ever, I'll be back
4	Cash only joint, don't worry they have an atm there and will give you a $1 off your order if you present your receipt.  If you're into cure meats and homemade everything, this is a great choice.Update:  food is still great and I love coming in here for the pastrami.  The last few times in though the service has been slooooowwwwww.  We also had a burger the last time around, don't.  Stick with the Pastrami.
4	I like their roast beef sandwiches. Zippy sauces and clean tables. Service was ok - your order at the counter and they bring it to you. Not much interaction. Very good variety of drinks (yes! Sprechers Cream Ale).
4	Living in Chicago most of my life, I know Deli's!   Food was great and loved the big kosher dill (one my fav's and so reminds of Chicago where you wouldn't get a Deli sandwich anywhere without one!).   I like the old fashioned bar thing and ample parking.  Nice to have somewhere to go for good old fashioned deli food.  Service wasn't that great  though- could have used more help, place was crowded and waitress had some attitude going on.  Excellent cole slaw and good prices.
1	NYC prices without the taste of new York.
4	Famished & frustrated beyond belief thanks to Charter Communications and their complete incompetence, I raced over to Stalzy's for a quick bite to eat before heading off on more errands. But not before peeling off a lovely "welcome to the neighborhood" parking ticket from my car... I should've stayed in bed today...Anyway, about Stalzy's...What a great place. The staff was superb; oh so friendly, expedient, and fun. I ordered the turkey and cheese sandwich, and chose rye for my bread, based on a recommendation from the staff. The bread may just be the hidden star here. Yes, the turkey was "real," flavorful, moist, and piled plenty high. Yes, the veggies were crisp and fresh. Yes, the cheddar was thick, fragrant, and ever so slightly crumbly (a good sign). But the rye bread... wow. Soft, flavorful, perfect crust - mmm, so good.The kosher pickle wedge sealed the deal. I'm definitely a fan. I can't wait to go back, try the fish fry, and enjoy an ice cold tap of Hamms or Lake Louie (or one of the many bottles of microbrew available here).
3	I'm a Jewish transplant to Madison. I grew up eating in Jewish delis.  So I have pretty high standards when it comes to my corned beef, pastrami, matzo ball soup, pickles and latkes.I give Stalzy's 3 stars for going to the trouble of making their own corned beef and other meats, and because the only other attempt at a Jewish deli in Madison is Ella's, which is more like a crazy funhouse ice cream parlor that happens to also serve mediocre corned beef sandwiches. But I'm sorry, a proper deli corned beef sandwich has a minimum of a 1/2 pound of meat on it.  You want a smaller sandwich?  Get a half sandwich.  Stalzy's sandwiches don't come close to measuring up in this regard, and while they make their meats in house, I just wasn't overly impressed.  As for y'all Madison folks giving 4-5 stars, hit up Jake's in Milwaukee or Manny's in Chicago, and then come talk to me. Actually the folks who run Stalzy's should check those places out too.
4	My first time at Stalzy's was one of best burgers and fries in the Atwood neighborhood, and the price literally cannot be beat! I didn't understand the "seat yourself and come find us when you are read to order" atmosphere at first, but the more you go, the more you get used to it! Go here, try their burger and fries - you will not be let down! :-)
5	Friendly staff and delicious deli fare. We enjoyed the triple and the borscht. The borscht was filling and had a kick to it. The triple is a behemoth, multi-tiered sandwich with coleslaw. I definitely recommend sharing the triple with a friend. They only take cash and check but they have an ATM inside and will discount the ATM service fee for you.
4	It took us many years before we encountered this little gem in Atwood neighborhood. I have little knowledge about Jewish deli so it took us a while to figure what to order. I really appreciate that the staff explained the menu to us with great patience. They make bread, corned beef, pastrami and sausages themselves and provide the meat to other restaurant in town. You can also purchase bread or meat to go. We had "Brooklyn Breakfast" (beef pastrami sandwich) and a Challah French Toast. Very delicious. Quite a refreshing taste from other more regular brunch places. The portion is a bit small, though. People in our group had Stalzy's bloody Mary. Pretty fancy. Apparently they are quite good that a friend of us ordered a second one. I hope to return sometime in the future to try out Saltzy's non-brunch food. Note: Cash only. Seat yourself before your order.
5	Ignore everything I said in my earlier review and go get breakfast today!(Seriously!) The sandwich joint with Madison's best fish fry also serves incredible breakfast!And it really doesn't matter what you get... potato pancakes, Challah French toast, corned beef hash... it's all going to be good and it's all served ALL DAY!
5	Ate here for the first time last night. Amazing!!!  I'm not super adventurous so I took the safe route and had the burger. The burger itself was awesome, but they top it off with homemade bun (icing on the cake!). My husband had the Rachel. Pastrami and coleslaw sandwich. I don't like cole slaw but tasted it anyway; it blew me away, and then I ate more. I think it's great food at a great value and can't wait to go back.
4	My husband and I had lunch at Stalzy's for the first time last week.  My pastrami on rye was very good.  The regular pastrami (one can also order lean for $2 more) was tasty and thinly sliced, with a reasonable amount of fat.  The light rye was decent though nothing special.  My husband had turkey and cheddar on white with lettuce and sliced tomato.  Pickle slices were also good.  There were free refills on the house-made iced tea.  The amount of meat on the sandwiches was reasonable rather than piled high as is the case with most NYC Jewish delis.  I like it this way because a high pile of meat causes meat overload!
3	Only been here once, but was not as impressed as people hyped it up to be. Sandwiches were small as far as typical deli sandwiches go. Both my and my wife's sandwiches were overly greasy. Pluses were the Bloody Mary (according toy wife), the outdoor seating, and the service. I got a melty first trip but will try more of a traditional deli sandwich like corned beef next time.
5	Great sandwich joint. Quality ingredients make for wonderful sandwiches. I would agree that the sandwich size is a little on the smaller side. However, for me it was perfect for lunch. I would also say the price reflects well on the portion size.ATM located in the restaurant if you get caught without cash. They will refund a dollar if you show them a receipt.
5	More people should be flocking to this place. This is some of the best lunch and dinner food I have ever eaten and will always come back. Their deserts are delicious, as well. I come here for take-out often, and am so in love with the entire menu. The location is fabulous and the staff is ALWAYS friendly. This is a perfect place for a family to gather for lunch or even a quick meal. Friendly/delicious/pefect
5	My favorite thing about Stalzy's is that they stick to the basics but they do them really well. The menu may not sound super impressive in comparison to the prices but when you get your meal the quality is superb. These sandwiches are made with quality, local ingredients and with the above average drink selection they really provide the deli experience I expect. Dont let the simple titles fool you this top notch food is worth of your lunch(or breakfast) hour any day.My sandwich of choice is the ham and swiss, simple, delectable, delicious :)
4	Just had what have been the best Reuben of my life but I did just have the most expensive one. $9 for a small sandwich with no sides just seem a bit much.
3	I recently made my first trip to Stalzy's and I found that while I got a tasty meal, Stalzy's did not live up to the hype.  The service was great and the decor looked like what you would expect for a neighborhood deli.  Stalzy's even has a small shop area where they sell their housemade meats and bread.  Bring your wallet though, because none of the items are cheap.  Now on to the meal.  I am a huge Reuben fan, so I had to get one.  I ordered a Brooklyn Reuben that had pastrami instead of corn beef.  I was a little disappointed when the sandwich came.  I was expecting a sandwich so high, I would not be able to fit it in my mouth.  I was thinking this sandwich would be like something you would get in an NY deli.  I paid almost 13 dollars for the meal, potato salad included, and left hungry.  The sandwich was tasty and the only complaint I had with it was that is was a bit salty.  The punchline: Good sandwiches, but bring your wallet and not your appetite.
3	Went here for Oktoberfest fest on a windy cold 43 degree day. The weather looks liked it kept people away. Went here for beer and the live band. Karben4 brewery supplied the beer. The fest food looked good but we already ate. For Oktoberfest I thought a Latin American jazz band was strange. The weather and the out of place band led us on our way.
2	I gave this 2 stars. If I go back and breakfast is killer I *might* bump to a 3. And that's because of the service.We've been in here about 3 times since it opened, most recently tonight, and the staff is just snarky and rude. You get the sense that they think patrons should be just lucky to eat there. Kinda ruins the whole experience.First, snark. Then after the rudeness you get to choose - at a walk-up service counter - whether you want to tip? Um, no. I have to admit it takes some skills to be rude in 3-4 different ways in a 2-minute transaction. Another poor guy came in after us at 7:50 and the staff person said first thing to him, "We close in 10 minutes." Proud of the guy for saying something like "Can't you pound out a sandwich in 10 minutes?" I mean, really.We had the turkey pastrami (pretty good) and a tuna melt that was a one-slice, open-faced melt. It was just ho-hum. The potato salad side was good. I wish the menu would have said they had German potato salad, too, because another staff person came up to us with it in hand to asked if we ordered it. (We hadn't, would have if it were on the menu.)So the food's decent, they've got a lot of beer, but there's a 2.7% debit card charge. And like most of the other reviewers have said it's expensive, too.  But just remember, the rudeness is for free!
1	FoodJust say no. I ordered the grilled cheese with turkey. It was so salty that it was barely edible. The sandwich was pretty small for $5.50, I was hoping that the sandwich would be somewhat filling. I did not make it a platter meal because the side options were terrible. Four out of seven are mayonnaise based salads. The other three are pickled or vinegar. Sauerkraut is prevalent throughout the menu. I understand every establishment has to have a style or niche but there was nothing that appealed to me.ServiceThe service was pretty slow. They do not take names or numbers for the orders. So every time something comes up in the window they stop at every table and ask who it belongs to. It is pretty annoying when you are six orders back from the front of the line.I have no intention of heading back.
5	Yay! I'm a fan.Only place in Madison where you feel like you are at an authentic NYC diner.  They won Madison's best sandwich for a reason; IT'S THE BEST!  They won for their Rachel, which is a Ruben but with slaw instead of kraut and pastrami instead of corn beef. But you can get it what ever way you like.  My favorite is the Hawkwind burger with a side of house made coleslaw.  This way you can dip the side of chips into the slaw.Stalzy's is artistic in their approach and make everything to order, so don't go if you are in a hurry.  Slow food movement at its finest!
4	Brooklyn Reuben was excellent. The images on the website make the sandwiches appear larger than the actual portion, my only complaint. The atmosphere is nice and the food is good, but the price isn't the easiest on the pocket.
