5	Had my car serviced for oil change and brake service.  Was able to request appt online.  Staff were friendly and helpful and completed service quickly.  Waiting room has great amenities--wi-fi, free juice, water, and granola bars, kid's area.Compared to other dealerships, there is very little pressure to try to get you into other service "packages" which are usually unnecessary and expensive compared to the required service in your owner's manual.  Service consultant did ask me about scheduling a timing belt replacement, which is a major service and not necessary for me at the time, so I politely declined.  Consultant offered a complimentary car wash without me asking.  Very good overall.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE going here for work on my car! Rather than an icky oil-smelling waiting area, you are treated like royalty.The waiting area has cold beverages, coffee, cookies, crossword and sudoku puzzles, and a television, as well as a separate room for children with a play area and video games and toys.The experience of waiting for your car here is sooo much more enjoyable.All of the staff is super friendly and they explain things really well. I never once felt like they tried to take advantage of my lack of car knowledge by trying to get me to buy unnecessary parts and services.They will set up transportation for you if you are unable to get to the shop or if you need to be taken home from the shop while your car is in service, so you feel very taken care of.It is also nice that you are able to book online.
5	I went in to get specific work done on my Honda and every single person that I spoke to was friendly, courteous, and attentive. They didn't even hesitate when I kept finding new things for them to fix and they never pressured me to check anything else.And the best part is (as others have mentioned) the awesome waiting room. TV, drinks, snacks, puzzles, wi-fi...I didn't get bored at all having to wait for my car. Of course, some things will be pricier but the service was fantastic and I am super pleased.
5	Wow. First of all they are very friendly. Go see Geoff Kox. I was with a friend while she was shopping and the customer service was top-notch.I was still living in Milwaukee when I bought my car.  They drove it all the way to me.  They had to deal with beltline traffic and still came to with a smile.They recommended maintenance deals.  Everything from 4 oil changes over two years for $70.  They also have an express oil change lane.  They are not pushy.
4	I just bought a Honda CR-V from this dealership and had a great experience.  I traded in a leased Scion and they were able to help me with all of the paperwork and end of lease issues - it definitely made things a lot less stressful for me! Mike Olson was my salesperson and he was helpful with everything along the way and never made me feel pressured to buy or that I was inferior - something that I feel like car salesmen are known for. The dealership is currently being renovated, so things are a bit crowded in the showroom, but I'm sure that will improve when the renovations are finished.  They are ALWAYS busy, so I would definitely recommend getting an appointment ahead of time or you might be waiting around for a while!
5	Zimbrick Honda is wonderful.  I did not purchase my 2007 Honda Odyssey EX-L from there but I take it there for service.  They are so friendly!  There service area is super clean and inviting.  It truly is the meaning of their "Loving Care Service".
2	When i lived in Iowa, i drove the 4 hours to get one of the last civics with navigation.  After we negotiated a price, they took off the wheels that was supposed to come with the package and gave me the cheap wheels.  Make sure you are getting the package you are paying for, cause if you find out too late, there is nothing you can do.Oh yea, dont use the Internet Sales team, their only job is to get you in the door, not sell you anything.Everything else about the car and dealership is nice, but that shady deal scares me about other schemes they might pull.
2	Arrived a few minutes after 5 from out of town, ready to buy, knew what we wanted, was promptly told they closed at 6. Was looking for a specific car they had in stock, they couldn't find it, never did. Was told that even if they found it, they might not have time to "unbury" it before 6. Didn't even see the car I drove up to see. Had my checkbook ready to go. Sat and listened to staff bad mouth other customers while waiting to be insulted with numbers that didn't even touch our small town Honda dealer. Won't be back here. Ever. NO THANKS!
2	I bought my Civic from Zimbrick four years ago and have taken it here for service ever since. Until today, I had excellent service and the rewards program is what kept me coming back for oil changes even though I paid more than I could have elsewhere.Today I was a walk-in oil change/tire rotation. They were busy but assured me I could be out in 45 minutes. If they'd quoted me longer, I would have come back a different day, as I realize I didn't have an appointment. I waited in the waiting room -- with my three month old baby -- for an hour and a half. Finally they came and got me, stating that my paperwork had been accidentally left on someone else's desk when someone went to lunch. The technician apologized but did not go over the inspection sheet with me like they normally do.Then I got out to my car and it wasn't even washed! If I'm going to pay $45 for an oil change and tire rotation, I at least expect my courtesy wash, especially with these terrible salty winter roads.I was late for my next commitment and my baby was hungry at this point. My vehicle is seven years old and I don't need to be taking it to a dealer for service anymore. This was the tipping point. I won't be coming back.
5	Dan Ellis is GREAT!  I have a Saab that I bought used from another dealer and Dan takes way better care of me and my car than the original place did.  When I replace my car, keeping Dan as my service guy will be important.  He doesn't try to upsell me and is a nice guy.
