3	Name has been changed to Southern Nevada Medical & Rehab Center, it's still a facility that is skilled nursing with an emphasis on rehab services for it's residents- that means two of three rehab specialties (physical, occupational, speech) twice a day. This is different from long term skilled nursing facilities where rehab is twice a week. The staff is pretty on top of the situation with a diverse group of patients with multiple medical challenges. I found being an advocate for my mom was important, as she was in pain, on a tad too much medication and not always able to express herself properly to the right person to get whatever was needed taken care of for her needs. The nursing staff are pretty much wonderful, you have to understand, the large Filipino staff, tend to call older women, Mama, as a term of endearment/respect. If you want them to address the patient by first or last name, just ask that of the nursing manager for the unit (there are two), so, each time there is a staff change (7am & 7pm) you don't have to have it repeated. There was an issue with getting appropriate transport and x-ray sent with mom to a medical appt. It finally happened and I called the social worker to request an incident report be filed to see what went wrong (w/chair instead of a gurney, mobile x-rays taken, but not sent). The Unit Nursing Manager called and then advised the next day of their errors and how the system would be corrected and staff in-serviced to prevent it happening to others. I was pleased with the prompt action.The food is another story. Despite working consistently with the Nutritionist, the menu selected or doctor's prescribed diet was not arriving consistently. When this was brought to his attention, he conferred with Director of Food Services and food choices improved. The food is okay. For yourself- I highly recommend Magura in the adjacent mini-mall, either pizza/sandwich take out or the sit down restaurant for dinner. The restaurant has some wonderful Bulgarian food items. Either place is tasty with ample portions and very reasonably priced. Down Maryland Pkway is Jason's Deli on the left or turn right on Twain for Bagelmania in the shopping center on the left before Spencer. The rehab staff is younger and tends to push older residents, without regards to age limited capabilities, so, it's important to ask to attend a p.t. or o.t. session with your loved one to be a cheering section. The social work folks, including the case manager are great! My mom has been there going on six weeks. I've never met the staff doctor- Dr. 'G' as he's called; but, found the Physician's Assistant, John to be amenable to talking with me about medications and changes; and the medication nurses are also very helpful, as is the wound care nurse. It's a challenge for someone alone to be in this situation, so, if you can at all plan twice a day visits, it would be helpful. My mom has had five or six roommates (all are double bed rooms), so, the average length of stay is shorter for most.
3	When I first walked in this place it reminded me of two things. 1. The inner city apartment building called "PROSPECT PLACE" in the 1990s movie Ghost. 2. A missionary mock hospital set up in Zimbabwe.I even thought it was super ghetto that a plug-in fan was used instead of continuous running AC like in most hospitals. BUT. ...Despite the run down place I decided not to give a review until I spent at least 8hrs here. I noticed some VERY important things that I do not see in UMC, SUNRISE, or any other "better" hospitals. I noticed right away that the nurses were very friendly and attentive. I've started coming here to volunteer and sit with patients. Very rarely does the patient HAVE TO request the nurse. They took initiative to bring any and everything needed. After that, they would come back and check on the patient. I noticed the staff washing their hands before and after assisting the patient...get this...even tho they wore gloves they still washed their hands. Also, housekeeping came in and not only dusted, but swept, mopped, AND cleaned the bathroom. Usually at the bigger "better" hospitals they'll just empty the trash. I have to say I did judge a book by its cover bc structurally . ...this place is a dump! But it made me seriously question my priorities. Do I want a nice hospital on the outside, but a hygienic unclean staff who ignores me on the inside?This center got 3 stars bc parking sucks and is limited, there's no cafeteria with delicious "fixins", and the staff, although friendly, is really LOUD in the hallways. I had to close the door several times. I believe if this place could get the funding or reconstruction it would be so much more better. The staff n patients deserve it.Also they provide an XBOX with games for the patients. Very cool!
1	SNR is a somewhat older facility but we went with this one given the staggeringly bad reviews the other one got. My grandma in law fell from being weak from a UTI and had to be transferred to a rehabilitation to recover and get stronger.  It seemed really great at first but it was the luck of the draw we got a really lovely RN and CNA team the first few days and then the shifts changed. Overall the care for someone who can't ask for help as well as others was inadequate.  There were some wonderful people along the way that we really liked and we expressed so much gratitude to them for their kindness. Then there was the polar opposite that have yelled at us for requests that I feel were reasonable. One lady go mad at being told to be more gentle with grandma as she fell and being turned so quickly hurts. One got mad at being asked an hour later if she got the ice water and can change grandma before leaving. When we've been there for 12 hours and want to go home and said so when making the request, I would hope to get stuff in a reasonable time, not an hour later ask to be yelled at that not everything can happen at a snap of demands. World doesn't revolve around us. Some things can't be helped, I'm not unreasonable. I've heard complaints down the hall of how spread thin people can be. Too many people assigned to a person - I sympathize and not OK with how the bottom dollar comes into play with quality care. It fucks staff and patients. If you can speak for yourself and press your button, then you'll be fine. If you can speak for yourself also be considerate of how much time you take for your trivial BS. One of our neighbors was a princess and spent so much time demanding and berating the staff that maybe if they didn't get beatdown they would care more, and have more time for what matters.I think though even in that, prioritize. When someone has a UTI and is too weak to get up, don't leave them in their waste all night. Grandma got some serious rashes from this....and things didn't change with some people. It's totally not OK that it takes us being posted up at the rehab to make sure she was being cared for.The weekend director was wonderful and when she was around, my MIL got somewhere with asking for some better priority treatment of the rashes and to get grandma on IVs and better meds. The physical therapist did all they can daily. Their case worker is a very sweet woman that lead us down to hospice as a option.At the end of it, we saw she was in pain and giving up on us. The person who came in declined and didn't want this anymore. We made the decision to bring her to hospice for adequate care. Our thought process is they would take better care of her there, and discharge her to at home comfort care. I think her spirit was broken, she didn't want to go on and she left us 48 hours after leaving this facility and was thanking us for getting her out after the hospice immediately did in 11 minutes what didn't happen here for 11 days. There they bathed her, made her comfortable the moment she arrived. Of course the maybes play into my head. If we had better care from the start, I think she would have been better off...
