1	Absolutely terrible. We had the cable/internet/phone combo at our old place and tried to get it switched to the new place, but it took OVER ONE MONTH and at least 4 failed attempts (plus a number of scheduled appointments that were mysteriously canceled) before we had everything running. I was constantly calling them to find out why they didn't show up or showed up but didn't do anything, and now I'm constantly calling them to find out why they keep screwing up my bill. Once it's all set up everything works fine, though, so I guess the bright side is after they straighten everything out I hope to never speak with them again.
1	"Thank you for calling Cox Communications. My name is Melika. How may I assist you today?""Hello Melika. I'd like pay the minimum on our cable bill please.""OK sir. I would be happy to assist you with this today. May I please have your PIN.""I have no idea what our PIN is. I"m sorry. What other information may I give you.""The social security number for the primary customer.""Oh, well that's my partner and I'm not sure what it is. I have our address, phone number, our account number...""Yes sir, well I do understand that you have that information, I will not be able to assist you.""OK Melika. Look honey. I'm trying to GIVE you money. I'm not changing my plan or even making fun of your dumb ass company yet. Just wanna GIVE you money.""Without your PIN or social security number I cannot tell you the minimum due but I can take a payment.""Oh. Well now we're getting somewhere. Melika. By the way, we're you named after a coffee maker? Great let's pay $165 like I did last month and see where that gets us.""Thank you sir for you payment. And, yes, I was named after a coffee maker. Thank you for choosing Cox Communications for all your media and digital needs. Have a nice day."Two days later. Our cable and internet is turned off. Because she could not tell me my minimum amount and I was short by $4.83. Our services were turned off. And I didn't "choose" Cox. It was forced on me like Catholicism and puberty. Cox? You suck!
1	I've always had issues with this cable company. They always raise their prices, even though I've seen ads on tv saying how they don't raise their prices, but the other companies do. Oooh Cox, you little liars.The past month I have had issues with channels not working and when you call Cox, they tell you it's no them and it's that particular network, so the issue is say with the TLC network and not Cox. Um ok!  Damn it! I'm trying to watch a "What Not To Wear" marathon and TLC is not coming in! Fix it you effers!Their service is just down right expensive and there are all these little fees that seem ridiculous to pay for. For months we have been trying to get the phone number on file changed as they have an old phone #, but they never make the change. I'm pretty fed up with their service, but really the area of town I live in I don't have much of a choice but to use their service for cable and internet.
1	I dont know where to start about how much I hate this company.They mess up my bill every single month. After being hung up on by 3 employees and talk to 2 managers I finally get them to realize their mistake. Then they tell me itll be correct on the next bill.Bill comes... New problem and the refund isnt there. Start the whole process again.I literally have spent a collective month of my life on the phone with these ass holes.In my condo I cant get any other service due to the HOA and their bright ideas.I pay 90 to get what dish would give me for 53I seriously hate Cox, and not because Im a lesbian!
1	They're evil. Terribly, terribly evil!But alas, they are a necessary evil.  If you want to minimize the damage, try to cancel all your extended cable packages and up the Netflix subscription half the year.  Nothing worthwhile is on T.V. until fall anyway.  We usually do this every summer and are perfectly satisfied (but this year was Olympics, so no dice).When it comes to the hi speed cable though-- I just bend over and take it.  Let's face it, DSL is just not up to par and please god spare me another Dish network contract of death.
3	i was very happy with the service. umm that was when the whole "Cable" internetz was still something new. i was one of 300 happy idiots who didn't have to listen to shhhhshs beep bong bep bop dingupload super fast, download super fast. ahh it was wonderful. alas like all good things. someone let the cat out of the bag and now everyone has cable internetz. now i suffer chronic signal loss and long loading time. i get a consistent download speed of 5mbp/s while I'm downloading illegal files from the internetz. why must i wait 18 hours to get porn? or a pirated Movie, CD, software? what fucking good is that?watching televisionz on my DVRz is good too. but doesn't exactly make up for the internetz. :((edited)
1	They monitored my downloads and killed my internet because I was downloading an "illegal" file.  I had to call them to reinstate my service, and they made me promise to stop downloading that game.I switched to Qwest DSL the following week!  FU Cox you suck!
1	F-North Korea, G-Dub needs to add Cox Communications to his "Axis of Evil"Cox doesn't even deserve 1 star.  Cox has deserves negative 666 stars. And  pineapple up the ass like Saddam in the South Park movie.Recently moved and got new service which entailed 1 filthy remote that was covered in grime and boogers, three defective cable boxes (one of which had to driven (50 minutes round-trip) to the Cox store only for the staff there to tell us it's an old, worthless box, then (literally) throw it in a junk pile, 6 hours on the phone with completely worthless tech-support (and 1 managerial) morons, three service appointments canceled by Cox computers (and 3 wasted mornings), yada, yada, yada . . .There's not much that's more annoying in telephone customer service than to be given 100% canned responses (that have no relation to the problem you just spent 30 minutes describing to 3 different people in 3 different departments).  It's like talking to an effing brick wall. "High speed" internet is frequently slow and digital cable picture quality sucks.Basically cox is a 100% worthless, herpes, hepatitis, staph filled pile o' steaming pig turd of a company that doesn't give a flying F about customers since they have a near monopoly on their product.
1	ARGH!! How I hate Cox Cable!! So the hubby and I just moved to our new house. My husband tried a week ago to transfer services over, but the guy he talked to said they couldn't do it yet as the current homeowners still have their services turned on. The guy assured my husband that we could call the day we move into our new home and services would be switched on. So, we move in, call Cox and no can do! This other guy says that someone has to come to the house to turn on a switch and they can't come until the next day and they will be there anytime from 7am-7pm. Come 6pm last night and still no cable or 'net. We call and Cox is closed!This morning they say that someone did indeed go to the house and turn the cable on, but the funny thing is we still don't have cable or 'net!I hate this company. Nobody knows what the hell they are talking about or what they are doing over there!
1	My favorite part of Cox?   getting overcharged every single month and spending an hour on the phone with those nasty brats.
3	From one star to three stars in 48 hours.  For the past several months I was having slow internet connections and more recently intermittent service in the early morning.  I was getting increasing agitated with total internet loss for 48 hours.  Far worse (well almost)  than missing my morning tall drip at Starbucks...Upon calling Cox from a friend's phone two miles away I was further agitated by the "customer rep" who wanted me to do the usual routine of disconnecting the modem and router and starting over.  Dah, what planet was the CR  from?  Then all of a sudden I was transferred to another CR who at least understood I couldn't be in two places at once.  This CR checked my connection and there was none.  The CR next checked my modem which was 7 years old and commented they usually last 3 to 5 years.  I had dropped the in-home service two years ago but the CR was able to add it (great joy) so the home service would be "free" except for the new monthly fee.I had to wait to get scheduled to a Sunday morning.  On Sunday morning the internet came back without doing anything.  Again, great joy, so I was assuming Cox had messed up for two days and had corrected the problem remotely.  Did I mention on the original call my neighbor had put her service on vacation and we share the same hub?  I mentioned that to the CRs but they didn't think that was the problem.The good news and hence this review was the professionalism of Alberto who arrived early and could see I had a weak signal that could be connections or a failing modem.  Alberto cut and replaced the outside connections and looked at my add on gold plated Radio Shack splitter for the TV that I had installed.  Apparently a no, no or at least not a good idea.  He re-wired the outlet and checked my modem.  He said it was working OK but I should consider replacing it.  I went ahead and replaced the modem and all my internet connections are now fast like they should be.Alberto gets 5 stars for his understanding of the situation and detective work.  The CRs get 3 stars for at least making an attempt and Cox gets 1 star for jacking up my basic TV package rate.  Did I mention I got Cox for internet seven years ago and TV was added on for $1 per month.  That gradually shifted to $9.95 and now $21.95.  However, little does Cox realize that if I get a new HD TV with built in tuner and it works over the airways then Cox will lose the TV revenue... Don't tell them so I can break the news...
3	Today I broke the news slowly to Cox that I was dropping cable TV service.  I started the conversation by explaining how my new 1080 HD - Blue Ray DVD system worked great over the airways.  In fact, much better than I thought it would in comparison with my old tube TV and converter box.  I also explained how I was able to see almost everything with fewer commercials on the internet so really didn't need basic cable. With that said I had softened the rep up so the only sales pitch left was whether I wanted to transfer phone service which I didn't as I had essentially made the transition to cell phone usage.Now the way I figure it is I need to keep Cox another 65 months before I break even with the HD TV/DVD combo and the COX cable savings per month.  Hmmm,  65 months is nearly 5.5 years.  During this time I will save some additional time because every 60 minute show I was watching on cable is 45 minutes on the internet.  That translates into a time savings of 15 minutes per show.  On the other hand, I will lose some time during important sporting events that are on cable and have to drive to a sports bar and buy some beer and pizza.  At the end of 5.5 years I am not sure if I will gain or lose - especially when the Cox internet rates will probably go up during that time frame. For now 3.5 stars for Cox but time will tell on reliability and costs.As an afterthought on HD digital TV over the airways make sure you get a new HD high gain antenna or you may be disappointed... also rescanning for channels seems to solve dropouts.
2	Cox Communications is quite simply the poorest customer service I have ever received from any company.  Hands down, the worst.  Almost as negligent as Qwest, with three times the attitude.  My vote, do yourself a favor and go satellite.  Direct or Dish...whoever.  Just don't touch that Cox.
1	Where or where do I begin with this HORRIBLE, MONOPOLIZING, DISRESPECTFUL, ANNOYING, PAIN IN THE BEHIND cable company. In the past month, I've emailed Cox 4 times and called them about 6 times (including one hang up from their customer service rep today). Yay, just what I wanted!It all started when we moved from the East Coast, Comcast offers the same bundle package (internet speed is higher and phone is unlimited calls, both incoming and outgoing, long distance, caller I.D, call waiting, On Demand actually works, HD box is free and more channels than I can even list); all this for $99 a month!!!!! So we move here, I call Cox, first bill $120... internet is slow as hell, cable channels suck and we're being charged for HD channels. Call them, for the internet speed we normally had, we're paying more. Asked to have some other channels, so called variety tier, which was included w/ Comcast, here it's $12 additional a month and caller ID on our home phone (which we don't use). Fast forward 9mths later, I email them to ask them what I need to do in order to transfer our current services, from our apartment to our house. Received an email from them, it's free, just go to this link, type in your new home address, and bam, your services will be transferred!It can't possibly be this simple!? 2.5 hrs later, I kept getting an error message from their website. I was tired, next day was moving day, off to bed. Next morning I call them, talk to customer service rep, tells me that unfortunately our services cannot be transferred to our new house via internet. That we would have to have a tech come by and to top it off, it'll be $30. WTF??? It's the SAME SERVICES, why am I going to be charged $30 to transfer our services?!Techs come by the next day, phone is installed, but we can't receive calls...we can make them, but not receive them. Call Cox, let them know, phone gets fixed. Get about 30 telemarketing calls in less than 24 hrs... call Cox again, try to find out what to do to make our ph # unlisted; apparently it's $5 to install and $2 a month (1st customer service rep said it was free)... contradicting again!So again, I email them, tell them about the inconsistency, from the transfer of service, the phone situation and how much I hate Cox. Get a call from the main office, they tell me that they'll waive the $30 install fee and the $5 unlisted # fee, but that the monthly fee for our phone to be unlisted is going to be $2. Ok whatever, go ahead...Less than 3 days later (today), I call to ask what I can do to lower our bill, can I take off the variety tier or reduce my ph, since we don't use it for anything... no because it'll cost you $28 more a month. That's B.S! I'm deleting a service. Apparently, the so called bundle package, OBLIGATES you, the hardworking, paying customer, to be stuck w/ this so called bundle package. Called again to ask how this is possible, got hung up on... so I tell my hubby, that he'd better call to resolve this issue, because if I call or email them one more time, I will be cursing up a storm. Needless to say, as soon as Comcast Cable comes down to the East Valley (Phoenix Metro area) I will be switching, promoting and campaigning for EVERYONE to change. I'll be saving about $53 a month when I switch to Comcast!
2	When Qwest discontinued Choice TV which I loved, it was the dilemma between DIRECTV and Cox. While DIRECTV would offer me a bundling discount with Qwest (we can't have Cox internet for some reason my  husband understands), I hate the whole 2-year contract deal and their unwillingness and inability to answer a simple question.  Call them and you'll get someone who knows nothing except how to present a sales pitch.  So Cox and their overpriced service won.First off when I called to inquire about setting up service, I asked about incentives.  I gotta hand it to the guy, he didn't pitch me the merits of Cox.  Instead he told me Cox isn't big on incentives.  At least he's honest.  He offered me a small discount for the first 2 months and agreed to free installation when I asked for it.  However, he couldn't set up the order and put me on hold.  When he came back he told me his supervisor confirmed they could offer the discount or free installation, but not both.  I ended the call and went to their website.The website had a promotion of a bigger 2-month discount AND free installation, but ALL the promotions listed expired in May or June.  I did the instant live chat and asked why they can't manage to update their website.  They had a web sales person call me and I got the promotion which really hadn't expired.  She did tell me you have to go through web sales to get the specials.  Stupid.So we needed cable cards which have to be professionally installed.  The guy arrived at 2 pm and left at 8!  After the first couple hours, he called a second guy over.  The two of them together couldn't get them to work.  They called several other people before they had it working.But as it turns out, the free Variety tier is not on.  So now I have to call again to make sure I don't start getting billed for it 2 months from now.  And I'm also prepared for a bill for the "free" installation with some convoluted explanation.  But I can cancel any time, and that's a plus!
1	I been in the QC area for about 5 months, and seem a COX techs 3 times so far. Their service is down a lot compare to Comcast which I had for 5 years on the east coast and only seen their techs twice Cox Internet = Good when it's working Cox cable = THE CRAPPIEST SERVICE EVER.They wont fix anything, they wont help you out, their channels are constantly pix-elated.  You pay for HD service.  You *HAVE* to rent a cable box from them to get HD.  SOMEONE PLEASE END THEIR MONOPOLY.  Ugh cox cable sucks so bad.I think it time to kick COX to the curb and get SAT TV
1	The last time I actually seriously raised my voice in anger at another live human being was at some stupid twit at Cox. I despise this company, their brain-dead staff, their total lack of customer service, and their completely inane policy of constantly stalker-calling their CURRENT customers for telemarketing. Hate. Pure, unrequited HATE.
2	dear cox, you've made this very hardon me, but I can't disregardthe chasm called, customer careknock-knock, echo, no brains in therethere's nothing basic, 'bout my cablein fact, my package is enabledwith internet and hboi'm even paying, for your phoneso when i'm needing, my cox serviced yo fellas, I feel, i deserve itbut the frustration, from your helpdesk, makes me want to rant on yelpmr. brain drain, on the line grey matter? must have left behindyes cox, you've rubbed me the wrong wayi've pulled my cable out todaythe satellite's up on my roofclimb on up,  if you need proofreturned my dvr, tuesdayi'm dishing you, now go awayand chase other cox cable suckersline em up, one after the otherwire 'em up and bill 'em outthere's plenty others, have no doubtcustomers who still crave coxand of course, that set top box(cox & box, they go togetherproverbial, birds of a feather)so cox, relief, i've finally cometo a decision, yep, we're done"one day yer in, the next yer out"project runway, ms. schiffer poutson bravo, 'bout the bad outfitsyou're one of them,  boo, cox, i quitcut 'n bagged, over, throughcox, go find someone else to screwlove, jarvispslast but not least, no grammar punditbut isn't "cox cable", redundant?
1	DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE.  DO THE MATHYes, basic cable is $22 if you want a few channels....+$26if you want HD recievers... + $30With fees, you are over $80!They burned me on the bait and switch with their "bundle".   [I save a whopping  $13 on a $218 monthly bill for cable, internet and phone]    Whoopy Freakin Doo!The bundle is a scam.
3	Wow!! After seeing the reviews here, I feel very lucky with my dealings with Cox.  I can only compare them to DISH network, since that is what I had in my home in Washington.  I have had to call their support three times - and had a positive experience all three times.  Installation was flawless, and the technician that came to the house was very helpful.  I did not have the TV installed yet, as I was running wires through the wall, so he didn't hook it up to the television.  When I hooked it up, I had no sound, and the telephone support immediately knew the problem, and it was perfect.I have had two other problems, and the first one telephone support resolved it; the second one involved a filter on the outside of the house, and it was fixed by a Cox technician within 4 hours. The internet connection has always worked, and at the stated speed.I do agree that the web site is horrible.  I can never remember my three passwords; the information on it is incomplete or not existent; and trying to find information is hopeless.Finally, comparing them to DISH, I find that Cox's support is much better than DISH.  At least Cox will come out and repair anything up to the outside of the house.  DISH, at least in my area, is serviced by outside contractors, and you have to pay, unless you have a monthly maintenance agreement.
1	I don't write reviews, just use this site as a tool to find out about companies, restaurants, etc.  I feel like I have to get my opinion out there regarding Cox Communications.Where do I start... I hate this company more than anything I've ever hated in my life.  I hate using the word hate, but the term fits the bill here.  I was forced into Cox Communications because I couldn't get DirectV or Qwest here at my new spot, and it has been a nightmare.  NIGHTMARE!!!!  I've had to call them at least 25 times in six months because their cable or internet that we use is complete GARBAGE. First, the cable.  The actual box, compared to DirectV, which I used the first year and a half that I lived in Arizona, is absolutely atrocious.  It's like going from heaven to hell in a heartbeat.  It's not user-friendly at all.  The menu guide is poor compared to DirecTV.  DirecTV is far easier to navigate through the stations and find your favorite television programs.  You can't navigate days ahead with Cox unless you want to go through several more steps than you would with DirecTV.  It's double the price of DirecTV.  Cox is the only local provider in this area, so you are stuck with them.  It doesn't allow you to get any sports packages like the NFL package, since the NFL was bright enough to give exclusive rights to DirecTV.  Frequently, it appears that what people are saying on the television are a tad behind, meaning that it isn't perfectly synchronized like it should be.  Words come out, and their lips are a second behind, which is annoying.The internet has been terrible.  In the past couple of weeks, I've had to call Cox almost every single day because there are frequent outages in the area.  Complete BS!!!!!!  I had more success piggy-backing off of other connections when I lived in Chandler.I could write for hours and hours regarding this piss-poor company, but it's infuriating me just thinking that I am forced into this garbage company for another couple of months before my lease expires.  Before signing a new lease if I have to in Arizona, I will make damn sure that I never have to use this terrible company again, or I won't sign.  The next place I sign at will HAVE to allow DirecTV and Qwest, or I won't sign.  Cox suckered the community that I am in right now to a contract a few years ago for the internet, so I am stuck with them.YUCK!!!!!!!!
4	1 1/2 Stars average?  I'm sorry, I think someone has to come to the defense of this outfit!  I've had Cox Internet service for about a year & a half now, & I'm quite satisfied.  It's certainly much better than the Verizon DSL service I had before where they locked me into a year contract & had every port blocked so I couldn't share files with anyone!  (Yes, I called them!  "Bob" in India & his supervisor handled my service complaint by just denying that they were blocking my ports.  I know better... I know about grc.com!)  When I switched to Cox Cable instead for my Internet service, the problem magically disappeared!Cox pricing strikes me as a little high at $46.95/mo., but I really appreciate NOT being locked into a contract, & sometimes they knock off $5.  (Since the service is good, they don't need to have you in a contract!)  My service also includes basic analog & HD TV, & it's been about 95% reliable.  The couple of times I've called for service were because an installer made a connection mistake in the neighborhood, & they fixed it the same or next day.My subscription is for their "Preferred Level" of Internet service, one of four available, & I ALWAYS get the promised 12-15 mbps download & 2-3 mbps upload speeds.  As long as my Cox service remains as good as it is, I wouldn't even think of switching to anything else!     :-))
2	A quote from Wired magazine "Only old people watch cable now. Young people watch Netflix." With a monthly subscription to Netflix for about $10 a month you can replace all of your movie channels. Netflix has everything your HBO, Showtime, Cinemax, and Starz has (with a few exceptions) So why pay $30 a month for cable channels when you can get Netflix  for $10 a month? Plus, Cox's customer service or support is notoriously bad. When you call them on the phone, you are going to get someone who speaks English, but you also are getting someone right out of high school most of the time with no expertise. The answer to everything is unplug your cable box and wait 10 minutes, then plug it back in. Which never worked once in my experience. Their "on-demand" feature would be nice, if it worked consistently, but mine didn't work half the time. Netflix is always "on demand." You can choose whatever movie or TV shows you want to watch when you want to watch them, and if you have a gaming system like PS3 or Wii you can stream the movies through your TV. Or you can watch them on your PC or a laptop/netbook when you travel. Plus, you get DVD or Blu Ray by mail also.It's not a competition, it's a landslide victory for Netflix! Take that Bob Dole...P.S. Cox's highspeed Internet is good, but pricey.
1	BEWARE:  This company WILL lock you in to a TWO YEAR contract to get the "preferred pricing".  So be prepared for a $50 disconnect fee when you try to cancel before the two years is up.  You don't have to do the contract, just if you want the better pricing...unfortunately, when I signed up, I didn't connect this info and was kind of surprised when I tried to disconnect my $20 a month phone service and was walloped with a $50 fee for turning it off.
1	Don't...really Don't...keep looking, get satalite, GOD FORBID don't do interenet.  The service is slow, if you call in the folks are as depressed as you are.  And goodness knows if you have to move out of the service area it is a huge disconnection fee.  Their excuse, will it's a contract.  REALLY! You don't service where I moved to.  That is the best you can do?  UNBELIEVEABLE!So if you are moving to the area, do yourself a favor, steer clear of Cox.
1	Oh they are so so so bad. I thought Comcast was the worst ever when I lived in Philly, but this outfit puts them to shame in terms of customer service. It's such a comedy of corporate incompetence it's hard to know where to begin:1) The names they have for their various cable tv "packages" on their website are DIFFERENT from the names used by the people on customer support. I had to spend half an hour with the person on the phone, who in term was surfing their own website looking up the packages I was seeing.2) I switched banks, so there were two months where the autopayment I had set up with the old bank bounced because I hadn't yet set it up with new bank. My mistake to be sure, but as punishment they started making me pay with cash in a machine at the local Circle K for a full year. And once I made two payments the same day because I was $60 short the first time - and two weeks later I learned  Cox had no evidence of the second $60 cash payment. Why didn't I save my receipt they asked me? FU.3) Their On Demand service is soooo slow to load, and has a really archaic user interface. There have also been over half a dozen times when I tried to order On Demand and the screen just went blank, or tells me there was an error and try again later.. Oh well, guess they don't want my money.4) Their DVR service also has a really cumbersome interface. I finally got all my shows setup and programmed and then my cable modem died. The new one they gave me had none of the settings it had taken me hours and hours to setup. I just gave up rather than spend another whole day reprogramming my saved shows using their crappy, slow interface.5) Customer servicer is not 24 hours (though tech support is). And they have different numbers for every city instead of a centralized 800 number - making it very hard to figure out which number to call.6) They're ridiculously expensive.Get yourself an AppleTV/Netflix/Hulu combo, get Quest to do your Internet, and kick these guys to the curb. The writing is on the wall for these cable dinosaurs - you'd think they'd have the incentive to try even just a little bit.
2	The only reason for the second start is the outstanding service provided by one supervisor. On her own, she gets 5 stars. For the rest, not so much. No doubt, we've all seen the 30/30/30 bundle advertised. All things considered, it really isn't a bad deal. I pulled up the website and took a look through the fine print and see it is NOT limited to new customers, but people upgrading as well. I pull out a bill, review what I have vs. the bundle, and determine (correctly) that all aspects of my service would be upgraded. Put in the order online, and it is canceled within 5 minutes. Seriously? This prompts a phone call, and some automaton tells me that I wouldn't be upgrading. She tells me the fine print doesn't say what I am reading, so I read it to her. We agree it says what I read, but she again says I do not qualify. I request to be transferred to a supervisor, and she hangs up. Now its war. So I call again, get a new person, request a supervisor, and am told that person is on the phone. They tell me there's only one supervisor and that they'll call be back within 5 minutes. An hour later, still nothing. Another phone call, another immediate request for a supervisor. Person on the phone asks if he can help, I explain the situation and get the same answer. I ask if I have the 2 programs mentioned in the fine print, person says no. I follow up with, "and those would be better than what I have correct?" The answer is yes. I ask why then, it doesn't constitute an upgrade. Dude tells me I'm just playing semantics. I bite my tongue so hard it bleeds and request a supervisor again. Supervisor confirms I do actually qualify for the upgrade and all is fine. She apologized for the prior issues. Way too much bullshit for something I was qualified for at the beginning.
2	No Unpaid Solution for Harassing Calls with Cox PhoneSomehow a couple of criminals obtained my phone number; one of them is identifiable as a scammer on Google by searching his phone number (yes, they were dumb enough to give their numbers to me).One caller - this one from Los Angeles - claimed to be from Publishers Clearing House, informing me that I had won over $700,000. The other caller - Washington, DC - stated that I "had been trying to claim" an award for $700,000 and he wanted to help me receive it. Apparently $700,000 is the minimum that you win these days.I reported this duo to the FCC, but they kept calling; I understand that the FCC can take up to a month to handle any reported issues. I called Cox and asked them to block these two numbers, and was informed that I could do that for a fee of somewhat over $3/month.I asked the Cox representative which other unlawful nuisances I had the privilege of stopping for a fee. Cox then stated that I could pay for the number block for a month, and then drop it; however, if the Feds still hadn't acted the calls would resume. I was further told that this was all that Cox could do for me.A third caller contacted me, and he hung up after I told him that I was reporting all such calls to the Federal Government. Hopefully that approach will work, because Cox won't help you at all with nuisance or harassing calls unless you open up your wallet.Pros: Excellent cable and phone service qualityCons: Don't ever become a victim; Cox will make you a poorer oneHidden fees a specialty!
1	Ohh don't get me started on Cox.  First when you have ANY problem at all, getting a live human being on the phone takes up to 15 minutes as you weave your way through "press one for... ok now press ..".  Then the most they can do if your cable isn't working is tell you to unplug the box  and plug it back in.  Technical genius!  Then they schedule you a cocky, know-it-all but still somehow totally unhelpful technician to come out like four or eight days later.  We've been through seven boxes since we moved  six months ago because the dvr freezes and doesn't record properly ... on a regular basis.  I just think for the RIDICULOUS amount they charge me, the fact that we MUST have cable just to get any kind of regular programming, and the amount of problems their service has on a regular basis ... it should be a HELL OF A LOT EASIER TO GET ISSUES RESOLVED OR EVEN JUST TO TALK TO A LIVE PERSON.
1	Seriously, this company has the worst communication and customer service ever! I don't know if they just hire a bunch of incompetent high school drop outs or if they have zero training available, but they need to fix something! Twice now I have tried to get someone out here just to take a filter off my line from outside my apartment and that seems to be an extremely difficult task. It has taken me over a week to attemp getting cable hooked up and I still don't have it! I've been on the phone with them 6 different times and been into one of their stores even. Each time I talk to someone I am told something different... does anyone here know what the h*ll they're talking about?! I'm about to say forget it and go with a dish!I'm a very patient person and don't write many bad reviews, but Cox has got me very frustrated.
4	I looked this up on yelp to try to find the phone number, and I was surprised at how many bad reviews there were!I have had no problems with Cox, every time there is a problem, which is not very often, I call tech support, no matter what hour, and they get it fixed up within 5 minutes.  Everyone I've spoken to has been very friendly and helpful.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is when I first started, they told me I needed to pay a service fee for getting everything up and running, and when I spoke with different representatives, some said I had to pay and some said I didn't.  I ended up not having to pay, but it would be nice if they all had consistent information.  Other than that, everything has been wonderful and I would definitely recommend Cox!
2	Cox, is no Angel.However, they're not the Devil.Anyways, its a given, that EVERYONE loves to hate Communication providers.Apart from the obscene HIGH RATES, the field personnel, are quite able and capable.When it comes to the Customer Service folks.Its OMG (oh my G_d).They for the most part, couldn't find their way out, of a room with one door.So, whats the solution.There is none ..... until telepathy becomes a reality. By the way, you haven't come full circle, until you've had the Qwest (now known as Century Link) experience.Avoid this experience, at all costs.
1	Cox was great until I spoke with their customer service person Juan (Employee #1347). All I wanted to do was take some packages off that I currently have.I'm paying the 150.00 cancellation charge and Cox can shove it!
1	Horrible, Awful Service.
1	Terrible.  Most recent issue is with Video OnDemand - with television shows, if you pause the show for a period time (say, while you open the door to greet and pay the pizza delivery guy), you run a risk of not being able to restart the show.  At all.  My husband and I have found the following workaround:  we go to the non-HD version, start that, put it on mute, and let it play (since we're not allowed to fast foward) to the point where we paused, and then we watch from there.  I'm currently waiting to get 40 minutes into an episode of Grey's Anatomy.  Given how much we pay, it's ridiculous that this is the quality of service (and when we call Cox, they blame the network you were watching - nevermind that it happens on all of them).  For context:  I moved here from the Boston area four years ago - Comcast's offerinngs were light years ahead of Cox's at that time, and the services I have now are still well below the services I had in Boston in 2008.Pass the buck, deliver crappy service, charge an arm and a leg.  That's the business model.  As soon as I have an option for television service that doesn't include Cox, I'll be taking it.
1	I'm only putting one star because there is no option for negative 666 stars!My family has had Cox cable for about 15 years. We briefly switched to Qwest (now Century Link, I believe) and the ONLY reason we switched back is because we moved and didn't want to pay another installation fee. Plus, we needed internet.Cox Cable has been nothing but trouble for us. If we went an entire week without an outage, golly... I'd probably fall and not be able to get up (kudos to you if you get that reference!). And no, it is NOT the house or the neighborhood as this happened in every corner of the valley that we have lived in.Recently, my biggest problem has been the cable box for my bedroom. I had an HD box for about a year and I began having problems with a crackly/pixelated picture. We went through the hassle of going all the way to the Cox store to swap it out. And before you comment, YES... it is an inconvenience because Cox only has two (maybe three, if we're lucky) stores in the valley--none of which are close to me. I brought my box home, hooked it up, it worked totally fine for ooooooooh... two weeks! A whopping two weeks! It wouldn't even give me a picture. It kept telling me that it wouldn't connect. We tried everything to troubleshoot the problem, nothing worked. Finally, the call centre guy told my dad that we had to swap out the box yet again. Another trip to the mythical Cox store. I get my box home, hook it up... it took THREE days for it to connect and be activated. And don't worry, we didn't have a dime taken off of the bill.Their internet service has always been a thorn in my side. It goes down all the time and when it isn't down, it's slower than frozen molasses coming out of a jar. And don't waste your time calling about either problem because let's be real, it's Cox Cable... caring about their customers is not their forte.I cannot even begin to imagine what it is like to have their phone service. We stuck with Qwest phone service because Cox charges outrageous prices if you want to make long distance calls.Oh, and in the stores, the name of their wifi (which is on password cause they suck that much) is "cable gods". I really think they should consider changing that... But take your Cox remote with you. It's a long wait and they normally have CSPAN on the TV.
1	Cox is atrocious.Before moving to Phoenix we had Directv. Because of the direction our apartment faces the dish could not be installed so we went with Cox. Once our introductory period was up our service became really crappy. The HD channels that we pay extra for are fuzzy & jumpy. A technician came out a couple of weeks ago and made some repairs and adjustments. Everything was working fine for about a week and slowly the fuzziness & jumpiness returned in first the HD channels. Now all the channels are crappy. I just finished chatting online with a rep. I can't bare to talk to someone on the phone. I would curse someone out. Another technician is coming back on Friday, this time I requested they replace the digital box. Oh, and we can't access OnDemand programming either. We haven't had any problem with our internet, that's why they get 1 star. Once our contract is up which I hope is soon we are cancelling.
1	Voice mail has been non-functioning for almost one full week. There has been no email communication to this effect as I only learned of the problem from people trying to leave messages. Cox did not issue any credit for this until I called .Terrible customer service and I am canceling phone service with them as soon as someone answers
1	We have had Crux for 5 years and have had to exchange 6 boxes over that time that went bad and stopped working. Picture quality is ehhhh and when the sound does not match what the video is playing it can be quite annoying. Do i really need Spanish channels....no. Unfortunately in the neighborhood we are in we are stuck as far as internet access goes, oh one more thing...Speed boost....hahahah, i have a bridge to sell if you believe that one.
1	I just moved to an apartment complex that apparently has an exclusive contract with Cox. I didn't find this out until after I had lived there a week and and went through several managers at Century Link, who happens to suck even more than Cox, just FYI.Anyway, after being without internet for a week, I called Cox, signed up, paid a tiny deposit ($25, seriously at that low of a cost, what's the point??).I was offered to use my own modem (which I did not have), buy one from Cox (which was not a modem/router combo) or buy one on my own. As Best Buy had a modem/router combo for only $20 more than the Cox modem, I opted to buy my own. I also requested free professional installation and they had a special advertised all over their website for first month free, which was confirmed by the rep on the phone. After I complained about the sky high prices ($57/mo for internet only??) they gave me the first 6 mos for $29.99A tech was scheduled to come do the install at 5pm the next day. I went to Best Buy, bought my modem called Cox back and asked if I bought my own modem cant I install it myself the rep said yes that she would set that up for me and hung up. No further details. I called back spoke to someone else who said I couldn't do it right away but that I could do it the following morning and gave me the steps I needed to do a self install.Well the next morning I couldn't get it to work, called Cox and they said I would have to do a professional install but couldn't get anyone out for 4 more days. Had anyone told me this might happen I would have just kept the pro install appointment.So finally I get internet in my apartment. I have 15mbps, which is not their fastest speed, but it is double the speed of what Century Link offers, and its slow as crap!I had previously had Century Link and had no issues being on multiple websites at once while downloading music or videos simultaneously. Now I could barely browse a single website much less stream Netflix movies through my Apple TV/ It took 6 calls to tech support and multiple requests to have a tech sent out before I was finally able to get a tech scheduled to come out. So the appointment is for 3 days after my last call to tech support (which is about 4 days after having the pro installation done). Two guys come out and are in my apartment for 10 minutes. I needed new cable jacks (sorry if that is the wrong terminology) They change em out and leave and now FINALLY have internet working like it is supposed to.So now everything is finally working, and what do I get in the mail after just a week of service?? A bill. This should be fun trying to get this resolved.
1	In 2007 I moved out of Pensacola on orders from the Navy. All my bills with COX were set up to be paid automatically from my account but just to make sure, when I turned in my equipment I asked the clerk at the desk to confirm that everything was paid in full. She confirmed that I had no balance and I moved to my next duty station.Now 5 years later, I'm trying to buy a house and suddenly COX sends a claim to a collections agency that I owed about $58;. The agency reports it to the credit bureaus and overnight, my credit score drops 100 points?. I call COX to try to resolve the false claim and they insist the only solution is that I have to pay them this money.For $50 I would gladly avoid the whole situation and pay money I don't owe but to pay at this point is useless, the "late" payment remains on my report screwing up my credit for years to come. If that isn't bad enough, at no point did they try to contact me,. I'm pretty sure they had my email on file and I know they had my phone number (I've never changed my cell phone number). So I had no idea this false charge even existed until February 2012 when all the sudden it lands on my credit report.
1	I would have to agree with everyone else, there is nothing good about this company. For one thing,have you noticed that anyone who says good things about Cox is someone who came from "dial up" internet to them? Or else they work for them?Their service is bad. Their internet is fairly fast when it works, but it is completely unreliable. if I had to run a business using their internet I would go under! It constantly goes completely out or just slows to molasses, necessitating a complete hard reboot of my modem and wireless router. Service people have been out several times and I have been on the phone with them every other day for weeks. I have lived at two residences since arriving in Phoenix  and both places had issues with Cox.The HD on my  HD tv looks like crap compared to when I was with Comcast. My On Demand is usually not working... the list goes on and doesn't even touch the rude jerks on the phone! To beat all, their prices for their unreliable services are exorbitant and I have yet to get any kind of refund for the internet I pay for and only receive on occasion. I am aware that my internet speed is affected by how many users for each node there is. I expect that speeds will decrease a little during peak times. I am also aware that I now live in the 5th largest city in the USA. Still, my internet should not slow to a complete crawl or completely crash at least once and sometimes several times in a day!  I had Comcast before moving here and rarely had any problems. My internet was fast and reliable. I, personally, had good service from them. If there was any other viable choice for fast internet in this area people would buy it over Cox. The only reason they are getting cable subscriptions is because of their internet. As soon as Fios comes to this area I will be getting that. You would think Cox would take this opportunity to try to build a loyal customer base while people have no choice but to go with them.
4	Cox Internet is awesome when the local tweakers and crackheads are not tearing it out of the ground. Blazing fast downloads. Totally amazing. The Digis are cool. Cox phone works great as well as the cable tv. I have tried the 3 major satelite providers in my area and they are all bad but, Cox rocks! Just one; remember... never ever go into their neighborhood store if you are pressed for time. Extremely long waits. Just do all your ordering on the phone or over the internet and have it delivered to your home. Much more efficient anyways. Also, try to get a Cox employee for your installs and NOT one of their contractors.
1	Another annoyed Cox customer joins the list.  They're too expensive, have always had crappy service, annoying junk mail, hidden prices, fine print all over the place.
1	Cox communication is worst company of all time. I can not express my anger. I have been trying to set up service for 16 days now and it is just hoop after hoop to jump through. I have talked to several different departments all with different answers. If I hear one more person tell me a meaningless "I'm sorry" I will have a nervous breakdown. The complex I moved into doesn't allow satellite and centrylink doesn't provide service. Cox has a monopoly over most of the phoenix area and they know it. They literally have the worst customer service of any company I have ever encountered in my entire life. I would rather deal with having a flesh eating bacteria or anal warts, than talk to one more representative of cox communication. I wish them nothing but the worst.
1	Still giving this company one star because there still isn't an option to give negative 666 stars.I swapped out my basic HD box for a DVR box. I was so excited. The idea of coming home after a long day and being able to watch my daytime stories in the comfort of my bedroom, where no one would bother me... Omg, I was so excited.Going into the store wasn't terrible, but the traffic on the way to East Jesus Nowhere was. I went late in the afternoon and there wasn't a wait. The only complaint I have is that the lady assumed I was under 18 (she was offering a trial of Cinemax a.k.a. porn). Thank you for acknowledging that I have discovered the fountain of youth and my height is that of a 7 year olds, but I'm 20 years old.I took my new DVR box home, got it all ready to set up... yeah, the lady didn't disclose that I needed a different HDMI cable. Ok, no problem. I would've preferred to have not gone out again or spend money, but whatever. I get the new HDMI cable home, set everything up... the box isn't compatible with my two year old tv. My dad calls the tech support number, and they give us very basic steps to troubleshoot it because "this shouldn't be happening"--uh, no f*cking DUH, Cox Communications. We go through the steps a dozen times, still have the same error. Do you know how LIVID I am? So livid that I'm praying for it to rain bricks upon the Cox store. So livid that I might do as the old lady does in the Discount Tire ad and throw this cable box through their store front.My friend in the digital age? Yeah, more like the frenemy that I delete from Facebook and want nothing to do with immediately after high school graduation.
4	Wow, it's another year & a half & another zillion bad reviews for Cox!  Sorry everybody, but my Internet & TV service continues to be excellent.  Their "Preferred" Internet service still always gives me at least 12mbps down & 2.3 up, plus I get up to 35mbps down for long enough to download most large files from servers that are capable of sending that fast.  There's very little downtime (once a year?), the TV is super clear, & sometimes they give me $5 off on the monthly service.The only improvement that I can think of is to wish for is Current TV, which they don't carry yet.  With that said, it's still 4 Stars here for Cox & the Internet service has been WORLDS better than the Verizon DSL I had before!     :-))Preferred Internet & TV Service:  $53.99/mo.
1	One hour on the phone to try to fix an email problem, then I get transferred to a different department, who then stated that they couldnt help to then get transferred to a different person who stated that they couldnt help me with their own service! I wish they had Centurylink in my neighborhood. Maybe they dont give a shit because they dont have to. Given a choice: run forrest run!
1	here's # zillion and 1.Last week I signed up for the whole home DVR I knew I was taking a chance because i've seen nothing but bad reviews about it.  I also signed up for the internet and phone (porting my current #)I confirmed with 2 different people at Cox that I was getting the whole home DVR, the tech shows up within his scheduled window (contractor) I ask him at the door "whole home right" he says yes.He looks around at the various rooms where things would be going, and we are out that the box and I ask him how many whole home DVR's he's installed and he pulls out his phone and says "this isn't a whole home" he said i'll set it up for whole home but someone else will have to come back and do that. So he proceeds with the install and I get two of the crappy SA boxes that are older than dirt and the remotes look like they went through a paper shredder.he hooks everything up and leaves I call back and setup the whole home DVR install again and its set for today between 10-12 well 12 comes and goes and I contact them and they say we don't have any techs scheduled to come out today I proceed with my story and i'm told dispatch will be sending someone out today. If nobody shows up today, all this crap is being returned and i'll stick with Direct TV.The phone is a whole other issue, they were supposed to port my current # so the tech says everything is working great.  So on sunday I notice that nobody has called since the phone install was done so I call the number from my cell and after 3 rings it goes into voice mail but the phone itself never rang.  So I call my cell and a totally different # shows up.  They never bothered to tell me that the phone # wasn't ported properly so now I have no phone.The only thing that is working right is the internet
1	One more outraged customer, I'm tired of cox's shitty phone prompt system when you try to call for support, then when you mangae to get off that system to talk to a human being, you spend an hour on hold first.
1	Garbage, garbage, garbage. Why does everyone hate their cable company? Because the american cable companies have a monopoly and no reason to care. What are you gonna do? Switch to DSL? LOL! -that's what cox thinks. I've had cox cable for YEARS and consistently horrible service. I won't be surprised if I get disconnected while writing this review. A year ago cox claimed (as they claim with every customer) that it's your modems fault. It's NEVER on cox's side. So I bought a new modem. Same problems. TV service is spotty, glitchy. Shows random pixelated pictures every few minutes. Just this morning I turned on the TV and it was like a remix of the show I was watching. Just d-d-d-d-d-d-d-do it. Literally. I think I might give century link a try. Too bad verizon doesn't offer unlimited wifi with their jackpack. I'd love an alternative. Why is it so difficult to just get reliable internet?
5	I guess I'm the minority that has gotten great service from Cox.I got the preferred service for my tiny apartment, along with a new (pricey!) modem and router that was Cox compatible (from Fry's Electronics) and never had a problem with slow or disconnected internet. I know that's not everyone's situation but I did want to point out why I gave them 5 stars...The best customer service I've ever experienced with a big brand. Every time I called and had a question they were kind, helpful, prompt, and informed. I also received no hassle from canceling (only canceling because I'm moving into a place that already has Cox) and it was a simple process. How refreshing!
1	When I moved into my place a year ago, I was talked into "locking in my rate" for 5 yrs. OK, it was a little higher than the standard rate, but they assured me in the long run, it would be worth it since the rates will never go up. OK, I fell for it, I signed up- at the higher rate. 7 months later, I got a price increase.....what??? So I called COX. Customer service reps says I'm not on the plan where rates are locked in, and supposedly had no idea what I was talking about and could find no notes relating to the conversation I had less than a year ago. I worked in a call center- I KNOW conversations are captured.  I promptly cancelled and called Dish. Service has been great and price is way cheaper. And the techs that come out actually WORK for Dish...not the shady contractors that COX hires that don't even have the right equipment for the job (the idiot they sent to me didn't even have a ladder!). Not a big fan of Century Link for my internet, but I wont give COX another dime.
1	Our cable box has had problems since the day we got it and now they want us to pay to have a tech come out and replace the box or keep going out of our way to take it back. Also, they said that they knew the specific box they gave us was having problems but still it's our responsibility to fix it? I don't think so. We have only had COX for a month and I'm already hating it.
1	I totally agree with all of these negative reviews.We just moved to Tempe, and had Cox installed because they advertise that they have the fastest internet speeds.  So we're paying around $100, and we purchased their access point/modem device.  From day 1, it has never worked.  We get UNDER Mbps speeds (isn't it supposed to be something like 50 or 55?) on a regular basis, both directions.  Our access point drops off constantly...and yes, we've changed the channel so as to avoid conflicts with our neighbours.Anyways--I contact Cox.  I let them know that we're having LAN-side problems and we're getting packet loss and low speeds to our upstream.  I told them that there's a problem with our access point hardware, for starters, and something not right with our actual connection.You know what they said?  They'll send someone out to fix it (keep in mind that it has NEVER worked properly since their install a few weeks before) but they're going to charge me if the problem is with my equipment.  Well, considering most of our connectivity problems to their network are at night..they're never going to see those.  And I've already admitted that we have bad hardware.  So they're going to charge me to get something working that should've been working when it was first installed?  Anything else and you get a warranty.  Not them.I regret paying for the "best" internet.  It's NOT.  DO NOT get Cox internet.  I'd rather have CenturyLink--at least if I'm going to get crappy speeds I might as well get them for what, $20/m?
5	I recently purchased a new desktop computer and was having some problems with getting my messages sent out in Outlook on both computer and IPad.  In speaking with technical support and Andrew, he walked me through the entire process and all is well.We have Cox for our telephone, TV and Internet and are very happy with the service.Thank you.Jane and John Lynch
2	I continue to have only basic cable (which is paid for by the building I live in). I haven't went back to Cox for any movie channels. Although Netflix now has separated their on-demand and DVD into two different plans and thus it will cost you $15-$20 a month for DVD and on-demand, it's still a better option than Cox's movie channels in my opinion. I rarely have any technical issues with Netflix whereas when I had Cox half of my premium channels were ALWAYS on the fritz. And this was the same regardless of how many times I unplugged, reset or changed-out their cable boxes. Plus, now with Amazon and other sites like the Playstation store offering on-demand and new releases too, there is just no reason to pay for cable TV anymore, but Cox will find endless old suckers too "seasoned" to know any better.
1	To whom it may concern in the cox communications world:  Your customer service sucks! The training you provide your people pisses your customers off.  I was a nine year loyal customer, paid my payment on time, plus a little more. Today i started shopping for a better price.  I found one for tv cable so called to see if i could get the same deal with you. I was taking my bill from 189 (because of your bundle package special) to 99, (this is cable and tv).  I didn't need a phone at home so was able to drop that service.   I called one place and got this deal locked in for a year.  Your representative told me that loyalty is not what is important to you or your company!  Wow!  So with that being said,  Thanks it's been good, but it's goodbye!!!
1	I have been in my new home and with Cox Cable for exactly three days.  For three days, I have contacted Cox due to various issues with my cable box.  Also, they sent a technician to give me a different box.  That was this afternoon, but that box also stopped working.  I have spent more time on hold listening to their hold music than I have watching television.  (My next battle will be to not pay for listening to their hold music).  Their online chat support was also less than helpful and suggested I take time off of work to wait for another technician.  I quit using Cox for my internet at my last residence because of poor service and now I am experiencing the same level of non-service with their cable.  Be smart, save your money and watch your favorite tv shows on the internet.  Just don't use Cox for your internet service!!!
2	Cox is constantly resetting my internet and giving me problems.They like to reset the internet for hours at a time and it drives me INSANE.They do not give notice and they do not apologize when I call about it.I am going to try century link. I care more about the actual PRODUCT rather than the service at any rate.
1	WHAT A BUNCH OF IDIOTS! My parents moved from Az to Ca. Requested a forwarding from the old phone number and four phone calls later the mental giantsstill can't figure out their job!  I guess even though the pool of people to hire from is probably better than ever they still manage to scrape the bottom of the barrel.
1	Still giving this company one star because there still isn't an option to give negative 5 stars.I called about a week ago about some problems with my cable and Internet and yesterday they said they can't be at my house until late next day. The supervisor said " I'm doing everything I can" I'm down cable and Internet for the weekend when I work all week and I'll I want to do is watch some footfall and rest on the weekend. People this is the service I get for ($150) a month. I've been a Cox costumer for 5+ years and I'm not sure I'll make the 6 years as I feel they never go the extra mile. I don't want anything free.... I just want what I pay for that is not cheap!!!
4	I have had very good luck with Cox HDTV. Tech support has been very good so far.My DVR and remote have gone out once. Tech support told me to swap them out so I went to their closest store in Chandler and in two minutes I had my new hardware. Occasionally Cox reprogrammed some software which caused my DVR to glitch. It was annoying because they had to do a reboot which takes about an hour.I'm leery of bundling so I just have their TV.Cox is expensive but at least I don't have a contract.
1	the worst customer service i have ever dealt with.  price keeps going up every month without explanation.  i can get netflix,amazon prime and hulu plus for about 1/3 the price of cox cable. i switched to century link last year for internet last year  and they are not perfect but are way superior to cox internet by  a mile
1	I recently had cox out to install internet and cable. When I received the bill, Cox had charged me to fish 3 lines into the walls and one from the front of my unit. So there are 4 seperate charges for puling lines into my unit.Besides having a coupon for free installation, my unit had just been renovated and the General Contractor had put all new lines in the wall and could be accessed right at the attic opening. I told COX that the GC could confirm that the lines were there. I explained to COX communications that there was a mistake and that I shouldn't be charged for the fished lines.  Cox said they were going to investigate this, but they never even called me back and the charges are still on my account. They have the worse customer service and I should have ordered Direct TV. -Mike in Phoenix
1	I would love to give zero stars. I currently have their highest tier of internet, the highest rated modem yet this bullshit goes out and I rarely get the speeds that are promised. I have called tech support at least 5 times all negative experiences. Nobody on "tech support" seems happy to help or act like they give a shit. While trouble shooting I  feel myself talking to my left nut rather than an actual person. Lots of awkward silence moments plus the fact that they all read off of a lame script. My favorite part was trying to get sold on a TV package during my frustration. If my internet doesn't work what would make theses dickheads think I would want to give them more money to F up my TV service. Unfortunately they are practically the only game in town that offer such "high speeds" What a damn joke. DON'T PROMISE AT LEAST 50 MBPS WHEN I BARELY PULL IN 30. Don't spend the extra money on these false claims. I will be downgrading my service soon that's for sure.
1	This is my third attempt to get services set up.  I received a referral through another utility.  Granted, it will save me about $100/month over my current provider but I am beginning to think it's not worth it.  Each time I am told my services and install date have been set only to be told by the next person it has not happened.  Of course each new person can not tell me why I was told it was done.
1	I was quoted a price over the phone, that was part of a six month promotion. When I checked my bill a couple days later, I had been charged MORE THAN DOUBLE the quoted price for service and installation. I spent about an hour repeatedly calling and chatting with customer service reps online over the next week, trying to correct the bill. Now they claim the price quoted to me was invalid. I've gotten at least CLOSE to the price quoted me, after disputing the charges repeatedly, but still no cigar. I read good reviews about Cox, and certainly didn't expect this absolute pooper of an experience. BEWARE!!!
1	I just logged in to make my usual monthly payment and for my surprise my balance was triple! Really? I called costumer service and they told me that my  6 month promotion was ended a month ago, they transfered me to speak to one of their service "specialist" named DARNELL who was very rude and was not interested in keeping us as costumers...bad experience!!!! cox Internet and cable services are extremely expensive!!! we definitely switching companies
1	Do not deal with this company. They got me to switch away from my cable provider to Cox with their new rate of $25. I confirmed that the package included all of the channels I watch. After the installation, I discovered I had none of the channels I watch. So I called and was told that would be an extra charge - more than I was paying with my old provider! I then switched back to the original provider, which was a task thanks to the Cox tech. Cost to me - $$ for new installation, $$$ for lost time (2 hours on phone and 2 hours installation) NOT WORTH IT.
1	The one-star review says next to it: "Eek! Methinks not."Indeed. Could we take that and multiply that to infinity?I have had Cox service since 2003. I have continuously had ongoing issues with my internet- it sucks. They've been out a ton of times over the years and I have actually had probably 70 or more occasions to call and complain about something. Currently, it's cable TV.I have been noticing the past month or so that they are overlapping commercials to cut off programming mid-sentence and then coming back with dialogue already in progress. I didn't know who to blame for the longest time, but as an experiment a friend and I both DVR'd the same show. She has Direct TV. She did NOT have the overlap, and I timed it to be over a minute missing. So the guilty culprit is COX, who, after calling and talking to an IDIOT who tried to pass the buck "It's not our fault. Cox is told how many minutes of commercials they can buy, blah blah blah."  Wrongo. They are buying so much time and then running commercials under the guise of being, say 1 minute, when in reality they are 1.5 minutes or more. It has gotten ridiculous and I'm about to cancel ALL my Cox (sucking) accounts - cable, internet, phone (which also sucks.)I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!!
1	CONSUMER BEWARE IS RIGHT!!!  I called to set up basic  cable & internet service. I was given a bundle price of which I agreed to and was a fair price. I then upgraded my cable and got a couple of new boxes. I was told at that time of my new monthly fee which was stretching my budget but I wanted the extra channels. a few weeks later I check my bill and it had gone up $40!!!! Apparently my original internet pricing was a promotional pricing and was never told. So now Cox thinks they can just increase my bill and not tell me!!!! Not even a letter or an e-mail of the new adjustment. It took me 3 reps to get to a supervisor. I guess now I have to downgrade my nternet and my cable... Just be careful of Cox!
1	O M G!!!!!!!!!!  YES, I'M YELLING!!!  (deep breath, close eyes, just write the review!)  I see another review about someone who "just moved here" and their review of this company is pretty good.  Mine would have been too a couple of years ago when we just moved here.  But seriously? I mean seriously??? We have netflix and there is ALWAYS this delay.  You know, it just stops and reloads. We called about this ,and let me mention, that the people that are there to serve you are actually very nice, polite and treat you with respect.  We had someone come out to try and find the problem after trouble shooting over the phone, and buying a faster router.  They found nothing...and of course it didn't stop and reload while he was here.  But EVERY Friday night, or any other night for that matter, when we try to watch reruns of Louis C.K.  (love him)..............or any other video, it just stops and reloads.  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH... why the hell is this a monopoly?  There are no reviews of Direct TV here on Yelp.  If ANYONE has anything better they have found in order to be a netflix watching couch potato...let me know..I'd love it!
1	Cox customer service has become absolutely horrendous. We've had them for 7 years and in the last year we moved and were having problems with consistent internet speed. Tried to call them and got an automated message to call back later and it hung up! Really???? Tried their online chat and were told that our wireless router suck (NOT, that router is only 1 year old and at that time was one of the fastest on the market. Interestingly on our online chat we were in contact with 2 people--Alonso F and then Alonso G....Sorry, not buying the made up names) So, what's the problem according to Cox?---our router. Its not our router. We had this router in another home with their service and it was fantastic. Even if it could be our router, do you think they'd offer to have someone come out and check just to make sure there isn't another problem??? Of course not! What has happened to customer service? Its getting worse and worse. Very sad that people don't take pride in their work/service anymore.
3	Wow, it's another nine months & Cox is still dragging along at 1 1/2 Stars on here.  My dear Yelpies, you don't know how good you have it!Yes, they have raised the price for the "Preferred" Internet Service to $55.99 but they have also increased the download speed to a FAST (for the U.S.) speed of 30mbps, if the server can send that fast!Meanwhile, don't even get me started on what my Verizon DSL service was like over in L.A...  It was SO 1-Star!!  They had all my ports blocked so I couldn't serve up anything to family & friends, were in total denial about when you called & waited an hour to talk to some clueless individual in India whom you couldn't understand anyway, & also they had me roped into a contract so I couldn't even quit them & switch to cable...  It was total Internet Hell!     :-O3/1 Addendum:  Tonight Cox Internet went down for a little while so POOF, there goes a Star!  That still leaves them three though, as I begin my fifth year of mostly excellent service!     :-)
1	Cox has super lousy customer service. From the phone reps to the techs to the supervisors. My appointment today (which was a bogus problem on their end, not mine) was for a 3 -5 pm window. So I worked to fit this time into my schedule and bargained with coworkers to get out of work early. 5:45 comes and nobody shows...So I call Cox. It is now 6:45 and I am still waiting for somebody to take me off hold. Meanwhile I am "live-chatting" with a rep named Maritza R. who cannot tell me if the tech will be arriving and tells me that if they aren't there in the window they wont come. I told her that her customer service is lousy and I would like a manager. She promptly ends the chat. So I start a new chat. I get a fellow named Federico and immediately ask for a manager without disclosing any of the previous information. Funny thing is that after a 5 minute wait "Supervisor Charlie" answers and knows all the details of my chat with Maritza. It is now 7pm. Supervisor Charlie is providing his guarantee that the tech is coming tonight and he has emailed dispatch. So that is where I am now. Putting off my dinner plans in order to accommodate this lengthy window. Not sure if the tech will show...but lets face it. Anybody who has dealt with Cox Customer Service knows that the tech will absolutely not be at my place tonight. Nope I will need to take another day off so that I can have them come out and fix their problem with my internet. Oh and did I mention I take online classes and work from home at night? So no internet = no bueno. Thanks Cox.
1	They are the worst! I wish I could find another service provider! A Monopoly they have and it is not right! If you find anyone other than COX, please do. Can't wait to find another service provider. Anything would be better than Cox! They got the accounts crossed between a California Account I have and a Arizona account. They are the worst!
2	We moved to Arizona few months ago and since our 1st choice (Verizon) was unavailable and no one provides Fios service, we decided to go with Cox for internet and cable.Since day one, we've had to call in for technical support becauses of choppy video and audio quality.  That isssue never resolved.  It got better after we had the 4th tech come out but not great.  Today, we canceled the cable service because we were not getting any audio or video in any of the channels except the channel that the dvr was recording.  Even that would have been ok but no.. audio was so choppy, I couldn't make out the conversations and finally gave up trying.The internet was cancelled a couple of months ago because it was so bad.  We switched to CenturyLink DSL and things were better.The issue we had with COX was that the signal was not stable and inconsistant all the time.  The router they provided was faulty and the wireless part of it would disappear and disconnect us all the time.  And when we were connected, we were lucky if we can stream hulu or netflix with only a few pauses of buffering.... most of the time, we got frustrated trying to watch a single episode due to slow or intermittent lack of signals.Today... we are finally rid of a bad service.... it is too bad Verizon Fios is not available here.... that is what we had back in the east coast and have never had quality issues nor any complaints.
3	So lets brake down this review....Service- This is there worst grade should have been a 1 star. The people you talk to half the time do not know there heads from a hole in the wall, and the techs they send out are usually some kid that is working for "piece" work and really could care less if he is there on time or even at all.Product- this is a 5 star. The Internet is stupid fast and rarely gives me issues if ever. I have the highest speed they offer and I couldn't be happier with it. I also have the expanded HD cable services and am happy with that.Price- this is a 3 star. I have a hard time stomaching $150 or so a month for my "bundle". I have been with Cox for over 10 years now and have never not used them but I have seen my bill go up nearly 50% since I first got their services. I would recommend COX over dish or whatever else is out there, but they need to work on some things if they are striving for a better star rating.
4	I've never considered reviewing a service provider, but I have been impressed with their customer service so I did a quick check...low and behold they ARE on here for me to review.I didn't want cable, only internet, but when I went into the store at Tempe Marketplace during the Black Friday deals I was talked into getting it. Alright, alright. Oh, and I can cancel at anytime? Even better. I was given two self-installation kits (weird) so I wouldn't have to pay to have someone come out. Came home, got internet up and running no problem. Cable, not so easy. I gave them a call the next day to see what I was doing wrong, and it turns out there was an issue and they would send someone out the next day. I wouldn't have to be home.The next day came and went, still nothing. Gave them a call again. Turns out the cable guy came out (didn't leave a note) but it turns out there needs to be an installation and they will have to come inside. Scheduled it for another day, guy came out, hooked it all up, no charge.Fast forward almost 6 months and I haven't cancelled my cable. I don't remember what my "introductory rate" was, but my bill hasn't changed much. Anytime I have had to call them, I get right through. I've even sent an email and got a reply the next day. There have even been months that I haven't been able to pay my bill on time, but I have called and they have done a post dated payment. No problem and no interruption to service. Cox has great service and is so much easier to deal with than any other cable company that I have had (Comcast, Verizon, Qwest). The only thing I don't like is the On Demand menu, but that's so insignificant that it hardly matters.
1	Honestly, one of the worst companies I have ever done business with.  If you have any other option available to you, GO WITH IT!  I signed up for a promotional deal tv/cable/phone that was 99.99 for 6 months.  I was even quoted 109.72 after taxes and fees.  My first bill I expected activation fees so I wasn't surprised by that, however, not ONCE did I receive a bill that was less than 135.00.Their reps are incompetent when you call with a problem, you're consistently told one thing while the exact opposite occurs.  They are CRAZY expensive for what you get, I had gone from being a DIRECTV customer with 100's of channels in high definition for 34.99/month.  My Cox bill for TV was double that monthly for less than half of the channels offered by DIRECTV.  When I was a Qwest/Century Link customer I couldn't wait to get Cox high speed internet back.  Boy was I wrong, I would constantly have dropped connections, DNS errors and more.  They also advertise speeds "up to 25 megabytes per second and I consistently would check out around 12-14mbps on speedtest.net.  Now I understand I'm not always going to pull a 25Mbps connection all the time, but it's hard to stomach paying a 59.99/month bill for speeds i NEVER achieved.  Seriously, avoid this company like the plague if you can.  We went back to DIRECTV after moving into a house and I will NEVER do business with this company again if I can help it.  People let the contract of DIRECTV scare them away and I say this, don't let it,  my previous time with DIRECTV my bill was the same dollar amount every month without fail unless I ordered a PPV fight and every month with Cox it was a surprise as to what I would be billed even though my services never changed!
1	Worst service I've ever had.  When we first signed up last July we were told that someone would be out the next day to turn on our cable and internet.  After waiting at home ALL DAY and it being 6:30pm and still no tv/internet, I finally decided to call them.  I told whoever I was talking to that no one had showed up all day, and was forced to sit on the phone with her for 45 minutes while she sat up our tv/internet over the phone.  Strike one.  After about 6 months, I received a bill that read $176.00.  My initial reaction was did I forget to pay last months bill?  After looking at the bill we were paying over $100 for cable..that's fucking ridiculous.  I called again to talk to someone to lower our bill somehow, since a friend has the same services and a 24-month price guarantee for $99, and was told I would have to get rid of some of the channels to lower the price, back to basic cable, although our bill only went down $35.  Strike Two.Recently we moved apartments and requested a transfer of ONLY internet.  I was told no problem, it's done, and I went and turned in our boxes/cables the next day.  I got a bill today saying I owed $125.00 for internet.....It seems the genius' at cox were still charging us for cable, although my previous bill was pro-rated for tv cancellation, I have a receipt for the boxes/cables that were turned in, and a statement saying all tv services were cancelled.  Strike three.  How stupid do you have to be to work here?  After 50 minutes on the phone, someone was FINALLY able to help me.   Needless to say, I will never be using cox ever again, and will make sure I prevent others from making the same mistake I did.
1	Terrible!  First the internet service is slow and drops, second after having the service for 3 years they raise the price and I switch to Century Link.  Cox calls me and tells me after I switch that they can give me a better rate after all this time.  Then they start charging me for a modem something that I never ordered and I have to play fix the bill with them over and over......
1	Absolutely horrible. Just horrible! If you decide to sign up with this poor excuse for cable or Internet service, be prepared to get a bill for a different and higher amount each month. Top that off with the worst customer service in the industry and more bad reviews than I care to read through and you have COX COMMUNICATIONS! I'd rather just go without than to deal with them. I'd give them zero stars if I could.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE COMPANY TO DO BUSINESS WITH.  I moved 1 1/2 months ago and signed up for a bundle- tv, internet and phone.  Over the short period of time, I have had 3 technicians at 3 times come out to to reconnect my service.  The last time, I was charged $49.- for a service call as well as a charge for $19.95 to rewire the connection leading to myu home.  I was NOT told about different charges since I had NO service.  I had to have my phone number changed twice since it initially belonged to businesses and I was constantly getting calls to these businesses.  Cox charged me a $10.- service fee for the last change.  When I asked to speak to a supervisor, I was told that they would call me back.  Twice this NEVER happened.  Yesterday I decided to order service with a different TV company and a different cable company.  I would DEFINATELY NOT recommend Cox to my worst enemy.  STAY AWAY from this money grubbing company.
1	Just spent 98 minutes (phone has timer) with Cox due to no Internet connection.  To keep a long story short I talked to four people and appears the second person could of taken care of the problem.  Since I just retired from a job where I took abuse on the phone I was nice.  I also had sent e mail few days ago regarding the cover being off the Cox box  in yard and I received e mail indicating I have to be home ....what the heck ?!  Good grief..
1	The rudest people in business.  The web site is just as much a mess to navigate as the bill.  Every time I call it only gets worse.  I hate these SOB'S!  I pray that another company kicks them out of the country.  THEY SUCK
1	If I was able to give less than one star I would. This is the most pathetic customer service provider I have ever dealt with. You'll spend more time and money actually trying to get their service to work. 2 service visits, 4 phone calls with hours spent going in circles, and the internet service can not be fixed. Do yourself a favor and stay away.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE. We were promised a bill of 100.06 every single month that's with tax and EVERYTHING included, our first bill was 250, with a late fee tacked on, it has been exactly one month since everything was installed and we are already getting a late fee for a bill we never got. Also our cable was installed with a broken hdmi cable and the guy knew it was broke when he installed it, left and said the picture would get better. Of course it never did because it was BROKE. I contacted cox about how horrible everything has been working and their response was well let us know if it's still not working in a couple days, WHAT!? It's broke!! It's not going to work in a couple days, it isn't going to work until you FIX it. I of course called when I opened my bill and saw 250 and the lady was snotty and a know it all and told me that the reason things aren't fixed is because I used the chat option online and chatted with a representative and I should have called instead, why would you even have the chat option if we aren't suppose to use it!? Switching to direct tv ASAP!
1	I'm paraphrasing here, but this is how the typical customer service call went in almost all my experiences.Cox - Hi, how can I help you.Me - I am having trouble connecting to the internet at the moment. I've just finished resetting my computer, my router, and my modem. I checked all of my network cables, I'm able to communicate with other computers that are behind my router, and I just can't get to the internet. Is there a reported outage in my neighborhood at the moment?Cox - Sorry to hear that. Can you please try unplugging your cable modem, waiting 15 seconds, and plugging it back in?Me - Uh, yes, like i said, I just did that like a minute ago.Cox - Oh, can you just try again for me anyway?Me - I'm pretty sure there's a problem with the internet, can you just confirm if there are any reports in my neighborhood at the moment.Cox - Are you sure it's not your wifi? Can you try plugging your computer directly into the modem?Me - (getting upset at this point) Sure, I'll plug my laptop into the modem. ... still not working. Is there a reported outage in my neighborhood? I'd just like to know if there's an outage that is getting worked on or not.Cox - I'm showing that everything is online and no outage. I think maybe you should try resetting your modem again.Me - Really, do you have to ask me all these questions before you can answer if there is a reported outage in my neighborhood or not? Cox - Yes, we need to go through the troubleshooting steps first.Me - FINE - I'll reset the dang modem again, for the third time.Yep, still broke.Cox - I think there is a problem with your cable lines, have you ever had trouble with mice? I know that sometimes animals can chew through the lines. If you'd like I can send a line repairman out to your house, but there will be a $100+ minimum charge to fix the cable lines in your house.Me - are you serious?Cox - Yes, I have seen this before.Me - no, ARE.. YOU.. SERIOUS?Do you have a supervisor I can talk with?Cox - My supervisor is busy at the moment, and they will tell you the exact same thing I am. I have the same information they do.Me - I really don't care, is your supervisor's supervisor available?Cox - I'm sorry, why don't you try resetting your modem again.Me - GIVE ME YOUR SUPERVISOR NOW, please. I no longer wish to speak with you.Cox Supervisor - Yes, I'm showing there is a reported outage in your neighborhood and the service truck is actually working on it now. If you look down the street at the X and X intersection you should see them doing scheduled work right now.Me - ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?! YOU'RE DOING SCHEDULED LINE WORK ON THE CONNECTION IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD AT 7PM ON A WEDNESDAY EVENING? THIS IS REDICULOUS, AND WHY COULDN'T YOUR OPERATOR JUST TELL ME THIS WHEN I CALLED 45 MINUTES AGO?Cox Supervisor - I am sorry sir, there is no reason to get upset at me the way you are.Me - PLEASE GIVE ME YOUR SUPERVISOR CAUSE YOUR BEING BELIGERANT WITH ME RIGHT NOW.Cox, this is the reason I dislike calling you, no this wasn't a one time, unique experience, I've had very similar conversations over multiple calls. I'm so glad the relationship we had has finally moved on, and I'm not looking back!
2	Ole Cox.  I was with them in the 90's - for quite a long time.  At some point all the tv's in my house started having a snow effect showing.  To make this portion of my review short since it was so long ago, they came out repeated for 6 months before finally, 2 of them showed up on my doorstep and told me they couldn't fix the problem, didn't know what it was and that I would just have to live with it (I immediately switched to Direct TV and have never left them since then for satellite tv service).Fast forward to about 3 or 4 months ago.  Century Link.  I have been with Ma Bell companies since - Ma Bell.  Century Line was Qwest was whatever else......repeated down times of the internet led me to want to try Cox cable.  I went through a store in Tempe that will get you the service for far lower price than anything else around.  As is apparently normal for Cox, they sent out a sub contractor to install the cable instead of a Cox employee.  I greeted the man at my gate and came to realize within 30 seconds that this guy has an attitude problem.  I deiced to just go with the flow, he ain't moving in, just install the cable and he can take his attitude to the next house. Well, this guy demanded to drill a new hole in the side of the house - I wanted the thing routed a different way which he refused to do. I said find, you can leave and I'll just call Cox to send someone out to do it the way I want it, I am not making an unreasonable request here, it IS MY house, thanks, i don't want any more holes drilled into it's walls.  He then said fine and he would install it the way I wanted to.  Well, I was sitting in my kitchen and he was coming in and out and the look on his face was unbelievable.  I went out side and sat down next to a pond to just get away from him and let him finish his work.  The next thing I know, I hear this very loud crashing noise behind my house.  A few seconds later, a person that lives with me comes storming behind this guy who is walking around the side of my house, telling me how bad an attitude this guy has.Well what happened?  He just slammed that screen covering - made with 2X4's up against the side of your house.  I immediately invited the guy off of my property, get your stuff and get the bleep out of here before I start getting pissed;  He then started calling me racial slurs and talking trash about my house.  I informed him if he didn't leave, I would both be calling the police and Cox cable.  He continued to mouth off, but he did leave -  I was intent on getting him off my property even if it meant the police had to escort him off.  I made a call to Cox management and informed them what had happened.They sent out another sub contractor a few days later.  Please give me  a break.  They also wanted to start drilling holes in the side of my house. NO. They ended up digging a "ditch" no more than 2 inches deep to bury the line through the front of my property, throwing my gardening tools and miscellaneous all over the place, dumping rocks onto plants and basically leaving the place a mess.  I was getting thoroughly pissed at Cox at this point. I don't even have service yet and I a having all of this trouble?  I'm now on a third installation tech, this time a Cox employee, who finally said he'd put the line wherever I wanted it.  Great, through that existing hole.  He set the thing up and that was that.  I have it go out a few times since they installed it but a simple reset of the box has fixed it both times (and no, I did NOT call Cox to tell me to do that, I  pretty much try to not call incoming call centers of these large companies, they usually provide service that is on the level of what I would expect my dogs to receive at the county pound).I'm paying a great price for this service and I get a very high speed.  But give me a break on the sub-contractors. Where do they find these people?  Do they intentionally go out and try to find the worst people on earth when it comes to customer service?  I don't get it.  You would think they would have some kind of standards for how those people treat Cox customers.  If it hadn't been for all the crap I went through with 2 different sets of sub-contractors, I would have given them at least a 3 star rating.
1	Internet speed:poorService:poorHold times:ridiculousCable:inconsistentI randomly lose  tv channels, nothing can ever be resolved over the phone, they always need to dispatch a tech. Most people work during the day. I am not available for their damn techs during the day. I scheduled for Sunday. I've now been sitting here for 5 hrs waiting for someone to show up. Cox is unable to reach dispatch and can't tell me when someone will be here. This is for an appt I scheduled a week ago. The last time I had an Internet problem the guy was here for 4 hrs and pretty much gave up. He couldn't figure out why my Internet speed was so slow. Unfortunately century link is even worse so its a choice between the lesser of 2 evils.Update: it's now January. I've had 4 techs at my house, they fix it and a week later we're back to square one. Unbelievable considering what I'm paying. I'm done with cox.
1	I was told it was free setup, Do not let them plug in anything, I was told that  this is considered advance setup and you get billed additional $20.  I called to question and the girl stated "Tough we told you!" I was not told and explained this, She said o well it the fee
1	Cox customer service is AWFUL! I have been having a problem for the past 6 nights where the picture and sound starts cutting out around 9 pm. It gets worse and worse until it is completely un-watchable.It is fine during the day but does not work at night. I have had their technicians out here three times in the past week. They all said that they didn't see a problem (of course not! It only happens at night!) but they have replaced the drop from their feed to my house and replaced both of my cable boxes - SAME PROBLEM!!! They refuse to come out at night when my cable is not working.
1	Terrible.  I changed my auto pay to a new account.  They billed my old account and kept putting it thru.  They won't pay me the NSF fees.  Now I moved and have a credit balance and they won't send me my money.  They gave me the old "check is in the mail" and that was 2 weeks ago even though I canceled my service 36 days ago. They are the worst.  I'm so glad to be back with Direct TV where their employees actually help you.  Plus their services are much much better.  Bye Bye Cox.
1	PAY ATTENTION TO ALL THE BAD REVIEWS!! They are right. I am currently on hold with COX  - 5 minutes later listening to really bad music on a loop so I decided to share my experience here. I had COX years ago and never had a problem so I decided to go with them when I moved back to the valley. I had several months of "hidden" charges on my bill and was sick of it so I decided to switch. I got a call from Patty in "Outbound Retention" who asked how I would stay. (the fact that that department exists should be a red flag right there) I told her and she got me a lower rate, better service and whole home DVR service...so I stayed. 3 months later. I have had billing problems EVERY month and I am currently on hold trying to keep them from turning my service off because they say I am past due when I am not. Unbelievable. I would switch tomorrow but was told they have to rewire some things in the attic and my walk in closet is the entrance...a lot of hassle. So here I am...on hold. He is getting the job done but I have already spent so much of my own time trying to fix their mistakes. If you are stuck with COX don't hesitate to tell them how unhappy you are, ask for a supervisor, threaten to switch....those things all have seemed to work. (but do it nicely, it seems to have more clout) I am basically going to threaten them if I have ONE more problem with billing I will switch. They really don't want you to go so this seems to be the only way to get your way at this company.
1	We all have Cox because it is the only cable provider in the valley and I'm tired of it. CenturyLink only offers abysmal internet speeds, the highest of which is still slower than the slowest Cox can offer. While this may seem like a win for Cox, it is still a loss for the consumer. Cox's monopoly over the valley's internet means that they can charge whatever the hell they feel like charging you and also tack hidden fees on your next bill.  When I lived in Los Angeles, I had Time Warner, in which I was paying less for faster speeds, with UNLIMITED bandwidth up or down, and it was reliable to say the least. Excellent customer service and product.Google is charging only $70 for 1GB of bandwidth, granted it is only in select cities, and a very expensive on their part. Hopefully they roll out Google fiber optic into Phoenix, because it really needs new competition out here. If you don't know much about internet speeds, you are paying $70 for Cox PREMIER @ up to 50MB vs Google Fiber Optic same price, for 1000MB. I don't even think the average person needs over 50 or 150MB/s speeds, but we don't want to be giving up our first born child just so my computer can watch a 2 minute video at 1080p.The sad part is, no matter how many reviews go on this, they are still the only place we can go, and it won't make a difference anyway.
1	Cox has done it again!  Frequent outages and when you call them, they always claim they have no problems in my service area.  Happens at least 6-8 times a year.  Yesterday, my internet went down about 1 pm, and they again claimed that they had no problems.  But miraculously my internet connection was restored by itself at around 2 pm.  And they don't have a way of letting us know if they was a problem so that we don't go on wondering about it forever!  Crappiest telecommunications service provider I have experienced in my life -- and that is across 9 states.
1	I couldn't hate Cox anymore then I do right now. Let me make this brief:1.  I left my boxes in CA and forgot to mail them back to Cox. So when I moved to AZ I was told them about my epic f'up. They told me to sign up for the bundle package, so I did. Mind you, I don't even have a "real phone"   But I pay for a landline because I was told if I signed up for the package it was no big deal about my old equipment. - then I got a call from the collections department... Needless to say I have been over paying for the package and they sent me to collections anyway. 2. The cost is outrageous! I pay $151 a month and I don't get any decent channels. I got netflix for $8.99 a month. 3. There customer service dept is open only on weekdays ... Give me a break. Cox cable is an absolute scam.
1	I wish I could leave a negative 500 stars because cox stresses me out constantly.  I wish so bad there was another option but I have no other choice but to use them. Let's start with my monthly bill...$86 for cable and dvr on ONE tv! No hd, no premium channels. They are raping people.I was just on hold for 30 min and was told a tech could come out in 2 days...meanwhile I can't watch the walking dead lolI've already had a tech out 4 times in the past year...omg I'm so sick of it. Rude customer service reps, ridiculous prices and horrible cable service.COX SUCKS!!! Cox sucks...cox sucks.....cox sucksCan someone else please come out with a different cable company??!!
1	I have been with them for about 3 years. Once my contract is up I will not go back to them ever. I didn't have too many problems with them when I lived in Tempe, but once I moved to Phoenix a whole 5 miles away. My bill doubled. They told me when I moved that I had to have a home phone and I said I did not want a house phone, I have a cell phone. They told me that my bill would be smaller if I had a house phone. I said that doesn't seem right and they argued with me. That was all fine until I got my first bill and it was double what I was paying. They didn't tell me they were charging rent on the modem/router they just told me the one I had wasn't strong enough to handle the high speed. The internet here sucks, no is an or buts about it. I complained about it and they run through 4 different people to solve the problem and it doesn't change. When they came to hook it up the brought the wrong receiver and then told me I had to pay for them to bring the right one. I had the option to buy a new one and then wait for a refund, drive across town to pick up the right one, or pay them to bring me the right one. They will tell you they will reduce your bill and then when the bill comes it is higher then before. I would not recommend the anybody. I personally hope they get sued and force them to pay everybody back for the shitty service. I would recommend that if they promise you anything get their full name and ID number, or else they tell you that you are a liar.
1	Cox is the worst company we deal with on a monthly basis. They're the only cable internet company in the valley and they know it. Read all the other reviews and our story is the same. Their customer service is deplorable. This is the worst review I've ever given and I don't easily become negative toward companies. I'm a realist but they've had several chances.
1	You should kick yourself in the balls rather than give these assholes any of your money.  This is what happens when you allow government sanctioned monopolies.  Shitty service, no competition and outrageous prices.  I would rather do without TV and Internet.  Thanks!
1	Worst Costumer service ever!!! After being on the phone for over an hour, the Representative says, "Are you sure you have our service?" and then I'm "disconnected"!!!  Try again, start over with someone who doesn't speak English, says he will have to call me back- 1 week still waiting!  Also, bill went from $37 to $67 - new Rep says to "Cancel" WOW! GREAT idea!!I Give  Negative 5 Stars
1	Cox really sucks right now.  When I first got it, the speed was good, but recently they have started severly throttling youtube, I bet they are having a peering fight with someone, such BS!
1	They are expensive, and rude and inexperienced customer service reps. The cable guys came out 7 times and still couldn't connect my cable from outside, finally the last guy said.."oh we are not allowed to do that from the outside, you have to get a private company"...WTF!!!! and they charged me for it, I called and siputed for months!!!
1	I have had many problems with our Internet connection with cox and working from home creates a huge issue for me. I have called multiple times throughout the past month to fix this issue. Not only is it extremely hard to finally get a hold of a representative but once the Internet is fixed it works perfectly for about a day and then goes back to lagging all the time. I called back today and was disconnected by the automated system 4 times and couldn't contact them via the Internet because it is still currently not working. I wish we had century link in our area because it's such a hassle trying to get a hold of cox.
1	Just horrible it taken them a month to transfer my internet over. One guy I talked to was crying about him not wanting to lose his job and that he needs his job. They also don't return their phone calls. I'm glad I payed them $60 for no internet.
1	Just got my bill and my rate went from $55.99/month to $62.99/month.  Wake up Cox!  A price increase of over 10% in this economy will send me and others searching for our next provider.Netflix and Youtube videos stall and buffer at night during peak usage times so it's not like you have a superior product.  Grrrr!  Unjustified price increases really make me mad!
1	SERIOUSLY?!?!  Bill goes up 7 bucks without notice?!?!?  the only reason COX is still in business is that there is no other option. If they dont drop my bill, ive got to find another option out of principle alone.
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. The internet buffers and is not the speed advertised. They also have the most incompetent customer service and sales staff I have ever spoken to. After having current issues with my service the last thing I want is an increase in my bill and more services. Hello century link
3	Called the general 866 # in order to see if they were willing to lower my bill. $73 a month for just internet is too damn much. Century Link tells me I can get a 2 year guarantee for the same speeds at $29.99 per month. First try- got disconnected while being transferred to the "Loyalty Department".Second try- once again disconnected, however the agent I spoke with told me that I can press "4" if I have to call back in order to go straight to the Loyalty people. Third try- I press the number "4" at least 4 times but I still don't get transferred to anyone in Loyalty. So, Sarah keeps me on the line this time while she connects me. In a minute, I get through to the "Retention Department" where I plead my case and I am offered a discount and a 2 year price lock guarantee against any monthly rate increase. It took me about 5 minutes once I finally got through, and it was worth it to save 20% on the 55 mbps premier plan.
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE WITH COX IS A BIG FAT ZERO. Not professional at all.On Friday Nov. 29th I signed up in-store (Camelback / 18th St.) for Internet-only package and purchased a dual-band Netgear model. To my surprise I was told that a tech would be coming out to my house the next day before 7PM to set up my connection.Great I thought! I got a 1/2 off deal on the modem and Internet was $5 less than I was quoted online.I wait around all day Saturday Nov. 30th (my day OFF) and NO ONE SHOWS UP!! I call the next day early AM to speak with a real person and they tell me that it is strange that no one showed up, they'd have someone sent out on a work order that day. NO ONE SHOWED...AGAIN! So the next time I call (Monday the 2nd, I spoke with Scott) they said there must have been a mix-up and my scheduled date was actually WEDNESDAY the 4th (Lies).Wednesday I wait around and guess what... NOBODY SHOWS! I call again on the 5th and spoke with a lady named Emily (very nice, but I'm very bugged at this point) and she said "Ooooh, I know what happened, it looks like the techs all cancelled your work orders before they got to you because the computers show that your internet is up and running."(Haha, yes, if my Internet were running then why on earth would I be calling everyday? Not to mention they told me several times that they would be out, not even notifying me of their "visit cancellations")She seemed very nice and was helpful, but I had about had it. I was on hold twice for a duration of a little over an hour while she "spoke to techs" about possible causes. She said this time she would put in a "Real work order" (were the first few FAKES??) and send someone out Saturday morning between 8a-12p.Finally...a tech shows up! Yay. He is also friendly and said the line coming out of the preexisting Cox box has been DISCONNECTED on the side of my house (probably at an earlier date so they could come back and charge a fee to reconnect the line). So it was not up and running like they claimed in my earlier calls because their wire was DISCONNECTED. The nice guy (Jeff) was very helpful, wiped his feet before entering, did a speedy job and was quite knowledgeable when it came to answering my questions.I'm waiting for my first bill to see what kind of charges they come up. The Internet is FINALLY up and running after they lied to me numerous times and gave me the runaround, wasting my days off. On an upside...the Internet is quicker than expected and hasn't bugged out on me yet. Netflix loads quick like lightening with the 25mbps Internet Preferred.
1	Wish there was an option for -stars! They obviously don't read these reviews because their customer service is horrible!! They could care less when they hang up on you 4 times after trying to be transferred. Or they promise you one price but forget to tell you about all of the ad ons they charge for! After 3 yrs of service since I don't have a choice t you think there would be some kind of loyalty but heck no! It's always the customers fault never them. Tried to speak to a Supervisor and her attitude was horrible! Cox is horrible don't use them unless you have no choice like myself!
1	I have never hated a company more than cox. The worst service and customer service of not only cable companies but any company in general. Everyday I think about just going without cable TV so I won't have to give this horrible company any business. If you have a choice, never ever choose cox.
2	Same issue as everyone else.  You budget a certain amount and that means crap.  They will constantly add additional charges.  At first it was a $6.99 charge for "modem rental" which is only waived when you have a landline as well as internet.  Cancelled my land line over a year ago and suddenly, it was something that was "supposed" to kick in but never did.  So, I am stuck with a $6.99 charge on my bill.  They downgraded my internet, assuring me that it wouldn't affect my services (which it didn't) but a few months later, they raise the price for their services $7.00.  A lot of good that did me.  Thanks asshats.So I call in and I'm supposed to be transferred to customer loyalty.  First time the call is dropped, call back in and have to give the whole story again.  Again, they try to transfer me to customer loyalty.  After 25 minutes of dead air, I hang up and call back in.  This time I ask them to transfer me to a person, not just transfer me to dead air again.  I finally get a hold of someone who can only offer me a $5 discount on service for 1 year.  My bill is still the "prorated amount" which means I am still paying the full bill this month but it will be going down $5 starting next month (read, I am still paying $2 more per month than I was).Ridiculous.  Apparently sticking with a company for 8 years means nothing.
1	Ordered cox bundle service for $ 149.00 for 2 years. TV, internet, Phone.I live in a section of Las Vegas that Cox has not updated their system for over 10 years.I need constant internet service. Work from home. Cox said I would receive 10 mb of speed.2nd day no internet, so when the internet goes down so does your phone service.So now I am on hold for 3 hours using my cell phone minutes to speak to someone about no internet. Cox sends out a repair man, changes a bunch of wires, leaves.Internet service works for 2 hours, down again.On hold for 2 hours, Cox sends out a second repair man.Second repair man, changes modem box, checks wires, says they need to change out outside wiring, puts in order to do so.Repair never came.Now I am dealing with intermitten internet service for the next 3 weeks.Called a total of 5 times, with hold times total 10 hours.Now first bill arrives $ 271.87.Charged me for long distance calls that I was told when I signed up would be free.Due to no constant internet service, I have no choice but to cancel service.Just received my final bill with a $ 220 early termination fee.This has been the worst experience I have ever had with a company.Total ripoff.Please be aware of this company. Stay far away
1	Worst company and service. Just search their reviews on the web. Problems, glitches and slowest webmail possible persisting for..... Years!!! Have contacted their tech dept. to resolve but no change . Same experience with customer service, hour holds, disconnects, and rude incompetent help.  They purposely "throttle" it to frustrate you in to spending more money, for more BAD service??? !!!  Want an alternative , go with Century Link. They have all services or can team you up with one of the satellite companies.
2	So I just moved out here to AZ from Chicago. Decided to go with Cox since I was with Comcast (fantastic service, so so customer service) for so long and figured another cable provider who has a big name should do the trick. I only need internet service since I went with DirecTV for the other end. From day one the internet has been unstable, frequently going in and out, and being completely erratic in regards to stability. I work from home, and have a VOIP phone for work, I need a stable internet connection at the very least during my work hours. The VOIP phone constantly sounds like robot vices, cuts in and out. Wireless devices loos connection, my Samsung Galaxy S4 constantly notifies me of unstable connection. I have a tech coming out for the 4th time. If its not resolved this time, I am closing the door to my less than a month adventure with Cox and going to CenturyLink, and honestly I don't have much faith in them either.
1	Zero Stars. Zeeeee-ro.Logged on today to pay my bill and find its gone up $7 just for internet. Happy New Year, from the cable company.
2	I just experienced again an issue I have registered several times before with Customer Svc, and never had addressed: a customer for 10 yrs, yet while watching a program on a channel for which I've paid, the program is interrupted by a screen informing me how to purchase that channel. The interruption tonight occurred during a key scene in the long-awaited Downton Abbey 4th Season premiere, and lasted long enough that I never found out what the discussion was about. NO ONE ever even addresses my complaint or inquirey regarding why this happens with various channels, all channels for which I've been paying many years. I've asked if it has to do with the cable box, but still no response. Add this to the similar complaints lodged by others about the overcharging, the fact that they allow contracted field cable svc workers to help neighbors/their friends access svcs for free in my apt complex, while I pay for those svcs, and it adds up to a real problem at times. I have found the internet svc to be pretty reliable, but no one answers my questions about why I am charged for the highest level speed of internet when I've requested information about purchasing the slower rates, esp when the cost of internet far exceeds what my employer will reimburse me for using. Oh, and when they "improved" their billing format, it has made if far more difficult to understand and no one can answer questions about what some fees are about.Lots of room for improvement.
1	Cox Communications consistently raises their prices. High speed Internet Preferred used to be $35 a few years ago but it constantly goes up, from last year's $56 price to January 2014's $63. Their "choices" jump from a ridiculously slow 5MB package at $48 to an overkill 50MB package at $63 with no speeds in between.I switched TV by going to Costco and signing up with DirecTV (received a $300 Costco gift card and a big 2 year service discount) and now I'm switching to CenturyLink for Internet and an additional $5 bundled discount.  12MB Internet is only $20/month for the first year and then $45/month after that.
1	I just couldnt take it any longer! What a waste of time and money to just try and use their services (extremely, painfully slow internet) overpriced cable with a billion channels and nothing I WANT to watch - tons of garbage filler channels that you HAVE to wade through to find something good, and then when the crappy product goes from painful to use to not working at all you get the EXACT SAME results from their customer service!  Painfully slow, cant find anyone who can actually help with the problem, and unexpected charges for everything!I finally cancelled the whole thing because it was just as useful unplugged and in a box in the garage!  After another excruciating experience just TRYING TO CANCEL! I move on thinking it's all in the past and I wont have to deal with them again.  BUT, that's when the deluge of offers in the mail come in wanting me back, touting their awesome service, incredible prices, and happy customers! Really? Then I start getting calls wanting me back. This time the people are quite friendly even though I'm irritated and dump on them about how they failed over and over before they lost my business.  Still they keep calling and are quite pleasant.  Then it occurs to me... this is where they put all of their good people - on the phones trying to get pissed of customers back!Too little, too late.  I'm extremely happy without all of the frustration.  Now I just use my iPad and stream a movie from Netflix now and then if I want to.  Much better, cheaper, and i don't have to deal with people that makes my head want to explode!
1	Their services are overpriced but reasonably consistent, but I still wouldn't recommend them.  They called us almost every day for months, so finally I picked up the phone to their recorded message saying there was a problem with the bill (which there never was).  So, since I wanted to get this pain in the butt settled, I followed instructions to talk to a customer service rep.  Their idea of customer service is a joke.  This woman claimed that the phone number might still be attached to an old account (we've lived here 2 years!), verified the address, phone number, name on the bill, last 4 of the social and then asked my partner to verify since it's in his name.  I put him on the phone, he verified his name and that he wanted the calls to stop, and it should have been done right then and there.  No such luck,  She kept rambling about how he had to get back on the phone to repeat all of the same info I just gave her.  What a lazy bunch of jackasses.  They have all of the info to go look up the record themselves to verify who the number belongs to, but instead choose to keep harassing us for no reason.  As soon as we move, we are done with them.
1	I can't believe they have the brass to use the word "Communications" in their name. Trying to communicate with this company is worse than having a tax audit and root canal in one day.  No email communication available.. how lame is that? Online (offshore) chat support folks are nice enough but so un-empowered to help that you might as well talk to a Furby.  So that leaves driving to their store (seriously, just to talk to someone for, like, 5 to 10 sentences?) OR you can call and hang on hold for 30 minutes listening to a tape telling you to "step up to the DIGITAL AGE"  blah blah blah.OTHER companies often will take your number and then call you back when a rep is available, but not Cox COMMUNICATIONS, no sireebob!!  YOUR time is worthless. Every day they bombard you with ads via US mail, online, in New Times and all the papers, billboards even...trying to get your business. Their pricing commitments are verbal, that way they can try to pull a fast one when you get your first bill. Assuming they don't get away with the bait and switch, they will stick it to you after the 6 month teaser rate. They at least double what you pay. But they have no choice but to rip you off...how else can they pay for all those ads?
1	Cox is the worst company on the face of the earth.   My internet has doubled in price over the last 3 years, and each time without any notice.   Goodbye Cox, hello CenturyLink.
1	Do not ask Cox to do something simple such as change the name on the account from yours to that of your wife unless you want to endure 5 hours of frustration and no service...am at the point of changing provider and awarding Zero stars if it were possible
1	WORST in the industry.  These guys have no idea what the words "customer service" mean.  EVERY time you call them its a hassle and you are told it's your fault that your internet don't work.Also incredibly frustrating to go through this LONG drawn out auto attendant that is suppose to help you.  WASTE of time !!   I was sent through this entire long process of resetting my modem, resetting my router and answering 175 questions before I FINALLY got to talk to someone with a pulse (who made me wish I was back talking to the computer)Then the live attendant said their system didn't carry over my data and I had to go through the whole process of proving who I was AGAIN.  After all this I was finally told they had a system outage.  COULDN'T you have told me that 20 minutes ago when I first called in?  RIDICULOUS.when I asked for an ETA of when the outage would be fixed I was told that if I wanted guaranteed internet service I should have bought the Business Account.  WHAT ??  They admit their residential service SUCKS by telling me I should have bought the more expensive Business Service if I wanted decent service.  Give me a break, YOU SUCK Cox Communications !
1	Looks like I'm in good company when I say I dislike Cox Communications.  My experiences are across several properties, in different areas.  My problem with them is primarily the way they handle service interruptions.  When you call in to report an outage, if you are the first caller to report, it's not considered a system fault, it's just you.  They make you schedule a service appointment, making the point of telling you that you will be charged if you're not home when the tech arrives, and charged if its a problem with the wiring in your house.  When the third caller reports the outage, only then is it treated as a system outage and your service appointment is cancelled and a tech is sent out.  I had an argument with a support person one time.  I refused to do all the 'turn this off, unplug this, turn that back on....' It was a waste of time as far as I was concerned.   A few hours later a supervisor called.  I thought at first he was going to tell me it was inconsiderate of me for my attitude towards the call center person, but he apologized, it was in fact an outage and that a fiber line had been cut.  I told him Cox procedures are very aggravating as it treats the problem as automatically the customer, not the system.I will never ever have Cox Comm in any place I live.  Lucky for the sales department, no one patrols my neighborhood, or they would get an earfull!
1	Saw a jump in my monthly bill from $38 to $63.  No notice, just surprised me with a 65% increase in my bill.  $63 for just internet service!  Nothing else, no bundle, just internet.  That is ridiculous! Tried to find out why, but customer service could not tell me, that department was closed at 8:20 PM phoenix time.  So was the department that would cancel my service.  Have to wait until tomorrow morning to get it shut off.  I can not wait for verizon and Comcast to start offering service in my area.  Nothing like a little competition to keep these crooks in check.  Switching to Century link for the next year, then we'll see who gets my business.
1	My biggest beef with Cox is that when you go to cancel your services they give you the third degree and make you feel uncomfortable and awkward. They just raised their prices across the board last month... What do they expect? Of course people are going to jump the Cox ship and look for more affordable options. When I signed up for their internet service, I asked them if there were any promos going on at the time, the rep said "no, call us back in a few months and see if there's anything available at that time" So I pulled the long time customer card out and asked if there is nothing at all the can hook me up with? He gave me a credit on my $30.00 self-install fee...! Why do they charge you a fee if you install your equip yourself?? Ridiculous! So when I found another more affordable option and called back to cancel 3wks later, I told the rep I was cancelling and they were bending over backwards to try to find me a discount to stay... why didn't they do that in the beginning?? They only want to give you a discount when you are trying to dip out. I ended up getting Century Link internet and Directv for less a month than Cox was trying to charge me for internet only.... If you want to keep your customers you have to provide excellent service and prices. I'm jumping off the Cox train for good.... Get Century Link or get a Roku box... you'll be better off....
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would!  First of all, let me say how completely irritated I am they keep raising their prices.  Really? I know for a fact based off the friends of mine you laid off that you outsourced a lot of your jobs destitute countries where their unfortunate citizens probably get paid $15 dollars a day.  I'd be shocked if they made that much though cause we all know greedy corporate America.But you outsource the jobs, you're saving tons of money right there, why do you keep jacking up the prices every other day for your extremely crappy service!?!?!Problems? Let's start with the cable box, we've been calling and complaining of the cable box going out for a good year until finally one person with a brain out of the dozens of people we spoke to told us he had an extremely outdated model they don't even give out anymore.  They suggested we exchange it in and that it would help the problem.  I was happy they found the problem but super irritated they charged us.  I felt it should have been free considering we complained for a year and went many days without cable even though we were paying for it, all due to an old box that a million other reps could have said something to us over.But I return the box, I pay like an idiot.  Take the box home, set it up, it works wonderfully for all of about a day before it breaks down completely.  It doesn't even turn on, that's how dead it is, but it was brand new.  Exchange it again, free of charge this time, and they give another box that looks completely different from the supposed upgraded one we just got.  The 3rd one starts breaking down within a week. If you go to change a channel is will rush through them so rapidly you can't stop it.  And the box just keeps shutting down on it's own for no reason.  I've called and complained almost daily and they haven't offered a new box free of charge yet. Instead they keep resetting it.Then their Internet is just as bad if not worse.  It kept shutting down and crashing and we kept calling and complaining until finally after about a year of complaining someone tells us the router is out dated and we need an updated one.  Which they charge us for that too even though just like the TV we couldn't really use the Internet for almost a year.  We hook that up but it only worked for about 4 months before it started randomly kicking us off the Internet, forcing me to dig my way under the desk to hook it back up.But it's not just the Internet it's their email access.  Even entering the account from another computer, the cox website is just slow.  It thinks about whether it wants to work and is slow to load from any devise you use.  Even when you're using someone else's Internet access that is blazingly fast, your emails are still loading up like it's delivering the mail by horse and buggy and not electronically.  That is if you can access your emails, because I'm locked out of it on a regular basis.Unfortunately where I live, Cox is the only option we have right now.  But I hate them so much and it's such a waste of money to spend so much and get no use of it, I'm tempted to just cancel everything and suck it up and head to coffee shops if I need the Internet and crack open a book instead of watch any TV at all.  My cell phone gets better Internet service when I hook my computer up to it, much better then cox and your cell phone is only made to do so much.I say if there is ever another option I will ditch cox in a heart beat and go to the other company.  They couldn't talk me out of a switch if they offered me a free car. Bet that crap would break down anyway!
1	Troubleshooting was worthless, and irritating.  The service is intermittent.  Very frustrated, I have had the same issues with this company in Philadelphia as well...
4	I am not giving a Cox a 5 because they have raised their prices and their internet service is starting to get unreasonable. On the other hand, I signed up for a price lock on my internet and they did reduce my monthly cost by $5. That sounds like a bad deal except for the early termination fee is only $2 for every month left. If centurylink gets their act together in my area I could be in for a switch on internet but we'll see.  As for the cable we have the economy package and love it overall. We have had issues with the DVRs as it is the old equipment (not contour) but unlike satellite they always come out and replace it for free.  As to the price of cable it is great.  It is really all we need in the amount of channels, have the HD DVR for a reasonable price, and they don;t play the horrible price games I see with Satellite.  Sure it goes up a little after 6 months ($10, and HBO another $5 for a total of $15) but it does not shoot up over $100 like Directtv.  Additionally, if I ever get frustrated I can just cancel as there isn't any contract.  If they get the internet in order I will be a 5.On a related note some people have talked about issues with the boxes and that all they do is reset them.  When we first got our box we did have issues for a couple weeks.  Within that time they replaced it 2 times and it was promptly done the day after we called.  I was then informed if we wanted we could always go exchange our box at one of the Cox stores for free.  We had to do this one and we have not had any other issues.  In all of these times the people were very courteous and even went out of their way to find a replacement box. It is an old system so some boxes will have issues but they still carry the economy package still which is an amazing value and have never charged me when they have come out even replacing all of my old outdated lines for free. If you don;t like the old system then go ahead and pay the extra for the new system, but don;t complain when they offer the old system for those who seek real affordability or maybe they just might stop.My cost for tv ecomony and internet essential along with HBO and variety pak is not $140 as one person claims with a lot less than me.  My cost is $102 and will go up to $115 in 3 months. No contract and if I got rid of HBO and variety it would drop below $100.  Yes a lot of money and yes the cost internet is crazy but compared to what else is out there it is the best option right now.  Compared to other options when it comes to tv it is exceptional.
1	It is very stressful dealing with these thieves.  Discriminatory practices where they charge different prices for different customers.  I have polled numerous friends and people that I work with to see what they are paying, and what services they receive.  It seems that I pay the most for the least amount of options.  Why is that? I don't have cable boxes in every room or a DVR or their super fast internet option, and I only have HBO, but so many people that I spoke to do have these options as well as additional movie channels, and are paying about $50 less than I do each month.  I tried to negotiate with them but to no avail.  Funny how other people call to complain about the pricing, and Cox is willing to negotiate with them but not me.  That's discriminatory and immoral.
1	WORST COMPANY EVER.  Horrible customer service, not friendly.  I had to walk the representative through the website over the phone.  They don't care about loyalty at all, or keeping customers.
1	Giving one star is a bit too generous.  This company is a gouging machine.  Fees go up up up up and up some more.  Sky is the limit with Cox. Have been with company 30 + years.  In last three years my rates jumped over 50%. Nice reward for loyalty, NOT. Time to go with competitors introductory rate plan.
1	Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful.They are an AWFUL company with a CRAP product.I agree with every Poster - same experience. And they additionally RIPPED me off by overcharging me DOUBLE and then KEEPING my money. And then yes - no recourse and never a manager available to intervene. DISGUSTING.The thing is, technology and other companies eventually "catch-up." Century Link, Dish, etc. etc.  And when that happens, these monopolistic companies suddenly FALL, because they've provided such HORRID service for SO LONG. Until then, you SUCK, Cox.Bye from me.
1	One word.... Horrible.
1	Have you ever tried to cancel your Cox Communication service via telephone! What a bunch of crap!!!! After my wife and I called 4 different times with many different Cox employees, they still wouldn't cancel our service!!!!!....So I sent them a registered cancellation letter....DO YOU HEAR ME NOW!!!! LOLWon't be back with them sooooooooooooon......yea right.....
1	Dead Cox,     It me one of the many people you have screwed over, cheated, and just pissed off. After waiting a month for you to transfer my internet over to my new place and the appointments I've made to have it set magically never made it to your system. I stayed with you because I thought the worst was over. Well congrats you proved me wrong. I started my business with you paying $27 and a year later $73 just for internet. The last 2 times I had to call in because I can't get in to my account online anymore. I received my bill dated for 2-23-14 on 3-14-14. On that bill it said I missed a payment. Check my bank account money was taking out of my account. Next day my internet was shut off. Called in I was told to send in my bank statement. I asked to talk to the manager. Manager said it the only way to prove it. I advise him the proof on my account I called in to make the payment. He told me no one pulled up my account since January. So someone took my credit card number, money was taking out and you want my bank statement with my account number. Right I was born yesterday.
1	I have had nothing but problems with this company. If you have any other options, take them. My most recent issue was the moving issue before. They charged me 2 $20 fees for moving my service (internet and cable), fine i get it, and then all of a sudden they are sneaking a $60 charge for an addition set up. The first guy didn't set up both of my cable boxes. They blamed the apartment complex saying it was the outlet not them. So i contacted my apartment and they sent someone over to check the outlet. It was fine (no surprise there) so i called cox again. This time they sent someone out (2 weeks after the original call- still charging me for the 2 boxes) and the person activated the second cable outlet because the first person didn't do that to begin with. Now i am inquiring why i should be charged for this second visit and they are saying it is because the outlet was damaged and they had to fix it, yet the first person did not notice that. Well this is news to me and how was i supposed to know that. I honestly think they are just making that up so they have an excuse to charge me. In my last place i had direct tv. Never once did i have a problem like this. If i could switch, i would in a heartbeat!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  I have easy pay and they charged me twice within 1 day for February.   When I called them about it the lady I talked to could not figure out what happened.  I told her never mind and called Discover to dispute the charge.  They sent a request to Cox for copy of a receipt that would validate the dould charge.  Cox never respond to their request.  On 3-18 I got a bill from Cox saying I owe $709.00.  When I called them they are saying I owe for February,  March and April.  Instead of responding to Discover they just refunded both payments and sent my bill to their collections department.  I have been with them for 13 1/2 years and stayed with them even when the bill kept on going up.  I would think they would give me a courtesy call before sending it to collections.  Since I was on easy pay it is not my fault they made a mistake.  Thry were going to charge me $50.00 for them returning payments to Discover and $8.50 for late payment.  When I complained about it they decided to not charge me the extra fees.  I still don't see the refund in my Discover statement.   They said when I get a new bill in April,  I have till 4-13 to pay the bill otherwise it will go back to collections.   When I asked how I could pay it by 4-13 when I don't get the bill till 4-18 they basically said it is not their problem.  After spending over an 1 1/2 hours I finally got Adrian who was able to help me.  My 2 year price lock will be over on June 2015.  I will be cancelling ny service and go with Direct TV.  I was waiting for AT & T's Uverse or Verizon's Fios to come to my area.
1	What can I say that hasn't been said. This is one very greedy company who has never heard nor cared about a recession. That $99.99 package I once signed up for has now magically risen to $223.So their web site somehow can't finish processing my most recent payment but tells me to not pay again. I will be notified when the problem is fixed. Day after day I call them to discuss and am told they can do nothing on their end, and to wait. Finally on day 4 I get a somewhat smarter person who takes my payment by phone. I happen to casually mention that the last $19/month increase bothers me and I am considering other options. She compliments me on being a great long-term customer and suggest that she transfer me to their Loyalty department who just might give me some billing concessions. I ask when they close and she says in 30 minutes. So I get transferred and hear, "You have reached the Cox Loyalty Department. We are now closed. Please call back."Ugggg.
1	I hate that they have a monopoly on cable here. Everytime u call customer service expect to wait at least 15 minutes. I got locked into a contract (don't do it) were we had to pay for extra channels we never watched for 2 years at 160 every mth and couldn't cancel out of it without paying like $500. Then we switched to just internet. Internet has always had problems. Kicks me off all the time or has limited connection. First you have to use their automated system before they let u talk to a person to try  and fix it yourself with a stupid robot telling u things u already know. Then when I finally reached a person after having to try and fix it myself they only provide temp solutions. They never have anyone come and fix anything either or compensation for problems with their service. They say it will cost $200 to have someone take a look at problem even tho it's their equipment! I could go on and on.
1	This service is the worst! Another day of waiting on hold for 15+ minutes and giving up! Imagine having to go out to your breaker box and flipping all the switches for your electric work - Thank you APS! .... Or turning all the water on and off through out your house - Thank you Scottsdale! Or - being instructed to turn off your cell phone to work - Thank you Verizon Cox - You have a lot to learn! Can't wait until Microsoft or Apple put you butts out of business!!!!!
1	If you have read almost every other post, then you know that Cox is down right the worst cable provider out there. I won't even go into the money aspect. Look at the other reviews and see the horror stories. The thing I don't understand is how in the world are they still in business. Their On Demand and th way the guide is set up is a joke. It's ugly, hard to read, and it takes forever to find a show on demand because nothing is in alphabetical order. Their show descriptions are ridiculous as well. They tell you nothing about the episode that's playing and if you pay close attention, 25% of the words are mispelled. Is that a huge deal? Probably not. But it just gets under my skin because are they so lazy that they cannot even get a simple description correct. Also, I really wish they listed the season and epsiode numbers as well.Another thing that irks me is how it takes forever for On Demand stuff to load. I personally have never had that problem with other providers. Why does it take 2 minutes to see what's available?!?! Oh and the best is when after you wait forever for it to load and you get the "check back for exciting movies and shows!" Or whatever the heck it says. If you don't have anything On Demand for the channel...remove it for gosh sakes.I could keep going on and on but I don't want to bore anyone. Point is, if you can switch from Cox to another provider, do it. It'll be the best decision you made all day. So many things wrong with them...and I doubt it will get any better any time soon.
1	Negative stars again I say!!! I've been contacted by what I'm sure is one of their employees trying to bully and harass me into changing my review.  I stand by it, it goes unchanged Cox!Which I'm more then positive the corporation would appreciate their employees reading through reviews to harass customers.  Keep a leash on your people.
1	Poor quality product, less than innovative and over priced. Does not deserve the star I am awarding.
1	This is hands down the worst company I have ever delt with. I have called four locations around Phoenix and nobody has answered the phone. When you do get someone they are rude and dumber than a box of rocks. It would be less frustrating if they put a deaf dog on the other end of the line. Our bill started at $45 and is now $110! We only have HBO with basic cable and NO internet. I would of switched to dish or direct TV but my apartment doesn't face the right way.I could start a cable company out of a card board box and provide a better service to customers. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!
1	The amount of bad reviews is astonishing, and unfortunately for this company most of the reviews are on point. Worst company ever. Crap service! Our apt complex is only contracted through Cox so we have no choice,  $43 a month for SLOOOOOW unreliable internet.Trying to watch a 45 minute show takes well over an hour because of the amount of times it freezes or can't load hulu. Wtf?! We used to have AT&T and paid the same price for the 2nd fastest internet that we are paying for this crap now.Horrrrrrrible. AT&T I miss you! :(
1	Ditto what almost every other reviewer has said, negative stars if I could, prices go up for poor or non existent service. My wife and I are snowbirds, we've had cox for six + years. they used to have a feature where you could put your service on vacation for up to six months and that worked great. This year I called to put the service on vacation, I told the girl I wanted the cable turned off but the internet left on.  Ok no problem she says I can do that for you and your monthly bill will be $74./month ... me; "What? why? it's $39. now ... "her; "well we have had recent changes here ..."me; "so is there no other options?"her; "no, what would you like me to do?"me; "ok well $74. / month is too much for basic internet so shut that off too"her; "Ok no problem, your bill will be $54. month"me; "What? $54. a month for no service? no phone, no internet, no cable, just an account?her; "yes sir thats correct .."me; "cancel my account"good bye Cox, I called Centurylink, can't possibly be any worse ...
1	Update:  4-17-14.I received a voicemail from Cox with a phone number but no name.  I called that number and somehow I got connected to their collections department.   The person I spoke to said the computer does show the February double payment so he doesn't understand why I am having problems resolving this.  He will have billing supervisor to call me back.  That was a week ago.  I guess they figure if they ignore me I would just give up but they are not thinking about the money they weill lose when I cancel their service.  Also, when people read this review and decide not to utilize Cox service.
1	Logging in here after many years away just to say how incompetent Cox is. Six weeks after moving to a new apartment I'm still calling them every few days to sort out billing issues. They are so bad it must be some kind of official policy. Seriously. The day Google Fiber comes to Phoenix, I won't hesitate to switch.
1	PLEASE READ THESE REVIEWS- These are real people like you that got duped into Cox's bullshit. Out of the blue I get a text, of all things from Cox telling me to call to avoid service interruption. I can't call during the day while I'm at work and of course I get home and my internet is turned off. I go check my billpay and everything is good. Bill paid on time as always. I call Cox customer NO-SERVICE and, of course they keep banker's hours for residential service. So the next morning I call to find out they raised my rate. My billpay has been paying $20+ dollars per month under my "new" rate for two months. So instead of contacting me to let me know - they cancelled me.I never missed a payment and never late. They raised my rate and then cut my service after two months of underpayment without notification!Oh wait, their automated phone bullshit has been calling me, which I don't answer and it leaves no message.I ask them to reinstate me at my "normal" rate and they say maybe someone else can to do that after I make a catch up payment. Maybe?I tell them reinstate me or I won't keep using Cox. They say, "OKAY"-as in okay don't use us.Nice customer NO-SERVICEGoodBye Cox-I would like to add that since this review I called Century Link and they offered me 40 mb for $30 for 1 year no contract.Cox was 25mb for $70 after my price increase-I'm not the biggest fan of century link either, but I took it!Again - GOODBYE COX!
1	Is it possible to give this company ZERO stars?  Rip off!!!!  Terrible customer service
2	I used to have a great experience with Cox Communications, and was excited to have them as a Cable provider again when I signed up for the service earlier this February after moving apartments. Every Cox encounter since then has been a complete NIGHTMARE. 1. I had a coupon and was told the installation of internet and cable would be "absolutely free". This was acknowledged by an account representative I spoke with and the service specialist who did the installation. I was charged an extra $60 on my first bill for the installation and had to go through two representatives and one billing supervisor to have the extra charges refunded, (a great way to spend an hour).2. My Cox representative I signed up with told me that EZ pay (Auto-Pay wouldn't kick in till after the next billing statement) and that I needed to make the first payment manually. I did and then EZ Pay did work before it was supposed to so i was double-charged for the month. When I phoned Cox they said they'd just credit that towards my next month bill, I explained I couldn't budget the double charge and they needed to refund me for it. When they said it would take 2 business weeks to have the charge refunded via a check I called my bank to dispute the second charge instead.3. AutoPay EZ Billing failed on Cox's end and instead of re-billing or calling me about the issue, they waited till this month to charge for two months and added a late fee and re-billing charge. I've been on the phone with their Billing Department for just under an hour and they've agreed to generously (sarcasm) waive the late fee they charged me for their Billing System not working but will not do anything more to keep me as a customer - NOTHING.I have disabled auto-pay to prevent any other surprises and will be cancelling my services ASAP. This is the WORST customer service experience overall that I've had from any Internet Services or Cable Provider. I am thinking of reporting some of these false claims about AutoPay to the Better Business Bureau. Hopefully Century Link will offer a better customer experience!Note: I spoke with Amber out of the Billing Center today and three supervisors, (Jay or) Jason, Stafia and some guy from Minnesota. Amber was the only employee who was compassionate or genuinely apologetic. Bravo to her at least.Update: I received a phone call after writing to the VP of Customer Retention who was able to offer more positive solutions. He said the Easy Pay issue was something he would review with Customer Support. Adding an extra star to the review because of his effort.
1	HORRIBLE......HORRIBLE.......HORRIBLE.........HORRIBLE SERVICE I am a new customer for COX. when i signed up for new account, they said they gonna provide me 45.99/mo but when my first bill came i was SHOCKED to see the bill. The bill was $200. They have charged me $65.99/mo and added extra $60 for Modem Installation (which a guy came and simply plugged in and went) and they charged me another $60 for Router installation. This is the horrible part. I bought the router myself from fry's electronics and installed myself. Yes, that's true! So when i called them to tell this entire thing what happened they keep on transferring to different people keeping me waited for like 40 minutes on call and the worst part is i have to keep on repeating the same thing again and again. Finally, a guy helped and he adjusted my bill for the first month. And for the second month, they again charged me 65.99 (supposed to be 45.99). I have to call them again and tell the whole damn story and get the bill adjusted. This continued for the 3rd month as well. Every month they mess with my bill and they say that they have given me a promotion for 12 months for 45.99. I am very much DISAPPOINTED with them. And the service is also not very good. Every day, i lost my internet connection at around 1pm. My wife had trouble connecting wi-fi in her smart phone. They totally disappointed me and i hate COX. I am switching from cox from next month. Please think while taking this horrible service.
1	if there was a billionth of a star rating I would give that.  Each person in customer service is completely isolated from all other departments and authorized to make no decisions. If they can't solve your problem you get magically disconnected.  By the time you reach anyone in authority you are a raving maniac because you have been on the phone for hours.  I will never sign another contract with these losers and I will be vocal about every slight from here on out.  Shame on you COX, with a minimum of effort you could be awesome, but you didn't.
1	Horrible place to work! If you work in technical support they are mo worried about selling customers more service than fixing the issue. This is FACT! I was fired because I didnot meet sales quota and I was hired for technical support.
1	this is abt the 6 show whole home dvr's... i moved to AZ in june 2011 to be w/ my now husband, cox is the only cable, etc provider i've had in AZ. it seemed easy enuf. we started out w/ a 2 show dvr, advanced to two 2 show dvrs, then the 6 show dvr came out and we jumped on that, as i'm a major tv addict so it only made sense. well, the issue w/ the 6 show one anyway is that once it hits around 10% full (yes, i typed *10*%! keep in mind it has an insane amount of supposed space allowed, a terrabyte? idk the name, my husband knows lol..) it starts glitching like a mf-er! the 1st dvr glitched to death w/ it's rec's whether it skipped a bunch or froze or just plain didn't even load! we quickly called cox and a tech came out immediately. he spent hrs trying to find a way to save my dvr's contents (again 10%, i had over 40 1/2 hr epi's of 1 show, multiple movies, etc all in SD to make the most of the space we were supposed to have), but it was a fail as when he was having cox reset the box, cox servers went down (something like that) and ultimately it killed the dvr.. it was so bad that his supervisor came out to our house to try and help (i've never seen a supervisor come out to help a tech EVER in my life... he didn't do anything helpful tho, just talked to the tech about the status... anyway, they claimed there was nothing they could do). so he had us trade in the dead dvr for a new one, but cuz the servers were still down, he couldn't tell us when we *might* get our cable service back on again! so they both left us, thankfully at least, cox started working again a couple hrs later.. btw, i asked the tech straight up 'if we get back to around 10% full or w/e, is it possible this glitching will happen again?' and he said 'w/ 2 separate boxes, it's extremely unlikely the same problem will happen....' [FF a couple months] back at around 10% full due to us going to vegas for a week, it didn't take long for the dvr to start glitching AGAIN. this time tho, it was picking and choosing WHAT it rec'd! and how much! so there were many daily rec's that were in 'missed recordings', had 0 mins rec'd so it didn't even load/play, or it only had X mins rec so it didn't  even bother to do the whole program (for instance, i rec the season finale of 'dancing with the stars' on tues nite (8-10) and '19 kids and counting' (9-9:30) but while it rec all of DWTS, it only rec 8 mins of 19 kids! (wtf kinda sense does that make?) sooo this leaves me thinking a few possibilities: 1. i'm backwardsly cursed w/ 6 show dvrs that i treat so well and put to use many hrs on a daily basis.. 2. there's no existing dvr out there that can handle allllll my shows! i just watch too many shows! 3. cox is handing out faulty 6  show dvr's to its customers! so we finally had enuf and ordered directv (as there's a great 2 yr deal and there was already an existing dish on the roof from former owners). the guy came earlier today and we've been adjusting to all the quirks of directv itself, the dvr, and the ability to watch tv on other devices... it's RIDICULOUSLY diff from cox!! how well it'll work out for us is too soon to say, but seriously, anything is better and cheaper than cox! seriously, consider how ridiculous ur cox bill is w/ the cable package(s) u have, the 6 show dvr fees, internet, land line phone, etc.... w/ the horrible service, cox is NOT worth it! soooo if u have a whole home 6 show dvr from cox, i warn ya, try not to let it get a certain amount of 'full', it'll be ur dvr/tv nightmare like it was for me 2x!! if u can change to another company, DO IT!
1	If i could give 0 stars i would.  Absolutely the worst internet/cable provider ever.  Additional charges, 10-45 minute waits to speak with a customer service representative, often getting hung up on.  Lying sales people who don't tell you their special offer was only for a limited time then receiving bills for 4x what you were quoted.  And each time you can never get a hold of customer service representative, but if you hit the button for new or upgraded service you are immediately connected to someone, who apologizes that they can't help with your problems and puts you on hold only to be hung up on.
1	Wow.  My cable just went from $220 a month to over $300 a month.  I made the call which took over 20 minutes for COX  to tell me that my special pricing had just ended.  Their new offer was $256 per month for 1 HD DVR, 2 standard HD boxes, internet and HBO.  I am so happy to learn that they no longer have a monopoly in North Scottsdale and I have alternatives such as CenturyLink which is offer FiOS......For a lot less than Cox for their substandard Contour service that locks up all the time.
3	for the year we've lived here, we've had such good service from Cox...until today I would have given them 4+ stars.  Today we had an installer come to put a cable into our bedroom...where there was an existing cable that I presume just had to be fired up.  It took him almost 2 hours.  Now granted he was training someone who was dumber than a human is allowed but still.  And did I mention he was a jerk.  Yes, truthfully, he wasn't worth 1 star.  Not that any cable company is great in my opinion but if I had an option after today, I'd take it.
4	I've had nothing but a great experience with cox. Brandon was such an awesome customer service representative. He went above and beyond my expectations. I read all the yelp review prior to calling so I was nervous. I hung up feeling not only accomplishing what I had called for (which was only to disconnect due to move) but he also informed me that if I was able to use them again I would have no reconnect fee as before. My last bill was also waived!! I will definitely use them again once I get established into my new place.
1	This is literally the worst customer service I've ever experienced. Shame it won't allow me to give them zero stars. My cable doesn't work half the time. With my cable internet, I need help with the wireless because the password printed on the box won't allow my other services to connect. They promised me they'd help me if I needed it. My neighbors signal strength is twice as strong as mine and mine is the box sitting right in the same room. And to ice the cake, I've been calling for three days and still have been unable to get a human being on the line. Disgusting. Absolutely insulting. As soon as I get in touch with someone, I'm canceling this service. They can come get this cable box and modem/router out of my house. I cannot believe for what they charge us they cannot pay a human customer representative or at least have a service where a person calls you back in the order your call was received. I don't need Cox anymore at all, with Hulu, Netflix, amazon Prime, etc, so they can kiss off!
1	I understand mistakes happen. But 4 calls to finally cancel my service as I was moving out of state is not okay; then still getting a bill a month later... I had 3 customer service reps that did not understand the concept of prorating a bill. I am so glad I don't have to deal with this company any more.Also side note - I had the 25mbps internet plan (not locked in a contract). Price was raised 3 times from $39/mo to $55/mo to $63/mo in 2 years. Service degraded and then finally my last month I was told I exceeded a data cap for my service (200gb I think). I streamed all my content but still...where was that in the fine print 2 years ago? Also I had a service outage probably once every 3 months, and no they do not "prorate" a day of service like other companies I have had in the past. Don't even try and call them about it. It is a waste of your time. If you have any other option besides this company, like centurylink or dish, do it (even if it is a few bucks more a month). It is time to show cable carriers they are not a monopoly and you have to treat your customer right.
1	Are you kidding me?  Was a pain to deal with when I moved to the Valley 15 years ago and not any better today.   You keep hoping they'll get their act together but apparently no such luck.  At this very moment I sit in my house with my Cox phone OUT......my Cox Internet OUT......and my Cox Contour TV OUT........of course the Cox Contour TV has never worked right since they put it in months ago.   The technology does not work properly which any Google search will confirm.   After our latest call yesterday which took 4 attempts because we kept getting "accidentally disconnected" we had an appointment for someone to come today between 10 and 12.  it is now 1:28 and nobody has shown up or even called for that matter.   Once I cancel all of my home services, my Cox business is next.   I am so fed up with this dysfunctional and unprofessional company.....UPDATE. ..2:00.......Still NO Cox, Still NO call.........
1	Was packing up my house in south Phoenix I was selling when I was approached by a salesman named Eric.Eric seemed nice, professional and honest about getting me to sign up for a bundle package when I moved into my house.Eric sold me on a bundle package that he said would be 109.99 plus tax- a monthly bill that would be no higher than 116.00."Price lock guarantee"Eric also gave me a $200 visa gift card, free hbo and starz for the life of the 2 year contract... All I needed to do was sign up that day.I gave him all my information- and told him I would give him a call when it became closer to me moving into my house.A couple days later I received a phone call from a install rep saying he was at my door to install the cox services... I told him I wasn't even moved into the house yet and I would call when I was moved in to set up service.I received a call about 2 times a week with install reps at my house that I haven't even moved into yet. (Frustrating)Eric called me after two weeks of me signing up and said he had a NEW better promotion he was going to apply to my account. Only this promotion was 10 bucks cheaper! 99.99 he said... I was excited to get such a good deal.Moved into my place- got the install- FINALLY.. Only 2 days after I received my first bill..145.58145.58 is not 99.99 or anything close to that.Called customer service and the rep was less than helpful and insulted me when I told him I had a signed piece of paper saying 109.99 plus tax right in front of me- and that Eric had told me 99.99 two weeks later and added me to a different promotion.He stated that the 99.99 promotion was not active anymore and hasn't been for a while. He began breaking down my account balance and stating service charges, fees and extras.... He also told me I couldn't cancel my account because it had been past the 30 day grace period of canceling the account when I had only had services for less than a week.I called Eric to see what he had to say about this whole situation and he kind of danced around the whole bill and stated he would get it all resolved shortly and get back to me....Been two weeks Eric... Nothing!?!I would like this issue resolved- I know cox has better customer service than this.If I knew the service was going to be almost 150.00 a month I would've bundled with dish network or even centurylink. That's why I signed up for 99.99.
1	Cox internet and cable service is the worst - we pay a premium price and we are told different things when they send techs out from on phone but bottom line they take no responsibility.  They hoodwinked us with outright lies when they got us into a new contract to get the contour service - told us we would have all the same channels and save money plus be able to take contour and watch recorded shows on wifi anywhere - specifically daughters 3 hour karate practice - ha not true!  Only on home wifi network can you do that. Yippee now I can watch tv on my tablet at home - huh - why when I have larger flat screen tv's to do that on.  Don't believe anything cox tells you - lies all of it and then when they get their contract they don't care and actually portray that attitude when trying to resolve issues.  The absolute worst service EVER!!!!! Oh and did I mention intermittent internet and super slow speeds - we pay for the package just below their top tier - should be fast and reliable - needless to say nope and even though tech who comes to our house says it's their horrible outdated modem - they now say (on phone) it's our out of warrant router that of course we bought from them!  Not only horrible internet but horrible cable too - DVR recorded shows are frequently not recorded because of server or other cox issues - oops - too bad they say - sorry for the inconvenience!
1	Let me preface my review by saying I still use Cox for my internet, but it is because there is no other choice. In fact, Cox should probably market themselves as "Because there is no other option." Century Link is terrible and Verizon Fios isn't available in the valley yet.For the most part, I have been content with the services of Cox as an ISP. Recently, however, I have been getting notices saying I have exceeded my 300Gb data cap and that continuing to do so would lead to Cox ceasing service. What is terrible about this is that during the ordering process, they never once tell you about the data cap (I have checked even recently and they don't say a word about it). You cannot pay an extra couple of bucks a month for extra data either, you have to upgrade service. If you want to upgrade from where I am at now (I have one of the highest advertised tiers) you have to pay $60 for the installation of a dedicated line for faster speed and 400Gb per month.Customer service has been anything but service and they should rename their department Customer Meh. I used both online chat as well as over the phone to try and compromise. I tried to get the $60 waived to move to the next tier - no. I tried to get a discount on the monthly service charge to offset the $60 fee - no. I asked to pay extra per month to raise my data cap - no.So, here I am, a long standing customer (8+ years) willing to spend a little extra money to keep with the non-advertised, arbitrary, garbage data issue and their only response is "use less data" and "no, we cannot discount any of those services". So, unles I stick to their garbage data cap, they don't want me as a customer and would prefer to lose my money.It is one giant bait and switch scheme, especially for those of us who don't use television. Oh, by the way Cox, I haven't used your TV service in years 'cause the customer service was awful, so you aren't missing out on any revenue from me not using TV service.Ultimately, use Cox because there is no other choice until there is another choice. Then send them a message by switching the second Verizon opens service in the valley.
1	If I could go no stars, I would. I was a loyal DirectTV customer for 5 years and unfortunately when I moved I was unable to keep them and I had to get Cox. Let me first start off by stating when I tried to get my TV installed, I clarified I had ONE TV soon to be two, and would like both receivers installed, they said no problem. A tech came down, and he refused to install since I only had ONE tv. It took them another 2-3 weeks to install my TV bc they were booked on the weekends and I couldnt take off work to get it installed during the week. Now, I get my first bill and it's 407!! Deposits, credit checks, partial month, installation fees, surcharges..I was told there would be no charge for installation since I had cox cable at my old place, and no credit check since I had already had one. I called today to ask why I am getting charged, and she says I see no notes, there is nothing I can do. I am not satisfied whatsoever.
2	I bought the 50M speed, sometimes I reach that speed and sometimes i barely reach half of it. also when i bought the service they said they will guarantee the price for 2 years, but they never said its 2 year contract and there is a termination fee if you decide to cancel, but they mention it in their first bill. they make me pay a 120$ termination fee. Make sure to read your first bill, or you will get scammed like they did to me.
2	We had been their costumer over 6 years now and we're finally moving on, their poor costumers service had exceed anything I ever come across. The last two month we paid the bill with cash in the store but they seem to have lost the records of any bill being paid and they are charging us fees over fees. I personally try to go in and show them the payment that was made but they give me a hard time. with 30 minutes of arguing and explaining they finally removed one fee, I got to say I am disappointed how much they have changed in costumers service. I really hope they will turn around and give more happy costumers their time and services that they want and deserve.
1	We moved from our house to an apartment that has a contract with Cox Comm. so we have use their services. We've had Cox for 3 weeks and have not had a single day in which we've been able to stay connected to the internet even when we are plugged into the Ethernet. We will begin searching, paying bills or just doing fun things and will be booted off many times. We either sign back on and on again, or we simply are unable to connect to the internet even though our computers and modem show we have service. This has been the worst experience we've ever had with the internet. I will never again use Cox communications nor will I ever recommend them to anybody. We have had a tech. come out twice, three times if you count setting up our services. I've written an email and called only to hear that I'm connected but they'll send someone out. Each time the person said they'd fixed the wrong thing the person before them did. None of them were correct! DO NOT USE COX COMMUNICATIONS INTERNET!!!!
1	I have been with Cox (just internet) for a total of 2 years. I must say that the Internet is the slowest, go out at anytime that I have ever come across. I tried calling them and they have the nerve to email me talking about my overage. Well how can that be with no service? I refuse to have cable with them. If I can't stay with direct tv, I will not have cable at all. If you are servicing a large area be prepared,  step up your game. If it gets worse, I will just use my phone as a hot spot. Shame!
1	This company is rude and does not give a dam about customers or even service.  What ever you do reserve an hr. to be on hold to cancel service.  That option must trigger a  put them on hold button and send the call to the rudest jerk on the planet.   They must get raises or job security for not rendering service.   I will never subscribe to anything by the cox network.  In my area there are no options except Cox or dish and I will never pay a cent to them.  Cox is what is wrong with corporate america!
1	Pretty much forced to be a customer for over a decade due to lack of alternatives. Finally there are enough decent alternatives to leave this terrible company. Inconsistent connections, inconsistent speeds and god awful customer support. I'm a computer engineer and have a good understanding of what goes technically. Their failures are in execution. This company will eventually be extinct because they make being their customer such a stressful experience. Good riddance Cox.
2	I hate Cox! I believe most people will understand what I'm saying. Hate them! When I lived in Ahwatukee i only subscribed to internet.  I only watched regular TV and subscribed to Hulu and Netflix. Now I live in Mesa and can't get the channels like I used to so now I had to go back to stupid cox TV. They win my award as being one of the worst companies I ever dealt with!
1	It's too bad they don't have Negative Stars. Cox is not even a small star.I have grown weary of Cox. Their customer service is among the lowest bottom feeders.They quietly increase charges and then act as if it's just always been that way. Aren't there any good internet service providers in Phoenix. I hate Cox.I think a pile of Doggie DoDo would be the best 'Storefront Photo'
1	My 10th call to Cox communications in 14 months for them to tell me that I am right about there being an issue with my internet speeds again. Every time they come out I get 50-60 mbps for about 3 weeks which is what I pay for,  then it's back down to 5-10 mbps. Today I only had to wait on hold for 52 min before I had to hang up because of another emergency call, then call back and wait for 41 min to have a the rep hang up on me mid sentence on accident, then call back and wait for 39 min to have the rep tell me she is sorry about the loud crackling noise on the phone everytime one of us talks...her headset has been broken for 3 weeks and Cox won't give her a new one. That's 2.2 hours to schedule a technician to come out. I've been a customer for over 4 years but thinking about sacrificing for 40 mbps with CenturyLink just to avoid this headache of a company and product.
1	Cox has the worst customer service ever! I have been a customer for over 20 years and I just got a bill for a $100 more than last month's bill. Apparently some of my discounts have expired but they offered me a $5/month discount for being a loyal customer...lol!! I am going to start looking into new service providers. I have never met anyone who actually likes Cox as a provider. I would rather give birth to twins while have three root canal's than have to deal with their customer service department. How is it possible after all these years they do not find a specialist to try and teach their staff to provide good customer service. Absolutely the worst company!
1	I too get the monthly notifications that I have "exceeded my data" and I should upgrade.  I've done research... just IGNORE the email.  Not only are they just a gimmick to get you to fear them and hope you upgrade, NO ONE HAS A CAP ON THEIR SERVICE.  No one has ever been dropped as a customer just because they use their internet.  Like I said, I get these emails monthly.... If I look at the emails from a year ago, my data cap was higher.  It cracks me up that Cox implies an imaginary data cap that seems to decrease over the years, not increase.  Yet I've been paying the same price since I signed up.Another funny thing, the number of gigs they say I use, is not accurate at all.  I installed a program that tracks how much data is sent around in the house and it doesn't come close to what they say we use.  One month we had a flood in our house and we were in a hotel for 3 weeks.  No one entered the house in those three weeks, let alone use the internet.  We still got an email notification stated we've gone over on our data... They claimed I used 350GB, according to the program I use to track my data, 5GB were transferred that month. What a scam!The days cannot go fast enough to have google fiber come here.  That will put my headache to rest.
1	i WIll never sign up with cox again. waiste of time, 6 years loyal custromer and they decisde to charge fees for EVERYTHING. and then when you cancel services they call to beg for you back...what a joke, i have directv and i will be setting my internet up with century link which is less speek but also wayy cheaper than cox...dont waite your time... and the cox emailt that they have you use expecting to get more help does not work. "PAY YOUR BILL OR CANCEL"
1	I realize that they don't care about customer service, but spending over 30 minutes on hold every time is a bit of a smack in the face.
1	The good: Their internet is fast, reasonably priced (as a residential customer), and stable.The bad: The rest.... Appalling customer service, grossly over-inflated pricing for business customers (was paying $75/month for 50Mbs with a dynamic IP - barf - and they wanted $249/month for a "business" connection, the only difference being a static IP).TV is a joke - flaky equipment, numerous "technical difficulties" when viewing non-recorded or recorded programs, program recording starting late or finishing early (or both) more often than not. Misleading advertising - sir, you get over 350 channels. BS! I get about 170, but they come in regular and HD - what a crock and a lie!Phone service (ooops, I said service sorry!). Overpriced.They love to bundle, but when you find you're being ripped off by them, you pay through the nose to get out and, if you keep any of the services, the price skyrockets. They are pretty much the only provider here in Phoenix and they should be investigated by the Fed Trade Commission for unscrupulous business practices.Unless you're unbelievably desperate go without or go to someone else. Cox sucks!
1	After multiple second chances the poor service spoke uo and we stopped dealing with cox for tv. We are stuck in a contract for home security,  don't sign up with them if you want 17 people coming out to try and fix tuings in 6 months. Or unless you feel like re working the entire home security system yourself. Watch your bills as well. They say credit and sneak in other stuff. You dont even deserve 1 star
1	I have had internet issues since day 1.  After about 8 technicians came to my home, it was working for about 6 months.  Then about 6 months ago it stopped working again (I'm paying for 35mbps download and 15mbps upload)I'm getting between 5mbps and 15mbps download depending on what mood my internet is in.Then .5mbps upload to 10mbps upload.In the past 6 months, just like before I have not gotten what I've paid for.  They've sent numorous technicians to my home, all of which have told me "sorry I can't figure out what the problem is"All of which are subcontractors.  They finally send me a Cox employee, so I sit there crossing my fingers that he knows what he's doing.  Go figure, he doesn't figure out why I'm not getting the speed I pay for.  I'm stuck in a contract but I'll be getting rid of Cox asap.
1	I hate writing poor reviews, I really do, and I take the time to resolve the issues FULLY before I take the time to write a negative review. I think 12 months is long enough of a wait...so here I am.I purchased a 50/10 internet. Since I had this installed, there has never been a time when I have been above 15/5. That's pretty shoddy advertisement and then delivery on service. Bottom line - Customer Support has been rude. Techs have missed multiple appointments and my service still sucks. Stay away from COX.
5	The ONLY reason for this 5 star review is because of an employee of cox,  Alisa ID# xrxalcan. If there were only more like her I would be much happier with choosing Cox For our cable/internet service. Had I not finally gotten her as a represenitive on the 5th day of difficulties this rating would be 1 star and very negative feedback! We moved into our new home last month and had cox here to set up and transfer our service. An hour after he left our cable went out. For 5days, hours of hold time, numerous explanations and excuses etc. etc we went without cable. Nobody could solve the problem even disconnected us after holding for several minutes. There was a complicated issue with the service but Alisa genuinely cared and was determined to solve the issue for us. Even offered to come in on her day off if the problem didn't get resolved by the next day. It was her dedication to her job and customer service that had our cable up and running within a couple hours. Thank you so much Alisa! And if Cox is reading this they need to hire more just like you. Alisa needs to be in management and do the hiring for cox! Excellent Job.
1	Cox Communications is horrible. Unfortunately there is no choice in my area. I recently moved and after having DirecTV for over 20 years I am stuck with Cox. I understand Verizon is coming here soon. I can't wait to dump Cox. They missed 2 appointments to install and on the third they were supposed to be here at 0815 showed up after 1100. Then the installer did not show me how to use the new equipment or leave a list of channels. I tried to get a list on the Cox web page but that is a terrible site. I could not even open up any of the pages. Avoid Cox if you can.
1	If I could give them negative stars I would.  Single worst customer service experience of my life... and I used to have Time Warner Cable! So that's saying something.It begins... three weeks ago.  My internet went out at 12pm on Saturday 7/19 - it came on again at 12am... So Sunday I called Cox.  The first appt they had was Tuesday.  My internet continued to turn off in these exact 12 hour intervals.  A tech shows up Tuesday, pokes around, changes out cables but seems very confused.  She tells me she is going to have to call in the big guns and have them check the lines later that day, and that I would be called with an update but that I will not have to be home.  The internet doesn't work at all anymore.  Cox shows up later that day and allegedly does something, they don't call and give me any info and I come home to find that my internet still doesn't work.  I call the next morning, the CS rep is a jerk, and is very lackadaisical about helping me - finally I get him to read the notes on my account... so he puts in another service request.  The guy comes out the next day, and lo and behold actually has any idea whats going on... is very forthcoming with info as to what is happening, and tells me that the cable under my back yard needs to be flushed out and replaced or they'll have to dig it up.  This is on Friday 7/25.  He puts in a temporary line so I at least have internet, and tells me a tech will coming Monday morning.  CUT TO: Saturday (the next day)... 8 AM!! Apparently someone named Joe comes to my house, doesn't call me, doesn't ring the doorbell, nothing... and then leaves a "whoops must've missed you" note on my door... which is bullshit - because me and my roommate were both there... as well as dogs who bark when people come to the door.  Also it's 8AM ON A SATURDAY, with no appointment, SO WTF?  Until this point, the techs have been very good about calling my cell phone - so I could actually like - go to work and stuff in between this rigamarole.I call the number Joe left on his note, and leave a message with my cell number telling him to please call so I know what's going on... nothing.Monday - the day they're actually supposed to show up - no one shows up.I call Joe again, no answer.Now - today is Thurs 7/31... I woke up late, and was getting ready for work when I hear my dogs start going nuts.  It takes me a few minutes, but I go to the door and see a Cox truck parked out front... and the guy (presumably this Joe character) - looks like he is getting ready to leave.  Again - DOESN'T CALL, DOESN'T KNOCK... NOTHING.  I wasn't even AWARE of an appointment today, and if I hadn't by pure chance been late for work today - I would have missed him again!!!  So he asks me to open the gate out back and tells me he's going to flush out the conduit.He goes out back and does some stuff for a couple of hours, I call my boss and tell him whats going on - because I am now being held hostage by the cable folks AGAIN, with no warning so I can plan for it.Then I look up and he's GONE.  He just left with no information or anything, and he knew I was there waiting to go to work!!!So I call Cox again - the girl on the phone must be new and has no idea about anything - she puts me on hold and after five minutes transfers me back to the opening prompts.  I then get a guy who gives zero shits about anything and the volume on his mic is WAY low, so I can barely make out anything he says - and he looks into my case and says - oh yes, the tech made an appointment for later today for a "fix and frame" - whatever that means.  But has no time associated with the appointment.  So here I am, missing yet ANOTHER day of work - waiting on this supposed appointment that may or may not happen.  I gave the guy my cell number (again) and told him to put a note in for the tech to please call me... but I am 100% sure they wont.  I have zero faith that anything will be fixed today, and I wont get any updates.  They will come back on some random day without warning and just expect me to magically be at home... because I don't have MULTIPLE jobs to be at.I really feel at this point that (a) this month of service should be completely free, and (b) I should be compensated for the hours and days of work I have missed - because that will greatly impact me financially.All in all - Cox is a fucking nightmare.  Unfortunately I am paying my roommate who is out of the country, for the service. So I really can't just cancel it and move on.  I can only hope that they eventually fix the lines, and things go back to normal - and I can have my mildly adequate service back... and get this temporary line out of mine and my neighbor's yard.
1	I also hate to give negative reviews but this is the one company that truly needs to get their shit together.  This review is a culmination of my 10+ year experience with Cox.  Terrible customer service, hold times are outrageous, issues are rarely fixed in a timely manner.In a previous house I owned, over the course of 2 years they had to come out to fix the internet 25 times!  (Yes I kept track).  Of course every time it was the same story "We found the issue THIS time, you're definitely good to go now".  Wrong.If they didn't have a monopoly on cable internet service, Cox would go out of business the day after a competitor opened their doors.  Century Link unfortunately doesn't have anywhere near the geographical reach Cox does.
1	Why can't I give 0 stars for this? Because that's what it deserves. I guess the 1 star can be for the installer who came out. Let me tell you...pissed doesn't even begin to cover how I feel. I know this is a big company with a semi-monopoly in the Phoenix area but they are literally the worst company I've dealt with. The sales rep was fine...until the installer came out and I found out she completely misrepresented the company and the services i would be receiving. She basically low balled me to get some kind of sales commission. Why should I pay $20 monthly for something I could get with free bunny ears from goodwill? When calling to get this fixed I was put on hold for 25 minutes then hung up on. Called again, on hold for 20 this time before hung up on. Then another 10 minutes and you betcha...hung up on. Finally called and got someone after waiting 13 minutes. She told me she could do nothing to keep me in the services I had (nice customer retention there) and told me I would be paying nearly $20 more than the service I just canceled to get the "screaming deal" the first sales rep sold me on. Take ownership for your reps mistakes here cox and get your act together. Not that it will do anything but after wasting 4 hours on this crap plus the nearly 2 hours it took for the installer to install my local channels, I'm spent and I'm pissed and I'm logging a complaint with the corporation commission. And teach your reps how to retain your clients better. While we DO have limited choices in the valley, be aware that we do have choices. Push enough people away and one day you'll be scrambling.
5	Awesome experience, made amazing by my installer, Joe. He spent a good part of the morning, going over every component of my new system. I guess there were some Cox system issues today, but Joe worked through them with a great deal of patience. After he left, it was clear that one of my revievers wasn't functioning properly. Joe came back out a few hours later, happy to replace it. He even noticed one issue that was causing a mediocre picture, and he spent the time to make it perfect. I left directv because of their poor customer service. With amazing service from people like Joe, I think I'll stick with Cox for quite a while.
3	It's time to give poor Cox some more lovez!  They're now offering a speed increase to 50mbps on the Preferred service, at no extra charge.  That's FAST for U.S. Internet service.  Yes, the server has to be able to send to you that fast, you need to have a Docsis 3 modem plus call Tech Support & request the higher speed, but this is very good.  Also, the last couple of times I've called in it's been easy to get a real person without much trouble or waiting.I think they're a little expensive but otherwise I'd give them 4 Stars.  We can do a lot worse for Internet service.  (Ask me about my 1-Star DSL hell experience a while back, locked into a contract with Verizon!)
1	No stars, but its forcing me to at least do one star to do this review, worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I have to amend my previous review because they did reach out to me to offer me a resolution. I ended up with great services at about the same price I was paying. I am a bit upset because I thought I was receiving dvr service and am paying for a dvr box but don't actually have the ability to record. I was impressed that someone actually contacted me to make it right. Now let's work on getting cox speeds on par with century link and I would be completely happy.
1	Signed up with Cox for internet. Right from the start the experience has been horrific. Went to a service center to pick up our modem/router combo. I had hoped picking up the equipment would result in getting everything up and running fasted opposed to receiving it via mail. Waited 30-45 minutes just to pick up the equipment, a transaction that took less then five minutes. On average it took 9-12 minutes to help a customer. There were four people ahead of me and another 10-15 in line after me. Getting the modem set up was the easy part. I had called in the morning to confirm the internet service would be activated that day, they said it would be. The tech comes out between 8-7. 630 placed a call asking if internet would activated that evening. Again, they confirmed, but fed us some fluff saying they could come out as late as eight and occasionally the internet just doesn't activate for several hours. It's the following day, still no internet. Placed a call and we were told that the work order had been canceled, as the tech cannot find the box to activate the internet. We inquired if the tech could call us for assistance and the response was, the techs don't do that. In the end they cannot get someone out until the end of next week. We have already canceled our service with this company and the internet has not been turned on yet. Customer service was always friendly but less than helpful. A lot of talk very little action. Would rate 0 stars if possible.
1	Unbelievable stupidity and incompetence.  We moved to a new apartment, and scheduled to have the service moved.  A month later it still wasn't working.  We canceled our service.  They told us they needed their cable box back, and dropped off a shipping box to return it, which we did.  Now, months later, I discover that they say they never received it, so there is a $175 balance on my account, which I NEVER received a bill for...and they sent it to COLLECTIONS, which also never billed me, and which reported it to Experion, which destroyed my credit rating.  This was only discovered when I went to buy a house...which I now can't buy because these complete morons ruined my credit.  Over an erroneous $175 fee that I don't owe.  DON'T USE THEM.
5	Just because these guys have the best Internet and have the pac12 channel. You can get deals if you can call a cox specialist.
1	do you self a favor and avoid Cox communications, there service is sub-par and over priced.  They will pound you with price increases  and you will have to renegotiate your service every year, The equipment they provide you is junk  the  interface for the digital TV service is raw and basic.  Internet is another huge lie, they say there service is fast but that is when know one else is on-line, it is not guarantee bandwidth and is very inconsistent.  Customer service, non-existent, long wait times and under trained employees.  OVER PRICED AND UNDERWHELMING VALUE, this will be your experience with Cox Communications
1	If you can help it, don't use them. Service is horrible, the product is the same. And they are expensive.
1	Been to the E. Bell store many times since couldn't get anyone on the phone.These are some of the most arrogant, cheats I've ever attempted to do business with.The N. Scottsdale store is just as bad & neither location would let me speak with a mgr.Was without cable for 4 days during the World Cup due to their mistake, which they admitted.   This company is very poor at 'communications'.  At least change the name to properly refer to their attitude + lack of service. Could go on with more details, but wasted too much time on these losers already.Also, for you Yelpers, how about allowing us to give NO stars.
2	Cox has joined too many other businesses which deal with customer problems by "changing the subject " and sending the customer to some other department. After dealing with a brain dead computer for five or so minutes it got tired of my answers to its irrelevant questions and useless suggestions and said since I was calling from a digital phone I would have to hang up and call from another phone and cut me off. Nice try, Cox, but not only do I not  have a digital phone, I don't even know what one is. I was calling from a CenturyLink land line, but the computer did get me out of Cox's hair for a while until I located someone with a cell phone and called back.
1	I am disappointed with Cox Service and their billing practice. It appears that they are attempting to deceive customers with a new promotion. I was very happy with finally being able to receive promotional pricing for services that I use. Usually existing customers are excluded from the best promotions. I was so happy that a door to door rep was able to give me the promotion I had received in the mail a few days prior, had called on and been denied over the phone. The service hook-up for upgrades a few days later went well, and I was so pleased that my bill would be going down quite a bit and that all changes were of no cost to me. Well, today I learn that Cox has charged me a previously undisclosed early termination fee that they have to now investigate before they can credit my account. WHAT!!! $190 charge on my bill and I didn't terminate anything!!! All I did was re-up for a couple more years!!! Just when I thought Cox was finally showing some appreciation for a long term customer. Not!! I am also concerned that this "error" may hit a bunch of people who signed up for the door to door deal. Many people may be charged this $190 fee and not realize it. I won't hear anything for a week on this. I am so disappointed in Cox and what appears to be a scam!!
1	they had my checking account number on file set up for easy pay but they kept ignoring it and hit me with late fees month after month and didn't allow to dispute passed 2 months. VERY FRUSTRATINGI wish there was another service provider in the area.
1	Cox is included in my rent so I am not really free to go elsewhere (or I would, I liked Dish network better). I got the bundle TV/Internet/Phone at a good price, the only think they don't tell you is you get the phone in the bundle, but you are charged when you use it, so i was stunned when i received my first bill as I was charged for $58 of phone calls. I called Cox and they did not want to do anything about it so I placed the issue in the hands of the BBB. Otherwise the TV guide is not very efficient, you can not check out only your favorite channels, and the guide screen is full of everything but the guide so you have to turn tens of pages to get where you want to go. they should cut the self-promotion to let customers use the service.
2	Since moving to AZ in '10 I have had a pretty crappy experience with Cox as opposed to other providers. The issue has mostly been with the Contour DVR's. They are junk. I have had mine replace at least 4 times, and one service call the tech went through 3 new boxes trying to get one that would work. My second box in the bedroom rarely is operational and requires reboots every 2 weeks. The customer service people are helpful once you get one on the line, but that will require a minimum of a 20-30 minutes on hold. I can't speak to the quality of other providers, but for what I pay Cox is nothing to write home about at all.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! I've had internet connection problems several times!! I've called several times I'm currently on hold now for over 40min to speak to a supervisor this is bs!! My scheduled service to fix my internet was 9/16/14....no one showed or called as if today after several calls & promises from Cox I still have no one showing!!! I don't want apologys or credit I want my service fixed!!! ABSOLUTELY THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!! ANGIE
1	Have been on the phone for over 40min to try to fix my issues with my bill, to get told i am wrong... have been on hole for about 30min of the call.. still trying to talk to a supervisor. And on top of it my equipment is not working. They have the worst customer service. They don't care about there customers even if you have been with them for years.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!   I just spent 3 hours on hold waiting for someone to help me.  The Tech Support was not at all helpful.  They even hung up on me three times.  I have wireless phones throughout the house and waited so long, all 3 went dead.  When I finally reached a person, they couldn't solve my problem and yes, you guessed it, they put me on hold again until another person finally answered the phone.  That person argued with me.  I just purchased a brand new computer, all the bells & whistles, what their help desk called a advanced machine.  I had to save up to buy this item (not the cheapest laptop on the shelf).  When I talked to their help desk, they told me I needed an AJ45 plug and a router that would support that.  What I have is a Net Gear router (leased from Cox) that was invented back in the dark ages (similarly the time when my old laptop was around).  I am going to their location tomorrow and I will see if anyone at their office will help me.  If not, I may ram that darn router up their (where the sun don't shine.)  God forgive me - I hate that company.  I think it may be time for a change.  We did business with Cox for 30+ years and wouldn't you think they'd show a little appreciation?  And we pay over $200 a month for their so-called bundle.  Of course the 3 hour hold time didn't improve my disposition any!  And neither did their lousy service.
1	You ask why the horrible service its because they stop paying the techs good money. Now a technician has to do double the work just to feed his family and cant spend the time to do the work right
1	DO NOT USE COX IF YOU CAN!!!! They are absolutely ridiculous. We transferred service to our new home as of a specific date. We decided we would do it ourselves instead of paying the $60 fee to have them do it (they told me the difference was if they sent a tech out it would cost us money, if we did self installation it would be free). Needless to say, 5 days after our scheduled transfer we still did not have cable. Then they told me that I needed to go to a local store and switch out my box. I finally said no, they needed to send a technician out. A technician came out and did absolutely NOTHING and charged us $60. They said it's their "self activation fee". Why would you have a fee for your customer to be charged for them to do it THEMSELVES?? We were promised a credit to our account of $35 for not having cable for 5 days and never received it. Now we are fighting this $60 fee to our account which I'm sure they won't end up crediting us anyways. Moral of the story, go to CenturyLink for your internet and stick to DirecTV for your TV (cable/satellite) if you can. I can not wait to be done with this company for GOOD! $190/month for tv and internet is absurd.
1	Horrible horrible service.. told the guy was going to be arriving between the hours of 8 and 10am so I was awaiting his arrival he arrived at 8:05 banging as hard as he possible could 7 or 8 times on my apartment door before even giving me time to open the door. He woke up my roomate who sleeps on a mattress in the living area. He was supposed to hook up my WiFi but seemed to not have any idea what he was doing, he was moving around my furniture in a aggressive manor and cursing the whole time doing it scratching up my hardwood floors he was rude and spoke hardly any English, he told me to give him wires and cords that should of been provided upon instilation at the end said I didn't have anything to hook up the WiFi too and left. And when I call Cox to reschedule I get some body in india that have no idea what I'm talking about so I'm fed up with cox's horrible service, will definitely be looking at another internet provider
3	A positive and negative review. Some 2 star and some five. The positive is you can through and get help from mostly extremely patient and highly qualified technology people.  I will leave the negatives to other people's reviews. Do I want to remain a customer?Not if I can properly research.
1	Let's face it, this is a monopoly. Cox's monopoly allows them to deliver crappy customer service and to price gouge.  Every year I have to play a game with them to keep my "bundle discount."  The company forces me to call every year or six months to find out why my bill increased and how to get it lowered.  What Cox should be doing is rolling with the new reality of companies like Netflix and Hulu which will render Cox cable boxes obsolete.Their customer service is horrible: long wait times, burned out rude employees and either complete incompetence or indifference.  There is no doubt that their internet service is top notch and reliable-as soon as I find an alternative to the high speed internet service they provide, I am gone.My phone, cable and internet bundle runs about $165 per month.  I get angry every time I pay this bill (note, this is the "bundle" discount price.) Unfortunately, there are no comparable competitors to use as an alternative bargaining chip yet.
1	The last 4 months have shown a steady decline in this piss-poor service. Where shall I start?For two weeks in a row now, I can count on OnDemand crapping out on Friday evenings. Try to navigate through selections and the entire module shortly becomes a nice blue screen of death and then freezes - no buttons work, no exit, nada. Reboot required. Now the "2 weeks in a row" doesn't just mean it's happened twice. Just twice *in a row* on a Friday evening. OnDemand overall is chronically unstable.And how about trying to record a show? Simple right? Oh think again... We've had several instances over the last couple of months where the last 10 minutes is just POOF - gone. Show ends with a lovely message, "This show has stopped recording" or some such other nonsense. And it's not because the show's schedule got off (i.e. started late, making the end time after the top of an hour).Then there's the guide showing the name of one show (the one we think we want to record), but when we record and play it back, it's a completely different show! That's always fun.Oh, and lets talk signal quality. For no apparent reason (well, is ANY of this for any apparent reason?) the HD picture will pixelate and become chunky and move sporadically or freeze and the audio sounds like a robot stuck singing the note B flat.And please don't bother trying to use the Search feature in OnDemand. More freezing typically awaits and yep, a reboot is usually required since none of the buttons on the remote can end the nightmare.You folks have a LOT of work to do. And I'll bet I'm not wrong in saying you also have a LOT of unhappy customers. And with very good reason. Bad software, bad network, bad delivery, BAD SERVICE. I've never experienced such sustained poor quality from a provider.Tonight was finally the last straw and will be happily entertaining other sources for our TV content next week.
1	Cox is the reason so many people pirate and stream TV a la carte from various sources.  Their service gets worse and worse and their service people seem to be getting dumber and dumber despite a job market flooded with unemployed college grads which means I can only assume it is a training issue and not actually a problem finding competent help.  I would advise anyone to add up the costs of cox vs what you actually watch and do a cost per show calculation.  You will likely find that streaming or buying just the shows you watch is less expensive, have no commercials and provides significantly less hassle than Cox delivers.  There are many free software GUI's that make your streaming service look just like the GUI COX offers.  Finally a use for your old laptop!
1	Cox communication will take money from your account and harass you for the money they already received.   We made our payments and they dont know where they applied those payments.  In other words they make it a practice to take money from peoples account for no apparent reason.  We are receiving contant collection phone calls on bills we have already paid.  They want us to do 101 things to clear it up.  After we do those things it still is not resolved Stay away from cox!!!!  They must be Obama supporters!!!!!!!!
1	If there was a 0 star rating THATS what Cox deserves! I have been placed on hold on three occasions over three weeks only to have the phone hang up each time.My vacation hold on services was never instituted. There is no way to speak to a supervisor. After paying a reconnect fee of $180.57 they disconnected me again while never resuming services.I have been a Cox customer for 17 years, the last several at over $200/month.Never again!Thank you Cox for forcing me to realize how bad you customer service is.Everything is going back.No more Cox.
1	We had Cox for over 3 years. It was fine. We used it only for internet and streaming. Paid $75/mo. We recently moved and wanted our service transferred to the new house. Turned out they needed to lay cables first to do it. They spray painted all over our property. I mean it looks ridiculous. They said they would schedule a work order and that we would be informed of the date. We never heard from anyone. Over the course of the next 2 weeks, we called and spoke to two different reps that assured us they would get us an answer and call us back. Again, we heard nothing. After 4 weeks, we called again. We were on hold for over 45 minutes, transferred to 4 different people. They had it noted out estimated date for the work order was January 2015. This was requested in August of 2014! Finally we asked to speak to a supervisor hoping someone could just get us a direct answer only to be on hold for over 10 minutes. We finally hung up. We cancelled our service and went with a carrier that actually values their customers and can get us set up in 5 business days at $40.00/mo. Monopolies only last so long. Consumers demand good customer service.
1	I expected this place to be bad because of the many bad reviews I've been reading at their Yelp Listing. My brother subscribed to their service without asking my 2nd thought or opinion about it. When I went home, I just knew that the cables where everywhere and theres already internet at the house.I scold him for that and we experienced the worst service ever.After this experience, we never ever think of asking this place for their service. Never ever.
3	I did my research and saw Cox had horrible reviews. Cable to me anywhere sucks compared to the deals and packages you can get with other companies. When I heard that was the only cable company here I made sure where I lived I didn't have to use only cable and I'm very glad I chose to do that based on these horrible reviews. I did have to get their internet service which is ok. I didn't want to get that but I didn't have any other options in my area.
1	Awful cable and internet service. Internet would go out once a week and then they wanted to charge me for a technician to come out. I switched to century link internet and it has been amazing. I kept cox cable and got the contour upgrade. Half the time I have to unplug then replug in the cable box and it still doesn't work. Cable companies are a monopoly and I would switch to dish or direct tv if my complex allowed me to have a satellite dish on my balcony , wish I could give cox negative stars. Hopefully they get bought out or they go out of business.
1	The laziest, most crooked people on earth. Don't bother arguing a wrong bill, they will never correct it, set your money on fire instead. For 165 bucks, you get 32 channels and slow, spotty internet "service". Can not wait for Google fiber. Get the internet and go with a Roku box or Apple TV, or, sign up for satellite. Or, if you are really set on Cox service, just go gamble your 200 bucks a month, give it to a homeless guy or blow it at the bars, you will have much more fun.
1	Quite possibly the worst cable company that I've ever had to deal with. Their online chat is useless as they tell you to call a different number everytime, and their prices aren't competitive. My internet connection is NEVER consistent and the package that I pay an additional $10/month has had a less than stellar connection. The second any other cable is offered to my apartment I will be switching immediately. I'm looking forward to more networks like HBO allowing us to cut the cord and watch these cable companies suffer.
4	After a big discussion with the sale MANAGER, I told her my story and I am canceling against my will because they don't provide the service in my new area, the manager gave a 50$ discount so I only paid 70$.I know its still a lot but at least she was somewhat reasonable, and service is way better than my new provider (Century Link)
1	Lucky to be receiving 1 star.Ordered internet install via Cox on-line form.  Gave 2 preferred times - M and T afternoon.  Get an email, sorry, will be Fri from 3-5p.  WTF!  Called to reschedule, was told sorry, those are your preferred times but not times we have available.  WTF.  Seriously - why even post preferred times if they aren't available?  I told the guy that is setting Cox up for failure by allowing the customer to believe they are going to get service on 1 of their 2 choices.  If that is not the case, then they should not even allow a preferred time slot.
1	i have been a Cox customer for 10 years and our normal cable, phone, alarm and internet bill is over $250 per month..  We had an outage on Friday and my internet has not been back up till this morning (today is Monday).  My service was "yellow tagged" at the pole..  disconnected for NO REASON even though my bill is current and nothing outstanding.  Cox does not care i lost work (i work from home on the internet doing business consulting via Skype), cox does Not care it was done on purpose and says "mistakes happen" and to deal with it.   This is how they treat a Loyal customer of 10 years when THEY make a mistake?  Great job cox..  ill be sure to Never use your services again.
1	Cancelled my services back on September 9th, got billed $320.00. Today the COX company went in and STOLE, for lack of a better word, another $690.00. If this would have been an individual, it would have been a crime, but since it is a big corporation, it is ooopps we made a mistake. DO NOT USE COX AUTO PAY. Glad to be rid of this company forever. They get 1 star as Aaron in the COX store did everything to help get our money back. Wish the whole company had her ethics. Good job Aaron!
2	I'm not really all that excited about writing a review for these guys.  Let's face it - all cable companies pretty much suck, so it really shouldn't be a surprise that COX is any different.Pros - none Cons - they are so skimpy on the channels they offer.  I wouldn't mind a very small selection of channels, but then don't charge me an arm and a let for it.COX, along with quite a few other cable companies, are waking up to the realization that with so much content being streamed, that actual cable subscribers are going to start dropping off like flies, especially the younger generation.It's not if, but when sometime down the road you'll have people saying, "You remember back when we actually had cables coming into our house and they ran everywhere through the walls and looked horrible and on top of that they charged you a lot of money?  Thank god for our new wireless community program.  No wires or cables on anything!"It's coming... trust me.
2	Getting tired of their unannounced internet service outages all times.  There have literally been three periods in the past week where I've been without service due to "maintenance".  They said they were improving service, but I really didn't have a problem with it until they took it down completely. They are pretty bad, almost Comcast bad.... and that says a lot.
1	Internet has been down for two days, they did some kid of improvement but did test it first shut down arizona. And instead of taking calls and letting people know, they shut down 8 phone numbers for contact and wouldn't except customer calls. By the next morning everyone seems trained to tell you your equipment isn't working right and we will get someone there to look at it. They also found it funny when I asked for a credit transferred me to someone speaking spanish. FAIL
1	I had COX tv for 16 years and converted to OTA and streaming their internet into Apple TV.  COX is:1.  Worlds worst customer service bar none2.  Least knowledgaeable staff in all areas.  When in doubt - lie.3.  Predatory commercial practices.  If you move they'll change your due date then slap you with a late fee.4.  Most arrogant staff in all areas5.  Least sensitive advertiser.  If you flood the market repeatedly with ads people don't even hear or see them anymore.6.  Put [eople in front of the public without any evidenc eof having been trained
1	COX Blows!!!!!!!!time and time again on demand freezes!!!!!you have to call in and wait 20 min to have them reset your box!!!!  I am sick and tired of sitting down with my family to watch a movie only to have to call fucking COX and have them fix their stupid products!!!! It's bullshit!!!  They blow!!!!
1	Horrible, horrible! For two years I had cox internet and cable tv. From the very start I had problems with horizontal lines floating up my tv image. When I called Cox, on at least 2 occasions, Cox told me that there was nothing wrong with the signal, and that the problem was with my tv, and I should buy a new tv. Well to make a very frustrating long story short, I lived with the problem, and didn't buy a new tv like Cox tried to get me to do. And I recently moved, and decided to go with another provider. I am glad I didn't throw away my tv. Because my tv is as good as new without any issues. .Stay away from Cox!
1	The worst customer service they told me I was paying 99 a month with tax went to pay my bill and being charger 126  a month. They told me they couldn't give me that price without lowering my speed of internet and giving me 20 channels for cable. I have been a customer for 7 years just had a baby called to get my cable bill lowered which I thought I did and now they tell me they cannot give me what I was offered.  terrible shaking my head at you Cox communication.so now i have to find a new provider.
1	If we could hook up television to a small cup and a wire it would be better this truly maddening service. The UI is basically straight out of 1996. The overpriced channels packages give you absolutely nothing OnDemand. Missed a show last night? Too bad.Wanted to DVR the show? Well you better hope it's the only thing you care about since you can only record a single show at a time. We are paying about 80 dollars more per month than the X1 platform by Comcast back in New England. I never thought if say this but I may have to pick up reading.
1	I hate cox... With a passion, they are rude and out source their customer service that we couldn't understand ANYTHING from the rep. At the end of the day we got what we wanted but I had to go up to corporate level. Their sales reps are dishonest and will do anything for a sale
1	The single most incompetent cable company in America. I can't wait for someone to recognize how weak the Phoenix cable/internet market is.
1	THE ABSOLUTE WORST you can possibly have in the entire world. Frequent outages for no reason, expensive monthly bills (I use preferred with speed up to 50mbps for $60). I play online games quite often, and Cox always ruins my games with disconnections and high ping. Funny thing is I never even get a speed close to 50mbps.I have been using cox for 7 years, and it started to happen from a few months ago. Did someone get really mad about the quality and terror their office recently? Their technical service doesn't really help anything and waste my time by holding me on the phone for hours. I can't be more disgruntled by an ISP. Google Fiber, please come save us Phoenicians. We do not deserve this insane quality of internet service anymore. You guys wouldn't know I much I get mad every time I hear about that stupid radio commercial, "Cox is doubling their internet speed" scam. It is a scam. You don't get what you pay for
1	Brett was the guy who was supposed to come set everything up for us. He even made room in his schedule, so we prepared to give him a hefty tip for his courtesy. He spoke to my girlfriend on the phone, but I was the only one home when he dropped by. After figuring out that I wasn't the one he had spoken to, he thrust the modem and cable box into my arms, and claimed that the deal was that we would set it up ourselves. We never, ever, claimed we would set it up ourselves, and on the phone he made it sound like he was going to be doing us a huge favor. Well, thanks for nothing Brett, and I'm going to use the tip you were supposed to receive to buy my coffee this week. I guess we had too much faith in these guys, even though Cox already has a reputation for having crappy customer service. Wish we had the option to go with someone else, but we don't. Would not recommend.
1	Terrible. The worst. But like most cable companies, they have a monopoly in my area.
2	I have had Cox TV service since 1985, internet and phone probably around 15 years. But the last 4 years my TV was covered by my HOA.  They cancelled effective mid sept .I get a letter from Cox saying that I will be billed an additional $70 a month since HOA cancelled.  I call telling them that I do not wish to continue TV service.The next month I get a bill charging me for this which I immediately called and had the charges removed.Their phone support is a joke.  How many times have I been told by their employees that they have to reset my modem and they will call me back as soon as it comes back up. Usually I end up having to call them back. The last time the girl said she would call me in 5 min.I waited 30min and never heard from her again. I call and get some guy who I told I needed to talk with this girl.  He transfers me to another guy who transfers me once again. I finally get to talk with supervisor. He tells me that the girl I first spoke with had gone home right after she spoke with me.  He agreed to credit my bill for $20 for the hassell.But what can you do? Only cable internet service in town.  I was thinking about getting Century Link and called them.  I never committed but they jumped the and sent me my modem a few days later which I imediately returned. Then 2 months later they threaten to turn off my service for nonpayment.  I call and tell them I never did have their service and they still insisted to turn it off.I now have a Roku and watch only TV on demand. Will never go back to cable TV.Just hope Cox comes out with a special low cost offer in Jan as my current offer for internet is discounted 30% and I will have to get another discount so I can keep my internet service.
1	I thought Canada was bad with communication companies, but COX in Phx AZ. is the worst , at least in Canada you have three choices and they are more technological advanced, then COX. everything in these previous reviews have also happened to us. no need to repeat the same lousy customer service, reliability issues and tech product offering.Why worry about ISIS when you have Cox.
1	BY FAR the worst customer service, I always am on the phone for at least 30 minutes. when trying to figure out why my bill is so high, "I DON'T KNOW" is the worst answer to give... i only have wifi with them because it's the only option in my area. I have disconnected my cable and phone simply because i could not put of with cox and their B.S. anymore. Be careful about their hidden fees and taxes..always ask and I would suggest recording your phone call because MANY consultants don't tell you how much the start up fees are.
1	Cox has been the worst experience of my life. In supposed to have cable and Internet with them but it has taken a week to set up. Everytime I call they keep telling me tomorrow. Everytime I call there's a different problem that if I didn't call I wouldn't have known about. The service team is nice but they have know clue what is going on they just tell you what you want to hear. It's awful. The worst part is I have to have them because I'm not allowed to put a dish on my house. Overall Cox is god awful and i will never use their services again.
3	I love their Internet service but I recently tried to cancel my home phone and was told that if I cancelled the phone my Internet bill would go up $16 a month.  Or I could have just the basic home phone line for $10 a month.  It's stupid to have a home phone line which isn't needed anymore.
1	Cox is by far the WORST service provider to ever exist. DO NOT GET IT! I wish I could give them no stars. Internet disconnects all the time for no reason, and it takes forever to get it back started. Quality=HORRIBLE.
1	Worst service in history!!!! makes me want to cry. this company needs to be shut the f**** down! Not like I had much option always have hated them but living in an area with only ONE OPTION, I gave them a chance. First altercation, about a month ago, mix ups on when my installation would be completed for internet in a new house(as I work online). ..long story short,Management-RUDE/INCONSIDERATE. Reps-Useless. 5 days go by-FINALLY Internet that took them literally three minutes to fix(nothing I had done!) Look on my bill to pay it-60$ installation!? (WTF!!! WHY?!) (Goes over my head I relax,regroup).Few weeks later.......Go to cox store, pick up equipment, ready for cable now ! I call around 7:30. (Said to be done at 7pm). Another short story- They have no idead why my connection is bad. I explain yes I have been through this but I refuse to pay another $60 for something I have no control over. MAN!!! In conclusion, I will find an alternative this shit is for the birds.Moral- Get wayyyy more for your money elsewhere. Dont even waste your time.(Fyi) I DO NOT WASTE MY TIME ON BITCHING ON YELP BUT FUCK!
1	This group of people are the absolute worst. If you have them I recommend ditching them, if you are thinking about it go somewhere else for service if you can.Seems as though they like our money and despise the customer. I hope google brings ISP to Phoenix area, and these guys are choked out of the market.
1	Absolute worst customer service I have ever encountered, BY FAR. They live up to their reputation. They overcharged me $525 then credited my account when they realized they screwed up. Getting my money back was an absolute bureaucratic nightmare. I fought with them for a few days, and ultimately was required to prove that they took the money by showing my bank statement. Then, I was told it would take 3 or so days min to receive a physical check in the mail. So, you can take my money at the flip of a switch, but it takes 3 days min and a paper check to give it back? Screw you Cox. Oh, also, the service charge to self install my internet using my own modem was absolutely delightful.
1	Cox is absolutely useless, they wanted to charge me $40 extra per month to get a box (better reception) with no (zero) extra channels. What we do get for our $80 is maybe a dozen decent channels mixed in with the majority of Spanish, religious and informercial channels.  Only slightly decent thing about Cox is their internet, although way over priced like all their "services".
1	If I could give them negative starts i would. Worst customer service I have ever experienced.
1	If we could hook up television to a small cup and a wire it would be better this truly maddening service. The UI is basically straight out of 1996. The overpriced channels packages give you absolutely nothing OnDemand. Missed a show last night? Too bad.Wanted to DVR the show? Well you better hope it's the only thing you care about since you can only record a single show at a time. We are paying about 80 dollars more per month than the X1 platform by Comcast back in New England. I never thought I would say this but I may have to pick up reading.Go to a library. Skip this truly backwoods service.
1	Tv freezes tiles choppy sound. No it's not my tv. There's a connection problem. Tech that come out are Incompetent. I pay 230 a month for services. Calls are dropped many times when I call. Service reps are incompetent. Lie about prices(they work on commission). Goodbye cox hello century link!
1	If I could give no stars I would. This is the absolute worst company I have ever dealt with. Their billing is so messed up. I am supposed to be price locked (meaning I signed a 2 year agreement with them for $120/month) in with them and every couple of months I get a bill that is $30 to $40 higher. I have to call them and argue with them about them. It's ridiculous.Just recently I moved and when I called to transfer the services I asked the CSR if there were going to be any fees associated with the transfer and she assured me there would not be. When the guy came to install it again I asked him "this gonna cost me anything?" again the answer was no. Just got my bill and guess how much.... $266!! $146+ more than it's supposed to be. $120 INSTALLATION FEES. Oh and now my monthly charges went up from $120 to $157/month. Im livid. I hate this company with a passion and cannot wait for this damn contract to be up! And of course, no 24 hour customer service.
1	You could not stop me from 1 staring this company. I have said before a bad company can't hide. Worst customer service ever (agreed). Chronic problems with web mail unresolved after years! If you don't like the cable service then get free cable with an antenna. They had a monopoly almost until Century Link came along but again you can get FREE HD cable (40+ channels) with an antenna. Vote with your feet (by walking away).
1	The worst, the undisputed worst. One star is generous. One to two hour wait times. I waited at least an hour to cancel then was lied to about the cancelation. I had to call back to wait again. Then They tried to bill me after I turned in my equipment a month later
1	April is coming-HBO online. Awesome  Goodbye cox cable boxes.  I will keep your internet service and home phone.  I cannot wait until the market forces cox to lower their prices.  Just counting the days. What an awful company through and through.
1	After canceling their service over 2 months ago because I moved and calling several times to request my credit balance be mailed out to me, I find out that they transferred my balance to someone else's account! Very incompetent, please consider better options before Cox.
1	Cox is the the absolute worse experience with cable TV ever. They are liars and they are unreasonably expensive. Use anyone but coz they are absolutely terrible. Customer service us a joke because you can't believe anyone. They tell you your price is one thing then something else pops up. You can be with a specialist to lower you bill and they will make changes knowing you will get charged for the change without telling you. They are shady.
2	My father was in the cable TV business all my life so I know a bit about this.  When I moved to AZ in 2005 I wanted to stick with cable, despite the surge in satellite companies, because of my dad.  Back in '05, Cox was pretty good.  I paid a fairly reasonable price for TV and internet that was comparable with everything else.Fast forward to 2014 and they have fallen way behind. The introduction of internet TV has totally blown them away.  I cancelled my cable and kept the internet about a year ago because I could watch everything I wanted on Netflix or Amazon for a much lower price. Therein lies the problem with paying for cable TV, a bunch of channels that you will never watch.The internet was an even bigger problem.  I pay for the Cox "Preferred" internet service at $50 a month that advertises 50mbps but in reality is around 36mbps.  I have called customer support several times about this but they blamed it on my computer and modem.  I bought a new modem from them less than a year ago after a tech came to my house to diagnose the slow connection.  After researching online I found the modem was top of the line and there were no problems with my computer but I still get way less than what I am paying for.After I talked to my dad I found out the real problem after I noticed something strange.  I had cancelled my TV service but found out that if I just hooked my TV up to the wall jack via coaxial cable, I still got the basic TV signal.  I cancelled my TV, how is this possible?  The answer is because Cox was cheap when they installed lines in this area and most areas.  They use the same cable run to the house for TV and internet.  This not only slows your internet but also degrades your HD TV picture. On the plus side, I have basic cable without paying for it.  On the down side, my internet speeds suck.  Cox will always be steps behind as long as they rely on a physical cable to distribute their services.  My only plus for Cox is that my service rarely goes out and their customer service is average.
1	Why can't I rate them LESS than 1 star? I always dread contact Cox because you always wait forever only to be transferred to another service person and then another service person. My call that I just completed, approximately 75 minutes and 3 service reps later, resulted in Cox reducing my monthly invoice amount by approximately 10% but it is still at least double what I will pay with a competitor. And, that is not considering using Netflix, Amazon, etc. Time for Cox to re-define themselves or close the doors.
2	We live in a very rural area so our options for internet service is limited and Cox has the monopoly right now.  We have had their service for 2 years and for the most part, it could be worse, but here is my experience thus far. #1, the customer service is fantastic once you get them on the phone, but that is the tricky part.  I have never called and had to wait less than 10 minutes.  Hopefully they don't have to transfer you, you go in the queue, and it can take up to another 10 minutes.  Your limited what you can do online and even the online chat is very limited, so realize that most times you will have to call in to make changes, the website is useless.  #2, the internet is fast and awesome when it's working.  Ours will randomly go out and I have to reset the router.  This happens most days, some multiple times a day.  I work from home so this can be VERY tiring.  My hubby bought me a wireless broadband thing from Verizon to use so I don't have to go upstairs to the 3rd level to reset the router...why is it there you ask?  Because the installer said it was the best place in the house.  New construction and no furniture yet, and he puts it there.  I, unfortunately, am clueless with these types of things and he insisted that by the window upstairs would get the best signal. This issue also affects our OnDemand (which is sporatic at best).  #3  The OnDemand will not work all of the time.  The family tends to cheer and chant when we're able to actually get a show or movie to start.  We had a tech out here and I requested they move the router but instead he put in some boosters (imagine, no signal at all in the house) and said we were good.  Nope, still having the issues.  I will give them credit as far as the product idea and packages, beats Verizon hands down, easily.  And DirectTv is horrible if you're anywhere near trees.  If they were consistent with the working of the products, they would be unstoppable.  Very reasonable prices but I imagine if they were more reliable that would change.  Tech support is efficient and like I said , once you can reach a human, they are very friendly and we have never once had an issue with our bill.  They also gave us Starz free for 12 months to make up for the issues with the signal.  Definite room for improvement but not nearly as bad as the other reviews I have read.  Thank heavens.
1	Been a Cox customer many years, recently moved and needed internet service at the new home, have my own modem/router, get a call from them stating a tech will be at the new house to hook me up, needed a time frame, they said absolutely nothing about a 60 dollar house call charge, for pete's sake, for years they only needed your modem number and you could easily just do it yourself, well they already had my modem number, i was transferring service, the tech showed up on time and asked which jack I planned on using for the modem, it wasn't until a month later when we decided to move the computer upstairs and needed the connection from comp to modem hardwired since the wife works from home and needs the most reliable of connections, all other jacks in the house are dead, only the one works, so had a chat session with Cox, they will be happy to send out a tech to make that new jack live so I can use it for 60.00 tech charge, I told them to screw off, I noticed the last tech cut a bunch of lines into the box, left the coaxial ends in the rocks too, I'll bet ten to one that before he showed up the entire house was live at all jacks, and I'm still trying to figure out how I went from 32.99 per month for internet only to 62.99, nearly a 100 percent increase. Google, we need you to come to Phoenix and give cox some friendly competition.
