1	I unfortunately don't have many positives for this beautiful, high-tech facility.  First, you are sent patient forms in the mail to complete prior to your visit.  Then you are told to go online and fill out a "digichart," which takes about 30 minutes asking you all kinds of questions (many unrelated to an OBGYN visit, mind you).  These questions don't stop at just a general FYI - they prompt you for very thorough answers.  One question was about past surgeries, asking about my tonsillectomy, including date of it.  What on earth does an OBGYN need this information for?  Half way through the 30 minute questionnaire, I had to make a comment of "too many questions!"  Once you are finally ready to submit your answers, guess what - if you left ANYTHING blank, it prompts you to go back  through the entire process.Finally, the day of my appointment - I get there about 20 minutes early.  They make you take a photo for your file - which again shows how high-tech and fancy they are.  The facility is gorgeous, which leads me to believe they may be overbilling insurance much?  I then had to wait an additional 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment time to be called into the back.  Once there, the 18 year old office assistant proceeded to ask me yet 20 + more questions! I couldn't believe it.  She then tried to sell me on skin care products, to which I asked her about pricing and she was clueless!  I was so annoyed at this point.  Then I was brought to my room to change and wait for the doctor.  After waiting half naked, in a freezing cold room, for now another 45 minutes, I finally popped my head out to find someone and ask how much longer.  About 10 minutes after that, the doctor finally saw me.  She made some small talk about my hair and tattoo, and did not ask anything about my general health or ask about anything about what I had provided in my questionnaire relating to my issues relating to my visit.  I decided I should inform her, because I need to see the doctor every 6 months usually, and as soon as I told her that, she said she felt a bump on my ovary and that I now needed to come back for an ultrasound.  This was totally unrelated to my other condition and I was beginning to wonder again about the overbilling insurance and their state of the art facility.  Coming from La Jolla, CA I have never even seen such a facility!  I then told her I wanted to get routine blood work done and she said she would get that taken care and get me out of there in no time.  She apologized for the long wait.  I then waited another 10 minutes for an assistant to come to the office for the blood work.  She prompted me down the long hall and told me to check out and wait (again) to be called for lab work.  The same assistant that initially checked me in came back by and said that I needed to fast for one of the lab tests and that I could wait and do the other now.  I checked out and took a seat to be called for blood work.  After waiting for about another 25 minutes, I saw that same assistant and asked her how much longer it would be, because I had now been there for over 2 hours for a procedure that takes a total of 10 minutes, tops.  The assistant asked why I was even still there, and I was in absolute furry by this point.  I told her she had said I was to wait for blood work.  She then replied and said she thought I was rescheduling all tests when I had to do the one for fasting.  I then left without doing any lab work.I had an ultrasound and a follow up appointment scheduled, to which I have just canceled.  Let me add one last compliant, I had to wait on the phone for 15 minutes just to cancel, with it telling me I was the 6th caller in line.  HA!  That was worse than calling the DMV!!!
1	About a month or so after canceling the ultrasound with this place (they wanted to charge me out of pocket $450), I went to my normal doctor and did an ultrasound for $77 - to which was completely normal.  Then I received a generic letter from the doctor I saw and it claims that because I have unfinished medical concerns, there may be possibility of health issues INCLUDING DEATH.  I could not believe it.  Who sends letters like that?!!
4	Meadow's Women's Center (MWC) is located in the southwestern part of Vegas off of Ft. Apache and near the Southern Hills Hospital.  The office and building themselves are brand new and visually appealing.Most of the nurses and staff are fairly young and vibrant.  However, some of their youthfulness translates to immaturity.  While waiting in the lobby I overhear personal  conversations amongst staff and personal phone calls, some of which contain too much information--unprofessional.  The conversations are none of my business and do not bother me but, as a professional business, management should keep chatter to a minimum.  Or to offset the conversations, have a tv in the lobby.As other Yelpers have noted, the wait time(s) is/are a bit on the lengthy side.  On average, I'd say my wait in the lobby (to just see the nurse) is anywhere from 25-40 minutes.  After they take your weight, blood pressure, etc. the nurse takes you to your own private room to wait for the doctor.  I'm guessing my average wait to see Dr. McHale is about 30-45 minutes.  Dr. McHale is a young, caucasian female from Texas who also did some of her graduate work in Pennsylvania.  She is very understanding, thorough, and patient.  The gynecologist is probably the doctor all of us women hate to see but, Dr. McHale allows me to feel as comfortable as I can be at the OB/GYN.  During exams/procedures she will give you an explaination about almost everything to help you get a better understanding of why some things are necessary.  At the end of exams/procedures, she always informs you of what you may need or, if you might need a follow-up.  Her instructions are clear and, if you should need more information, she will inform the receptionist or nurse to give you some literature.  I definitely would recommend Dr. McHale to any timid female needing a gynocologist.  She is very professional, un-snooty, and down to Earth.  Like I mentioned before, she and the staff at MWC are on the tardy side.
1	Sure this place has a nice waiting room, but good luck getting inside to actually get your exam completed.  I came early to my appointment but still waited one-hour and 20 minutes before I decided that my time was not worth sitting there while no one informs me what is taking so long to see Dr. McHale.  Other patients who came after me were quickly called in because I assume the doctor they were seeing was not behind with their appointments.  I understand that doctors can fall behind, but at least have the common courtesy to let me know and give me the option to reschedule my appointment if needed.  Ever heard of communicating and using your office staff to manage your appointments?  Hmmm, that might be a good idea so that you don't lose patients, especially first time patients.  I cancelled my appointment with the receptionist and she asked if I wanted to reschedule.  I said no, but that was the end of the conversation.  Good job girl, I can see you care about the business your office generates.  It may be a doctor's office, but it is a business, so treat it like one and manage your appointments and staff.  It looks like a nice and clean office, but it's all for show.  It would have been nice to receive a call from an office manager for a follow up on my cancellation after waiting so long for the appointment.
4	I've been coming to Meadows Women's Center since January for my maternity care. Since I was a new patient I had to get established with the PA (Sadie). I really like Sadie as she was really pleasant and easy to talk to. She covers for the doctors who are out of town as well if its non emergency. However since I was pregnant I was regularly seeing Dr. Kirsten Rojas. I'm able to ask Dr. Kirsten questions and she takes her time to answer them as well. I've had to call the office a couple times to ask a couple of questions and for the most part they have returned my phone call. I've been able to get in to emergency appointments right away too which is big when you are a pregnant and it's your first time pregnancy and when I had to schedule emergency postpartum appointments. The office is quite modern and not run down like a lot of other doctor's offices. I was recommended MWC by a friend and in talking to my other friends they also go see Dr. Kirsten as well. Yes the wait can be long, but at the same time I've waited at other OB/GYN's office for a long time. There was one time I waited for a doctor for over 2.5 hours and her staff kept telling me that she was at the hospital and she would be back soon (back soon ended up being another hour later). The only time you don't have to wait is when you are getting an ultrasound done. The ultrasound tech is always on schedule with whatever appointment you make, sometimes when I'm checking in she calls me as I'm still paying the copay. I think a standard average appointment runs about a good hour to a good hour and 15 (which includes blood work and check out). If you don't want to wait I would suggest to try and get the first appointment. I always have to schedule the latest appointment in the day because I work and knowing that if they get behind I will have to wait longer as well. Dr. Staci McHale was the doctor that ended up delivering my baby. I do wish that they did some kind of rotation where we were able to meet the other doctors in the practice just in case your primary doc is not in town or not on call. However, Dr. McHale took care of me extremely well even with all of the lil hiccups that we had at the different hospitals she made transitioning to summerlin hospital a breeze. In the end I've had to have a c section, but Dr. McHale was there every step of the way. She's also great and easy to talk to so it made the whole process go by smoother. I've also had the chance to meet Dr. Roberts who was really awesome too! She was quite funny and was able to take care of me when Dr. Kirsten was out of town. There are a lot of great doctors at this practice so I definitely would recommend all 3 that I've seen there! Overall, this is a doctor's office and there are always pros and cons to every doctor's office especially an OB/GYN's office.  I do enjoy my time at MWC and I've always liked their nursing staff. Believe me... I've had a lot of time to bond with a lot of them especially in the "special" fetal assessment room. Overall, I was taken care of and besides the long wait times the doctors there are pretty awesome.
1	Far too expensive for an incredibly unprofessional staff and clueless doctors. I was given more than enough pills to take care of my problem, yet they could never give me an actual diagnosis. Almost $600 later, and a threatening phone call and letter saying "we will no longer provide medical care or prescriptions," I couldn't possibly care less. They don't care about the patients at all, and just want money. Don't waste your time (because about 3 hours of your time will be wasted waiting to see a doctor that couldn't possibly care less about you.) OH, and another awesome fact... I was told my blood tests couldn't be reviews at one point because my doctor was going out of state for volunteer work......I ran into her at a social drinking function. Awesome.
1	Be prepared to wait at least an hour in the waiting room and another hour in the doctors room. I gave them a second chance and still waited 2 hours. And they have the nerve to charge you for missing an appointment?!?
1	If you are taking the time to read reviews on this place then stop, back out of this and find another clinic right now!!!! Besides the hour wait and forgetting about me after the doctor left the room, the worst part was they MIXED UP MY FILE WITH ANOTHER PATIENTS!!!!When I checked in, I gave them my drivers license, insurance card and refilled out the paperwork.  They began referring to me as "Christine".  My name is Christy. Never ever has it been Christine on any document anywhere. After correcting them 3 times they finally said they would change it in computer. When I began to speak to the nurse she mis spoke about my medications and then about my age. Finally it dawned on me, I asked "Whose record do you have?!!?" It wasn't mine. Totally different social security number. Totally different person with a similar name.  By then they had changed her name to Christy, photo copied my license and insurance card, added it to her file and were scribbling notes all about me and my meds in it.This place is a mess.  I feel for Christine when she goes back in.
5	I went here for the first time today and was extremely pleased. I made my appointment just a week ago with Sadie Jacklin, APN. I liked being able to complete all my forms online ahead of time so i didn't have to so it in the waiting room. I even got my appointment time wrong and they were still able to fit me in with a very short wait time (10-15 min). I only waited minutes in the exam room. Sadie took lots of time to answer many, many questions that I had (20 min. at least). I love the ambiance of the office and it is clean and peaceful. I highly recommend it!
1	What a crock. Dr. Rojas made me feel like i had cancer. I found out later that she made many others feel this way in order to get bi-weekly ultra sounds. When i got my second opinion by Dr. Glassman, who told me that there was nothing wrong with me, i knew that the Rojas was a swindler. Don't waste your money, or your deductible. They want your money and will tell you anything to get it.
3	Pros: Dr Roberts is the sweetest, most comforting dr ever. She talks you through uncomfortable exams and is very friendly.Cons: The staff is rude, they make you feel like you're a hassle to them. I've been a patient for about 3 years now and they have gone through a variety of people and they all seem to be very rude. Also, be prepared to wait.....a while. I arrive early and still have to wait. The worst thing yet, my last appointment got scheduled 2 days earlier then when my insurance would kick in to pay for my annual pap. So I drove all the way there (far from my house) and find out my insurance won't pay for my pap!!! So I had to come back for my annual pap. Then they charged me for both visits!!!!! This is very shady in my opinion. I'm so disappointed with this office.I wish Dr Roberts would go to a different practice. I'm so unhappy with this office, but I love my doctor. I'm torn if I should leave the practice or stay and deal with the incompetent, rude staff.
5	I've grown to love this place- Dr. Roberts, the nurse practitioner and other nurses and ultrasound techs are fantastic. Wait time to get through to a live person on the phone can be long. Prenatal care is top notch.  Dr. Roberts is energetic, knowledgeable, diligent, thorough and very concerned for her patients. She answers all of my oodles of questions and has gone above and beyond throughout the pregnancy and especially when complications arose.  Very happy to have found Meadows and Dr. Roberts!
2	This office is not worth your time or money.  I was recommend by my insurance to come to Meadows and have Dr. Kristen Rojas as my physician. I am currently looking for another doctor.  However, be prepared to wait. A LOT.  I wait an average of an hour just to go back in to a doctor's office. Then I get to look forward to another hour wait. Then I'll see dr. Rojas for about 5 min. Where she lists a bunch of test and procedures that I need to do but don't have a medical history or need for. I then have to schedule each test for another visit and come back numerous times over a series of weeks to be told I'm fine. I wasted a lot of money and time here.It's just not worth it.
1	HORRIBLE. Each time you call it takes 10-30minutes for someone to answer the phone. When you go for your appointment, expect to wait for about 2 hours in the lobby. I am getting billed for things they say were fully covered. I am also getting billed for a "missed appointment" that I had cancelled way ahead of time... which if it wasn't cancelled, they should've called to confirm which I would have told them was cancelled. These billings are non stop. When calling to wait that 20minutes to make the appointment, you have to schedule 1-2 months ahead.Though this place is nice and the medical staff is nice, the wait for everything is not worth it. There are better doctors and staff elsewhere.
5	Ok, so I'm reading all these reviews and I can't believe... I've been a patient of dr Kirsten R. for almost 5years, I hade a pleasure of meeting dr Roberts, dr Joe R, Sadie... They are all so professional, knowable, nice, they take time with you to hear and answer all your questions... They always welcome you with a smile. Dr Kirsten also took a good care of me during my pregnancy and delieverd  my beautiful baby. Now, the stuf- I've been coming here almost 5 years. I have NEVER hade someone being unpeasant to me. Everyone is always very nice!!! About the wait. Its usualy 20-30 min wait, unless the doctor you are seing is having emergency. These people deliever babies and babies sometimes decide to come out when the practice is opened and patients are waiting. And that becomes priority. Bottom line, even if I have to wait, I wont mind, bc professional like dr Rojas will exemine me. I rader wait 2 hours, and have expert like her take care of my health, then wait 5min and have dr misdiagnose me, which happened to me before and have put me thru a lot of stress... Also, I never had expirience of them putting me on unnesesery tests or nothing similar. I highly recomend these place to everyone, doctors are great, friendly and most important very professional and good analysts. Thank you all Meadows team, keep up a good work!!!
2	This place only gets 2 stars because Dr. Roberts is so great. The rest of the experience is terrible. Many of the staff are rude. The wait is ridiculous. To wait occasionally is one thing but to wait 45 minutes to an hour every time is just silly. For my initial visit, I filled out all of their forms on line but when I came in they said they didn't have them so I had to do it all over again. The first time I came, after 45 minutes the nurse called my name, took me to a room, got called away and left me in the room... After 15 minutes I went into the hall to get some help... The nurse had forgotten about me and the Dr. didn't even know I was there!This last time, after an hour wait, the nurse that came to get me was the rudest yet. She had zero empathy and walked ahead if me with no regard for me as a human being or A PAYING CLIENT! It's as if they think I have no choice but to come to thus center! As a business owner I'm shocked that they treat their clients like a hassle. If Dr. Roberts wasn't so great, I would not continue to come here. I wish she'd change practices but even with all of the negatives I will continue to come here for Dr. Roberts. She is amazing. Compassionate, professional and a truly good person.
5	I love dr kirsten Rojas! She's wonderful and has helped me tremendously to get me this far when other doctors couldn't. So it makes me mad when people say she runs useless tests for more money. These tests are to figure out what's going on. If she wasn't a great doctor people wouldn't keep seeing  her. However, the wait is long ( but worth it to see her if you ask me) just make sure you allow plenty of time. She runs late because she spends time with you and doesn't rush you In and out.  The staff is a mixed bunch. Girls in back are wonderful. Check in / out is sometimes a mess. Name and info has been mixed up or copay confusion. You have to stay on top of them and do your job as a patient and be informed about what's going on with you. I would recommend her any day.
5	I want to give Dr. Roberts one million stars! She is the most caring, incredible dr. in the world. She treats all the women in my family and really cares about each patient. She takes the time to talk you through everything and make potentially uncomfortable situations totally worry-free. Unfortunately, I have waited several hours before to see her...but it's totally worth it.
1	This place is the worst place ive ever been to, EVER! Ive only been here once for a normal yearly visit and I keep getting a bill because they some how managed to have coded quest diagnostic with a experimental code? My insurance doesn't cover experiments and I received a $500 bill!  Now here's the best part apparently they did an experiment with blood work imagine, I dont know where the blood came from because it didnt belong to me? They never took blood that day. And this all happened in dec 2013 well its almost july 2014 and duh! Its still not fixed. This place sucks! Id be afraid they might lose my baby or something crazy id never trust this place with something so valuable as another life!
2	The only reason it even gets two stars is because dr Roberts is awesome. She was great in the delivery as well as post visits The staff once you get back there is great.  I can tell you no matter what, when you go this office,You will wait 45-60 minutes in the waiting room to be seen.  I have no idea why.  There's always an excuse. I had to leave work early some days to take my wife and one day in particular I wouldn't have even had to leave early. That cost me money if you look at the grand scheme of things. I definitely can tell you they do not take your life and it's priorities into consideration. It's does not matter if our appt is at 11 am or 4 pm. Your waiting. My wife had a c section and requested some more meds. It's always nice and awesome having an overly courteous to the point she's insulting you office assistant tell you that following the directions on the label is in fact TOO MUCH and telling you how YOUR own pain is.  I'm watching my wife in tears bend over to pick up a napkin cuz she won't wait for me. But no. This assistant apparently knows what's best.  Extremely insulting. To the point that I was going to make a personal visit and speak with the office manager.  Those two things aside, had a great experience.
4	I just went to this medical center for the first time and Dr Amena was my practitioner and I have to say she was very helpful and professional, she was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable, I will definately go see her again , the staff was alright, not extremely friendly but not rude either, and the wait wasn't as bad as other reviewers said on here, I was over all very happy with my first visit and looking forward on going back.
1	this place is horrible dont go here they will bill you and your insurance  for labs and test you never said yes too michelle gray manger of billing is completely unprofessional started to yell at me over the phone because i was confused about my bill. you cant talk to anyone they all point the finger to someone else no one helps you. its like the twighlight  zone of unprofessionalism dr mina is the worst of them all  this place deserves 0 stars  dont go to this office ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I cannot recommend this place at all!  I am attempting to get a surgery scheduled with Dr. Lisa Roberts and also her husband Dr. Donald Roberts.  It has taken over 1 week to get a return phone call from Lisa, the surgery scheduler.  Lisa lied on the phone about the surgical privileges that Dr Donald Roberts has in order to attempt to get me to have both surgeons be from this office.  Dr Donald Roberts works for a different practice.  She does not want him to be the supporting surgeon.  Michelle in billing is also incompetent.  A doctor from this practice was the secondary doctor during a C-section I had earlier this year.  They billed me twice without consent for the co-pay.  I recommend Desert Perinatal or any other practice in the city.  Dr. Lisa Roberts is amazing, but it is hard to get to her.  My last visit took 2 hours and I was with my three children ages 4 and under.I recommend going else where!  Do not waste your time here.  You will be disappointed.
1	Refused to check on the health of my baby. Uncaring staff and doctors. Terrible example of human decency.
5	It's been over 6 years since I first visited the office but I spent almost all of my pregancy there or under their care. Dr. Kirsten was the most amazing doctor and I have no doubt that the only reason both my son and I are here today is because of her care. She diagnosed me with something so many others would have missed. I have never had a more thorough, precise and wonderful physician as Dr. Kirsten. She has a wonderful bedside manner, is professional and above all cares about her patients. I've moved out of state but if I had the chance to go back, Dr. Kirsten would be the only person I would see. I wish all physicians were like her. Ps - I referred a friend to meadows women's center and she has had extraordinary care by Dr. Joe and wouldn't trade him for the world - 3 kids later.
4	Had an excellent experience here... the wait time was average. I was in and out within an hour and half. Dr. Rojas was direct and helpful.
2	Unfortunately/Fortunately my experience only went as far as the appointment process. I found this place by a long list of female doctors from my insurance, this list DID NOT include what each doctor specialized in. I am new to the Las Vegas area and I just switched insurances coming over here so I don't currently have a Doctor. I am looking for a long term doctor, someone that can get familiar with my health as well as help me with some current health challenges.When I called to make an appointment I stated the reason for my appointment was "loss of appetite, weight loss, tiredness and just feeling like something is not right" She said no problem and we went thru the process of setting up an appointment. When I looked online I saw that my appointment had been scheduled as a gynecologist appointment. So I called the receptionist the next day and explained that I am really looking for an appointment with someone who could help me with more of a wellness visit considering it was bad timing for a gyno visit. She told me that the Doctor might be able to help me with my other issues but if she decides she needs to do an exam she may. I wasn't overly confident with that answer considering that I only might get help with the main issue I am going for. With how I am feeling physically and my financial situation (taking off work) I can't take a chance. I felt like the negatives really outweighed the positives. Overall, the main reason I canceled my appointment was:-The 2 staff members who helped me in the appointment process. I didn't feel confident with their answers to my questions.-The amount of time I spent on hold waiting to make an appointment. I really don't want to have to wait that long every time.-The multiple reviews that mentioned overcharging and saying procedures were covered by insurance and weren't (this is super scary when it comes to overcharged medical because this could be thousands of dollars owed by you if its not caught)-The multiple reviews that mentioned long waits in the waiting rooms.
2	I have been here 4 times and every wait exceeded an hour. On my arrival of this visit I was informed they don't allow any beverages in the waiting room. I threw my Starbucks away and sat for an hour! The only reason I continue to come here is for Dr. Roberts.  5/5. I think she is a great Doctor but wish she worked at a different facility. If you enjoy wasting your time, reading magazines, and sitting around then this is your place!!! Bring a phone charger!!I had the worst blood draw of my life here. She dragged the needle against my arm when she pulled it out--resulting in a 2 inch scratch. Lovely!
5	I turned to Meadows Women's Center when I had a terrible experience with a previous OBGYN. While the process took a little bit of time to get everything switched over, everybody was more than helpful from the front office staff to the wonderful Dr. Roberts. She delivered my first child and I still go there for routine check ups. My wait time in the office was never more than 20 minutes and everybody has always been greatly helpful including the nurses. Will definitely have Dr. Roberts as my Dr. every step of the way with any future babies! I'm so glad I was able to find a doctors office that was so helpful in such a hard process!
1	Despite all those bad reviews I read for this place, I still wanted to give it a try because of good things I heard about Dr. Roberts. Hate to give a bad review without actually seeing the doctor yet (apparently you don't get to see the dr until the 3rd visit), but the appointment/scheduling process is just terrible. I'm 6wks pregnant ...scheduled my appt 3wks ago for ultrasound and to see the NP. They called a week after to reschedule and split my appt into 2 different visits, said the NP is not available on my first appt date so I have to return a week after. Showed up to my 1st appt today for ultrasound, but they said I have to be rescheduled because cannot do ultrasound without seeing the NP first...WTH?!?! I even called last Wednesday to confirm my appts, but they didn't mentioned anything. The front girl even straight up lied to my face said someone tried calling me this morning to cancel and reschedule, but there's not one missed call/message/voicemail from them on my phone. I'm very disappointed at their insufficiency and dishonesty. Plus, if your company has a 24h cancellation policy, I believe it's a simple courtesy you do the same to your patients too. It's unfortunate that I won't get to meet Dr. Roberts, but I'm afraid all those bad reviews I read about scheduling/billings/waitings are true about this place, and I don't think I can go through these throughout my pregnancy. I'm seeking care somewhere else for sure.
1	Unfortunately I've probably never been to a worse doctor's office.  It always starts with the phone and never being able to get ahold of someone.  I dislike that I'm required to leave my social security number along with my name and phone number if I have to leave a message for the nurses regarding prescriptions or any questions.  I'm pretty sure my last name, #, and maybe even birthday is sufficient enough to leave in a message. Then there's the wait times. I learned to schedule my appt as the last thing on my list of to-dos for the day because on average I've always waited at least 45 min in the waiting room and then an additional 20-30 min in the examining room.  All that wait for the doctor to rush in, do her thing, not ask if I have any problems or questions and be done in less than 5 minutes.  I feel like this place tries to cram as many patients as they physically can in a day making everyone feel rushed.  Last and worst issue.  I was treated for an infection that is apparently common in 50-70% of women and required a basic culture and urine test to rule out any STDs or other bigger issues.  Assuming my insurance would cover it like a regular pap and the doctor didn't advise me at all that it wouldn't be covered by my insurance I had the tests done.  One month later I received a bill from Quest diagnostics for over $500!!! Long story short, the doctor wouldn't cover it because my insurance ruled it as investigational and wasn't covered in my policy. Ok, but why didn't the doctor tell me it wasn't going to be covered, I could have gone somewhere else.  My insurance told me that the doctor office could write a letter of appeal to explain why the test was necessary and not investigational or experimental. They refused to do this.  Do not go to this doctors office.  No one is helpful there.
4	Thanks to Yesenia  and Dr. Mina I will continue to be a patient here
