5	OK, being from Wisconsin (the land of the "great lakes") I was COMPLETELY surprised to be told that, yes, there are lakes here in the desert of Arizona.  The Lake, Saguaro Lake, is a man made lake originally built as Stewart Mountain Dam...even so, its beauty is equal to those you would see in the glacier regions of the Midwest.  I was amazed, frankly, at how beautiful this tour was.  Sold for $18 for 90 minutes, you get your money's worth.  But that is probably not what you want to hear...The "event" is a combination of 1) the scenery, and also 2) the charm of the paddle boat itself.  The boat is quite large with seating for probably close to 75 people!  It's an event that you could share with family, but I happened to be there with friends.  Currently, it's a pretty mellow type of event (great for Mother's Day!), although I am told that they are hoping to exploit its benefits to include comedy shows, Jazz ensembles, stargazing, and a variety of other events.P.S.  They also advertise that you can rent the paddle boat for company picnics, weddings, and the like.
5	What a fantastic way to enjoy scenic Saguaro Lake, one of the Valley's hidden gems, in the outskirts of Mesa less than an hour from central Phoenix . The lake itself is a lot bigger than it would seem when you view it from the marina area, because of the curves of the canyon it passes through - a fact that you'll get to appreciate when you take the boat tour. Parking is free at the Saguaro Lake Marina's parking lot, so this allows you to admire and enjoy the beauty of the Tonto National Forest without having to buy the Tonto pass. The boat has a climate-controlled lower deck with tables, seats, and a snack bar; the upper deck offers a more open-air experience. My friend and I enjoyed great vistas with spectacular rock formations, abundant Sonoran desert vegetation, and diverse fauna including many aquatic birds, all explained with a touch of humor by the captain during the narrated tour. This is truly one of the best ways in the Valley to relax and enjoy nature in the Sonoran Desert ... and since you're doing it on a large boat on a lake,  it is also one of the most unique ways.
5	How many boat tours offer cactus viewing as a main attraction?  The Desert Belle does, along with viewing wildlife like bald eagles and Arizona-style rock landscapes. The four-mountain profile on Arizona license plates is seen from the Lake. The tour narration is interesting and informative.  It's a first class event.The boat is the New Desert Belle, which holds 143 passengers on two levels. The original pseudo-paddlewheel boat was retired at some point, apparently relatively recently. The comfortable new boat has enclosed seating on the first level and covered outdoor seating on the top level. The snack bar on the boat was reasonably priced, not the norm for tour boats. The Lake is sheltered, so the ride is very smooth compared to open water tours.
5	Awe your non-Arizonan family and friends with this 90-minute tour of Saguaro Lake where they will see there is actually water in the desert, even if we put it there!!  For $20 (adult ticket price), this is a great way to show off our state without a road trip.  Part of the tour is through canyons, part of it is open desert.  You may also catch a glimpse of our local wildlife.  We spotted bald eagles soaring overhead, but bighorn sheep, bobcats, and even mountain lions have also been seen (or so we were told).Although I've lived in Arizona my entire life (my very short life), I really enjoyed the tour as well.  The Captain provided plenty of information regarding the area and the state, but did not talk non-stop, so there was plenty of time to take in the scenery.  I even learned a thing or two.  The boat has two levels, the bottom being enclosed and air-conditioned.  The top is open, but shaded.  There are bathrooms on board and drinks available for purchase.  It is also available for private  charter, and they are sometimes special events, open to the public, held on board as well.  Get to the dock early if you want your choice of seating, as it is not assigned.  We thought 15 minutes would be plenty of time, but found they let people board early to get out of the 74 degree blistering sun.  And don't forget your camera!
4	Excellent ride, it's kind of a mix between a social booze cruise and Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom. Twenty dollars scores you an a leisurely ninety minute tour through a man made Arizona canyon lake with some stunning views. Wild life abounds as we observed bald eagles soaring overhead, various species of ducks quacking along, and were told of bighorn sheep, bobcats, and even mountain lions being present in past excursions. The captain gives it that Marlin Perkins feel and injects quite a lot of interesting facts along with some humor into the trip but is not overbearing as to ruin the relative serenity of the overall experience. We also got to see a few guys on water skis putting on an excellent 'Hey! I am an idiot!' show along with a 1966 Amphicar Model 770 (is it a car? is it a boat?). It was definitely a good time and worth doing again.
5	It was such a great experience. The temperature is 10 degrees cooler than Phoenix. Beautiful scenery and friend staff.  Highly recommended.
2	It sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations.Living social sponsored the cruise. $60 a person. They had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in. We heard the boat was air condioned but noticed only the bottom half of this double decker was sealed in for such. Just like Titanic, we knew only half the passengers were going to make it. So we got as close to the front of the line as possible. We made it inside and grabbed a couple seats. The poor people opposite us had seats but couldn't sit down because plastic stacking chairs were stored there. They shouldn't use precious AC space for storage!Soon after we shoved off they opened the front doors and hot, 107 degree air blasted through the cabin. Everyone was complaining but the crew said they had to circulate fresh air through because of the sterno candles used to keep the buffet food warm. There was nothing fresh about that air! We had punch cards, wrist bands, and tickets for drinks and food control. God forbid someone got an extra cup of soda. The food was good but not $60 a person good. The lake and scenery was beautiful. After dinner was music from a steel drum band and dancing. But it was only one guy on one steel drum playing with a cassette. And I don't know where there was a dance floor because it was packed like sardines. I think there was 4 square feet total.Anywho, It killed a couple hours and was an experience when you'r sick of the dry desert. You can try it if you're bored and don't mind parting with your money. I passed someone dismbarking and they asked if it was worth it. I said, "Meh. I've had better."
5	This was so much fun. I bought a groupon as I know how much my dad likes to be on the water, so what better way to show him parts of AZ. Who knew we had water lol.The tour was gorgeous albeit chilly if you were sitting outside, but so worth it. The Captain did a great job of giving us the history if the surrounding area. I will definitly bring my mom here when she visits in the spring.
5	Had a nice time on the lake.  The Captain was engaging and fun.Will recommend
2	My wife bought a Groupon last week for an afternoon cruise on the Desert Belle. Now look, I'm a fan of small, family operated businesses, and I have no interest in slamming anyone without a good reason. But this so-called "cruise" was the most boring two hours I've spent all year. There's nothing particularly scenic about Saguaro Lake, sorry. I couldn't believe the people taking pictures right and left -- you can see far better mountain scenery driving up to Globe. Then there were the lame efforts to sell a music CD or, later, a CD of photographs taken along the shoreline. Give me a break. So I'm not recommending this cruise except for the elderly, blind or infirm. Even they might have a hard time staying awake.
5	This is a great experience!!!  Anyone visiting Arizona should do this!
4	The late cruise is a must see!!  I recommend sailing with the entertainment.
5	My wife and I take a cruise on the Desert Belle every year for her October birthday.  We get there early and have lunch in the Lakeshore Restaurant before the cruise.  We sit on the upper deck and enjoy the cool breezes that blow over the boat while the Captain points out interesting rock formations.  The crew is excellent and attends the needs of the passangers as if they were guests in their home.  If you're looking for a Cruise Ship, book on Carnival.  If you want to spend a relaxing afternoon on the water looking at some beautiful Arizona Desert senery, the Desert Belle is the way to go.  As for my wife and I, we enjoy the ride every year and will do so as long as we can.
5	Sunset cruise with entertainment! Great way to spend date nite :)
4	Who would have thought that there was a lake with boats and ski jets in the metro Phoenix area? My wife and I sailed the Desert Belle for about 90 minutes if my memory serves me correctly and enjoyed nature. There are Eagles and an assortment of wild life surrounding the lake. I thought it was cool to see a bunch of Cactus right next to the water.They serves beverages of all kinds, popcorn and other snacks. They do rent out the boat for parties. So this would be a great booze cruise. Although I'm not sure how much you can see when the sun has set. They have entertainment on the evening cruise but not on the afternoon cruise.This cruise was a nice diversion from all the other sights that are out there and is definitely worth going on a second time. Quick tip, the second deck is crowded but the lower deck is almost deserted. I don't think you see anything more by sitting upstairs.
5	Wife and I have been on three different lake boat cruise! The Desert Belle in Saguaro Lake is the best one so far!!! Some times we just need to get away, and enjoy! This is a 90 min cruise, and has some of the most beautiful scenery around! Learned a lot on this cruise, about the history and about the volcanic rocks near by. Boat holds about 147 people, 47 inside! Has a snack bar, not food!! But you can purchase food at the restaurant and bring on board!!! Snack bar is more of a bar!! lol. Has a lot of booze, with snacks. Does have water and soda! This something I am really thinking about coming back for a dinner cruise?  Over all we had a great time!
4	Definitely a great idea if you have family or friends visiting and want to show them some of the more beautiful aspects of this state!  My dad was visiting for his birthday, and being from Wisconsin, we both love the water, so without easy access to another lake (read: no boat), I decided to take him on a relaxing desert cruise.  The captain was very informative and answered everyone's questions, including what kinds of fish were in the lake.  The views were gorgeous, especially at the end when you can see the Four Peaks shimmering in the distance.  We saw a few hawks and eagles, learned about the local vegetation (including a really cool clubbed saguaro), found out when the fishing season was and enjoyed some great local beers (Four Peaks) on the boat.  The inside of the boat is climate controlled, the front gets filled up very quickly, and while the top deck is well-shaded, the end seats can get pretty hot in the warmer months.  The breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly.  Granted, it's not the most scenic or exciting thing in the world, but if you appreciate local tidbits, a calm atmosphere, and spending time on the water, you might want to check it out.(Sidenote:  They do have handicap accommodations, including a ramp to the boat deck, for what it's worth)
4	I had recently bought a Groupon and took my parents who are 71 and 72 years old and are visiting from France on their 50th Wedding Anniversary celebration on the sunset cruise this weekend. This was one of the music cruise as it featured the Southwest Surfers, which is a Beach Boys tribute band. My parents absolutely loved it!!... The scenery, being out on the water in Arizona, the slow pace of the cruise, the late afternoon light, the 60s music... That was heaven for them and the perfect outing. Thank you!
5	Really beautiful 90 minute nature cruise. We went on Sunday morning May 5th. It's a real deal at $20.00 and we had an Entertainment Book Coupon for Buy One Get One Free. Bald Eagle nest with babies & rare Crested Saguaro. Priceless. The captain and crew are great and they have a little snack and drink bar. They play the song "I Love You Arizona" and it is really touching. Very fun time - Highly recommended.
3	We went for my Wife's birthday.  We arrived at around 5:10 PM, and boarded at 5:30 PM.  There was one family and one single in front of us.  We purchased the priority boarding tickets.  And then a tour group of about twenty came by at 5:28 PM, and the tour leader announced to everyone that the tour group would be boarding first.  So much for priority boarding.  Although, the tour group was a bunch of old people who all sat on the lower deck and we were the first group to find the stairs to the top deck.  The boat filled up before we departed at around 6:00 PM.  Everything went according to schedule.  I purchased my wife and I some lime margaritas, which came in this Capri Sun like drink containers and consisted of lime syrup, ice, and alcohol.  My wife didn't finish hers, and one was all I could handle.  The drink menu is rather limited and you can't bring your own.  The food menu at the restaurant and on the boat is also rather limited and you can't bring your own.  Venture on the summer tour at your own risk.  It was tolerably hot with direct sun most of the voyage.  The band was nice, and much preferred to narration.
4	This cruise was so much fun! The fare was a good price and for a 90-minute cruise, was well worth it. Who knew a man-made lake could one, be so large and two, be so beautiful?!!Light snacks and drinks were served and at two dollars for beer or wine, the happy hour specials were great!The cruise was a great way to spend the evening and gorgeous views could be seen from all sides of the boat.Check out my pics from the cruise!
4	I came to know this place through Groupon. I thought i would give a try. After my trip i felt like i found one more nice place to show my friends visiting  phoenix. Here are my comments:Pros: Decent Cruise, Flexible cruise times, closest getaway from phoenix with friends, friendly staff, Informative tour guide(I didn't listen much to him though ;)).Cons: they only accept cash for snacks and beverages.
5	Saguaro lake marina offers a wonderful treat for everyone who enjoys touristy trips. The Desert Bell has regular day sightseeing trips but it also offers musical entertainment trips also.  I sailed with the Southwest Surfers. These guys were so much fun. Everyone on the boat rocked and thank goodness, the boat is stable because with all the fun we were all having, the boat would have tipped over.  They entertained us with the music of the beach boys, but managed to throw in many songs from other artist's as well. They encouraged everyone to sing along and we all had a hard time sitting still. The boat does not offer a space for dancing but if you really want to move to the grove, just get up and do it. Saguaro Lake is not that far and the location of the lake is magnificent. The mountains surrounding the marina are also beautiful and at sunset, "wow" is the only way I can describe the scenery. After the ride, my date and I ate at the Lakeshore Restaurant. The food is very good. I had the Walleye; excellent is all I can say. My date had the Prime Rib and I never seen a cut of meat that was the size of his steak, and it was very tender. You get roasted veggies and a choice of side. We shared strawberry shortcake that I am surprised we could finish because of the size, but if you like to eat, sometimes size does not always matter. I want to also mention the service, our server had a very genuine smile, she was very personable. In the least amount of words for this dinner review, I can say that the food was tasty and wonderful, service was great and the atmosphere had a little romance. Actually, the entire trip was romantic, weather you are on a first date or it is a date night with a loved one. We can all use a little romance so I would say go and enjoy this little out of the way place. It is worth the drive.
5	We've been here for 20 years and this was our first trip out to Saguaro Lake. Seriously, what is wrong with us? It is absolutely gorgeous out there and the Desert Belle Cruise last Saturday evening was beautiful. The sun was setting, the lake was calm, and the piano player was magical. I don't know his name but his music truly made the trip. I cannot wait to bring friends and family down here for another round sometime soon. Lovely, simply lovely. Oh, and make reservations - it was packed.
4	Love coming to this trip. Every time I get visitors from out of state, this becomes one of the destinations. The staff is very friendly and the narrator is super knowledgeable about the area and animals. Come a bit early to get your tickets if you didn't buy them online. The snack and water in the boat is super affordable unlike other boat rides.
5	Last Sunday I took a Foreign Exchange student from Germany on the cruise.  We bought lunch in the Restaurant, which had a wide selection on their menu.  We took the food on the Desert Belle.  I have lived her almost all my life and I too learned so much.  She was "so surprised that there was water in the Desert".  It was a good value for the money.  I also bought a disk of pictures, which didn't work and they are sending another.  I had forgotten my camera so was happy to be able to buy the pictures for $5.00 and the proceeds go to Phoenix Children's Hospital.Eileen Klecka
5	AMAZING! Lake in the desert does exist. Went on a Monday afternoon while in town (from Chicago) visiting a friend. Near perfect weather - Sunny, Bright Blue Skies. Great price. Learned about Desert Belle via Groupon. Didn't use- offer was no longer available. Capt. Geno, who also narrates is GREAT, learned alot from him, very entertaining and it's nice to have someone narrate who really enjoys what they do. He's such a good narrator that you wish the trip were alot longer. 90 minutes not long enough. Desert Bell Crew is awesome. Very friendly and professional. Food, Drinks (alcoholic, Non-alcoholic, Water) available for purchase on board. No music when we were on board. It also wasn't packed, so moving around wasn't an issue. Most people sat atop. Started there but moved down below to the front and glad we did. Better view, IMO from that location. We did see a few Big Horn Sheep on Cliffs overlooking the lake. They along with Eagles are not uncommon on this trip. Recommendations: Buy ticket(s) in advance online via their websiteArrive at least 30 minutes before departure. Bring: Cash, Sunscreen, Hat, CameraGood for the entire family.
