5	Superb experience. Top notch customer service and know how from Scott Zeigler. Painless process, zero pressure, awesome deal. The rest of the staff was also very polite and pleasant. Thank you to John as well.
5	In need of something with very sexy fuel economy because there are two gas guzzlers in my garage, I make the rounds at the used car departments at large dealerships in Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix and Peoria.I've got a cash deal to offer for something cheap and economical and I want to be around $13k out the door. Bait and switch at one dealership. Astronomical retail prices at another. Nothing in the inventory w/ under 100k miles in my price range at another place. Trying too hard to convince me to finance when I have cash and lying about attempting to run a credit app at the last dealership I visited. Private party deals prove to be flakes, want to trade vehicles or total BS.After two weeks of searching, I was discouraged. Then I researched Hertz Car Sales program. I did A LOT of reading, looked over a ton of information and customer feedback and decided that it's the best option for my particular needs.They price their vehicles for a no-haggle deal. They offer coupons for $300- $1000 off the purchase price online. You get enough Hertz Gold points for a week's rental if you buy here, too. Scott was great from the start of our email communication to when I drove off of the lot with my new (new to me) and very miserly 34 mpg average car. He still owes me some floor mats and a small interior trim piece that were missing from the car at the time of sale, so I will be following up this review with that outcome, but I was shocked at the great selection of cars and how easy this transaction was.Hertz should work well for you if A) you want a no-frills second or third/fourth car B) you don't mind a car with (relatively) higher mileage C) you hate the nebulous pricing and car salesman/woman games D) you have your own cash/financing.
4	Awesome experience purchasing my VW Jetta from Hertz Car Sales.  John Fliss made purchasing a car and enjoyable experience. He was prepared with a list of available vehicles that I was interested in seeing along with more possibilities.  I was able to test drive as many as I liked until I eventually found my vehicle.  The sales and financing associates were professional and expedient in finding what I was looking for.  Hertz Car Sales is a dealership I would gladly recommend and continue purchasing from.
5	Update: got the interior trim piece and the floor mats from Scott as he promised a few weeks back. Very satisfied with the service from Hertz Car Sales and now looking into booking a vacation to use the free week in a rental from Hertz.
1	The ONLY reason it gets a star is because of the helpfulness when I purchased my car. I purchased a car here a week ago today. Yesterday my engine light was going on and off so I took it in to get looked at. Today I found out that I was sold a car with a faulty engine and was under manufacturers warranty. Ford agreed to fix it for free per the warranty but a rental car for the week I would be without it was not included. We called hertz where we purchased the car and Steve, the manager, pretty much told us they were unable to help. Later that night we checked our contract and if my car had needed service (as it did) they were to provide a rental car and roadside assistance. I received neither. I am so disappointed in my cars condition as well as the customer service of "management." I do not recommend buying a car here without getting it properly examined before doing so. Hopefully corporate hertz can help more than this location did....
1	I bought a 2013 Ford Fiesta from this dealership one week ago. The process for buying the car was excellent. The no-haggle pricing and efficiency of Scott, the salesman was refreshing. However, today, the engine failed and needs to be replaced. I spoke to the supervisor, Rick, who was not apologetic or willing to help me with a rental car, despite the promise they make when you buy a hertz "certified" vehicle. He told me to read my paperwork and I will see they aren't obligated to help me with a rental (not true- page 8 of certified information booklet states otherwise). Fortunately, after writing these reviews and contacting corporate offices, Dale, the GM was able to help me. He filed the claim for my rental reimbursement.Although the buying experience was good, their response to this issue is extremely poor.
4	They have a desent selection of cars. But most importantly the staff was just super nice and patient with me. Buying a car is a huge investment and they get that. They want you to be confident and happy. The atmosphere there is friendly and laid back. Thank you Dan and Dale! The only reason I have ten four starts is small things like I only have one set of keys.
5	What a refreshing difference from other sleazy dealerships in the area (ABC Nissan).  We were a little leery of purchasing a car from Hertz, but it was a great experience.  We looked at their website at first to check the inventory for our wants and needs.  There were multiple vehicles that fit our family, all at very competitive prices.  John Fliss was the salesman that worked with us at the dealership.  He was helpful, patient, and most importantly honest with us.  We were able to test drive five different cars without any pressure or games.  We finally purchased a great car with very low mileage.  No haggling, no games, no hidden fees, no pressure.  With great credit, we were even able to get better financing through the dealership than our own bank.  This is how car buying should be.  We got a fair deal without stress and frustration.  Thank you John and Dale, we will keep you in mind when we need to replace our second car.
5	I just purchased a 2012 Jeep Liberty from Hertz and so far, no complaints whatsoever. John the salesperson, was great to work with. He even picked me up from my apartment in Chandler as I couldn't get a ride to their lot on a Saturday when I was to pick it up. I placed a deposit of a thousand dollars and they held the vehicle for me until I returned back to AZ from NM. I spent time at other big dealerships and hated the constant pressure and salespeople who would  not let me leave without giving me the "What do we need to do to get you in this car today" speech. There was absolutely no pressure and the vehicle looks and runs great. It was also about $1000 less than anything comparable I saw at other lots. I'd dfinitely buy fom Hertz again.
5	hertz is great! Very accommodating and had great deals. Even bought us jimmy johns while processing our paper work :)
5	I'll try to keep this short. I've done a year's worth of research before buying here. I've been jerked around at multiple lots. There are so many fees that other places add into the price of the vehicle. NONE of that here. My salesman, Scott, basically handed me keys to whatever car I wanted to look at and left me alone. I was in and out in right about 2 hours. That includes multiple test drives, financing, and paperwork.I already mentioned this, but if you aren't as experienced at buying cars, pay attention. Other dealerships do NOT post their true price online. Unless you qualify for every discount they offer, you won't get that price. Oh, and some of those special discounts are impossible to combine. You can't be a 1st time buyer and qualify for a repeat customer discount, but they'll sure throw both discounts in the advertised price. Did you go through your own bank to get financing instead of using the dealership to get you financed? Add $1,000 to the price. One dealership wanted to me to pay $500 for floor mats and window tint for a used car. The dealership didn't add these items, they came with the car when it was traded in, but I had to pay $500. Another dealership wanted to charge me $2800 in hidden fees for vehicle reconditioning. Yes they wanted me to pay for the maintenance on the vehicle, before i owned it. If you are looking for a pre-owned vehicle and don't want to get hosed, come to this place. Notice the 1 star reviews about this place. All of them have the same thing in common, THE WARRANTY COVERED THE REPAIR. That is all I need to know.
5	This place is exceptional. If you want to buy a car and want to be left in peace while you shop, then this is the place. First off, John Fliss, is a great Hertz representative. He ensures that you are happy with what you are getting and even works toward getting you the bet deal. And, I do not mean, that he goes to the back and asks his manager a million times how to settle the deal. I mean, he sits down with YOU and asks YOU what YOU want. It was great.COMPARISON:Nissan Dealership in Mesa: Walked in with a picture and information for a 2010 Sentra ($10,998). This lady literally brings back a brand new 2015 Versa ($17,000). What a nightmare it was. Four hours spent there and left without a car.Hertz Car Sales Phoenix: Walked in with a picture and information for a 2012 Nissan Sentra. HE TOOK ME DIRECTLY TO THE VEHICLE. It was such a nice feeling to have someone care enough to just show me the car I WANT to buy. Instead of jerking you around like they do at other dealerships.Overall, great place to do business! Thanks JOHN!!!!!
