5	This is a store that you really can't beat. it reminds me of the variety stores that I used to go to when I was a kid that had a little bit of everything.  The location isn't fancy-an old strip center-but I am not going in there for fancy.  You see the same staff, young and older, when you go in and they get to know you.  This is one of those stores you can walk in not knowing quite what you need (speaking from personal experience) and they will make real effort to find it for you. They are always up to date on what they have in stock and have some pretty good "true value discounts."  They also carry some of those things you don't think are made any more or what you'd expect to have to find in a specialty store. I didn't even know that they make plastic screws, did you ?  I know if I can't find it at Koller's, I might as well just go to Home Depot because only a really big store is going to have what I want.I personally prefer to support smaller stores. I like the convenience of getting what I want and getting out easily.  I also appreciate the fact that the people at Koller's do appreciate my business and remember who I am.  This is a nice place, for a hardware store, to write a review about.One tip.  There is parking in the back which saves you from having to hope there is a space open in the front-saves time!.
5	Koller's True Value is OPEN FOR BUSINESS! The unfortunate fire that closed most of the businesses at the NW corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home (Richardson's, Luci's, Dick's Hideaway) spared this old-fashioned hardware store. By far the best hardware store in the Valley, this store is packed to the gills and has just about everything you could possibly need, including eco-friendly options.  If you can't find it, ask the very accommodating staff.
4	Love this location, it is nice not to have to go to Home Depot for everything and it is centrally located and the employees all know where everything is so finding things go quickly.  Parking does blow here but I am grateful there is a location here to save me when i need just a little something real quick.
5	Koller may be a tad pricier than your average hardware store, but I will gladly pay more for the exceptional service they provide. I just moved in to a new place and I have been here 3 times in the last week. Every time I walk in someone is there to help. The guys there love showing me where things are located or offering advice on my many home improvement projects. They are solid and make me glad that I can support a local business over a major conglomerate (That's right Home Depot I 'm talking to you).It is not the largest store, but they seem to carry everything I need.  There is plenty of parking in the back and no one seems to know about it (well, until now that is).
5	Okay, I'm writing this review and giving them five stars because I love that this place still exists in the heart of big-box hell.  I want to pick this place up and smack Chandler with it, then go to Anthem and kick some ass.    I try to go here every time I need a household item, and even if they dont' have it, I love interacting with the crusty old guys who work there, who are not just crusty, but pretty knowledgable.  If they don't have it, they know where I can get it and once even called another store to check and see.  That's service.To the person who was yelled at for parking in their spot: it says in huge letters on the spot that it's for Koller.  You should feel privileged to be yelled at by these retail heroes, who despite the $10 margaritas and $6 smoothies offered next door, still exist and provide you with a local alternative to the Home Despot.    I love these guys, especially the one with the ruler/suspenders, and I'll continue to shop here as long as they fight off the big boys.
5	A REAL hardware store with people who are knowledgeable!!  10 Stars for Koller...the only thing I wish they had were squeaky hardwood floors.
3	Koller's is conveniently located and I'm happy to support a local business for my hardware needs. But I find that the staff while helpful aren't overly pleasant. I guess I just need to get over myself but considering that I could go to Home Depot and pay less, I would expect a little more enthusiasm from the staff. Like I said, I'll get over it but I patronize as many local businesses as I can and one of the main reasons that I love to do it is because I usually know that my business is appreciated.
3	The prices seem kind of high and variation of product seems to be low.  I like the place overall since its close.
4	I have been to this store more times than I can count through the years.Sometimes for tools and supplies, sometimes for hobby related items (rocks for my gas grill, oil for my tiki torches, clamp lights as a cheap way to illuminate my backyard during parties, etc.) and sometimes to get keys made.Every time, I've had good service from the staff who really knows their inventory.I really appreciate not having to deal with the parking lots and large crowds of the larger competitors. My time is valuable to me. And when I just need a few quick items, it is such a huge benefit to have Koller True Value right down the street!Long live the independent hardware store!
5	This is a great hardware store in terms of service, products, and their convenient location. From the outside it looks small, but it's bigger than it looks. They have a large variety of products and the staff is super helpful and attentive. I much prefer to shop here than the big box hardware stores. They always have what I need and they didn't bat an eye when I brought my basset hound in with me once.
4	This is the quintessential neighborhood hardware store - I go here at least a few times monthly.  The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about most things.  The selection is usually good, but sometimes you cannot avoid Home Depot, depending on the project!  My only advice would be to give it a chance and learn the store layout before making any judgement calls!  Beats Ace Hardware all day!
