1	This review is written based on my experience with the SALES DEPARTMENT only.  I have had no contact with parts or service.According to the salesman we dealt with today, this very pretty dealership has only been open for 18 days.  That could be why there is no signage on the back side of the property that actually backs up to the 215.  Either way, it's pretty foolish if you ask me.I pulled in driving a Mercedes and 3 salesmen swarmed my car -- no joke.  I wanted to leave right then, but my boyfriend wanted to see what they had.  The salesman who tagged us by being the first to talk to us was pretty aggressive from the get go.  He wanted us inside sitting down before even taking a look at a single car.  We were both offered water, but everyone does that these days.My boyfriend is in the market for either a used Beetle or Jetta, but we both thought their used inventory was all overpriced.We won't be going back.
5	I am so pleased with both the sales and service departments.Service Dept- I purchased a used VW Jetta from another dealership and brought it to this VW for service. They were so friendly and helpful. Bruce answered all of my questions, put me in a loaner, and called me daily with updates until my car was fixed. My car was dropped off on a Saturday to get a bew transmission and we picked her up Wednesday night, even though the tranni had to come from out of state.Sales Dept-  My fiance traded in his truck the night we went to pick up my VW from being serviced. He walked out with a VW GTI. We bought from Angela Greeley and she was great. We had a lot of questions and anything we needed, she addressed. From test drive, to trade in, financing, thru walk around of the new car, everything seemed to be easy breezy and we never felt pressured. In the future, we will be going here for all of our VW servicing. I highly recommend them above Findlay Henderson or Desert for any of your VW needs.
4	Prior to this location opening, I would drive to Henderson Findlay for service over Desert so I was glad to learn a closer option was available.  My experience is with the service department.    My car was out of commission for a couple weeks because of a window issue and the part was on back order.  The service department kept me apprised every few days about what was going on and called me immediately to schedule an appointment when it came in, and at that time I was given a loaner car for a couple of days.  In fact, I think they put you in a nicer loaner with all the bells and whistles to suck you into buying a new vehicle.  Nice try, Findlay!
5	Thankfully a VW dealership is in the north west! We traded in our SUV for a brand new passat and couldn't be happier. We worked directly with Ron Waite, who knew the ins and outs of VW. We felt very comfortable, never pressured, and walked away happy for once in our 5 years in Las Vegas dealing with a car dealership. This dealer is great if you are looking for an awesome, extremely reliable car, go for German made, and ask for Ron!!
5	Having recently relocated to Las Vegas we were at a bit of a disadvantage as we know no one and couldn't rely on a first hand referral for a car dealership or salesperson. Findlay North is near by so we took a chance and walked in.Very pleased with our experience, Ron W. was our salesperson and he did a great job in working with us and doing his job as a salesperson. Not too much pressure, understood where we were in the buying process and respected that (you don't get that from a lot of salespeople). Ron's been doing this for awhile and is truly a Sales Professional who's in it for the long haul. Also worked with Cory G. the Sales Manager, similar experience with Cory.The car we wanted wasn't in stock, they found it for us in less than 24 hours and we got the car for pretty much what we asked for. No difficult negotiation and at the end of the day I feel it was an equitable deal for both parties.So, if you're in the market for a car based on my first experience with Findlay I can recommend them. Hopefully we won't have to deal with service other than regular maintenance, but when we do I'll be sure to update. If you go in be sure to ask for Ron W. he'll take good care of you. Tell him "Pearl" sent you, he'll know who we are.
5	Findlay definitely changed it up...  I went in and handled everything for my mom to buy a car.  I recommend seeing Conrad for new car sales.  No pressure and totally easy to deal with.  It's people like him that take the stress out of buying a car.
1	Had a pretty typical experience, salesman being a hapless middle man for the negotiations, finance guy trying to upsell us on warranties that were overpriced and not needed. Basically trying to squeeze every last nickel out of us while holding us hostage, you know, the usual. The one thing was that the salesman was hyper-focused on having us fill out a survey and giving him good marks. We were barely into the negotiations when he started bringing it up. Every time we would make a counter offer he would looked confused like he just took a bong hit, scurry off to the man behind the curtain and come back with yet another unreasonable offer. Every time in again on his stupid survey. I told him I didn't care to fill it out and he looked panic stricken. He asked if my wife who was on the phone with our insurance would fill it out and I warned that she was about at the end of her rope, that it wouldn't be a good idea., as soon as she hung up he was begging her to fill it out. Anyway we got a 2013 Golf which we love and I get an email containing the survey so I filled it out in great detail listing all the areas of improvement I thought they might consider. I was honest and my comments were fairly brutal but they were the truth, real constructive criticism. The next day I happened to notice that there was no place to put my front license plate on the car but there was a bracket in the trunk so I called my salesman to see if I could get them to put it on since I am a proud veteran with veteran plates I wanted to display them on both ends of my new car. He launched into me about how come I killed him on his stupid survey and how he was going to lose money because of me. I asked about the front plate bracket but he was only interested in arguing about the survey. I told him I was sorry but that was how I felt and we ended the conversation. He made a point to call me right back and tell me the shop would not install the bracket, to do it myself or pay someone else to do it. Don't make such a huge deal about your survey if you can't handle the truth. Real class act Findlay.
1	Ok this review might be a bit lengthy but I feel the need to warn others, especially young people that are buying their first car & aren't too sure what to expect. So my family is military and we do everything pretty much through USAA. They have this pretty cool car buying service where they can give you a quote on a car and you can print out the certificate to take to the dealership and they'll even contact the dealership, to let them know. So I went online found a good deal on a Jetta and got my certificate. I received a call from the dealership. I let them know that I didn't have the best credit and didn't plan on putting done much of a down payment, so before I went in I wanted to know if they think they could possibly approve me. The guy who called said he was pretty sure that he could and asked for some of my info so he could she if I could get pre qualifies before coming in. I agreed. He then called me back and stated that he could get my qualified. I went to the dealership and found out the model I told him I wanted they didn't even have, well they claimed they didn't have, and wanted to sell me a more expensive one. They said it wouldn't be too much out of my budget for what I wanted my payments to be. Before that though, they tried to get me to look at several other used cars that I didn't like. I agreed to maybe looking at a used Jetta but I knew already that I wanted a Jetta for sure. So finally they bring out the upgraded model. I did like it and agrees to see what the pricing would be. So 1st they came back and asked for a big down payment, after I already told them I didn't have it, and the payment was almost about a 100 over what I said I wanted. I want back and forth with them for a while. Then once I was stressed out and ready to go all of a sudden they said they had the original Jetta I asked for and could give me a better payment. We went back and forth for a while and I decided I needed to go home and think about it. My parents were suppose to be helping me out w/ the car as far as paying for it soI wanted to talk to my mom 1st. Unfortunately they are currently stationed in Korea so they couldn't be here to actually go w/ me. in the morning I received an email from the dealer saying if I can back they'd also take care of my 1st yrs registration and tint my windows. So I told my mom the whole deal, so she agreed that I should go back. Went back and the problems began. 1st they tried to say that, they couldn't throw in the registration or tint because they were giving me such a discount. BULLSHIT! We went back and forth, then I called me my mom and she was pissed and felt they tricked me into goin there just to play around w/ me. She knew a guy at the automation Volkswagen & she called him up told him about what was happening and he said that dealership always does things like that to people, so she told me to leave and go to the other one. Once I was going to leave then they started agreeing to give me everything I wanted. But my mom was like no they're shady just go toThe other place. I asked them who it was they were financing me through anyways and they claimed it was straight through Volkswagen. So mom was like yea definitely just go over to the other one. They kept trying to pressure me to just sign the Deal, they were very aggressive and underline rude. And said if I left they were not going to honor anything if I came back but the other VW already said they would match all the perks. So I decided to take my moms advice and leave. When I got over to automation, I explained the situation. The manager there called Volkswagens financing and come to find out Findlay hadn't even really gotten an approval through them!!!!! I was so upset!!! So basically they were trying to get me to sign and take the car and then call me back in so many days and try to tell me something went wrong w/ the loan and my interest was going to be more or that I would have to put more money down or something!!!! How shady is that?!!! They just seen I was a young female that never bought a car and tries to take advantage of me. The salesmen at Findlay was actually very nice but the managers and the financing people are terrible!! I highly recommend to stir clear of this place!!! There was even more terrible things that they said and did but this pretty much sums it all up. This place deserve stars in the negative!
4	Went in for our 30 day checkup and was relieved that the shop seems to be run very well. Buying the car was not the most pleasant experience but now that part is over Im looking forward to dealing with the service department, even got a courtesy wash. The shop staff were friendly and professional
5	My new VW Dealer!!!I have to say these guys were great. I brought my car in from Desert VW on Sahara because I was on the 5th time for the same problem. They made sure I was taken care of as soon as I could. They diagnosed my car within an hour and half. They checked on me and were great. Bruce the gentleman who was in charge my car was wonderful and so nice, even though I must have seemed like a basketcase because I was upset from my previous dealings at Desert VW.I will happily drive further to go to this VW.  I am so happy they have opened, and they now have a new and very happy customer!!
1	My used car was ready to take home 3 days later than Findlay North PROMISED it would be ready when we were in discussion. By the time it was delivered, I had left for a trip out of the country. Their lie was extremely unprofessional and caused much inconvenience to continuously have to call the dealership to hear that to they had lied to me and my car would not be ready before I left the country for my trip. The manager fed me a bunch of crap about the price that was different from what I had agreed to with the salesman. In addition, there are multiple scratches on the hood of the car. Every other dealership that I have ever bought a used car from has had the decency to fix up scratches before giving it to the customer- further showing me why I should not do business with Findlay North.It is completely unacceptable for a reputable dealership to lie to customers and offer such poor quality, which is probably why their customer parking lot was completely empty. I am a fan of Volkswagen cars, but I will be servicing my vehicle and purchasing future vehicles from any VW dealership OTHER than Findlay North. I will be letting my family and friends know about the service I received.
5	I had taken my 2004 Jetta in for service and found myself scoping out the inventory while I waited. I wasn't planning to buy, but the salesperson, Ron, said he would give me a good deal. What I wanted was a new Jetta with the same equipment as my old one, to trade in my 2004 (which had long been paid off), to put no money down, and to walk away with a car payment under $249. It took some haggling, but I drove away in a new car and got everything I'd asked for. Ron Waite is wonderful to deal with and when I'm ready to go back I will only buy a car from him. Taking my car in for its regular "check ups" has been easy and pleasant too. Service staff is friendly and courteous. In all, I'm glad Findlay North is on my side of town.
1	This is one of those cases where I would give -10 stars if I could.  I would consider the service department to be thieves especially Alex.  Had my car towed their after it was completely dead after replacing a battery for a second time within a few months.  Alex informs me that in order to even perform a diagnostic I need a new battery for $200 because a charge alone won't give it enough to do this.  I'm no mechanic but how can a dealership not jump it or doesn't have a battery lying around to test it.  Since the batter was brand new and still under warranty this didn't seem right to me so I had it towed elsewhere.  When I arrived to pick it up lo and behold he drove what I thought was a car that couldn't hold a charge around to the front of the service department.  WTF!  He also tried to charge me for a diagnostic which I never agreed to since they said they couldn't do it without my purchasing a new battery.  After the car was towed to what will be my forever mechanic now for my Beetle he said I don't understand why the dealership couldn't see that simple fix and the battery is fine and doesn't need replacing.   All that was wrong was loose battery cables.  And on top of that he charged me nothing.  Findlay NV has lost a customer for life and I will warn everyone I know to stay away from this Stealership!ETA:  While I appreciate James C responding I don't see how it is relevant because my battery was never dead or bad in the first place.  Since having it towed to a reputable mechanic I have been driving the car ever since without incident.  I am just glad they didn't get my $200 and whatever else they might have tried to charge in addition to that had I let them keep my car.
5	Our experience was nothing short of exemplary! From Julius in Sales to Gabe in Finance. We have never experienced such personalized service that made us feel like royalty. The time Julius spent with us test driving a car, and keeping my daughter focused on what she can afford was much appreciated!  Gabe the finance manager; took his time to educated us on all the perks of leasing. We took a month to shop around; after dealing with a Honda dealership, Carmax and other lots we felt rushed and like cattle. At Findlay you felt like family. No rush, no pressure just pure family. I've already recommended Findlay 5 times. What an amazing experience. What an amazing crew! Thank you!
5	Ok
5	Ok
5	exceptional assistance!  bought a VW and had a trip to San Diego planned.  An unexpected issue brought me to a stalled vehicle on the side of I-15 just outside of Primm.  The dealer sent someone over to me with a loaner vehicle to drive to San Diego for the weekend and remained there in order to ensure I got on the road while they waited for the tow truck.  Immediately upon my return after a weekend down South, they had a brand new VW waiting for me.  These folks are true professionals.
5	I had to bring my VW in for some warranty work (faulty intake manifold) and was helped by Alex. He was extremely nice and helpful. I usually HATE going to dealerships to get any work done, but this experience may make me less reluctant to get my 50k tune done through these guys.
5	Ok
1	Terrible service huge turn over in staff hired all young inexp kids service manager could care less.  Asked to speak to general manager and service manager they refused to even talk to me . Was a simple fix they could have done now it's a major issue and this is after I bought two brand new cars from them in past 12 months and was considering buying a third ! Not now ! Hopefully auto nation has better service ! Something happened up there as a lot of staff were there for years and did a fantastic job and now they are all gone! Nice to know after spending 60 k they care so much! NOT! And Volkswagon corporate says tgey are powerless to help as it's dealers discretion! According to Volkswagon the dealer can not follow service manual recommended and it's ok . The have made 6 servicing errors in basic service so far.
3	I wasn't going to do a review, but it seems like every month something new is wrong with my car. We bought it in June and Mr. Cross and the finance guy were really helpful that's why I gave 3 stars. I was always scared to drive and finally at 35 I got my license and I always wanted a beetle so my husband found a make there that I really liked. We bought it used and As- Is, it was fine off the lot, but I hate that we've spent hundreds of dollars to fix things and still are having brake problems and door problems. You guys kind of turned my dream car into a nightmare. Which really sucks.
3	Volkswagon corporate called Larry and he refused any help told them his guys would never make errors I asked to speak to you and was told you were too busy
1	So my husband calls to tell all the problems that have gone on with the car. They said that we've had the car for 3 months and they can't help us because they don't know what we did to the car. First off the window just rolled down and wouldn't come up just weeks after we bought it. Who drives a car in monsoon season with your window broke. Then the door just all of a sudden stopped locking, the battery died, brakes don't work well, and the pedals aren't working either. Oh yeah the radio doesn't work and part of the interior lights don't work either. We would've been better off going to a hole in the wall dealership. I hate this car and the fact that you've guys already been paid by the finance company upsets me because I'm stuck with it....
1	On Friday September 12th I initially came in for a price estimate on 100,000 mile service. Larry Tinnin the service manager greeted me and I requested a cost estimate. He went in the service bays and came back. When he returned he quoted me $800 for 100k mile service on my 09 Touareg and stated the transmission needed to be serviced. I questioned the transmission service, then went to my vehicle to retrieve the owners manual. In the owners manual it doesn't list any transmission service at 100,000 miles. Only DSG transmission at 80,000 miles.  I showed this to Larry and he dismissed his lack of knowledge to "well that's why it is good to have your book".Larry in turn had me speak to Alex Harris, a service advisor. Alex walked with me out to my vehicle to retrieve the VIN.(I have had every service on my car performed by Findlay North since this dealership opened.) Alex pulled up the service by the VIN which confirmed I did not need a transmission service. Alex printed out the service and cost. Larry told me Alex would be in on Monday when I wanted to drop off my vehicle.Monday September 15th I came in the morning to drop off my vehicle. Alex wasn't there, instead I was greeted by Daniel Grossardt. Daniel told me that Alex would not be in today. I provided Daniel with the print out of the service estimate Alex had provided. I told him this is what I wanted performed on my vehicle. A few hours later Daniel called me and stated I needed the transmission to be serviced on my vehicle. I provided him with the background conversations I had with Larry and Alex. I stated the transmission service was done during the 80k mile scheduled maintenance. Daniel told me how the transmission was never serviced at 80k miles and I needed to have it serviced now. I was very upset. I asked Daniel to pull up the records on the 80k mile service since it was performed at their dealership. I told him I wanted to know exactly what was done and what I paid for. He stated he looked it up and I had oil change, cabin filter, inspection, and tire rotation for $700. There was never a transmission service. I told him I wanted to speak to the service manager. He stated the manager was unavailable and he would have him call me back. Larry Tinnin called me a little while later. Larry told me the transmission needs to be serviced and it was never serviced at 80k miles. I asked him why not? I brought the vehicle in to his dealership for it's 80k mile service. I paid for an 80k mile service and expected that to be done. Larry argued with me that the 80k mile service was done, but not the transmission and it needed to be done now. When I asked Larry why it wasn't done at 80k he told me that he had no knowledge of the discussions I had with Bruce the service advisor at the time. He stated bruce no longer works there and I may have declined the transmission service he doensn't know. I proceeded to tell Larry I didn't come to the dealership to see Bruce, I came to Findlay VW where he is a manager of the service department and it isn't my problem that Bruce doesn't work there. There is no record of me declining service, becuase I never did. I bring my vehicle to a dealership because I am supposed to trust the dealer to know what I need. I should be able to come in and say "I want an 80k mile service" and they perform the service and charge me accordingly. Larry continued to argue with me and stated the only option was for them to do the service now and how I should trust him that they will do what is needed. I felt I had been ripped off. I tolf Larry not to touch my vehicle, I didn't trust them and I would pick it up after work. Around 6pm I arrived at Findlay North Volkswagen and was greeted by Daniel. Daniel proceeded to tell me, he has good news. The transmission service they had been trying to get me to purchase was for a DSG transmission which my vehicle doesn't have. The reason it never showed up in any records as being performed is because it isn't needed. So if I wouldn't have questioned the service department on the service history of my vehicle and why they were trying to charge me for this I would have paid over $500 for work that wasn't needed. That would be like going to a Dr and having surgery you didn't need. Findlay Volkswagen has lost all of my trust they built over the years. The lack of knowledge on the product almost led to a significant amount of overcharge for maintenance that was never needed. I can only imagine how many others come in to the service department and end up paying money for service that isn't needed. This is completely inexcusable. I have never received any acknowledgment from the service manager on their mistake. Not only is the service department suffering from a lack of product knowledge, the service manager doesn't have any customer service skills.
4	This is a review for the service department. They were all fantastic. After a bad experience at a different Volkswagen place, I drove up here with no appointment. Was greeted by a very nice gentleman at my car, took my information, and told me how long it would be. They were right on time. After a break in their customer waiting area, which was pretty nice, I was back on the road. Just a nice, stressless experience.To boot, I received a follow-up call asking me about my service, then a letter survey, then a notification of a free two-month trial of Sirius radio in my car. I'm certainly a customer for as long as I have my Volkswagen, and the warrant is in effect. Not sure what their prices are otherwise compared to any private repair shops, so I guess we'll wait a few years to update this review. :)
1	The lack of respect for customers is astounding. While waiting for my service to be completed on my car, I witness a gentleman who was upset about his car. A certified pre-owned Jetta he bought about six months already had the battery die. Instead of offering to give some kind of discount or  anything, three employees decided to berate him. Then a couple minutes later multiple employees were loudly making fun of him. Once my free service is done with VW, I will not take my car there again. And I would never buy a car from these people!
1	We bought my wife's certified pre owned 2012 Jetta in March of 2014. The car had less than 20k miles and we really liked it. The buying experience was pretty good and our salesman did an excellent job of making us feel at ease about our purchase. Unfortunately, the great experience ended there. Yesterday the car failed to start. It's never fun when something like this happens, but we certainly didn't expect this to happen with less than one year of ownership. We jump started the car and took it in to the service department. It was there that I was told that the certified pre owned warranty (which they touted when they sold us the car) wouldn't cover the replacement of the battery. I spoke to a couple of the managers there and they tried to play the "batteries only last two years out here" card. It was pretty funny considering I've lived here my whole life and have had several cars with batteries that have lasted 6 plus years. They were pretty disinterested in standing behind the VW brand, so I agreed to replace the battery and pay the $160 they quoted me. About an hour later, the service guy told me that the battery was okay and just needed a charge at no cost. Relief right? Wrong. I drove the car home and a couple hours later it wouldn't start up again. So not only do they not stand behind their brand, they're also incompetent. I'm just glad I went home and avoided being stranded somewhere else. Bottom line, the staff at Findlay North VW are extremely unimpressive and in this case negligent. A car being certified pre owned means nothing and when given an opportunity to show how proud they are of their vehicles, they'd rather hassle the customer and do a piss poor job of solving the problem. This experience has really left a bad taste in my mouth. I will no longer take my cars to Findlay North. I'd rather drive across town than deal with these guys. We will also probably never buy a VW again. We've been loyal VW owners for over ten years, but this situation and the way they handled it has pushed us to consider another brand. I have minimal confidence in the quality of the cars and zero confidence in the abilities of VW employees. I would not recommend a VW to anyone and I certainly wouldn't recommend going to Findlay North.
5	The service department at Findlay North VW is great! Everyone is very friendly and informative. I would recommend this dealership to all my friends and family!
5	I had a great experience here, Emanuel is a very good service advisor. Thank you Findlay for your great customer service!
5	What an awesome service department this dealership has. We have 3 Volkswagens, all serviced and bought there. Jeff the lead tech always take time from his busy schedule to talk to me and my wife when we come in. He a total hoot and really knows what the hell he is doing! I swear if Jeff leaves we will to. After reading some of these views on this dealership I will say, things happen and you can't please everyone. We bought a certified vw a few years back, it says in the book that battery's are not covered. Read the book people! I also wanna add dealerships may be a few dollars more for repairs, however they know what to look for at certain mileage for things that are known to go bad, findlay north will never sell you something you done need!
5	Great customer experience here. I have been to desert Volkswagen on Sahara and had the worst experience time after time. Bringing my car to Findlay I would have to say saved my continued business with Volkswagen. If you want great service then this would be the place to get it.
1	I've had volkswagon ever since I could drive a car. Let me tell you that this is the worst VW dealership I've ever dealt with. They really don't care what your concerns are, the service department has the worst customer service. I leased a car brand new on Dec 1 and have had to return to the dealership a total of 6 times because of stuff going wrong with my BRAND NEW vehicle/finance team messing up my contract. They even damaged my vehicle while trying to replace a faulty intrument cluster.They really don't seem to care what you have to say and just keep repeating, "I'm sorry". How about helping your customers with their issues and become a little more organized before calling yourself the best vw dealer in Las vegas. Rest assured I will never be a VW customer after this and trust me, I tell everyone I can to stay away from this dealership.
