4	What a treat it was to find Sidebar in Downtown Vegas. Finally a cocktail bar that takes their drinks seriously. The liquor selection is vast and the bartenders friendly and knowledgeable. also a very comfortable spot with nice booths and couches alike. Since I hardly ever find a bartender out here (outside the Bellagio at least) that can make a good Negroni I always order that, but their cocktail list has many old favorites and the locals are all talking about The American Beauty which apparently is one of the house specialties. If you are into classic cocktails done right and a great atmosphere check out Sidebar.
5	Attached to the Triple George Grill, the Sidebar was a surprisingly good time for myself and my motley crew.  Located next to the Celebrity and Hogs and Heifers, there's some serious nightlife competition for the Sidebar, but it holds its own next to its raucous neighbors.The interior is classy, cozy and comfortable.  Our bartender poured each drink expertly.  Even the restrooms were impressive.  We were given a complimentary order of Caprese Canapes (comprised of tomato, marinated mozzarella and basil) which were absolutely delicious.  Every Wednesday from 6:00 - 8:00 the Sidebar is host to Winebar.  Tickets cost $25 and includes 5 - 6 wines, a complimentary glass, and appetizers.If you're downtown and you're looking to class things up just a touch, take a trip to Sidebar.
4	Very nice place.  They know their drinks, they make them well and they treat the customer very, very well.  It's just a notch below the Downtown Cocktail Lounge--each has its merits and each is a completely different vibe.
3	This is the fastest I've ever been kicked out of a place. Apparently they didn't recognize me. Or maybe it's just a nice place.This place appears that it could be pretty cool. It has a table-top, 5-card draw game where my brother won $4 in about 5 minutes before we were escorted out.
4	Surely Sidebar was founded by two alcoholic attorneys, but I will be the one to drop the Gavel and pronounce  the following verdict: Sidebar is one of the bestest Happy Hours ever !We were on our way to Triple George for dinner, however two of us arrived early so we decided to hold court at Sidebar and start the evening off with a drink or TEN !Luckily we arrived during happy hour and they were offering $5 Pomegranate Martini's which were GREAT. The waitress pointed out the 50% off appetizers and honestly we settled in for the evening.With martini's in hand and the arrival of the last of our party, we ordered a table full of appetizers and enjoyed every bite. When we rushed to make the happy hour cutoff (7pm) the waitress let us know the $5 Martini's were on special all night and all night we enjoyed them, so much so, we did not recess until closing.
4	Sidebar is where you can go for a few drinks and stumble past downtown's litany of crackheads, homeless and newly paroled as you head back to your car or room.  But despite the rough neighborhood, this is actually a very laid back and friendly bar.Sidebar is near 3rd and Stewart just a couple of blocks next to the previously reviewed Fremont Street Experience.  Since most tourists can't move beyond the yardstick margarita and football beer stand, this is mostly a locals spot.  The drink prices are standard for the area at 4-6 dollars.  One gripe I have is the size of the bar area which is a little small, but the couple of times I've been there hasn't been too crowded.  There's always the outdoor patio area if you need a breather.You can do valet or park in the FSE parking garage and get validated at one of the downtown hotels.  Certainly worth a look if you're in the neighborhood and aren't up for the hipster scene on Fremont East.
4	I'm always sad to leave this place after a couple of drinks, when my friends are ready to go to The Griffin.  It's never crowded, not smoky at all, and has great martinis.  There is always a $5 drink of the day and I always get it.  Last week it was vodka, pineapple, and chamboard...yum.   They have a video DJ here on the weekends, and he plays good music to dance to, but I kind of wish they would just play some quieter, classier music.  Because nobody ever dances anyway.  Park for free in the garage across 3rd street (the old Lady Luck valet garage) and get your ticket validated.  Or just stay out past 1am when the parking attendant leaves.
4	Great place to enjoy a fine meal (you order from the Triple George menu), AND a good smoke or cigar!  Their drink specials are pretty good.  The food from the Triple George kitchen is outstanding! See my separate review.The only con for the Sidebar is the loud music they play, which prohibits having a conversation with your table mate without yelling.  Please ... Sidebar ... keep the music level down until after 10pm, for those of us who come to share a meal with friends and talk.
5	Had a Birthday party here last month and this place was amazing, the food was great and the servers took care of us like kings. had a good DJ & the valet is right outside, one of the best places to park downtown.
5	Sidebar has been a favorite place of mine for many years and is easily a diamond in the rough in downtown Las V egas.  They have amazing bartenders that are not only friendly, but they can mix some amazing drinks.  It seems like every time I am there they are creating some new amazing drink.  I definitely recommend going to Sidebar if you want to relax and enjoy a good drink.
5	1. Fabulous DJ.2. Outdoor seating.3. Great dance music.4. A nice blend of indoor/outdoor space.5. Easy parking.On my first visit I didn't have any drinks. All I did was dance. I would have stayed longer if my friends were not antsy to play black jack. I believe we arrived around 11:30 PM on a Friday night and stayed till 12:30 AM. Sidebar was just so easy to get to and had a great vibe. I loved it and plan to return again soon.
2	From the walk over to a casual look at the crowd I was expecting a horrible time, but I found everyone here to be friendly and pleasant. I didn't care for the cocktails here, but I had a far more pleasant time then expected. The manger Jerry is a really sweet fellow.
2	I used to love Sidebar.  They have a great happy hour and the food next door at Triple George is really good.  BUT I think this place has gone downhill.  Ever since they hired the two new girls, one has really long dark brown hair and the other one has mid-length brown/red hair, I've been really disappointed.  Here are the reasons why:  They are really inattentive and really awful with their customer service.  I needed my parking stub validated and the bartender stamped it and instead of giving it to me right away, started to talk to another customer.  I kept trying to interrupt them, but they were ignoring me.  I waited 3-5 minutes before she remembered she had the stub in her hand and proceeded to hand it to the guy she was talking to.  He said, "That's not for me." She responded with, "Who gave this to me again??" I finally got her attention and said, "I've been waiting here for you to hand that to me."  She just threw it toward me and started talking to the guy again.  The bar was not crowded.  There were only about 4 other people there.  Super rude and bad customer service.One Saturday a group of my friends were out and having drinks on the patio.  We went to get more drink at 1:15 AM and they had already closed the bar.  They aren't supposed to close until 2:00 AM.  They consistently close the bar early, even if it isn't dead.  If it was dead, I would understand, but there were about 10-15 people still drinking and hanging out.  Another night I went in, it took one of the bartenders 15 minutes to make my drink.  I ordered a mojito.  I didn't know it was so complicated to make and to add insult to injury, before making it she didn't let me know that they were out of the usual rum they make it with.  She told me after she was done that she had to make it with another type of alcohol.  Why didn't she let me know BEFORE she made it?  If this place doesn't get its act together, I'm going to stop going all together.  They need more good bartenders like Jerry, who is amazingly nice and makes the best cocktails.  These other two girls are slow and rude.  They need to get their attitudes and skills in check.
4	Truly charming place. Great and properly made drinks, lovely bar staff, fun patrons. Can't wait to go back while the kitchen is open and 'try the veal'
5	This is one of those joints where you are treated with class. Jerry is the main bar keep and he genuinely goes out of his way to ensure your time spent was worth everything. His mixology knowledge is spot on...even recommending new concoctions or twists on standards.A great place to talk shop, hang with friends or meet new folks.
5	When I go downtown this is where I like to start. Valet right in front. Great drinks. Cute bartenders. Food is awesome. Lots of outdoor seating. On Friday n Saturday you can see n hear the bands playing on freemont.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Las Vegas!  The drinks here are excellent.  My friends and I have had most of the drinks on the menu and I can't say that any of them were disappointing.  If you want food, the food for Sidebar comes from Triple George next door.  The steaks and bruschetta are fantastic.  The bartenders here are always willing to go out of their way to make your experience at Sidebar excellent. Combine great drinks and food with great service and atmosphere and you get one of the best places in Las Vegas to have a drink!
3	WARNING - closes at midnight
2	What happened to this place?!?  This used to be my spot for Happy Hours about a year ago and got burnt out on it so started trying new places.  We went back last Friday and the service was horrendous.  Flagging down waitresses, not being told of drink specials and my friend ordered a meal to go and they got it wrong.  I mean we could have walked out waiting for the check and wouldn't have been noticed.  Can't say I will be back anytime soon and if so I will sit at the bar next door at Triple George.
