2	I have not ordered Pizza Hut in a long time.  When it's busy it can take up to two hours to get some food delivered.  I decided to give this place another try and order for lunch hoping it wouldn't be as busy.  I was actually impressed.  The food came when it was supposed to arrive.  I did not get a single call from a delivery person crying to me about being lost either.  Get this, the food was actually hot enough to burn my tounge, just how I like it.  I never expect my delivery food to be hot, no matter where it comes from.  This may not be the place for dinner because it is just so damned busy, but lunch, not so bad.Update.  This must have been a fluke because I ordered again for lunch thinking I'd get the same decent service, but sadly no.  I ordered and was given a thirty minute time frame for delivery.  An hour later I called the place and was told the driver was allready gone.  Fifteen minutes later the guy shows up, even though the place is less than three miles away.  Nothing was hot or fresh.  Again it was 2:30 on a Wednesday, they should not have been busy.  Epic fail.
1	This place sucks! We ordered a medium pepperoni pizza... what'd we get? a medium pepperoni pizza.... barely any sauce and extra EXTRA extra cheese X3. It was loaded with so much cheese, it was disgusting. I never thought I could hate cheese so much. I guess next time i'll have to say "add sauce... light on the cheese" (if there is a next time). Just thinking of that pizza makes me gag. ugh.
1	This place was the most horrible pizza hut I have ever been to.First there was no one to greet anyone when I walked in, and there were already 2 people waiting, I asked if they have been helped and they said no.. Seriously someone could have walked out with the register and no one would have noticed...Finally after 10 mins..( seriously) a girl walked out and instead of asking who's next, she just helped whoever was standing I almost walked out...she went Togo help me and I spoke up for the other people saying you should ask who was here first... Horrible servIce, just horrible, my chicken wings looked like they were deep fried in acid.. My pizza cheese looked like brown spotted burnt cheese, service was the same as the pizza terrIble! Never ever going back there, you can't even pay me Togo back there!
1	Walked in at 9:40pm to order a 14pc crispy bone-in wings with honey bbq and a large hawaiian/peperoni pizza. As I completed my order I noticed someone sitting in the corner waiting for their order, person #1, and someone walking into the restaurant to pick-up an order, person #2.I waited outside for 23 minutes as I was quoted 15-20 minutes. I walked inside the restaurant and noticed person #1 and #2 still waiting, but person #2 was at the cashier table. Person #2 seemed unhappy as the order of wings was incorrect. The manager came out and issued a discount, person #2 paid and left. Person #1 finally got their order and was given a liter of Sierra Mist for waiting then left.I was asked for my name when the cashier noticed me. She pulled out the pizza I had ordered and looked confused as I continued to wait so I asked for my wings. She ran to the back and asked that I wait 4 minutes as they completed my order.As I continue to wait another person walked into the restaurant, person #3, and receives their pizza. At the same time one of the cooks came out and converses with person #3. The cook asks the cashier if she was 'really' going to make them pay for it. Person #3 was eventually given a discount for whatever reason as I continued to wait, person #3 left.My order of wings finally came out but it was incorrect, 8pc bone-in mild? The cashier returned to the kitchen and asked If I'd like a liter of Sierra Mist. Instead I asked for the manager which took some time too. I demanded a refund of my money because I had to wait up to 40 minutes for an incomplete order. The manager didn't hesitate, but she asked the cashier for her 'tail' after this. I did not need to know how the cashier was going to be disciplined which I thought was very unprofessional. I walked out and went to another restaurant next door, 20 paces away, got my food in less than 9 minutes!Not the cashiers, nor cook's fault. Simply no management, the place is pretty much being runned by the teenage employees.
1	Yesterday was my first time here. I did carry out, when I got to the car the kids wanted a slice. The pizza was not fully sliced through. I took it back and asked them to re-slice it. As we are driving home the kids realized that the pizza was not how we had ordered it. We asked for light sauce and got the opposite. Plus the slices were still not fully cut. Not a happy camper.
1	Not the greatest choice,people upset while waiting 4 their order.after it took 15 minutes 4 someone 2 come 2 the front as the phone constantly ringing. As know one bothered 2 answer it @ all! I don't give this a star @ all. Go somewhere else.
5	Best pizza with awesome service. This is a very busy location compared to other Pizza Huts I have been to in the valley so I dont mind when the Delivery time takes a little longer. I am a regular and plan to stay. I have had little issues before like a forgotten 2 liter of soda but the drivers are human and apologize and brings it right back and take it off my bill. The management handles situations very professionally and I was happy with the way this was resolved! I went to do a carry out order the other day and was made to feel welcome and received my food faster than the 15 mins quoted which was awesome! I will always come back. Dont let these other reviews scare you off by one bad experience they have had when I order atleast 2 times every month!
5	This pizza hut I m recommending because the staff is very friendly and fast. Food very fresh. I love this Pizzahut.
5	This pizza hit makes great pizza. Way better than dominoes. If ur looking for a fast delivery option of this style pizza, this location is one of the best. The thin crust is very crunchy and good.
1	I have ordered from this location many times over the years and now I am refusing to order from them because every time I order from this location the pizza shows up not fully cook and I'm not a fan of soggy, wet pizza i have to cook it longer myself so that it is not just raw dough and the last two times I ended up getting sick
2	Long wait time, Waited 45 minutes for order. I requested the pizza be well done, it was actually under cooked and soggy. Will never order from there again.
