1	Trailer trash Phoenix now have a home! This place smells of urine but of which the aroma candles that are burning cannot cover. The locals with no taste in music, the songlist is all over the place with no sense of direction. Bare and lacking, the decor is in major need of the Fab 5 from NYC. I'm sorta afraid of even trying the food. Beach theme in the middle of the desert? Get the picture. Someone mentioned an Open Mike Night, but not gonna stick around here, I'm too afraid of what I'll see. Too many people wearing sweat pants for my like, and the woman next to me at the bar is using a hand stapler that the barkeep loaned out so she could 'fix' her shoe!?!?Did I mention the drinks are dirt cheap?
4	I don't know what Dave S.'s problem is, but The Playa II is a very homey, comfortable neighborhood bar.  I am not trailer trash - major eastern city symphony orchestra musician with degrees who stumbled upon Phoenix when retiring - but I enjoy hanging out here in a friendly environment with Mama Sharen running the show. The kitchen is VERY good and very reasonable. Italian night on Wednesday is one of our favorites. Hamburgers are very good. Great drink specials. This is not a Scottsdale phony place - give it a try.
2	Smells nasty. Free breakfast on Sunday. Not worth the trip
5	Love this place! Momma (The Owner) is the most amazing woman you could ever meet. She always has the best interest for all of we customers. They have poker some nights and breakfast for free at 9am on Sundays. Great place to watch football, play pool or hang out with you friends from the neighborhood.
4	I am sooo glad that I paid no attention to those negative reviews from 2011!!!  First off I smelled nothing off kilter whatsoever (and being OCD I would know). Please put that out of your mind right now.  Nor did I see anything I would associate with "trailer trash" whatever the heck that is supposed to mean, it sounds rather mean-spirited to me so will just ask that you to please put it out of your mind. This is a local establishment with a history to it. It deserves respect and to me in one visit has definitely earned respect. I love the place. Momma, the owner, and everyone I met there is *amazing*.  Everyone is so friendly, polite, courteous, great sense(s) of humor- wonderful eclectic mix of music (covers most tastes-I was unable to locate the source but suspect jukebox). They watch out for each other as one would in a family type of atmosphere, which is what this felt like...  Why hasn't the food been mentioned?!?OMGeez!!!  I haven't eaten this much in eons!!!  Everything is made fresh!  My friend and I had the fish tacos with cole slaw and homemade potato chips.  To die for!!!  The cod was delightful and FRESH.  In fish tacos the fish is so rarely this fresh, succulent and NOT battered to death or at all oily or greasy. It was simply in a word...delicious. (Sorry Mama that I was unable to come up with a better singular adjective, I'll work on it!)Tucked back from the road a bit, which to me adds to its charm.  Parking is good. Great happy hour specials. I've heard they've got a killer Bloody Mary and free breakfast on Sunday morning so will have to try to make it up and out to review that...  Definitely give this place a try!  I will be here again that's for sure...  Enjoy!  Casual attire (stilettos not required, I left mine at home).I do need to find out more about this band I have heard that apparently plays here at times called "narcoleptic spiders"... I saw that online but forgot to ask about it. (Doh!) Oh and I read online that they've got open mic nights too though I wasn't there for it...  Namaste'
