5	Great Ethiopian Food!  Great Service!  They are making dishes to order so you can call ahead if you know what you want!  Vegetarian and Meat Dishes!  Today I enjoyed the Beef Tibs, ordered Medium Spicy, it was about perfect!  POPROCK!Injera (I think here they may have spelled it with an "E" ...Sour, Soft, Highly Porous Bread served under your food and used to pick up your food instead of using a utensil... She said she makes her own!  I have never been a fan of the Bread and I have eaten about a dozen times at three different Restaurants, counting today.  This one is the BEST I have eaten so far!Timatim sounds like the name of someones "Spiritual son" though it is a Tomato Salad!  They called it something else here... The language barrier was enough to make it enjoyable, I got everything I wanted and got to use more vocabulary than usual which was nice!  Timatim Fit Tit is served with Injera and I have been served where it was rolled up in the bread like a fat Burrito!  Timatim is one of my Favorite Salads in the world and this one it FANTASTIC!  First rule of a Rod0 salad is to spell it Zalad and leave the lettuce out!!!  Timatim dose NOT Ever call for lettuce!  Everyone makes Timatim it a little differently, using most of the same ingredients in slightly different proportions... If I understood correctly the Oil part of the Salad is a Dressing from Germany!  "What" I asked???  Where? "Did you say Germany"?  Yes Germany!!! !! !  Whoa!  Tomato, Peppers, Red Onion, Lemon and a Dressing from Germany!  This one is FANTASTIC!  In a dead heat for First place!  If you want this dish you may have to describe it if they do not know it by name!Looking Forward to the next meal here to check out the Vegetarian Dishes!
5	My wife & I felt we had dropped into a shop in any  Ethiopian town. We were greeted by the sweet smile of the proprietor & cook of this delightful place. The food was excellent. Our coffee was hand roasted as we waited, it smelled so good! We will be back.
4	Definitely a hole in the wall...but one that you'll want to find yourself in. The food is tasty. They have a simple, one page menu - and by one page, I mean there is literally one sheet of paper floating around. At first my husband and I ordered 2 servings of the veggie combo. One was definitely plenty, but I think because the other Ethiopian restaurants in town have you order two, I was conditioned. One order to share will fill you up. The $9 veggie combo included the red lentils, yellow cabbage, and collard greens. The injera is very, very good. They don't serve glasses of water, so grab a bottle from the front of the store and bring it with you.Yes, the front of the store is a small grocery section. You can pick up some spices, rice, flour while you're here.The dining space is very small, perhaps 4-5 tables. On both occasions that I've visited here, the place is full of other diners chatting it up or grabbing a quick bite. The service is friendly.Make the drive out this way for a tasteful plate full of spice. Enjoy.
5	I have been a regular of this wonderful place for about 5 years now and have had everything on the menu at one point or another!The owner and chef, Tsige, is a warm host. She makes everything to order, so not only is your food organic and healthy, it's also guaranteed to be fresh. The down side of this of course is that it may take a little longer to prepare.The food and experience are truly authentic, as evidenced by the many Ethiopians who frequent the restaurant. Some of my favorites:* Veggie combo (a delicious combination of collard greens, lentils, cabbages, carrots, potatoes, and any other delights Tsige may throw in. * kitfo: a spicy beef tar tar, ground beef* tibs: wonderful marinated beef tipsAll of the above served on this wonderful spongy bread (injera), which gives it a great flavor contrast and balance. The place is small and cozy and definitely off the beaten path,  but you won't regret the drive. For the coffee lovers, nothing that beats Ethiopian coffee! Ask Tsige  for the coffee ceremony - she'll roast the coffee beans right in front of you and let you take in the aroma.Enjoy your experience - and don't be surprised if you find yourself addicted to this wonderful cuisine!! :)
