5	I am writing this review with regards to what this place is. It is essentially the nicest golf course/community kitchen and restaurant I have ever experienced. The clubhouse is very nice, and the staff is amazing although I have never actually dined in the clubhouse, just ordered for delivery. I currently live in Rhodes Ranch and (all battles with the HOA aside) this place typically outdoes itself with most items on the menu. I've only ordered from them twice. But....Delivery is FREE for residents of Rhodes Ranch, they deliver all day until 10 pm...and here's the kicker, the golf course cart girls do the deliveries, and if you have never seen them let me just say they are easy on the eyes. The first time I ordered the Philly. It was decent but not amazing just because they failed to properly slice the steak up so it was a little tough.The second time I got a Patty melt. This, I would definitely order again. Fresh toasted rye, and the patty was perfect, and it came with a side of shoestring style fries. ($8.99 & $8.49)But this place is no ordinary club house sandwich kitchen. I've sampled their entrees ordered by my roommates like the build your own pizza or the chicken parmesan. You can even get a bucket of steamed little neck clams.You can have steak and eggs, a glass of OJ and coffee delivered to your door first thing in the morning for about $14.The food is priced in the neighborhood of applebee's but far exceeding in quality and quantity.I'm not saying this is 5 star dining, but when you consider the Free delivery of a huge selection of items and it is coming from a golf course kitchen It is pretty amazing. I've never been to an elite golf course for lunch or dinner, and when I play courses I usually stick with a dog and beer at the turn. But if you are playing Rhodes, make the extra time to grab something after 9 or 18. You won't regret it.
4	OK...so after everything I said I now have to deduct a star, because my roommate has informed me that they have stopped doing deliveries.So sad, oh well, the food is still good so if you are in the neighborhood give it a try.
4	Went here on a Saturday afternoon with a groupon. I have played golf here but never ate ate the club house. Overall I would say this place was good. We got sat right away, and ordered. I had the pasta fagioli and Italian beef sandwich. Both were quite delicious, with the Italian beef have a nice black peppery flavor. My wife had the veggie wrap which she liked and my Mother-in-Law said the Turkey wrap was also good. Prices are reasonable and you do have some nice views of the course. So not a bad place to eat if you are in the area.
3	The food is really, really good but the service is horrifically slow.  If you are golfing or live in the community it is well worth the wait if you have a few days to spare.
2	My friends had their wedding here which was great because my BF lives in the community so it took all of 3 minutes to drive here haha and it was actually a very BEAUTIFUL wedding!!! With the sun perfectly setting behind them on the golf course as they said their vows. After the ceremony we all went inside the club house where they completely transformed it! The purple lighting was nice as well as the little dance floor. My friends even rented a photo booth so we had fun with that. They also had set up all the pretty banquet tables and chairs on the balcony but it was pretty chilly that night. I wish they had more heating lamps! The bartender handled all the thirsty guests well so I give him props especially since it was open bar. I think the service was really weird and there was definitely a lack of communication. They had a little buffet line set up in the corner with some colossal shrimp cocktail and bruschetta. The shrimp were HUGE and delicious! They also had some items in heated serving trays. Some of the older people were hungry so they were served the actual dinner as well which was prime rib, potatoes and veggies. Pretty soon I saw lots of people enjoying the dinner portion and we were starving so we went to get some as well but then another server came out and yelled at the server who was carving the prime rib saying it wasn't dinner time yet. Anyways he had to turn away everyone waiting in line and of course this upset most people. How unorganized! Then at the tables the server came around just once to fill our water glasses and gave us the tiniest bit of champagne. So for weddings here the food and atmosphere are great!!! I think they just need to work on their communication and organization with the staff. ALSO we came here once before to enjoy the happy hour which they had advertised on their website. I called ahead to confirm and they said yes they honor the Happy Hour. My friends got there before me and the server said NO they don't have HH. WTF. I told them to tell her I called ahead to confirm.. They ended up approving the HH for us.. but again WTF... lack of communication on their part.
1	I was never given an opportunity to eat here because even though the bar was full they decided to close the kitchen earlier than their posted hours on the web-site. I love in Rhodes Ranch and decided to go for a walk and take my daughter there and walk home. A convenience I've been looking forward to for a while. Epic fail RRGC!
2	Oooo boy!!! Yelp describes this as Italian Restaurant, It is NOT Italian.....Rhodes Ranch, was once the jewel of the residential community's of Las Vegas. Situated in the southwest part of town, along the cross streets of South Durango and West Robindale Roads.When arriving here make sure your on the guest list to get in, someone who lives within the community or if your attached to an event will get you passed the gate. Pretty much it's Nightclub rules for a housing community.So this business is right next to the Golf Club Driving Range and Club House. It's not too hard to find! If  you find the driving range , you'll find this restaurant. After hanging out with another yelper NDS and her little one at the water park, we decided to grab some lunch here. The only reason for the 2 stars is the views on the patio are amazing!!!! Watching the driving range and the mountains are simply fantastic. Now after sitting down we were greeted by the server, who explained on the fly that she would grab us some menus. 20mins later we were walking in and grabbing them ourselves. After realizing we had grabbed our own menus the server took our order. After ordering just a couple of items from the $5 happy hour menu, the food order took a good 30 or so minutes to come out. The server said she was slammed but as i looked around I just saw a few people drinking beer after driving balls all day. We ended up changing our orders to go, as I didn't live in RR, I drove home to a nice cold meal.With an expensive upper class community you would think a place that doesn't have any real competition inside RR you would think maybe it would of a better standard than say Taco Bell or a Burger King. But I'm sorry to say it isn't. At least these places have a handle on staffing and standard.Maybe I'm wrong, maybe the stands I expected from a place that need to take a photograph of my number plate as I drove in would be better.OverallFood: 1-5Drink: 3-5 (beer)Service: 1-5Come back: no
3	We live in the neighborhood and it is an amazing amenity to have somewhere to go within the community. We do not go there for the service or the menu. The menu is nothing to speak of but we go there to relax and enjoy the view. Yes... Sometimes it can be very slow but most times our servers have always taken care of us. It's so relaxing to sit out there and get away from all the noise. I definitely think that the F&B director should clean up the menu and offer some better choices but it's not that kind of restaurant. Maybe if more residents showed interest then they could find reason to do so. Either way, you go here if you live here. If you want a nice meal out than you take yourself to a restaurant somewhere else. This is more of a chill and drink a beer type of place. The views are outstanding and worth it.
5	Great service, great bartenders, beer on tap is extensive. Fantastic views! Love this place!
