3	Tried this place for the first time.  I got the Shrimp Po' Boy = 3 starts only (too much breading on a small small shrimp)and cajun fries = 4 starts for the fries only.  These were so good!I will probably be back to try other sandwiches to see how they rate.
5	Great and fun lunch place. We went there this week and got some Porkasms and a Barbeque shrimp sandwich. Yumm - daring but good flavor combinations. Great people working there - friendly, funny and quick. Don't mind the free lollipops they throw in your to-go bag :) We'll be back!
5	Fresh ingredients and attention to detail yield delicious things here, not to mention this place is fun...a great escape from an otherwise hectic workday (even if it only lasted 15 mins)!
5	I'm not sure why it took me so long to discover this place but I love it.My office lunch compatriot Mike joined me in the bottom of the Steel building.This place is fantastic and had unique menu items, a good vibe, friendly people working the counter.Thank god SOMEBODY knows what we're missing --- it's places like this.Both Mike and I had the porkgasm, and it was pretty good.  My only complaint was that it was a little dry.  The bread was fresh, the pork tender, the cajun seasoned fries delicious!You can order online, and download the app!(Psst. The barber next door tells me that the soups are really good too)
5	Not having ordered anything from here other than breakfast or burgers (which I highly recommend--though they're only served outside in the summer), I treated myself to the "Porkgasm" sandwich today.  I was disappointed when my sandwich was handed to me, as it felt a bit lighter than the sandwiches I get elsewhere.  However, when I got back to my desk and had my Porkgasm--er, ate my Porkgasm sandwich--I was more than okay with trading volume for quality.  It was a delicious sandwich and I'll be back to sample the rest of the menu.UPDATE:  Craftwork started grilling tacos outside recently and these are also AWESOME.  I'm a taco traditionalist, but I enjoy the hell out of the Pescado Baja (Mahi Mahi) tacos as well as the Carne Asada (steak) and Pollo Tradicional (chicken).  Yes, these tacos are pricier than the Qdoba variety, but also much, much better.
3	I'm downgrading CK due to my rather pedestrian lunch today. I tried one of their suggestions which was the cheesesteak. While the basic flavors were good, the sandwich came off too clean.  Sanitary. Separate items on a bun.  The fries were good.It was missing sauce of any type, although they said they put mayo on it. It was also completely grease free. While normally that might be a compliment, the sandwich was just overly dry. I much prefer Peppi's Ultra cheesesteak( or the delicious blazing saddle) or even Fernandos cheesesteak, which is a lot more food for less money.I still think this place has potential, but not with the cheesesteak!
4	I had the pulled pork sandwich for lunch which was pretty good, more sweet than tangy and served on a sub roll. The sub roll it was served on was good and toppings were tasty.  I failed to order fries with my sandwich, I sort of thought they were included but I was wrong.  My bad, I failed.  The guy behind the counter realized this and threw me a box of fries for free, very cool.  The fries were really good, not typical pedestrian style fries.  These were really good fries. I will be back to this place and look forward to my next visit.
4	Let me first say I will try this place again because they have pride in what they create.  They are culinary artist, not cooks and it shows in the menu.  I will always give a place a second and third try if the passion shows and here it does.  Unfortunately, my meal was not as outstanding as I hoped, but still better than most.The chicken noodle soup was average, but in Pittsburgh we are spoiled (and I hate to admit it) with Eat n Park's chicken noodle.My chicken wrap cam with lettuce, lime aoli, bacon, and bbq sauce.  It was good, but the BBQ sauce either didn't fit with the rest or was missing that spicy tang I like in BBQ sauces.Thought the prices were slighly high for what you got.
4	I had no idea what to eat for lunch one day.  I didn't want any more pizza.  (We had a pizza party at work and they sent us home with leftover pizza.)  I also didn't want to eat a salad or anything remotely healthy that day.  So I wandered down to the Craftwork Kitchen spot under the USX tower.  A friend of mine recommended that I try almost any sandwich.  By the way, I'm a sucker for fresh-cut fries and when I saw that those were available, I thought that this might be the ticket.When I stepped up to the counter, I didn't expect mad jokes all around from the dudes there.  I like humor with my food.  They were friendly and very excited about the food that they were serving. How many restaurateurs do you meet that have that level of enthusiasm?I was in the mood for shrimp and they were in the mood to make me a Shrimp Po Boy.  I added some fresh-cut fries (I did say that I love fresh-cut fries) and I was ready to chow down.  I received my food quickly and trotted back to my desk for a feast.  Let me say this, the food was fresh tasting and you could tell that it was homemade.  I appreciate that. (So many restaurants open a jar of Marzettis and pour out whatever they offer.  Nothing against Marzettis,  I'm just saying to try making something from scratch)  The shrimp had a good flavor, the bread was dang tasty and the fries were scrumptious!  What's not to like?Since my initial trip, I have also tried their amazballs tacos and homemade watermelon "juice"?  Mouthwatering all around!
5	I've never had a single hint of a problem with these guys (and gals). The food is always delicious, the fries are amazing, the prices are reasonable for the area, and everything works together like a charm.I typically go with the Porkgasm, the Pinkman, The Sloppy Top, or the PGH Cheesesteak, but all their salads and other options are delicious as well. If you're looking for great food served with a laid-back, yet obviously attentive attitude, hit this place up.Not to mention, they have a healthy respect for all things Lionel Richie, which can only be a bonus in my book.
