5	Sally's is a great store. Tons of beauty supplies: haircare, skincare, nail care, you name it. Their prices are extremely reasonable and the also have sales and in-store coupons. The staff often seem pre-occupied but usually ask if I need anything-and in this place I prefer to just peruse around sometimes. Bottom line: great selection and great prices.
3	I'm used to going into a Sally's and being able to ask the people there for advice on color and get answers, I mean isn't that why they require you to have experience with this sort of thing in order to work there? No one came up to ask me or my sister if we needed help, although they went up and asked everyone else. Both employees were mostly chatting amongst each other and talking about closing the bars to the store earlier so people would get the hint. huh? I get working retail blows chunks but you shouldn't bitch about the customers in front of the customers. Either way, I won't be back to this location anytime soon.
3	I shop here frequently for hair color and nail products because I live close by. I wish I had $10 for each time I received different coloring tips from employees; I'd be able to quit my job and retire to the Caribbean.Every employee with whom I have spoken in this Sally's has given me different advice; always the complete opposite of what I had been told before. Shouldn't employees at Sally's have to go through special training? Employee #1- "You don't want the red tones in your hair? You should get the 6N to neutralize the red." Employee #2- "You have red tones in your hair? You should get the 6NN. The 6N will give you red tones."What?! Needless to say, I still have coppery red tones AND a greenish tint in my hair.
2	Eh, fairly small store. However, even smaller for me because I am limited to the "Ethnic hair care section" Le sigh. I needed oil sheen (which makes your hair super shiny and stuff) and the only bottle they had was one that didn't even have a top on it so the employee suggested I go elsewhere. Um...OH AND the body jewelry is very expensive. Better off at Walmart getting hair products.
4	I'll admit it. I have an addiction to hair color. I have had every color under the sun and because I change it so often I can't afford to have someone else do it. Plus, I'm kind of a control freak when it comes to my hair and the color it is. Boxed dyes never turn out the way they look on the box so I started taking matters into my own hands and started mixing it all myself with the help of Sally's. When I first began to pursue that what I fondly refer to as "Ariel red" I went to Sally's and said PLEASE HELP MEEE!!! The girl working gave me exceptional advice, down to walking me through the colors, the brands, the tools I need. She was just as passionate about me achieving my dream color as I was! I proudly sported my bright red hair for well over 2 years. A record for me!Well now I'm over the bright red but not over the thrill of fun colors. I mean, life's too short for boring hair! I decided to go more natural all over but kept a streak of fun to color whatever I feel the need for at the moment. It's my one piece of fun for my hair. I chose blue. I loved the blue but today when I went to Sally's I had my hopes and dreams on pink. I walked in and was greeted happily by the nice girl in the back. I returned the hello and made a beeline to where I know the crazy semi permanent colors to be. The only one missing... Was pink. I sighed. Disappointment welling over me. I tried to make another decision. The nice girl asked me if I was finding everything ok. I told her sadly pink is gone. She reached into the box she was putting away and presented a wonderful box of pink goo just for me!! Yay!!! Thank you Sally's!!
