5	today is my day off and i was super excited to get my oil change in. i first stopped at big O tires on charleston in summerlin and they were PACKED! the lady working the counter informed me that they do not accept walk-in oil changes during the summer. she gave me two options, 1. i can leave my car and wait at least 2 hours minimum, or 2. i can make an appointment.  i told her i was looking to just get in and out and that i would look around for another car service shop. she suggested going down the street to another big O tire which shocked me because what if i experience the same thing?!?! she told me they are not nearly as busy as their location and i was on my way.guess what? jiffy lube on the corner of so. fort apache and charleston is on the way to the big O tire i was driving to. i noticed no one was in line so i pulled in and was in and out in 10 minutes. the gentlemen working were so friendly, super fast, and really efficient. they provided extraordinary service, in that they were really helpful and thorough in explaining what was going on, suggesting options on replacing certain things under the hood, and really professional. other experiences i have had with oil changes were fast and the gentlemen were knowledgable, but service wasn't always the best. thanks jiffy for taking care of me and getting me out in a jif! =)i have made this jiffy lube my go-to oil changing place.
4	Every Jiffy Lube I've been to has had amazing service, and I recommend them to everyone.
5	I admit i was a little weary about bringing my car here.  Read some horror stories about jiffy lubes in general (not this one).  This one was GREAT!!  They didnt pressure me at all into anything.  Got a high mileage oil change and a AC recharge. I was almost due for a recharge, and they said i didnt have to.  My choice alone to get it done with no pressure at all.  GREAT place.  Don't hesitate to bring your car here.
1	This place is slow
5	Great service for an oil change. Vince was very friendly and did not pressure me with services I did not need. I would go back here every time I am in Vegas.
1	I've been sitting here for 30 minutes and have not been acknowledge. Don't come here.
2	This must be the worlds slowest "Jiffy" Lube. The techs were nice enough buy obviously not in a hurry. It took almost an hour for a basic oil change. The techs were not overly excited about me wanting the basic package for car.Two stars simply for eventually completing the job. My car hasn't blown up or anything.  I would not go back for a repeat session.
1	I posted this three time on the Jiffy Lube website and never go a response.  I guess they don't really care I have used this  location for my four vehicles for almost thirteen years.  I liked the fact that I saw the same friendly faces and received the same great service every time I went in.  I rarely had to ask them for anything special as they knew how I liked my cars taken care of. However recently there seems to be different people each time I go there.  I understand business have personnel turnover, but EVERYBODY at that location?  I have to answer the same old questions every time I come in to new people.  Secondly, the quality of the service had really slipped.  For example, the last two vehicles I had serviced did not get the windshield reminder decal and, if they were vacuumed at all, were not done very well.  There is a carwash associated at this location and the fifty percent off a wash is a great incentive.  But, I told them both times I would be using the carwash on a later date and the car needed to be vacuumed.  Also the windows were cleaned, but I think they used a dirty rag to clean them.  All of these services are advertised as part of the overall service.I am sorry to say I am seriously considering going elsewhere with my vehicles from now on. I can get similar service at a location much closer to my house for FAR less money, and they throw in a FREE car wash.
5	This guys are the best.  Very friendly and quick. Will bring my tundra here for every oil change.  Affordable too.
5	Came into this jiffy lube and i must say it was better then i expected.. the staff was very friendly especially the CSR Donray he was very informative about my car and what needed to be done more importantly they didnt try to up sale me which is a plus. They're store is very clean mind you as a woman walking into a bathroom made for men it smelled really good an the seat was down . I didnt have to wait very long Edward the store manager made sure Zack and Jose got me in and out in a sufficent amount of time. I will definatley be coming back to this jiffy lube. Happy 4th of July!!
5	Hands down the best customer service I've ever experienced in this industry.  The employees are respectful, courteous and kind.  They are efficient and honest.  I've never felt like they are trying to sell me something I don't need and they give me honest assessments.  A great experience every time!
5	I had an oil change at this Jiffy Lube earlier this week. This is not my regular location, but the staff was great. The service guy was nice enough to take the time to find my info since I was in the computer under 2 names. He walked me through all the info and what was suggested for my truck. They are friendly and accommodating.
1	TERRIBLE. I had every intention of writing these guys a great review, until about 2 days after my oil change when my car began to billow black smoke. Of course I happened to be out of town, but luckily found a car dealership to pull into. The helpful Hyundai techs explained to me that the Jiffy Lube team had overfilled my oil, therefore causing it to spill out, cause that smoke and a huge mess under my hood. Such a bummer. The worst part? As soon as I told the tech what was going on, he asked if I had gone to Jiffy Lube for an oil change recently.... I mean come on, really? He says it's one of the most common things he seems when people come in like this. So no more JL for me thats for sure.
5	I have a company car and I'm used to taking it to Ted Wiens, dropping it off, having a coworker pick me up, and then having to get a ride back in four or five hours. This place was a pleasant surprise. They have a friendly crew, a clean waiting room and clean bathroom, and my car was done, including being vacuumed, in under an hour. Wow!
4	Stopped in for an oil change today and my service was great. Don Ray helped me out and got in and out in 20 minutes.
5	They are so nice here! They put air in your tires for free and they are always super professional with oil changes!
5	I recently had the greatest experience ever with Jiffy Lube this past weekend for an oil change. 1) The customer service I received was superb! 2) When I went to pick up my car I had noticed they cleaned my windshield, two side mirrors and vacuumed my floor mats (just a pleasant surprise). On top of all that Don-Ray went through everything with me in regards to making my car the best it can be... they topped off all fluids I needed, checked my battery life, put some air in my tires and were even able to fix a cheap oil job I had gotten at Big O Tire just months before. Very professional gentlemen and the best experience for an oil job!
5	So I told them I had a concert to get to and they did a fast, clean job. I had some coffee that was available in the waiting area inside. It was 2pm and the coffee was fresh. I drank that small cup pretty fast and then they were done. They put air in my tires, made sure all my fluids were good to go, and cleaned the driver window after rolling it down. I had just had it detailed next door. I drive to and from Primm everyday. I trust them with both mine and my moms car :)
4	Super good customer service. Very attentive to my needs. The wait wasn't long at all. Cost, well that's always a bummer. But it was deff needed. Will be returning.
1	Went here to get a simple tire check. I know it was close to their closing time but I saw that the bay doors were open so I decided to stop by because my tpms light was on. I got out of my vehicle and stated that all I needed was a simple tire check the person that I talked to that wasn't even in uniform proceeds to tell me that the compressor is off and it takes 45 minutes to pump up, and then tells me that there another air pump over by the shell. I thought this place prides itself on customer service and speed. I will never waste my time or my hard earned money on a place that doesn't care about their customers like jiffy lube. Never again, if you can avoid this place please do so there are so many other shops out there that give the customers respect. This company is not one of them
3	Had some issues with my car after service. Went back and spoke with the manager Edward. He was beyond helpful and resolved the issue.
4	The customer service rep was so kind! I wish I remembered his name but he was wearing glasses. I was in and out in 15 minutes max! It was a wonderful, easy experience!
5	I hate going to car places by myself because I always feel like I am going to get ripped off.  This was the rare instance where I felt like I could trust the mechanic and he took the time to show me my air filter, show me my belts and explain all the processes to me even though he had a full garage of cars to attend to.I went in for a high-mileage oil change plus to see if anything else was going on, and after being treated well and being educated I look forward to returning to this location for future things my car needs. -:)
