5	The Chocolate Lounge is a great alternative to normal tea & cake.Situated on the top floor of Harvey Nichols, the lounge is more like a sushi bar - except the cakes and miniature champagne bottles circle rather than fish! The cakes are absolutely gorgeous - very precisely made and decorated with fondant shapes, glitter, cream, etc. They also have large cakes, chocolate sandwiches and desserts that you can order if you'd rather not have cupcakes.The cupcakes on rotation are for display purposes only, you order yours fresh. For me personally, this is all about the experience. The cakes are nice but they're a little dry. My cocktail, the Malibu Coconutini (Malibu, Bailey's, chocolate liqueur) was strong but utterly beautiful, am served in a chocolate and coconut rimmed glass. There is a bit of a wait as seats are limited, but its a great experience and the cocktails are amazing.
4	Let this be a cautionary tale to every man, everywhere: If you tell a girl that there is a "champagne and chocolate bar right around the corner", her eyes will light up and you will be forced to go. Don't say I didn't warn you. Lucky for me, my male companion was more than happy to oblige me."Chocolate! Champagne! *gasp* DO THEY HAVE ORANGE JUICE?!" I exclaimed. Would by search for the mimosa be over (FYI to Americans - It's hard as hell to find a proper one in the UK. Believe me, I looked several places and each came up short)? The Chocolate Lounge is located inside the Harvey Nichols in Edinburgh and features a wide range of cocktails, mocktails, coffee and a decadent food menu with most items having some sort of chocolate take on them. And, let me tell you, even reading the menu is mouth-watering, ranging from chocolate sandwiches to chocolate fondue, breakfast items to lunch dishes with a sweet twist. While I'm not usually a someone who is into pink (SO MUCH PINK), I will happily overlook all of that for this place. If the menu isn't appetizing enough, there is a small conveyer belt that runs around the whole lounge with premade sweets on it. You're not supposed to eat them but you can get fresh versions of anything that goes by. And if you were wondering...I ordered a mimosa, which was made to perfection, garnished with a strawberry and floated down to me on said belt.
5	A chocolate delight!You sit on bar stools watching various confectionaries and bottles of bubbly winding their way round the counter in a Yo Sushi fashion. Thankfully there's nothing fishy about the Chocolate Lounge... apart from the smoked salmon bagel with sparkly chilli jam... lush doesn't even come close!So the savouries are great... now for the main event! The chocolate is awesome! The fondue for one is a challenge - so much chocolate, so much to dunk... go for the mix of white and dark as it's brilliant!The sundaes are also to die for... a towering glass of magnificence... with a pot of melted chocolate to add to whatever creation you've plucked from the ridiculously tempting menu.Go to the Chocolate Lounge with an empty stomach and leave a few pounds lighter, a few pound heavier and so much happier!
