5	This company is top notch and really provides a great service. Dawn ( the owner is professional and organized. She also has such a great connection with our dogs that I think they look forward to when she comes to dog sit them. I have used other pet sitting services in the valley, but none of them compared to the quality of service and professionalism that this one provided. I highly recommend that you give them a call...you won't be disappointed!
5	Dawn with Critter Caretakers is wonderful! Not only is she an organized, professional, she truly cares for the animals as if they were her own. You can rest assured she will take care of your extended family while you are away and be provided daily updates via text or email. We have used her twice and will continue using the service going forward. Peace of mind is what we were looking for, and Critter Caretakers certainly delivers! I would gladly recommend  her services to any of my clients!
5	We LOVE Critter Caretakers!!!!  Dawn does such an awesome job with our 2 fur babies!!!  It's such a peace of mind, when she is taking care of them.  I know that she loves them, almost as much as I do.  Plus the boys LOVE it, when they see the suitcases coming out, because Auntie Dawn is coming over to play!
5	Fantastic service! They really helped me out last minute before my vacation. My pets were well taken care of. Getting picture and text updates really gave me a nice piece of mind.
5	Dawn with Critter Caretakers has been amazing.  She has been helping us with mid-day visits while my husband and I are at work.  She has helped in the care of our puppy since he was 8 weeks old.  We have a Vizsla and he requires a LOT of exercise as well as extra patience with his puppy habits.  Dawn provides a quality of care service instead of a time-based service--meaning she will not leave until he has ate, done his business and is tired from playing.  She typically stays with him for 45 minutes each session and writes a detailed report on what went on during the visit.  She will send me a couple photos via text message of our puppy during the visit to keep me updated as well.  She gives as much care to our dog as if it were her own.  We are extremely pleased with her service as she goes above and beyond our expectations.
4	Called Dawn based on a referral after a death in the family left us scrambling to find pet care while we traveled to the funeral. Because of the short notice, our normal boarding place was booked. In comes Dawn, I called during the day and left a message and she returned my call the same day. She was thorough in her questions about my pets in order to provide the right kind of care and services. I discussed my needs and circumstances concerning my pets and she was able to work with me. The date of the funeral was moved and we ended up not needing pet care after all, but based on the interaction I had with Dawn over the phone, I definitely will be using her in the future. Let's just say I put my trust in few places/people to watch over my pets - and Dawn definitely made me feel comfortable enough to give them a try. 4 stars only because I didn't end up using services - but I'll come back and update once I do!
