4	The Coney Island Emporium is a nice airy arcade up a floor from the main level of the New York-New York.  It has traditional manned carnival games, such as the ring toss.  In addition to the arcade games there are photo booths and other amusements.  There are plenty of change machines scattered throughout.  This is also where the entrance to the roller coaster is.  Serious gamers may prefer Gameworks (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z3owSx_4NJerX08DO5FOtA) across the street.
4	This arcade brings me back to junior high memories when all I could do was play the arcade games...Although this place is no longer as busy, it did have great games.  A great place to leave my nephew and his friend for a few hours while I go to the bar!
2	I prefer the midway at the Excalibur more than the arcade at NYNY because there are more choices at the Excalibur and it is more focused on Midway at the Excalibur.  NYNY is also a lot more busier so it is harder to get around and it is also easier to get lost in.
4	I love NY NY and this is one of the biggest reasons why. I love the arcade and the roller coaster... the picture we took is one that goes up in the center of "wall of shame" .... I kicked ass on that pounding game where you have a big friggin bat and hit beavers/gophers or whatever animal pops out of the hole (no offense to PETA folks) and put the rest of my friends to shame...that is all that matters
2	(carnival music begins...)step right up! step right up! take sticker pictures, throw basketballs in a hoop, smack gophers with a mallet and chomp on some Nathan's hot dogs! it's Coney Island... Las Vegas style! *womp....... womp" (the music stops)what the hell is this? this is supposed to be Coney Island? how so? by putting a bunch of token games and Skee-Ball... you call this Coney Island? from the colors to the ambiance... it's like they sobered up Brooklyn, slapped a health regulation code on it and got rid of everything nostalgic about Coney Island. i was absolutely stunned of the travesty.
3	This is really 2 in 1 it has a midway like a fair/carnival with skee ball and all the other games of chance etc, then it has a video arcade with all the latest racig,war and sprots games. plus there's the Manhattan Express roller coaster that goes outside and above and through the casino like NYC. The Roller Coaster is a little pricy nowadays but the arcade is great with a nice selection of games.
3	This is a little bit pricey for a 1 minute ride. My review is all about the roller coaster and yes it was mind blowing. Compared to the taller rides @ sixflags, this one got me scared because i can see and feel how near we are to the buildings. Especially when the ride turned sideways for 3 seconds.do not bring your purses or body bags with you or pay $2 fees for a locker. I liked it though. Its thrilling and definite. and you know what to expect.
3	went today..  it's a lot bigger than i remember.. a lot of games!  video games and ticket giving games.. BUT, you shell out about a million dollars in quarters, have a million tix.. & come up short @ the prize counter.  pretty sucky collection of junk I must say.  more prizes for 5 yr olds if you don't have 2 million tickets.very important...when u feed ur tickets into the ticket machine, make sure u read the machine and put the tickets in the right way.. if u don't, and put them in wrong.. they won't be counted.  I was putting them in the 'wrong' way and they didn't count! so dumb.. so just be careful cause I'm sure thousands of my tickets weren't counted.  my kids had a good time and 20 bucks each lasted pretty long.  there's no credits (card,) so if you don't want to carry a bucket (that they provide) full of quarters.. then make sure you got pockets.it's also next to an expensive ass nations!  it's good. but expensive.
4	This is wayyy better than the arcade in Coney Island - yes, I'm talking back the real Coney Island in NY. That place is old anyway. I really loved the arcades here - they have much better prizes and it's much more fun
4	this was the place to be in las vegas-- when i wasnt the legal age to gamble, of course.now that im able to spend my money at a much faster and less efficient rate in the casino, i do not always make it to the arcade during a trip to vegas. however, i remember a few years back this arcade was probably the best on the strip in my opinion. even a couple of months back i went to check this place out and found that many of the games were different or moved around. i really liked the ticket counter here, i felt that the prizes were pretty reasonable! i rode the roller coaster once and it was alright-- to me it was nothing that great. if anything i got a headache, it was pretty rough. other than that-- this arcade is definitely not what it used to be a few years back when it had laser tag, all of those cool virtual rides, bumper cars, etc. but hey, it is still one of the cleanest arcades on the strip in my opinion, so its perfect to bring kids to :]
2	Nothing encourages me to come back here really. There are some modern racing games but I did not find the variety impressive otherwise. I found myself (as well as my bf) just wandering around unimpressed. At least the layout is pretty big but I'd rather walk over and enjoy a pretzel and beer. If you're of age and can live without playing racing games (as I can) or don't have those rare skills to win iPods, just don't waste your time.
4	This place is super packed with old school toys and newer ones for the rookies. It is super loud, so if that is not your scene, let the kids roam around and find a "quieter" section. Good luck! Great for kids of all ages and big groups to date night, if you are feeling adventurous!!
2	Arcades use to be the cool place to hang out and socialize while enjoying some free time. To charge a dollar to play pinball is not reasonable. Coney Island Emporium has a large selection of crane machines with a vast array of prizes, but is that enough to save this homage to the times of carnival games and pier fun?Most of the multi-player prize booths were closed and the only employee on hand was the simulator attendant. There was definitely no need for more employees, because it was dead besides a few people playing random games and the people walking from the garage to the casino.
3	Cute. Executes the theme really well.I would advise against the roller coaster ride unless you enjoy a good noggin rattle and subsequent headache.
4	I remember spending a lot of time here when I was a kid in the 90's when Vegas was family friendly. This place has had a few changes to the arcade, they removed half of the arcade and replaced it with a conference center and the other half with the rollercoaster still looks the same.
3	This place is decent in terms of the games they have. A good point to bring up is that they close pretty late compared to the nearby arcades (i.e. MGM and Excalibur). I would recommend going here if you love to play claw machine games because they have tons of them. The roller coaster here is apparently popular, but I haven't been on it yet...maybe one day! There's also a Nathan's Famous right in front if you get hungry.
2	As far as an arcade goes, was not too thrilled...sure they had some pretty new games like Star Wars, Time Crisis, Rave game, and Fruit Ninja, but it's really not too much when my standard is something like D&Bs (biased, I know...)Overall a bit run down and pretty lame prizes. DDR machine was even out of order when I came by. It's alright I suppose, but there must be other better arcades in LV...right?
1	Coney Island was worst spot in vegas we went to.  Games and place was filthy and half the games don't work.  Had to search out employees to fix machines and get tickets.  Very disappointed with this place.
4	This place was a very welcome refuge from casinos on our LV vacation. The arcade is very large and somehow manages to be decidedly un-crowded by Vegas standards. My main beef with this place is that we were there for several hours on two separate days and the midway games never opened. A slight disappointment given that there were always 4 or 5 employees standing around in the ticket redemption area.
4	i really do love this place. i always end up coming here with my friends when we're at vegas. they have a great selection of old school arcade games to new touch screen ones!it's a great place with interesting prizes. i've won black shutter mustache shades, white shutter mustache shades, a long panda hat, etc. i've actually hit the 500 ticket jacket pot before on that one frog wheel game. the roller coaster simulator inside the arcade is pretty interesting. 4 of my friends actually went on it, but be warned, if you're a guy, it might hurt you a lot considering how you spiral down. i think it's pretty worth it, only 5 bucks per ride too. the actual rollercoaster, can be terrifying if it's your first time on one. and that's what i ended up doing. honestly, i'm terrified of any thrill rides, but this was my first time. i ended up crying, losing my voice, almost passing out, etc. it had drops, barrel rolls, and a 360 loop. it's around 17 dollars, but for an all day pass, it's around 25 dollars. go have fun.
4	This was my jam.I took so many tokens from this place back in the 90's. I was an arcade master. We were staying at the Monte Carlo, but because of a lack of a decent (well any) arcade, we would walk our teenage selves to the New York New York arcade (different time)So that being said, for some guy named nostalgia's sake, I dragged the girlfriend here, albeit before hours, to see the old stomping grounds.The types of games have changed over the year. More and more WII style games.. but the character still remains and it's just a place where kids can be kids.A feeling that too many Vegas locations have lost.
2	This place sucks and It's overpriced..fat boy behind the counter was trying to get funny, he should feel lucky i didn't knock his ass out!
3	In comparison to other arcades I've been to, this one is decent, though not outstanding. There are plenty of options for a variety of game players, but the cost to play is pretty outrageous. Not to mention, you have to have cash in order to get tokens, since is no option to use your credit/debit card. When playing ReRave, I was really disappointed that my scores wouldn't count since the wifi was disconnected. Let's hope they'll just save themselves the time of connecting it and just get a new ReRave Plus machine instead, eh?However, I do realise it IS Vegas, so they're gonna charge out the butt. So it was downright amazing when an employee saw us dominating the ReRave machine, and then gave us several free games. Talk about awesome! :)
3	For two adults who dislike gambling, we had a pretty good time here for an hour or so. There were a few air hockey tables and an old 2-player hockey game that we enjoyed for quite some time. The drop machines were terrible (couldn't get a grip on anything!), and most of the newer fun machines cost a ton. The idea of a credit-type card for credits is fine, especially since it stores your tickets on there as well. For a basic arcade, we had a good time. My main issue was going to redeem our tickets (for our daughter), we waited for a LONG time, and there was no sense of order to the 'check out' process. The employees took whoever pushed ahead, spoke up, or was closest to them at the moment. They didn't smile, say hello, or offer any interaction more than was absolutely necessary. Too bad, because there were a lot of kids who were really happy to be there and get a prize - the kids' joy could have been contagious instead of staying so sour.
3	This is an average arcade with plenty of ticket games, a couple decent games like rerave and DDR Extreme, and a few extras. There is an ITG2 cabinet in the back of the arcade that has decent pads, and even has the elusive MaxFlight Simulator. The roller coaster here is the fastest and tallest on the strip now that the Sahara shut it's doors, but the price to get on is a hefty $14 a ride. If you do choose to go on this ride, do not sit anywhere other than front, or this coaster will beat your neck and back to submission.Otherwise, it is a decent arcade that caters to the average Vegas tourist. Check this out if you want a unique arcade
