4	Should I preface this review with my usual, "I don't usually go for _______" and then go into the reasons why I like this place? I am known for choosing the second option if given the choice, but I have been more open when it comes to this cuisine.Having worked in a Mexican restaurant for three years. Keep your jokes about the role reversals to yourselves. That is probably one of the reasons why I am not that fond of food from south of the border. I am the minority in a group that loves Mexican and Tex-Mex food. Located behind the convenience store, this place is easily overlooked if you are not searching for it. I almost didn't find it even though I was on a mission. The restaurant was empty, so we were the focus. It probably would have been the same if there were others there as well. The lady working the front was friendly and quick to check up on us. As soon as we sat down, we were given a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa. Both are bottomless. They offer a salsa bar, but none of the other salsas taste as good as the pico de gallo. We had ordered water to drink, but when she came back I was surprised that she brought bottled water. It is a dollar, if you don't want to pay, make sure to clearly state tap. This just added to the authenticity of my visit. I pretended that we were in Mexico and it was unsafe to drink the tap water.Thanks to a friend, every time I go to a Mexican restaurant I wonder how their carnitas are. I ordered the slow cooked pork in a burrito with guacamole and asked for it smothered in the green chili sauce. The burrito is large, stuffed with meat, rice, beans, and a good helping of the green stuff. It was fantastic. The pork was juicy without being too fatty. My only complaints are that the carnitas were overly seasoned and none of the salsas packed any heat. If not for the other ingredients, the burrito would have been extremely salty. My friend had ordered the vegetarian burrito with the same extras as I. She loved that they had sauteed cabbage in addition to the normal peppers and onions. For both of our meals, it came out to twenty one dollars and some change. I would not think twice about coming back here again.
3	Small little place.  Kinda left unsatisfied and still hungry. Spent around $11 on a soda, 2 tiny enchiladas with refried beans and rice, and free chips with salsa. They had only one server and a cook who doubled as the bus boy. Not a lot of taste going for the enchiladas and the salsa was ok. One plus was that food got there pretty quick after being ordered.  Ask for little ice with your soda, they brought me a large cup of ice topped with a few gulps of soda, finished before I even got my food, and wasn't offered a refill. I'll stick to where I usually go for Mexican.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. It's an authentic mom and pops place. I love their #2 chicken with a light creamy spicy sauce. I can't remember what it's called.  Chips and salsa are great. I've had their soup, taquitos. I haven had anything I didn't like yet.It is located in an odd little shopping center.  I don't think I would have ever ventured had I not gone with coworkers the first time.
5	By far one of the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.  The Chicken Cilantro soup is a must have with every meal.  The service is quite friendly, the food tastes very fresh, and the menu has a great variety of traditional and Tex-Mex cuisine.  If you didn't know it was there, you would miss this gem of a restaurant.
5	I used to work for a securities company & a coworker came back with food from this resturant. She said it was pretty good, and I went to try it for myself, and have been going back ever since then, and that was more than 5yrs ago. It is a little hole in the wall, but it is undoubtly my favorite Mexican Resturant in Vegas, and I have tried more than half in the city. The staff is always smiling and friendly, and I love their chips and salsa, usually with a glass of iced tea, their Chicken Burrito with rice and beans & Green sauce is my absolute favorite, but they also have good chicken taco's and their chimichanga is delish! Everything on their menu is good, I have taken many family and friends there, and no one has complained yet! You have to just go by there and try it for yourself. I really like it, they have had the same cook there in the A.M. for all these years, and he sooooo kicks ass! You will probably leave there with a smile on your face and a very happy and full tummy! Viva El Herradero! :)
3	It's ok. Standard zero atmosphere place, no problem there.Food is just average, or maybe below.Prices are ok for dinner, but seem kinda high for lunch.For way better food at a slightly better price, I would go down the street to Tacos y Tortas el Panzon.
3	First, I wish I knew they did NOT have their LIQUOR license before going: maybe it's just me but an ice cold Negra Modelo or margarita go hand-in-hand with great Mexican food!But then the food was not great so maybe that's why. Ambiance was lacking too (removing the thick plastic table coverings would help).Tasty? Absolutely! El Herradero will do in a pinch when you're craving some south-of-the-border flavors, just know the quality is mediocre if you're a Mexican cuisine foodie.
3	Better for take-out than lingering for atmosphere. My friend of nearly 40 years came to town from Philly, seeking "Mexican" like we enjoyed in Colorado as college students. Thanks to Yelp, I found El Herradero - not far from my home in Anthem. The kitchen is fantastic with great dishes and no 'attitude'. Superb value.  3 stars for the food. The dining area is so-so.
3	Since I work in the area, I have passed by this restaurant on quite a few occasions. I finally got the chance to try it out since my coworker was craving a bean burrito for lunch. I opted for the three taco lunch special which comes with three tacos of your choice and a soda. They have hard and soft shell options. I chose the hard shell chicken taco and two soft with carne asada and carnitas, just to get a little sampling of a few options. My dining partner ordered the burrito special with chicken. The chicken and carne asada were pretty good, I was a little disappointed by the carnitas. All the tacos could have used a little more flavoring as they seemed a little on the blander side, but there is potential. I added some of the salsas they offer at their salsa bar, which only consists of three varieties (medium, hot and verde) and that helped. My coworker said her burrito was just ok. She had hoped it would be a little on the cheesier side. Overall, I had a pleasant meal and I look forward to giving this little shop another chance soon since their prices seem pretty reasonable and they have a relatively extensive menu.
3	Good, solid Mexican food right near work. Try the Macho Burrito covered in Chili Verde.  Oh, and I almost forgot: free Wifi.
4	Mmmmm good breakfast
5	Always delicious, salsa is the bomb, love the friendly girl who is always working. They will make whatever you dream up too! Chile Relleno burrito is the best! Tiny ,casual type restaurant, usually get mine to go but the service is great when I stay.
5	The waitress is always smiling and the food is consistently great !! Love the chips and Salsa!! Now they serve free soup too !!
4	Only tried the huevos ala mexicana!  Great dish! Very authentic! Just enough hot to make your eyes and nose run but not so much that you can't breathe! Seem to be family owned. Man and woman in the back putting out some great looking dishes!
5	I've been searching for authentic Mexican food since I moved here from Cali. The food here is always on point. It's a family owned business and the interior isn't fancy but the food is cooked fresh, delicious, and the service is always friendly. My husband and I love going here anytime we crave Mexican.
5	Solid 5 stars. Love small divey places that serve good food. Had a wet burrito to go. Still hot when we got home.  Daughter had a chimichanga and ate.it all. And wife had a veggie something. Dont pay much attwntion to her vegetarian foods. Lol.  Will def be a regular. Love supporting small business.
3	This was a nice place. Busy for lunch. Sweet hostess/waitress. Good was good. Not exceptional but good. Will be back. Prices are decent.
4	I have been coming here for years. My wife works right up the street so we head here for lunch when we can. I love the Chicken En Chipotle, it is spicy and full of flavor, but don't order it unless you can stand the heat. The tacos are solid too and the wet burritos are great. It can get busy at lunch so be prepared. It seems like most of their biz is during lunch. Maria is one of the servers and is a gem. Be nice!
5	Very nice people and great food! Got warm chips AND a salsa bar...that's my type of bar....also dessert bars are nice as well. Back to this place, cheap, fast and friendly...pretty damn good these days.
5	I live right down the street from here. I have meaning to stop by and try this for some time now. Located in a strip mall I expected to find it to be like a fast food kind of restaurant . I sat down and a nice lady took our order and brought it to the table. Our food came to our table pretty fast. I ordered enchiladas and rice and it was all really good. I enjoyed my lunch very much and will return.
4	I work so close to hear that I am surprised I haven't tried it yet. So far, I've only had a chicken macho burrito, enchilada style with salsa verde, but it was fantastic. I will definitely be exploring their menu more in the future.
