3	A decent local bar located in the Idlewild shopping plaza off of 485. They have a gulf coast atmosphere. Nicely decorated. Pretty basic menu for lunch and casual dinner. Burgers, Po Boys, and the like. Plenty of tv's to catch games on. It's not Cheers but there is definitely a feel of locals stopping in for a brew. They have music, DJs and bands at night so it's worth checking out for that alone.
2	decent but not anything to go out of your way for, and the main drawback is the da-n Hemby Brodge/Stallings cops, who swarm around the place like flies on a carcass waiting for someone to do something wrong so they can nail 'em for a DUI
4	Decent little bar with a good menu and .. they carry Fat Tire.. Some of there food is great, and some is so-so.. but they have really good wings!  and... Fat Tire.  They have some decent bands on the weekends, and since it's close to my house, it's definitely a good place to start the evening out, or grab a bite on the way home.  Chatting with Jenny (the owner) is reason enough to stop in.
5	I think I may have found my new hang out bar... and it's less than 5 minutes away from my house!  This shopping center is "relatively" new to Idlewild Rd. and I had seen Skinnyz open up from the beginning (when it was a Lowe's Foods instead of a Harris Teeter).On a Monday night, it was kinda dead, but I really needed a beer and food.  Man, I was not disappointed.  The place bodes a "come and relax" atmosphere with a beachy vibe.  There are lit palm trees and the benches are gigantic Adirondack chair-backs.  Bar in the middle, tvs around to watch sports and whatnot.I decided to try the grouper bytes basket.... fried, with hush puppies, Cajun battered fries, and coleslaw.  It's a lot of food for $9!  The breading on the grouper was nice a light... the grouper perfectly moist and flakes after you get through the light batter.  Hush puppies were very good - crispy outside and just enough softness inside.Bartender was nice and talked to us a little since it was slow.  My buddy told me the crowd can be somewhat... interesting.  I couldn't tell since no one was there when we were, but I will hope to find out more.They have gator on the menu!  Just ask if it is available.  I think that will be the next food choice I have here at my "new" local hangout.
4	"A taste of Alabama's Gulf coast" is right in matthews.... Easily accessible by 485, (the Idlewild road exit) Skinnyz is in the corner of a shopping center and a nice slice of paradise in NC.  You can grab a cold one at the bar and also enjoy their unique offerings... Fried gator.... I haven't had the pleasure but the grouper is pretty amazing.  They also have traditional burgers and sandwiches if seafood is not your thang.Come in and relax in an anarondeck chair booth or at the bar and enjoy some beach music and good company!The bar is a little grass hit with the restaurants dollar bills hanging all over it.  Definitely a unique place and right near my house!!!
3	Definitely an interesting place, and not too many people would expect to see a little island flavor in a strip mall off of 485, so there is that. The walls are adorned with all sorts of goodies to help take your mind off the fact that you are indeed just in a strip mall, and the bar itself is outfitted like a tiki bar.items on the menu are not overly surprising for a bar - you have some burgers and some fish and there is even fried gator on the menu, if you're feeling adventurous (while I've had fried gator before, I haven't had it here).Staff is friendly, but when I've been, the place is typically empty. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, except it doesn't really explain why the food takes a while to come out and isn't terribly interesting. If there isn't anyone else there, the food should be able to be served pronto, and they could take a little care.I get it, i've done my time in restaurants, so when no customers are there, the day can drag, but you have to make those that are there want to come back or no one will ever come back!
1	Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore Is place is Closed permanently it is closed no longer open not open anymore
