3	Since when do Walmarts have Nail/Hair Salons and Subways?! I'm not complaining, I love them 24 hour Walmart Supercenters! This little guy is hidden on Wilkinson, conveniently located on the way to the airport.Subtracting points for being extremely low on stock for make up.
3	I like this Wal-Mart.......but only during the day time. The convenience of the location, cheap prices and cleanliness of the store are the only thing going for for them. The cashiers always seem to be too involved with their own conversations with other employees who are assisting them bag my items. Maybe I'm naive and don't think it takes two people to bag six items but que sera sera right? If I could not be solicited by randoms when walking to or from my car that would be fan-friggin-tastic. When I go here, I have my blinders on--run in for what I need, hope I don't have to hear about some mofo who owes the cashier money, get my stuff and get to my car. Even though the clientele and employees aren't the best, I keep going back for more since I'm a glutton for punishment.
1	Got to be the worst of all Walmarts!!! Lousy service, bad selection all dept.'sEmployees are rude and act as if you're bothering them when you ask for assistance......the door greeters act as if your a thief when you go out.
2	Eh, Wally. I hate it. Sometimes when you are far away from home and you need to get buttermilk for Mamie White at midnight you have no other choice. We did not blend well at this store.
2	Some Wal-Marts are located out in more rural areas and some are in more urban areas. This is one of the urban ones and while I don't know if there is a direct correlation from store quality to local population, I know that this is a Wal-Mart that I did enjoy shopping.It wasn't the screaming kids, it wasn't the broken wheeled cart, it wasn't even the tight parking lot with the Char-Meck police 'viewing tower' parked. It was just... dull and beat up. From the shelf stocking to the lack of engaged associates, it's just not that good. This store still has everything, but I can't really say that I will return unless I am in this area for one reason or another.Two stars - I've experienced better. Much better.
4	This is a hood Walmart and I like that.  When Jeezy is pumpin through the store and the electronics section looks like a club full of dancing people, you just have to love it.  The store setup was different than most walmarts im used to, but I can always find what im looking for. Plus i usually just run in here for the essentials anyway.  Greeters are always nice ( my dream job) and they check your receipt on the way out.  This makes me reminisce of living in the hood in Jersey, though they would circle my total there.  This place is never too busy so the lines usually only have one person in front of you.  Thats a huge plus.  The only thing that I agree with is that the cashiers are usually preoccupied with something else.  Though I really dont care, im at wally world and I am just trying to get in and get out.
1	I will never come to this Walmart again. Rude employees, disorganized and dirty. I guess it's ok if you live close by (which I don't). This Wally World closes at twelve. Probably the first one I been to that isn't open 24 hours. Strange huh?
4	This walmart is close to where I live and we do our grocery shopping here. We can get a lot for our bucks. Yes it is a little hood but hey you are on the west side of town. I've never had an employees be outright rude to me. There have been a few times where the cashiers didn't greet me and just started checking me out but I realize they are probably just tired and ready to go home so I don't take it to heart. Make sure you go to the electronics section for a dance party.
1	Be careful purchasing meat and other perishable items here...  I have bought and had to return three separate items on three separate trips that were clearly marked expired...  The sausage I purchased today expired on May 3, 2013... What?!  No.  Unacceptable...  Additionally, I bought one of those packaged fruit cup deals about 2 or 3 weeks ago... The grapes had fuzzy mold on them... The other item was another meat product that expired about 2 weeks before the current date... Ew.Third time's a charm, I'm done.
1	By far the worst place ever! Worst customer service, worst atmosphere, disgusting people that shop there. I had to stand in line at the customer service and the lady "helping me" was complaining about the fact that I wanted to find my size from a different store (normally I would look online but I figured I'd ask just to be on the safe side). She was extremely rude! ...by the way, I drove to a the Independence Blvd. location which claimed over the phone to the lady "helping me" that they had my size, only to get there and they tell me that they don't have them! UNBELIEVEABLE!
1	I would rather pay double than go to this walmart again. Don't go... Just don't go. Horrible place. Where to begin? First of the month is a circus of rude people and crowded slammed with food stamps. It was 5PM and there was 2 isles open for 150 people. If you want to know what is wrong with America go to this walmart. You will see first hand. Don't try and check out either. Rude person after rude person. The door guy is nice at least. Besides that door guy... Yea I'm willing to pay double to never return.
4	I love coming. I always find something I need at a decent price. The some of the staff can use a little bit of people skills, but I would still keep coming to this WALMART.
2	Why do items look like the staff have been playing kick ball with them? And why are there only a handful of lines open during a busy Saturday when we go? Also do not get the cut fruit in the packages. I have gotten two packages of fruit in the past month that have been sour but the date on them said they were fresh...no Ma'am. The staff being friendly is a hit and miss. Some of the young staff act like they have been working in the cotton field all day. As someone who has been in customer service for ten years, no matter how crappy your day is, still treat the customers nicely and be thankful you have employment. I agree with a previous poster, I'd rather pay double than shop at Walmart again.
