4	While I was out picking up some things at Target, I decided it had been far too long since I had been into Marshall's, which is in the same shopping plaza. So I parked in between the two shops and decided to see what they had in stock...This particular Marshall's employs some very friendly staff, I was greeted by multiple people immediately after I walked in, and asked if I needed help finding anything again by someone else later. Marshall's is one of those 'brand name items for less' stores, like TJ Maxx (which owns Marshall's) and Ross. I've been into Ross recently and I must say that the brands I saw in Marshall's were much more 'high-end'. No Prada or Gucci but they did have nice Ray-ban sunglasses, Juicy Couture handbags, and some super cute Calvin Klein sweater dresses... all at very reasonable pricing.The best part was probably the shoe department... It is all is sorted by style, not a jumbled mess of shoes by size like some discount retailers. I ended up leaving empty handed... but only because I started to guilt trip myself about buying personal items before my Christmas shopping was finished! I will certainly be back.
3	Came here yesterday for the 1st time, strange considering Ive lived about 8 mintues from it for over 1.5 yrs. . Anyway, its nowhere near as abundant as other marshall's I've seen. Figured as much. The shoe collection didnt seem as vast, or as nice. Kinda dissappointed. My love bought me a new sun/day dress and a new top. I dont have many tops that arent t-shirts considering that I am a CSN student and have no need to get dressed up most days of the week. He got a pair of shorts and short sleeve button up and a tie all for $70 ish.This Marshalls reminded me more of a TJ maxx than It did Marshall's which I find to be on the top of my list in the ways of discount shopping. it goes as follows:1)Marshalls2) Burlington Coat Factory3) ROSS4) TJ MaxxI do have a few other places I hit up depending on how much $ I am willing to spend. But I cant give away all my secrets then everyone will take the good finds. I willt ell you this.. Nordstrom Rack is great, if you are wear everything in smedium. I do not. :)
4	I like this store more than any other discount stores. I have found it to be the cleanest and friendliest store around. I like that it is next to Target and that I can just walk the whole block and hit almost ebery store in the strip.
5	I've been to this store about 3 times since moving to the Las Vegas area a few weeks ago. The store has been clean which is always a plus with me. I've found some nice things and they didn't give me any problems when I brought a couple of items back...another plus!Overall good experience.
3	This store is pretty disorganized, like most of these type of stores are.They have a wide selection of clothes, including children, men, women's and athletic wear.They also have a home section, that has pillows, sheets, quilts, bedspreads, and what not.I didn't find what I was looking for, but that is ok. Maybe next time.
1	This store sucks !! Don't tell me what form of payment to use what if I don't want to use cash what if I would rather accumulate points . Don't use sharpies for your brows either I can't take you seriously .
4	When we moved to this area of town I initially avoided this store as I've not had good experiences at various Marshall's in the past.  It is near the Target I frequent and one day I finally went in to explore. I wish I had stopped in sooner! The store is well organized for a discount store: the shoes are sorted by size, similar home items are grouped together on shelves, clothes are arranged by size and style, and toys/games/books are easily accessible. Additionally, I often find high end products here and I've found brands I now love that I wouldn't even know about had I not perused the aisles at my neighborhood Marshall's. There can be some disorganization depending on the time of day, but I have found that the staff does a good job keeping the store in order.
4	I love this place. Good selection for women shirts. The men's selection is skimpy but I usually go to shop for myself so whatever. Never a line and they have some homegood selections as we'll including dishes, towels, etc.
4	I used to love going to Marshalls frequently..They carry a large selection of pretty much everything. I like to think of it as a classy garage sale if that makes any sense. It's usually a hit or miss. I browsed in the apparel department and didnt seem to find anything. It was pretty cluttered.. However, I was able to find a cute pair of Betsey Johnson flats for $40. NOT BAD ! I'm usually picky when it comes to flats and heels. I would say, they had a decent selection.
