3	Three stars. Please keep in mind that I'm comparing it to other cheap Chinese take-out and not to fine restaurants. The place looks a bit rough but the Chinese girl behind the counter was cheerful. We had the Mongolian beef and the Szechuan shrimp - no fortune cookies! The Mongolian was a generous serving and came with plain steamed rice, the Shrimp was a smaller portion because it shared its container with yellow fried rice. The dishes had a little zest to them and -unlike Best Wok which is located in the shopping center caddy corner from them- tasted completely different from each other. Other than the Mongolian sauce too sweet after-taste it all tasted pretty good . Best Wok loses, New Chin Chin wins!
3	We did another takeout dinner from there. I don't like egg-rolls period but their stuffing was pretty good. We shared a quart of the Schezuan  shrimp, the broccoli, onion and peppers were crisp, the mushroom and the shrimp was delish..All in all I'd rate this place the best Chinese take out I ever tried. ps Caveat emptor best take out doesn't mean best restaurant.
3	Still 3 stars take outI forgot to mention this: make sure to ask for spicy or very spicy!If you forget to do so -as was the case with our last two take -outs - you'll find the dishes to be bland. Luckily we are well prepared at home with assorted garlic-chilli , hot Mango Chutney, and other exotic condiments
2	Had the orange chicken & sesame chicken combo's. Both meals were bland and tasted exactly the same. The crab rangoons were good. Egg rolls were ok.
4	I've tasted couple of Chinese place and it's nothing compare to Chin Chin. The food is good. Is not greasy like others. If you don't want your food spicy make sure to let them know before hand. I'm a NYer and this is close to the same in NY. Wouldn't change Chin Chin. The food is also inexpensive.
2	I love Chinese food, but I don't love New Chin Chin.We ordered the Pu Pu Platter (essentially an appetizer sampler), Kung Pao Shrimp, and Chicken Mei Fun. Here's a run down of what we got:Egg rolls: They were greasy and bland. Couldn't taste a lot over the amount of grease - seems like the oil needs to be hotter to fry correctly - the shells just absorbed tons of oil.Shrimp toast: It was ok. The bread was burnt, but the shrimp topping was pretty good. Not much of it, though.Ribs & Chicken Skewers: VERY bland. The ribs were pretty chewy, too. No sauce to speak of, very dry and plain.Fried shrimp: Ew. Just not good, the breading tasted like plain bread crumbs. No seasoning and no flavor.Kung Pao Shrimp: Supposed to be hot and spicy, more like bland and flavorless. The shrimp were overcooked, and the sauce had no flavor. They also left out my rice (which they steamed in the microwave when I got there), but I didn't mind.Chicken Mei Fun: The only thing I need to say is that I don't think it was chicken.In short: I wouldn't go here again.
1	Simply will not be back! We will stick with Best Wok! Worst beef and broccoli ever. I'm still hugging the toilet
2	Worst Honey chicken , fried rice was just ok, seems quality has gone down since my last visit
