5	I'm almost reluctant to even post this because I want to be able to replicate my recent experience next year and fear this could be a 'call something paradise, kiss it goodbye' sort of thing.  But this place was tops!Starting with the golf course, the only possible nitpicking I could do would be to suggest that the greens were somewhat unsightly.  I think through verticutting, the greens had a sort of brown and green striped look to them.  But they were firm, fast and rolled very true.  Outside of that the course was excellent.  Landing areas for the tee shots were pretty large and the approach shots and greens were very challenging.  The course layout required many different shots and was interesting to play.  While not spectacular there were views towards Phoenix.Alone the course itself would be at least 4 stars but what makes it a definite 5 star rating was the total package.  The all-inclusive rate was an incredible deal.  For just slightly more than an average rate (so much less than any of the higher priced courses) we received unlimited golf (we only played 27 holes), 2 meals (breakfast and lunch - breakfast was average, lunch was very good), and a couple of drink coupons and a snack coupon for the on course cart.  I will definitely return on my next golf trip to Phoenix!
5	I've played this course on several occasions, and it is one of the most underrated courses in the valley.  With golf holes and conditioning that rivals any Scottsdale course, it is definitely worth the drive to Buckeye (it's out there!).  If it was closer, I'd play there every month.
4	Handicap: 4-12 (depends on how long I take a break for).I can't give this place 5 stars only because I'm not a huge fan of dessert golf. Played here a few times now because my parents bought a place a stone's throw away and I have to say that it's very very nice. I didn't realize how nice it was until I played other highly rated golf courses in Arizona (eg WeKoPa). If WeKoPa is rated one of the best in Arizona, I'd have to say Raven at Verrado is up there. I'm a golf snob and I give this place a huge thumbs up (and 4 stars... obviously). If you're ever in the area, I'd highly recommend it. Oh... and it's not ridiculously expensive like the other places in Scottsdale. They're pretty much a rip off over there.
4	Nice course with interesting holes and typically in good shape. Good views of the valley as well. It's a long drive but worth it.
5	I liked everything about this course. From arrival to departure it was a wonderful golf experience. Customer service matched that of a private course. The practice facility was top notch and the course was a very fun layout and in very good condition. The greens were a little hard, but I am sure that is because I played it in the middle of the summer!
5	I was here for a wedding and this place was so pretty.  I had to be one of the first one there for hair and makeup so I spent 8am-10pm at the venue.  I was able to watch the staff transform the space and it looked really beautiful.  The bar has great food which came in handy.  The quesadillas were really good.  There was also a prom going on at the same time but you would have never known unless you saw the teens in the parking lot.  They did a great job keeping the events separate.
1	Nice desert course with some great views, but in poor condition. Yes, I know it is summer in Arizona but this was in worse shape then other course I played the same week. It was also a overall bad experience.My friend set up the tee time on line through the Raven's page, not some 3rd party company, and it was the Raven at Verrado page. Well, when we get there the lady has no reservation for our group, and other then admitting fault, tries to blame us saying we were the one to make the mistake. It wasn't until my friend pulled it up on his email which confirmed our tee time, and also showed the $10 that was put as a deposit. Yup, they took his $10 and still showed no tee time. When he asked where the $10 when the lady stated that she had no idea.Lucky for us it was a Monday so we were still able to get on because they were not that busy. The first green should have been a sign of things to come as it was about 40% grass and 60% sand. This was par for the rest of the course. All of the greens were this same very poor condition. The third hole was the biggest bust of all though. As one of my friends was in mid swing of his drive, a grounds man took off in a gator cart right behind him. If you don't know, those gator carts are LOUD. Then he drove up to the green and turned the sprinklers on. I just about lost my mind! Between all the years of golf my friends and I have, we have never seen anything like this.I am sure this was an isolated incident because Raven's are generally very nice, and I would like to play here again. However, this was an awful experience.
5	I will be in Phoenix in two weeks and I can't wait to get back to Verrado.  This is my second favorite course in the valley.  Very scenic, challenging and in excellent condition.  Then after golf sit on the patio for lunch in one of the best settings at any course I have played.  Great food, view, and lots of local beers on tap.
4	These accomodations are crazy. The interior decor is so gaudy you wouldn't believe. It looks like the kind of place that your grandma would say is really nice. How about those vine work wallpaper borders all over the room? Nice touch. And oh, the wooden venetian column heads nailed into entryways, stunning. Word brah, how about the vermin that were living in my bathroom sink the whole time I was there and never cleaned out by housekeeping.Watch out for top floor rooms. That air conditioner is on the roof right over your bed.Dood, if you found this place because it had a low business rate, and you're trying to be budget conscious, think for two minutes about how poorly you're going to sleep. It's also far away from every place that anyone on business would want to be at.
2	We had our wedding at this Beautiful location. The event locations beautiful. The waitstaff  however is not so friendly. Be prepared to have someone do all your work and keep an ion the wait staff
