4	This Quick Trip, by FAR is my favorite QT.. Right on the Corner of Highland and 16th Street! The inside of this store is always bright and clean, the help here is SUPER FAST!! The pumps always work and the window wash stuff is always full of liquid and paper towels. I think there is a sense of pride at this QT that sets it apart from the pack! The only thing about the place that I'm not a fan of... is the fact the Phoenix Police set up their DUI van and satellite arrest area in the far end of their parking lot on Thursday through Saturday  nights...
4	I come to this QT location in the mornings before work to get whatever it is I may need before work.  This location, like other QT's, seems to be quite busy!  lots and lots of traffic in and out of here at any given time of the day.The service here is really quick, so your in and out in no time.  Staff is friendly and efficient, and location is almost always in good clean condition.  Competitive prices on gas, they have decent coffee and muffins that are quite tasty and much cheaper then most other places around.  They also have a lot of gas pumps and parking spaces, so you'll never really have to wait to get gas or get in and out of this location.The only downside is that people here don't drive well in the parking lot.  You really have to pay extra special attention, as I've almost gotten hit a few times while stopping here in the mornings.  Other then that, its one of the better gas stations in the valley when it comes to fast and friendly service, along with competitive prices for most stuff.
2	What's up with the premium gas in this state being only 91 grade?  Where's the 93? Anyhoo, this is a very busy gas station at the corner of 16th and Highland. When the pumps are full of cars, it's hard to maneuver in and around the parking lot. The store looks a bit short on supplies, but then again I just went inside to pay. I may give it another try, we'll see.  But I'll look elsewhere first.
5	Why review a gas station, you say?? If you have to ask yourself this question, you have clearly never experienced the pure bliss of the QT. I purchased my truck to 2005, and it has never had a tank of anything by QT gas in it unless I'm out of town. Prices run a couple cents cheaper than the other guys, and you get the added benefit of being able to partake of the beverage selection, which puts all other convenience stores to shame.There are few days of my life when I can't be found with a QT fountain cup in hand. Add to that the fact that the QT doesn't take on the faint odor of vagrancy that tends to plague other stores in Phoenix *cough* Circle K *cough*, and you have yourself a winner. QT 4 Life!
2	I usually love QT. But this one scares me. It's always busy, and I guess for them, that's a good thing. Once I had to pee really badly, and I'm usually okay with the cleanliness of QT restrooms. But when I went to grab a seat cover, a frikken SYRINGE fell to the ground! YIKES! GET ME OUTTA HERE! o.0 That was a long time ago, but I still avoid this QT if I can.
2	The gas was $.02 cheaper than Gas Buddy had posted.  That's a plus.The area where the fountain drinks are located was just disgusting.  Every step was echoed with the sound of pulling your shoe/foot up off of the floor.  It was almost as if they had mopped the area with fountain soda and left it to dry.Just gross.Everything else seemed fine but couldn't understand why they seemed to be fully staffed and the area by the drinks was in such horrible condition.
3	This review is for all Valley QT's.  The stores are still generally clean ( the best in the valley ) as far as convience stores are concern plus they have clean restrooms !However, every since QT first arrived in the valley the novelty is starting to wear off.  They now have some of the highest fountain drink prices, gas prices are generally 5-10 cents higher than the competitors and the employees are not as friendly as they used to be.They are not rude just not as friendly as they used to be.In this economy, I give my business to those who offer great deals.  .79 cents for a 32oz soda in a plastic cup and or .89 cents for a 32oz styrofoam cup fountain drinks is not going to cut it when I can get a 44oz .79 cent styrofoam cup at Circle K.At QT a 44oz fountain drink now cost I believe a $1.09.Here's the low down.  I usually go to convience stores for a quick drink and a bite to eat, ie, hot dog.For a 44oz fountain drink and hot dog at Circle K $1.78 before taxes.  QT $2.08 before taxes.  That is a .30 cent difference but when you are buying for a family of four that extra .30 cents adds up quick.Don't get me wrong QT is still supreme when it comes to clean stores and employees but they are slowly but surely becoming more expensive than your local Circle K and 7-11 just to name a couple.Bottomline, I still go to QT but only every now and then.  Circle K despite their filthy stores gets my business more frequently because they save me $$$.Too Each Their Own !
5	Clean and friendly as always!
3	This was my first time here and I didn't know it was a Quick Trip! I remember this used to be a Chevron a few years back. I desperately needed gas and this was the closet place at the time. It was easy to get in and out. I didn't go inside, but the place seemed busy. It was 8pm at night and there were plenty of people filling up on gas and entering the store for goods. I'll have to keep this QT in mind next time I'm in the area.
5	Easy to get in and out of and on the way home from work, so perfect location and reasonable gas prices. Always busy so you know business is good. I've never seen a dirty or mess QT store and this one certainly isn't. It's well kept up both inside and out.
4	Well I needed a snack and I also needed to use the restroom why not stop at the QT conveniently located at Highland and 16th St.   This location it always busy but they always are able to get you in and out in a heartbeat I'm sure I'll be stopping by soon again...  Who knows for what...  They have just about everything!
