5	WOW! $2.50 an item for dry cleaning, cant beat that! I prepaid when I dropped off my items, walking out of there thinking "I hope my clothes come back in one piece at that price!" When they were ready for me, 2 days later, I was astonished by how wonderful my clothes looked!! They looked brand spankin' new! Now, I wont hesitate to bring in an extra garment or two, or three or four, that normally I would penny pinch and wash by hand! Extra bonus: they are open till 7, for all of us working folk and its right off the freeway. Convenient, fast and cheap!
4	I'm impressed. My clothes are fresh and clean. Properly pressed, no holes from safety pins--in fact, Continental Cleaners does not use safety pins--and no gross chemical dry cleaning smell. A painless experience: the attendant was friendly and made note of my garment preferences. (Delicate cycle ONLY for items that Seville Cleaners had nearly destroyed). Fast turn-around:  I dropped off my garments on a Tuesday night after 5, and they were ready the next day after 5.  Plus, prices are very reasonable. I was expecting to pay a lot more, but my bill was $20.50: $2 for each of my skirts and $2.50 for my nice shirts and sweaters.  Such a relief to have a dependable dry cleaner.  It's a little hard to find...it's just east of the Chevron.
4	Well. I usually go to Seville Cleaners, but now that I have a new job, I need a new place that is more convenient. I brought a shirt in a couple days back, and when I came in to pick it up, it was sparkly clean, perfectly pressed, no creases and sharp...as a tack.My only gripe is everything is farmed out....they don't even have an iron in-house, so if you bring other stuff for "Press Only".I will bring my business back. Plus it's right off the 101....so convenient.
1	I will never bring my stuff here again!! They send their stuff out to clean so they TAKE NO REPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE DONE TO YOUR CLOTHES.  If you care about the things you buy I would go somewhere else
1	Would never go back.  They ruined an expensive dress and would not take responsibility for the damage.  They send their stuff out.  If you like your clothes find another cleaner!
4	Taking your clothes in to the dry cleaner can be a pain in the butt, and receiving your clothes back from the dry cleaner ruined is a nightmare. But if you take your dry cleaning to Continental Cleaners, doing your dry cleaning is much less of a gamble.Continental Cleaners does a great job. My clothes are always ready the next day after 4pm, regardless of what time I drop them off the day before, pressed and hanging nicely, and only have a slight smell of chemicals on them when I pick them up - hey, you can't win 'em all! The staff is super friendly - They take the initiative to learn your name if you come in more than once, smile and ask how your day is going, and count every item before you leave to make sure nothing is missing.  As a heads up - You do have to pay when you drop your clothes off, but the odds of there being an issue with your clothes when you pick them up is pretty minimal. Insider note - Ask about their $2.50 membership if you plan on using them more than once. It saves money in the long run, so it's totally worth it.
