1	I bought a Groupon or Living Social deal (can't remember which now) b/c I was looking for a specific medication. BEFORE I purchased the deal, I called to verify that the deal could be used for what I was looking for. I was assured by the receptionist that answered that it could so, I proceeded to purchase. I scheduled an appointment and at my appointment I was told that I could not use the voucher for what I wanted. I was informed that it would be an additional $200 fee to see the Dr. PLUS an extra $90 or so each month. Basically, I was lied to. I followed all necessary steps in calling the location to have all my questions answered first and when I came in they tried to squeeze an extra $300+ out of me. I tell everyone I know to avoid In Shape MD Ballantyne and suggest you stay away too. They are lying crooks.
1	After my initial review, I received a message from Graham (the owner) to asking me to call to to discuss what had happened. I didn't think much would come of the conversation but I called anyways as I thought it would be the polite thing to do. He claimed that he wanted to do something to make the horrible experience up to me. I suggested refunding the money I had paid as that is the only solution that would satisfy me. He refused. Doesn't seem to me that they wanted to resolve the issue at all. I would have been happy with even a partial refund. I am still out the money I spent on the Living Social deal and have nothing but a dent in my bank account to show for it. As stated in my previous review, save your money and STAY AWAY.
5	Being a student gives me not much time for exercise and pre planned meals. InShape has helped me reach my goals of weight loss, but more importantly adopt a healthy lifestyle. I couldn't do it without this team.
4	Went to check out this facility - gonna try it out - will let ya know how it goes ... Little pricy Like the personal attention - Owner & doctors are there - everyone seemed to know their job ...
5	Two months later down 30 lbs so yeah I will tell you that this program not only works but is awesome ! Very pleased with the results I have gotten from them ! Graham is very helpful and answered my calls every single time I've called - even on weekends ! Definitely recommend them ! If you're tired of dieting and really want to change your life - get yourself over there and give it a try ! You won't be disappointed ! Two thumbs way up
