1	This restaurant says that they have a large area that they deliver to but after waiting 45 minutes I got a phone call that they do not deliver 15 minutes away from where they are located, and I ordered $40 worth of food and now it is 7:00 pm. I ask if they deliver to the area when I first called, not a problem. I'm not happy at all.
5	Food is good and delivery is quick. Eat from here often and have never had a bad experience. Try the Singapore Rice Noodles if you eat here.
5	This place is in an industrial area and is easy to miss but keep looking it's there. We have found this place to be the best chinese food in AZ. And not a single item is over $10. There are only about 6 tables but it is rarely busy when we go. Delicious, great portions, my friend is a New York Jew and he loves it. Lol. Go support your local mom and pop restaurant and have some fantastic chinese food. They do carryout and they are right by the 101 so pick some up on your way home.
1	Just went 12/10/12. It was terrible. Rice smelled and tasted like smoke and was very greasy. I literally had to take all the chicken pieces in the rice out because it was terrible unflavored boiled chicken. Lo mein was very greasy and had an off flavor. I can say the sweet and sour rice was good. The hot and sour soup is a 5/10 compared to other places. The dining room is very dirty. the area outside is a dark empty parking lot and honestly it made me nervous since that area isn't that good. Overall I won't be going back and I wish I never went.
2	Based on the reviews I expected this place to be hit or miss, some say terrible, some say the best there is. When I stopped in, this was far from the best, but not the worst either. This is a complete hole in the wall restaurant in an industrial area as stated in another review. If you aren't looking, you probably wouldn't see it. I walked into the place and was immediately glad I was getting my food to go. Its a small dining room in need of some TLC (didn't appear dirty, but decoration wise). Drab and dingy is the best way to describe it. I ordered a lunch special Garlic Chicken, which was a good price. Got my order and it smelled great, went to eat it and was sad I stopped there. You can give food all the aroma you want, but when it lacks flavor it makes you sad inside. Bland food, and on top of it a rather small portion as well. The "spring rolls" are unbelievably tiny, thickness and length of your pinky would be a good comparison. So if you need food, stop there and try it, just don't expect the 5 stars some have given it. I hope I hit them on an off day, but seeing as I was the only person in there I cant imagine that being the case. As for going back, I am extremely reluctant, but I will check back here in hopes for a good review from others.
1	If you really want to experience the worse case of food poisoning in your life..try this place. I use to be a fan and ate there previously. I placed a family order one Sunday night and 2 out of the 3 of us ended up in the Banner ER with severe food poisoning. I would give them "0" stars but Yelp wont allow me...EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
1	Just ordered food from this place and deeply disappointed. My family picked out the  1) Chicken Fried Rice ($6.75), 2) Sizzling Soup ($6.50), and 3) Orange Chicken ($8.50). Our expected total was somewhere around $21.75 given the listed prices. However,  after getting our food delivered, we were hit with a bill of $30.95. After calling to see why there was such a big discrepancy, the lady on the phone informed us that there was a delivery charge added to the order ($3.00). Nowhere on the menu is there anything that notes a delivery charge. Rather, the "We Deliver" notice on the menu simply states "Min. Order $20.00, Not Including Tax." Usually, at most places I've eaten at, where there is a minimum delivery amount, no delivery charge is added. Here, they just shove a charge onto your bill without telling you.Without any satisfaction with respect to the bill, we decided to eat our $30 rice, chicken, and soup... Try should be more appropriate for what was attempted. The sizzling soup contained a single shrimp (no exaggeration) and was cold. The chicken fried rice had roughly three pieces of chicken with the remainder being mostly eggs. As for the orange chicken; well, I am not sure it was chicken. It was the equivalent of attempting to eat the connective tissue found between the joints of chicken bones (if that description helps). All-in-all: I won't be ordering from this place again. The amount of food and bogus charges aren't worth the hassle.
1	I have gotten food from here a couple of times in the past and it was ok maybe 2 stars at best, too bad because they are very close to me. But I got chicken chow mein last night and it was a gelatinous mess. Barely edible and I'm throwing the rest of it away since the amount of noodles they give aren't even enough for one serving and I can't imagine eating it without disguising it in some way. Won't be going back.
5	My family and I have been going here for about 3 years and we love there food. My daughter age 6 loves there beef lo main I always get the house lo main and my husbands favorite is the spicy fried rice. We have no complaints ever and been going there going on 4 years. The staff is friendly,the place itself is a little small but all in all its a great place with great food. If you want good chinese food at a good price this is the place to go!
4	I had the spicy garlic chicken combination with low mein. It was tasty and not overly spicy. The wontons were filled with filling and very delicious. My husband had the shrimp egg foo young. It was light flavorful and not overly greasy.  I appreciated the servers suggestions for accompaniment sides with our meals. This is the third time I've eaten here and have never been disappointed.
1	I did not think it was possible to have Chinese delivery this bad. Every last offering was just the worst it could be. The rice was old and dry. The chicken greasy and... off (I will not go so far as to say spoiled, but I would like to). The beef dishes couldn't be eaten because they were tough, dry, and... um. leathery, yea - that's it. beef flavored leather. I only ordered from this restaurant because they pinned a flyer to my door advertising the establishment as "New York Style Chinese Take Out", and if the meal that I received is what people in New York get for Chinese take out I really feel bad for them.
