4	I visited the Battlefoam Corporate Headquarters while I was in AZ for a convention and had a blast. The building is in an industrial park and holds their retail store as well as about six tables that you can game on if you bring your miniatures."The Good"- The staff. Kyle was manning the register the night we were at the store and he is a great guy that can hold a conversation down with pretty much anyone. Also, Romeo was there and it falls back to the old grade school attitude of you give people you respect a hard time because you feel like you already know them. There were other folks running in and out making last minute arrangements on tables and product for the next day and each one gave a smile or a "Hey" as they walked past.- The selection of product is great. Not only do they obviously have the full selection of Battlefoam, there is a large selection of 40K and WFB. The latest kick is Infinity and the full range is stocked.- The scenery used on the tables is top notch and you can tell made with the intention of being played on... - Display cases filled with beautifully painted miniatures.- Gaming area is well lit.- There are stools for you to rest on when you wait for your opponent to make their moves."The Meh"- Once people get over the fact it is in an industrial park you will settle in. Since this is a fairly new trend and one that is growing... it will be more commonplace."The Bad"- The fact I live in MD and this place is in AZ...
2	Seems like their products are top quality. However....The Gaming Saloon seems to be open when they feel like it. The posted hours on the door and website mean absolutely nothing. Even employees admit that they have no idea when the Saloon is open. Impossible to plan to play there, so I can't go anymore, had to move on to another store.Trying to get custom battlefoam was a nightmare through email. They take over a week to get back to you and then give incorrect information. Felt like I was begging them to take my money. This went on for weeks until I just gave up on them. Got an email saying, "hope we haven't lost your business." Yeah you have lost it. This is no way to run a business.
2	If you play any kind of miniatures wargaming, you've heard of Battle Foam.  If you haven't, that's because you're new to the hobby, don't know about the hobby or are that cheap bastard that stores his minis in pistol or rifle cases...or you're really hard up and make do with cardboard boxes and egg crate foam (hey, I've been there, I don't hate).Products are great.  "For gamers, by gamers" and all that jazz.  Some of their trays are awesome, others need a bit of fine tuning.  However, my issue lies in their online ordering.I ordered a PACK for my Trollbloods warband.  Battle Foam had the exact loadout I wanted and it had a few 5-star reviews.  Coming from other gamers, that's high praise.  Placed my other on January 10.Waiting.And waiting.Guess what, more waiting.Today (1/31/14) I go to their website to check the status of my order.  "Awaiting Fulfillment", whatever that means.  If the foam or PACK was on back order or something, I would have appreciated a call or email (since I gave you both forms of contact information).  I could have ordered this from Steve at the War House and paid his small markup and have this by now.   Hell, all it takes from Steve is a call to Berkeley (or whomever he uses as a distributor now) and maybe a two week wait.  This three week "pending" order is getting ridiculous.Great product, but pretty piss-poor execution.  Get to together, guys.
2	Update:It took them a month, but I finally got my case.  Other gamers mentioned that my wait time was normal.  Next time I'll place an order from the War House and at least hold onto my money until I actually receive my purchase.Besides, it's always nice to buy from your Friendly Neighborhood Game Store (and save on shipping too).
