4	Ate here while staying at the Red Rock -- it's on the casino level of the hotel. OK, so I'll say up front that I was already a little drunk when we got here... but it was still good.The wait staff was attentive... perhaps a little too much. I felt a little rushed through my meal. I'm a slow eater, especially when it comes to fajitas and talking to my friends.The sangria was good,  but not the best I've ever had. But still, 4 stars for a solid plate of food and good drink.
5	This place was totally unexpected. After moving to Vegas two weeks ago, I was in the mood for some Mexican food and my husband was in the mood for some Texas Hold'Em. Anyhow, we were greeted and promptly seated despite it being 7pm on a Saturday night. A warm basket of chips with 3 salsas and refried beans for dipping and I was already a happy girl... but then when searching the drink menu for what type of margarita I wanted we saw a pink or blue cotton candy beverage, topped with cotton candy, that we had to try. We got the pink, and we were very pleased- delicious!I asked the waitress for a entree recommendation and she said her favorite was the chicken suiza. OH MY GOD. I have never EVER had a dish so flavorful, chicken so moist and ultimately mind blowing. Mexican food is never this impressive! My husband ordered cheese enchiladas and was also pleased-- I would say though, that the portions were not as overwhelming-- it was enough but not as much as previous yelpers had mentioned. For dessert we had the "fried" ice cream. Basically, vanilla ice cream covered in corn flakes with chocolate and caramel sauces- perfect! All desserts are only $2.50 and petite, but the perfect ending to the meal. Overall, an excellent meal and we will be back... as Red Rocks has quickly become our favorite casino. Also, if the weather is nice, the "patio" seating is well worth it. Gorgeous surroundings-- palm trees, water, etc. I would guess the ambience we had outside
4	cabo's is a mexican restaurant with a nightclub feel. big screens everywhere. lots of help & lots of partiers. there is a bar right when you enter and booths all along the main wall. the atmosphere is very comfy & busy. the service is impeccable-fast,friendly and very helpful. the food is great. chips & dips for free and all the entrees are good. we usually do fajitas,chimichangas,enchiladas and taco salad.very suprising for a casino. nice & spicy. fresh & hot!(at palace station)don't go. what a mistake thinking the same place in the palace station would have the same quality of food.the menu is the same-the decor is old-mexican with a cantina(tables & chairs) in the front. no tv's in the restaurant. the chips were stale. the salsa was not fresh. and of course the entrees-suuuuucked!! cold-bland and awful-taste like everything at the palace station!!i would go to the red rock!!
3	The chips were very fresh and tasty, and the accompanying salsa and bean dip were also quite good. We ordered the table-side guacamole, and it was quite yummy also. The entrees were somewhat disappointing, just average. My rice and beans were on the dry side and didn't have a lot of flavor. The shrimp in my shrimp tacos were not very fresh but were okay. For the price, it's about right, but we were hoping for something a little more.
3	we're from san diego so mexican places have tough competition for comparisons.  margaritas are great... i had the perfecto and the pomegranate.  not disappointed.  chips and salsa are good since they give you 3 different salsas and refried beans.  the entrees are just okay... the carnitas were not to especial.  and our waiter was not so attentive.
3	We were in the mood for Mexican and decided to give this place a whirl. There was a wait for the restaurant, but tables at the bar, so we sat at the bar. Chips and salsa were brought immediately as well as our drink order. I thought none of the salsas were particularly hot (I love spicy) but had decent flavor. I had enchiladas and my hubby had the fajitas. Our meals were fine. There wasn't anything wrong with anything, just nothing memorable or special I guess. Our waiter Paul was excellent. He had all the tables in the bar full and running smoothly, he was quite impressive!
4	Really good mexican food....love the four different dips for chips. The enchiladas and fajitas were excellent. Recommended!
3	The food at Cabo is solid but nothing unique. It's the same type of menu items you can find at most Mexican restaurants these days. However, the execution of those items is pretty good. The steak in my chimichanga was tender and the flavor was great. The outside of the chimichanga was fried perfectly -- light and crispy -- and they didn't smother it in cheese. It had just the right amount on top. My wife's chicken tacos lacked flavor, but adding some of their salsa to it helped. And speaking of salsa, the chips and salsa they bring out are good, along with the guac and bean dip. The cheese quesadilla appetizer was big enough for 3 or 4 people and was also cooked perfectly. The service was great. Our waiter was always stopping by to check if we needed anything and to refill our drinks. It was a good experience all around.
3	This Mexican restaurant is actually inside the Red Rock casino. The menu has a lot of variety and there should be something for almost everyone. There are a ton of TV's so you can catch the game while you are eating. Strangely enough, there was actually a wedding in the back of the restaurant while we were there. The guests kept passing through the main part of the place. Interesting.While the service is very good some of the dishes were not well prepared. Most of the meats lacked a lot of flavor. It wasn't an awful experience but it could have been better to be sure.
5	I really enjoyed eating here, the chicken suizas are fabulous.  They bring out chips with a variety of salsa, all very good.  Try the table side guacamole, very good stuff.  For dessert, the apple churros are to die for.
1	I went to this place with a local friend around 8-8:30 PM on Tuesday, 1/19/10.   I had the Baja Carnitas (listed under specialties) and a margarita.  About 4-5 hours later I developed terrible stomach cramps, vomiting, and diarrhea---obvious symptoms of food poisoning.  I had not eaten anything else since noon so I'm confident it was this dinner that got me.  I wasn't able to get around until about 3PM the next day.  At that time I went over to the SHOT Show to check in.  The registration person was a local who lived in the area of town near the Redrock.  After hearing my experience, she told me she spent a day in the hospital after dining at the Redrock's buffet.This restaurant is capable of producing appetizing looking Mexican food.  However, they need to spend a lot more effort on keeping food either adequately cold or sufficiently hot.  Otherwise, food permitted to remain at room temperature too long will develop the bacteria that produce this sort of food poisoning.  I'm sending a letter to the restaurant and to the Nevada governmental entity responsible for restaurant inspections.
2	My friends and I decided to eat here after watching a movie due to it's decent prices and convenience of already being at the Red Rock. Also because we've all mutually agree that military messing facilities and a good 80% of airline food we've eaten is better then anything the "Feast" Buffet can offer.Going here was like the opening scene from Saving Private Ryan. Cabo met all our demands for a place to eat that offered variety and good food to cost ratio, similar to how  Omaha beach was chosen for the invasion of Normandy. After we ordered everything looked alright as we departed from our transports out on the sea of waiting for food to come. When it food came it was chaos.Disappointment ripped through me like a German Machine gun net hacking apart sea sick soldiers trying to land. The pictures on the menu looked nothing NOTHING like the hell that looked back at me on the plate.The beef was overcooked and had parts of dark dry red areas suggesting it's been cooked earlier, thrown to the side, then heated up again. The pork was whole instead of shredded from the picture. The chicken...oh god the chicken...so many hormones and antibiotics used in our live stock yet the most pathetically small chicken breast i have ever saw and it looked like half of it was blown away by German motar fire. During the entire meal i felt like the medic struggling to maintain myself and stop of bleeding of this poor wrenched soul of a meal. One bite of a piece of shrimp, SUCCESS!! the bleeding stopped!! there's something to look forward to!! another chew and a stray bullet penetrated that poor soul's helmet sending him to his preferred afterlife....all that effort...for nothing. As we walked away from the meal i told myself...'never again...never again'(Note - There are many ways i could have written this review. I choose to do it this way for it's the most entertaining for me and for readers)
4	Popped in here with a girlfriend before the Pat Green concert last Saturday. I almost felt obligated to have some Mexican food before such a concert, although I knew nothing in this city could compare to food in Texas. Still, we went in.I knew we were good to go the moment that chips and four types of dip were delivered to our table. Two types of salsa, beans and guacamole. Heavenly! The peppery salsa is to die for. The margaritas are good, too, of course.The entree was, apparently, not up to Austin standards, but I liked it nonetheless. The Spanish rice had a good consistency (some places make it too dry) and the cheese enchiladas weren't anything to write home about, but they hit the spot.The only downside is that the place doesn't open until four, which was pretty upsetting to find out when I tried to take another friend there later. Still, it's a good dinner spot, and Red Rock is a lovely resort.
3	Very decent food but badly understaffed.  All of the booze and food dishes tasted great but service was SLOW!!!  Table-side guacamole and fresh salsas were quite tasty.
4	I've been here several times, but I never reviewed it before.  We went here tonight and had a great meal.  Standard chips and 4 salsas were brought.  The salsas are tomatillo, fire roasted tomato, regular tomato salsa, and a bean dip.  They're all good, but my favorite is the fire roasted.We started with table side made guacamole, and it was very good.  I got it not spicy because my wife is the ultimate gringa.  I put all the peppers on my side of the bowl after our server had finished.  How gringa is she you ask?  If you wave a pepper over the plate, she'll say it's too spicy.  Enough said.For the main course, I got the carne asada platter, slices of skirt steak with pasilla chiles and cotija cheese.  With it comes a cheese enchilada, some pico, and sides of veggies and black beans (my choice but there are other beans or Mexican potatoes available.  My wife had the pollo ranchero.  It's the most gringa thing on the menu.  She also had the sides but thought they were spicy (they weren't).  Each entree comes with a salad with your choice of dressing.  I've always thought this was odd for a Mexican restaurant.For dessert, we shared a chocolate pecan ball which is a vanilla bean ice cream ball dipped in chopped pecans and has chocolate drizzled over it!  It was excellent.I have a snack for TV time tonight.  I can finish my chips and guacamole while watching Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
4	This is going to be the first of many reviews because they have helped me so much I've decided to start writing. This one is short. The shrimp cocktail wasn't great but the tacos were good. Even though they were small, they only cost one dollar a piece during happy hour. The customer service on a scale of 1-10 was about a 7. I would go there again but it wouldn't be and wont be my first choice next time. I had a decent lunch for under ten dollars, including my bud ;). On a good note - the dollar i got back for change won me 58 on the star wars slot machine right after lol.
4	Let me say I'd been to Cabo @ Palace Station and wasnt that impressed but was willing to try it again since we were in the area on this rare occasion. (I live in Hendo) SERVICE: they get one star deducted for service b/c this guy was a mute. I dont think he actually said more than" everything ok?" maybe once. If water was refilled, it was silent. Plates arrived, from someone else..and she warned Hot plate". maybe there was a 2-3 syllable rule we werent told about...FOOD: this is where they earned the star back. wow. damn. it was good.The chips first off were those super thick and delicious tostadas- which means u have to count each one you eat to not go overboard.Salsa came in the form of 3 types of salsa, 1 red, 1 molcajete brown salsa, 1 chile verde, and one bean dip. omg so freakin goodI ordered chicken fajitas, to die for. sheesh louise I ate all the chicken and veggies, no tortillas- but it came w/ guacamole and sour cream on the side w/ cilantro. so good. my bf ordereed the chile relleno - it was good too but nowhere near the realm of goodness as mine. wow. im getting hungry just thinking of them but I already ate a late lunch. Best part of this meal was the check. we had a $10 off coupon for any station casino they sent to us in the mail. Cant beat it. both our plates were around $12-14. so it was like a 2fer. Cant . beat. it.
5	AMAZING Mexican food. Awesome service. We always asked for the same server each time. I'm so bummed that she left!The guacamole, fajitas, margaritas and burritos are ALL incredibly tasty and packed with flavor. It's on the pricier side of Mexican food, but I feel like we paid a fair price. They have a prickly pear margarita that you HAVE to try!
4	This place gets 4 stars just for having the best tasting salsa I have had in Las Vegas to date.  Best part, you get a lot of choices.  Bean dip, chipotle flavored salsa (my fav), avocado salsa, regular salsa.  Very nice.  The chips were crunchy and salty.  Went here after seeing how crowded Agave was on cinqo de mayo.  I had Lettuce Wrap Tacos knowing I was about to eat a pound of tortilla chips.  They were really good.  Came with red jalapenos, tomatoes, cheese, avocado and cilantro.  The chicken had a great flavor and nice char.  And I didn't have to feel guilty about all the tortilla chips I ate.  We also had some excellent margaritas for a great price.  Sure, we were hanging out with senior citizens, but I can hang with the nursing home crowd.
1	Dismal, lukewarm, defrosted-tasting "TexMex" glop;Mumbly, unengaged waiter;Clueless manager, who seeing us with barely nibbled entreeson plates shoved forward for pickup, thanked usperfunctorily for our patronage;We're from the Texas Hill Country;down there, we jail critters who serve up grub this bad,for their own protection.Never, never, NEVER again(Back to Yard House for real food)
3	I. Would have given Cabot 4 stars, but the 1st time we went for the 48oz margaritas for $10.00 they were closedLast night we went for dinner. They still serve 48oz margaritas for $10.00The food was very good, the service was friendly, knowledgable and fast.Overall a fun dinner experience. The prices were very reasonable and recommend going
3	I've tried Cabo's bar area a couple times while waiting for my friends to arrive for a movie or dinner at another restaurant, so I'm not really familiar with their full menu.  Their margaritas are rather potent, and they're kind enough to Chip & Dip you if you're just sitting at the bar.  I can't imagine what their 45 oz. margarita would do to a person, but they have the option to destroy yourself with it there.  I was treated to a smash-up of their drink menu the other day in smaller form, and their strawberry mojito is the best thing I've had from Cabo!  Next time I'll have to order that to cool off from the 108* we're all roasting at.
3	The chips were delicious, very warm and fresh! The bean dip was great as well as the strawberry mojito! The place was warm and had a very relaxing vibe. A good place to just hang out. But that's about it, the food wasn't that great kind of dry and boring. Not too impressed :/
4	I had a great time at Cabo. My girlfriend brought me here for one of her Yelp events. We had unlimited margaritas- which was amazing. They were so good! Who doesn't love free margaritas on a Wednesday afternoon! They had amazing salsa, and their chips were not too salty. I loved their guacamole, which I am pretty particular about (it definitely was not like Roberto's goop of what they call guacamole out of a bag). We had a great time! We sat outside by the fire, and met great people. The staff was really friendly and funny, which was a surprise since most restaurants have okay service. Overall it was a great success, and I will definitely be back to try more of their menu items.
3	I came here on a Friday night just to hang out and kick off the weekend. We were seated at the bar because the restaurant was already closed (@ 9?!) and the bartenders were umm well not very attentive. Granted, we had drunk @$$holes sitting next to us, but I don't think that's a good enough reason to ignore me. When we FINALLY got to order (just chips and salsa, cuz the kitchen was closed!) we weren't sure if the order ever got put in by the bartender. When a confused guy came out of the kitchen with a plate of chips and salsa, I pounced on him, not sure if it was my order. It was, thank god. The salsa was decent but the beans which they provide with the chips were AMAZING!! Highly recommend!! We got kicked out like half an hour later, which I was not capable to drive yet. I was disappointed by the hours of this place, considering it's IN A CASINO!
4	Hit this place up for happy hour yesterday.  Happy hour menu is $3/$4/$5.  Drinks and food at each price point but it's only good in the bar and when I got there at 5:30, the bar was bumping.  I tried the guacamole (only $4 on happy hour!).  Nothing spectacular but the good thing was that the chopped jalapenos were on the side.  My friend is not into spicy food and I am, so I just added a ton to my guac on my plate.  Woo-hoo!  Service was just okay as were some of the appetizers we tried.  But I will definitely come here again for a cheap margarita and awesome chips and salsa.
3	Strawberry mojitos and taquitos were great!! Wings are gross, but who orders wings at a mexican place? Chips and dip are great :)
5	Stopped here for a quick bite during happy hour. I ordered a strawberry mojito and it was one of the best I have ever had. It was only $4 bucks. I also ordered some taquitos. They sure came out fast!They were very good and plenty of them.I had to bring the hubby back the next day as our pre-Weezer drinking spot since the HH prices are pretty amazing.We were able to find a spot at the bar and get lit up before the show for so cheap! It was awesome. Service was great and the drinks were even better.I have set up a mommy's night out here the end of the month I like it so much.
4	Don't know why we like this particular Cabo over Palace or Santa Fe locations but we always seem to end up here on our visits back.  We never seem to get there in time for happy hour but pricewise it's on par with most chain places, with a little better quality.Mom always said don't fill up on chips and salsa before dinner but she never had theirs, the spicier the better. Good enchiladas with plenty of cheese, fajitas were tasty too but easy on the onions next time.  Dessert options were so-so, we just had another margarita instead, I'm not big into fruit ritas but the strawberry hit the spot.One drawback:  I don't expect every restaurant in Vegas to be 24 hours but the best you can do is 9 on weeknights? Just an idea...
3	Camerones mojo de ajo. Delicious! The shrimp were sauteed in olive oil, garlic and chilies. The combination was yummy. I asked for a side of corn tortillas so I could make my own little fajitas. It comes along with a side salad and a tomato vinaigrette dressing that was really good since I had never heard of that dressing before. The side veggies that the shrimp came with were a bit too buttery for me. A must order is the homemade guac made for you fresh at the table. It's a large bowl so hopefully there are a few people with you to enjoy it, otherwise you'll find yourself eating the whole bowl to yourself. A washed down my meal with a raspberry margarita. It was a little on the sweet side for me but good anyway!
3	The food was good but the service was horrible.  It's sad when you have to ask 3 different times to get a side of sour cream and 20 minutes for a drink.  The wait staff dropped off my food and vanished.  Not sure if I was at a magic show or a restaurant.  The only thing I know for sure is that I will not be going back to this place.
2	The food was OK. Good customer service.
4	I've always gotten good food except once, new cook maybe? but usually the food is amazing and hearty to the point where my husband and I can actually share a meal. I like to go when it's not busy as the seating can feel a little squished and not very intimate.
3	Cabo is predictable. Good quality Mexican food prepared promptly, without fuss. The tableside guacamole is memorable and the all you can eat tacos special is a very good deal. Service could be a bit better, our server was bussing tables, and cleaning as well as serving food and earned a good tip as we were impressed at how well he kept things running. I don't blame the server I blame management for not staffing appropriately. We ordered ice tea to drink which was kinda ho-hum and they didn't have sugar to sweeten it. It's just one of those things. In short...it's casino food but at Station Casinos flagship property. It's missing the seriously good salsa bar that the Cabo at Sunset Station has...but overall you won't go wrong eating here.
1	Are there negative numbers available??    Can I give them LESS than one star??I went there with my dad a week ago, and we were seated in about 10 minutes.   In another ten minutes, we had drinks at our table, and had placed our order.   Fast forward 45 minutes.  After flagging down our nearly non-existent waitress twice and finally asking for the manager, we finally got our meals.   We had been in the restaurant nearly an hour, and watched others seated after us get their dinner.  The waitress wasn't much help, and wanted to tell us ours would be right up without bothering to check on it.   The manager finally cruised by just after our food arrived, and kind of did the casual  "Is everything ok with your meal?"  We told him we were very unhappy with the extensive delay in a half-empty restaurant.   He didn't seem much interested in doing anything about it.    The food seemed bland and tasteless, and I left regretting not going anywhere else for dinner that night.  This is the second time I've been there.  The first time was a much better experience.
3	A group of 14 of us date here one evening during our last visit.  Service was a little slow, but not terrible.  Food was pretty good, but not outstanding.  Nice change if you're staying at Red Rock for many nights, but I prefer Terra Rosa, T-Bones or Yardhouse, so probably won't make it back here very often.
5	Hannah & Natasha, the two 20-something bartenders, are incredible bartenders! They give great service and make everyone feel welcome. 5 stars!
2	I've been here too many times in hopes that the food and service might get better. Well this last visit I had the mahi mahi which was actually good and I liked the veggies it came with. I don't like that they only have one salsa choice. The service is pretty ridiculous, since everytime we go we seem to be forgotten and ingnored. We waited 20 minutes before even putting our drink order in. Overall the food is just ok,nothing to brag about at all, and the service just sucks.
4	I liked this place! I came here during happy hour mid-week.  I found the decor to be interesting, which is important to me, as I like having things that catch my eye. That strange Disney-looking pile of TV screens hanging over the bar certainly was interesting, though I can't say its my type of decor, and it clashed with the reddish/orange theme of the space. (I have to add, aren't there more colors than red/orange for new restaurants? I'm starting to get tired of this color palette!) Anyway, the interior was pleasant. I sat on the bench-style seating along the casino and it was sufficiently comfortable. I don't do tall bar-chairs, and they had those, too.  The place was not full at all, and our geeky waiter, who was a bit forgetful, was quite pleasant.  We tried every single happy hour appetizer offered (embarrassing) but that night was drown-my-sorrows night, so I deserved them.The cheese dip was good. I LOVE cheese. I must have been a mouse in my previous life. This was real cheese, not that Velveeta-smooth stuff other restaurants sell as food. The guacamole was good but we had to add salt to bring out the flavor. The chips were heat-lamp warm rather than freshly-made warm, but no complaints- they did their job and tasted fine. I liked the chicken wings- crisp and moist and tasty! I enjoyed the chicken mini-tacos and liked them even better with the accompanying pico de gallo. The quesadillas were boring- I'll skip those next time.  The chimi taquitos were all right- fried rolled flour tortillas stuffed with some kind of meat. I think I was full by the time I got to them or I'd probably be a little more enthusiastic. Or not. They were just all right. I prefer "authentic" Mexican cuisine, but I will settle for tasty chain-restaurant-level Mexican when I need a fun fix.   I may not be raving over the food and the service could have been a little more attentive, but it is what it is. No major complaints to keep me from coming back.  If I were staying at Red Rock I'd hang out here for a bit.
3	Cabo Mexican Restaurant is another example of how Red Rock could do better. Come on people, this is Mexican food. My Norweigan grandmother makes better Mexican food than this.The special prices are reasonable and the food is edible, just not anything you'll write home about. I made the mistake of ordering a ribeye in Mexican restaurant once. Probably the worst cut of beef I have had outside of prison (jk), it was so tough and all sinew.Still you have to applaud a $9 fajita or an AYCE tacos special. Like I said, it is edible, just not memorable.
5	I've eaten here a lot over the years and it's always tasty. Fajitas are enough for lunch the next day and I enjoy trying the different kinds of margaritas. They also have a nice selection of salsas for the tortillas, so it's good when you're with others and everybody like something different. I used a free Yelp coupon here for dessert and had no problem. Just wish they were open for lunch, but I'm sure it's all about the foot traffic.
2	This place used to be great!  What happened?Came buy with the family for a nice Sunday dinner. Was sat immediately because the place was half empty. (should have guessed why) Then waited for 15 minuets for someone to come to the table. Because we were sat across from the wait station I could see and hear what the problem was. The wait staff was arguing over who's table we were. Finally the new girl was thrust upon us even though it was her first night and she. To their credit, the margaritas were very good when they finally came out. My wife ordered chicken enchiladas suisas. They were just "ok". she was disappointed because she had got them before and they were very good. I ordered a combo plate with a taco and a beef enchilada and rice and beans. Again, just "ok" but sub par from 90% of the other Mexican restaurants in town.Our waitress did a great job considering it was her first night, (and the fact that I over heard another waiter deliberately try to sabotage her.) I felt bad for her.I gave her a large tip because it is not her fault that the management is extremely poor in this restaurant.Summary:Drinks - B+Food   - CService - DManagement - FWhat a circus!!Wont be back again.
2	I took my folks here last weekend for dinner on a Saturday night.  They were busy but didn't seem to be at full capacity.  The service we received was absolutely awful, and it really disappointed me.They seemed to be out of glasses, so we were served two of the four waters we requested in plastic cups.  Drinks took forever.  Everything took forever.The food, which is usually good, was cold.  Rather than arriving sizzling, my fajitas arrived dead and cold.If any of the management reads this, I assure you this is a fair review.  Terrible service  and cold food.  I will not be returning until you shape up.
1	Very poor service. Our waiter told us there were no ripe avocados for guacamole. When our main dishes arrived two out of three of them had avocados which tasted fine and not hard. We later ordered guacamole from a bus person who brought some to us within two minutes. Won't be coming back here again.
4	Love love love this place!We have eaten at some of the Cabo's in other Station's and this one is by far the best one. It does sadden me that each of them aren't has consistent as this one.Right now they currently have a special (obviously subject to change) where you can get Fajitas and a Margarita for $9.99 wish players card. The Margarita is on the rocks. The Fajitas are so tasty and have such good flavor.I take a tortilla and just rub it all across the skillet to let is soak up all the juicy flavor.For an appetizer we always get the "Chili Con Queso" it costs $8.99 but it so darn worth it. It it a good helping that you can munch on with chips then put on top of your food when it arrives. It is very thick and cheesy!The decor has all sorts of bold colors which my man doesn't like but I actually do.They have TV's in the bar and above the kitchen that usually have sports games on.The salsa is the only terrible thing about the food... It just doesn't taste fresh or like salsa.
3	The three stars here don't represent a real review.  Oh, I had all intentions of writing a review for this place.  We set out to go here, later than most people, as usual.  We planned on taking advantage of the 9.99 fajita-with-margarita special, and wanted to make sure it was still available. So we get to Red Rock and I check in on Yelp.  I have to do that BEFORE we actually enter the casino, because my Yelp app won't work on my phone inside.  We go to Cabo, and here's where the stupidity ensues:  instead of just asking someone who works there, we stand in front of it looking at the illuminated billboard that has their menu.  The fajita special had just flashed by, so we waited...and waited...as the billboard s-l-o-w-l-y cranked through each page of the substantial menu.  At last, THAT page appeared, for just a second, but long enough to see that the special didn't have time constraints like "served from 5:00 - 7:00 p.m.  Great!  We walk past the bar and up to the desk, where the young woman cleaning menus says:  "Oh, we just closed!"Foiled again!Off to the Grand Cafe.I will update this, now that I know that they close at 9:00 p.m., much to early for a casino restaurant, IMHO.
4	I still have to give it 4 stars because the food really is tasty. (minus the salsa it isn't very good)I however had a bad experience when eating here the last time that I feel you need to know about.We ordered the special they had at the time where you get Fajitas and a Margarita for $9.99. When it came time to pay the check the server said she needed one of our Stations Reward Cards for the discounted price of $9.99 (without your card you don't get it at that price) and I happened to have mine handy so I gave it to her along with $45 to pay for the meal and asked for the change. I looked at my receipt when I got home and noticed she used my stations card to pay for the meal with point from my card and not the cash which leads me to believe she pocketed the cash. She did bring change back but said it was $7 and I had told her to keep that for her tip. I wish I would have payed attention to the receipt then and there but I just didn't and trusted her and what she said.I called the Reward Center and told them about hat happened and that I wanted the points put back on my card that this was absolutely unacceptable. She agreed and assured me someone from Food and Beverage would be contacting me.Well, after 3 phone calls and 2 e-mails I cannot get anybody to respond to this complaint. I even went in person to Cabo and they said that person was off and they would have them contact me.This is FRAUD. I will never ever go back to this location.  can't believe Stations which caters to mostly locals would allow something like this to happen?!I will always check my receipt at any Stations from now on and encourage you to pay attention as well. This is just so upsetting.
3	Food is ok, but how can you screw up mexican??  In the end, it wasn't anything special either.  I had the quesadilla one time and enchilada's another.  They have an OK happy hour but with YardHouse next door, who's gonna come here unless you want to gamble or can't get a seat in YH?  They did turn off the TV's while I was watching 15 min. before close so I wasn't impressed with the staff...
4	Above average in taste & presentation, which is unusual for a casino location. Flavors and sauces are really good.
3	Above average in taste & presentation, which is unusual for a casino location. Flavors and sauces are really good.
