5	I did the Ducky tour in Seattle as well but the one in Pittsburgh was much better and cheaper. $20 for an hour tour of the city on a bus that turns into a boat as it plows into the river. Our guide was very helpful, funny, and knowledgeable of Pittsburgh. Mind you, some of his jokes weren't funny, they didn't "quack" me up, but he was still very entertaining. The tour took you through the entire downtown and gave you good snap shots of remarkable architecture and good views of PNC park and Heinz field.  Along with the tour came interesting historical facts of Pittsburgh and made you appreciate the city and what it has to offer. There is a lot of history there.  I would definitely reccommend this tour to any out of towners that are in Pittsburgh for a short time and want to get a feel for the city.
5	Okay, just got back from the "Ducky Tour "and wanted to share our experiences. The reviewer before me did a great job in describing the tour and quite honestly I was surprised that we actually did go into the Ohio river, but we made it back in one piece and what a great way to spend an hour or so.Our driver was Captain Al and the guide was a young gal named Dana, both of whom did a marvelous job. We are visiting this beautiful city from San Diego and it was so enlightening that we have decided to try the tour back home if they have it.I love me some Steelers so seeing Heinz Field was the highlight of the day! Total cost for two people, about $35 and well worth it. We took the tour on a Monday and they only had two tours available and being late for the 1:30 tour (it was already filled) we had to go on a wait list for the 3 pm. I suggest you make reservations if you want to go on the tour. Thanks Ducky Tours, you made our day :o)
5	Great way to get a glimpse of Pittsburgh and a little taste of its history! The tour is family friendly and you go from land to sea (river, actually) all in one vehicle!
4	Fun & informative.  It was hard to hear in the back of the boat.
4	I was admittedly a bit skeptical about the Ducky Tours when I first heard we were going, however that quickly changed as we got underway. Our driver and tour guide were both fantastic - very personable and engaging. We were told by our guide that the seats in the back were the best and after the tour I'm inclined to agree. There was a much better viewing opportunity, however once we entered the water it was a bit too noisy to hear what they were saying "inside" the boat. There was a lot of informative information and we got to see parts of Pittsburgh that we've not been to before. Overall this is a great way to tour the city and I would recommend it to anyone.
4	This was a great attraction for both a couple of native Pittsburghers and their out of town visitors. We learned a lot about our great city while on the tour. The tour guides were enthusiastic and entertaining and the ride was a lot of fun.  You even get the drive the boat in the water if you want!The only minor issue we had was trying to book the tour. We called on Sunday night to make a reservation for Monday and the line was closed, so we left a message that was supposed to be returned. We didn't hear back so we just showed up at Station Square to buy our tickets for the 1:30pm trip. We were waiting for the bus to board when we received a phone call back...at shortly before 1:00pm. If we hadn't just come and took our chances we likely would have made other plans. So they need to clean up their reservation system (HELLO, online reservations?!)Also be forewarned if you are taking more than one tour while you're visiting; apparently there is only one handbook for Pittsburgh tour guides, because a good number of the facts we heard were the same ones we heard on the Double Decker tour. It was still fun though!PS: Regarding the owner's comment below: We tried to make our reservations online but it was the day before the tour, and it said we could not do so. I think it would be better to be able to make your reservations any time; the day before shouldn't be too short of a notice.
4	I was a little hesitant on taking the tour. I thought it looked a little corny.But actually one of the highlights of our trip. We learned a lot about the city. It was a nice chance to sit back and relax, hear about the city and have someone else drive. Our tour guides were very friendly, they talked about things we were passing and entertained us the whole time. They stopped every once in a while and had  everyone on the tour quack at kids walking by on the streets. It was really cute and the kids seemed to enjoy the quacking. They even let kids and adults that want to drive the boat when you're out on the water. Only negative is there are a few seats in the back that aren't in the shade. So get there early if you don't want to sit out in the sun, they fill the boat to the max.
4	I've taken out-of-towners on this tour twice recently and went once on a school field trip forever ago (yep, our school thought it was a good idea to take a bunch of local city kids on one of these...it wasn't).Get a reservation.  Show up early if you want to be able to get a window seat.Be prepared to quack and to be called out if you don't quack.  I always thought it was super dorky when these guys passed me downtown, but it's less so when you're doing the quacking.Don't be afraid to volunteer when they ask who wants to drive the boat.  I sent my nearly-thirty-year-old friend up to drive, and it looked like she had more fun than the seven-year-old who went before her.I'm docking a star because as a native, I didn't learn anything on the tour.  The information was pretty general--in fact, for 90% of the tour, I pointed out something to my friend, then the driver said the same thing, then I added more information.  But I have been told I'm like a walking Google Maps for Pittsburgh, so maybe I should look into a second career with Just Ducky...Final note:  Take a trip up to Duquesne Incline while you're at Station Square to see the city from Mt. Washington.  Only $3.25 (exact fare only) to see one of the "The 10 Most Beautiful Places in America" (usaweekend.com).
5	OMG! This was awesome!My sister lives in Pittsburgh so we occasionally visit her. We decided to get a tour and do a "Just Ducky" tour so that we could just relax, plus we thought it was pretty cool that it wasn't just a bus but it also was a boat. I even got to drive it, I felt like a ten year old again. ;)The driver and tour guide were both SO entertaining, they made the duck tour so interesting but yet fun if you have children. Do be prepared that you have to quack, but it really is so much fun. I would do this again when I visit Pittsburgh again, it's just so much fun.
4	Expect the corny jokes. Expect to quack. Give in to the silliness and you'll have fun! This tour is great for all ages. Interesting facts about the city for the adults and out-of-towners. A ride on the river for the kids (and they get to drive the boat!) The staff was all quite friendly. Make a reservation and arrive early to get a window seat and/or sit with your group. Unfortunately, it's a little pricey to make this a frequent outing but I will suggest it for our Pittsburgh visitors.
4	Really cool tour. This is a good way to see the city. My not knock is that there isn't nearly enough leg room. I am only a 6 footer and my legs were not even close to fitting, so I had to sit sideways.
4	they did not get 5 stars because the first boat broke down. I am just glad it was not in the middle of traffic. oh well crap happens! the tours are entertaining and fun for the whole family. i got into the quacking at strangers. they give everyone a chance to drive the boat.
5	I don't know what made me take this tour because as I was booking it I was thinking that I was going to be annoyed by children and quacking, but it turned out I really liked it. There is humour involved so the kids like that and they enjoy being able to steer the boat whist it is in the water, but the historical narration is good that any adult would like. It was very informative and I learned a lot. The tour took you form South to downtown to North to the water and then made the way back to South Side. I do recommend arriving to get your tour ticket early. People being to line up for the boats early. I arrived at 1p for my 1330 tour and was pretty much towards the end of the boarding line - since I was just one person though I did manage to get a window seat, but had I been in a group we would not have been able to sit together. That said you also definitely need to reserve this online ahead of time - everyone except 2 evening times were completely sold out when I arrived to claim my pre-booked ticket. Other than that the experience was good. If you are planning on having lunch at Station Square and you don't mind the Hard Rock Cafe I recommend getting your tour tickets early early before lunch because with your ticket you get a 15% off coupon to use off your food bill at the Hard Rock (coupon expiry date is in 24hrs).
4	Took my sisters here while they were in visiting from New York.We did not have a perfect experience. Even though we showed up on time and had a reservation, but when we went to find seats on the duck we found there to be not enough seats and the driver fought with us when we told him there was nowhere to sit.We ended up having to switch to the 12 pm tour and hung around waiting for it.Once the tour did happen it was great though the jokes were a bit cheesy! Overall I would suggest getting there early to find a seat but definitely a nice tour.
4	When we arrived, we already had a reservation, but it did not mention that seats were first come first serve. Honestly, what is the point of having a reservation then? So the 10:30am departure didn't quite work out. The driver told us that we should sit with 3 kids in one seat, and that was just not happening. But Alison, one of the tour guides, helped us and offered us to wait until the noon departure and assured us there would be seats. We sat immediately and the tour was quite lovely! For $21 per person (adult) I thought it was reasonable and very fun. The jokes were seriously corny, but it was still a good time. The views were great.
4	I have to admit that I am a bit biased in this review.  As cheesy as they tend to be, I love duck tours.  I've been on them in Boston, Toronto, Montreal, Seattle and Hawaii.  So when I found out they had the tours available in Pittsburgh, I HAD to go!  They had a lot to live up to, though, since I had such great experiences on my other tours.  They didn't disappoint.  My parents, my fiance and I all went on a tour on a Monday afternoon in August.  We arrived before they were boarding for our time, so we grabbed a bite in a sandwich shop in Station Square.  We ended up on the non covered seats in the back (which wasn't necessarily a bad thing because of how small the seats on the inside seemed to be leg room wise).  Our tour guide and driver were both full of wise cracks and jokes (much like any other duck tour) but the tour was very informative without being boring.  The plunge into the river was fun and anyone that wanted to was able to get a chance to drive the Duck.  I had a great time and would bring out of town guests on it in the future.  I just wish the ticket price was slightly lower.
4	So worth doing the tour. I recommend this tour. My friends and I visited Pittsburgh and we had heard about this tour thru a friend so we decided to do it. Loved it. The tour guides so knowledgeable, I believe we had Scott and Allen, whom were very funny. We took the 4p tour on 5/17/13. They take you thru Pittsburgh telling you some history about it then they end up at the river and you get to relax and enjoy the views which are awesome.
3	Last time I was on a duck tour , I was in the Wisconsin Dells. As a recent resident of Pittsburgh I decided to take my son and brother on the tour. I was excited and did what any yelp elite would do..... I ran straight to yelp to check the pricing, hours and reviews. I'm glad that I steeled my nerves to what I feel are somewhat high prices.  Exhibit A. A just ducky tour ticket is $22.00 for 45 minutes of action. A child's ticket is $15.  While the tour is cute and cheesy the guide started mentioning tips with 10 minutes  left in the tour. Tips were mentioned several times and I found it to be distracting or perhaps in poor taste. But I guess that's how people hustle.
4	Calling can be a bit of a problem, so just go to the kiosk during normal business hours. The tour was great and lots of fun for the kid at heart. If you get Quinn, you're in for a very fun tour!
3	Ducky tours is a fun experience, but left me wanting more. It is neat way to see the city of Pittsburgh and the tour operators make it entertaining for you (at least mine did). The problem was you really didn't get too see as much of the city as I would have liked on both the land and water. As you know, the bus turns into a boat and you are able to go out in the water. Unfortunately you are moving so slow you really don't get to see much and don't get to go down by PNC Park. I also felt like there was a lot of the actual city that we never got to see on the bus tour. All in all, not a bad tour, just not a great way to actually see the city of Pittsburgh.
5	so fun I loved it my boyfriend took me on the tour for my birthday it was great i learned alot about pittsburgh and enjoyed the tour guide she was funny and very entertaining :) highly recommend going on this tour even if you live in pittsburgh!
5	A great way to see Pittsburgh, some of their bridges and waterways.  Very informative tour with great water views of the baseball & football fields.  The guides give the opportunity for kids/adults to steer the boat.  Actually 2 kids & 2 adults did so.  We have done these type of tours in other cities and it gives great insight to their buildings, waterways & history.  Highly recommend for both adults and children.
4	Quack. Quack. Quack.If company comes to town, this is a "MUST DO" for us.  Great (brief) Pittsburgh history lesson, lots of corny jokes, and you ride....in a duckboat!   I've gone several times and every time is fun.
2	Honestly, I'm not sure what everyone is raving about.  It was a lovely way to see the city but the driver spend the entire time making duck jokes, and yes I get that duck jokes are the gimmick but I thought there would be a little bit more information on the city.  He would point out a building or statue and mention the name but that was about all the info you got before he started quacking again. It also only takes a quick route through downtown then spins up by the stadiums on water.  I thought we would see more.Our seats were REALLY uncomfortable.  We were in the back and the space was not long enough for our legs. We shared the duck mobile with a large (Somewhat pushy) elderly group who were not interested in sharing with us or the nice young couple who were there with their toddler.  They cut in line, tried to sit in all the window seats and It was a battle just to get them to move around so we could sit together. All in all I wouldn't recommend it for grow ups. Fun if you have kids (or are pushy spoiled old folks who act like kids!).
5	I've been on Duck tours in Boston, Philly, DC, and Seattle - but the Pittsburgh Just Ducky Tour was by far the best!  Colton was our guide and was very good. The tour goes through downtown and through a beautiful section of the river. This is a must do if you visit Pittsburgh.
4	That joke is fowl.  I'm sorry that joke didn't fly.  I'm just winging it.  You can put it on my bill.  Just Ducky Tours is full of bad jokes like these and random quacking at strangers.  This tour takes you from Southside through downtown onto North Shore.  You learn a little history and  some fun facts (Pittsburgh has more bridges than any city in the world; it has over 700 in the area!).  The vehicle is also a boat that goes onto the water.  The tour is $22 and the tour lasts about an hour.  Lots of fun, even if you live in Pittsburgh.
1	This lame boat/truck hybrid ran me off the road into a pole as I was riding my bike. Stay off the bike path or move to the side. Learn how to drive. Pay attention to what you are doing or next time you will hurt somebody.
5	FUN FUN FUN thought this would be goofy but great fun we laughed and learned.
5	We had a fun time on our Ducky Tour! Bobby & I took my sister and our 3 year old niece. We all had fun actually. You depart from Station Square and head through downtown while getting information on buildings that you pass. You then head towards the North Shore & drive by the parks (Heinz, PNC) Since there was a triathlon this weekend, we weren't able to  head over the bridge and onto North Shore-- it's okay though. I was nervous that maybe our tour wouldn't be an hour because of that, but it worked out fine and it was still an hour! We probably received more time on the water.. who knows. Instead, we headed down Stanwix and received info on the Highmark Building then up towards PPG Place. Afterwards, we headed down into the Mon Warf and into the water! Being on the water was the best part. It was exciting heading in there and you were literally right on the water. My niece Amorah was able to drive the boat (all kids are.. well they steer but the captain is still in control) I've lived in the Pittsburgh area all of my life and I learned things on this tour. Actually most of what was mentioned was news to me.. and i even spend some time watching those WQED Pittsburgh history shows.. just saying lol. They also added some jokes along into it. It was very entertaining. Oh FYI, you get a 15% off coupon for Hard Rock Cafe Food (10% off merchandise) Not sure if you can do both.. after eating and paying she took our stub so i'm not sure if the coupon can be used for both.Please keep in mind reservations are recommended. It was due to rain all day Saturday yet somehow the tour still sold out (6 boats total) . I called at 1pm for a 6pm tour and somehow was extremely lucky that there were seats. By the time we got there at 5:30, it was sold out. Speaking of that, you have to be there a a half hour before departure time. You board 15 minutes prior to departing. It rained Saturday, but there are clear flaps to keep the rain out. Luckily by the time we were in the water, the rain stopped and we had some perfect views of the city.
5	Great Duck Tour. If you want to see Pittsburgh in an hour, this is the best way to do it. It was entertaining, the speaker was funny and the driver was great too. A beautiful way to see the city and figure out what you want to do next. Fun.
5	We're new to Pittsburgh and my mother and her best friend visited us for the weekend. It was a great way to see the city plus learn about the history of Pittsburgh! Our Captain was Maggie, and I can't remember our tour guide's name, but they were both high energy, fun, and very knowledgeable. We really enjoyed it!
4	Alright.. Let's get the jokes ... ducky jokes to be precise... out of the way. Nothing really "fowl" with the jokes - Perhaps just a bit over used.Besides that I loved everything about this tour. I've been living here for more than decade and still a lot of the information were new to me. If you have friends/family in town - this is the perfect way to show them around. If you like to sit outside then you might want to stand first in the line since the outside seating capacity is only 6 and is based on first come first serve. However, even if you sit in the covered part of the boat - you can pretty much see everything. The tour last around an hour and takes you back and forth  from station square, downtown, north shore and into the river.The tour is $22 per person and reservation is a must since they sell out really quickly. Also, if you're debating like me between the "Gateway Clipper" and this - I would go with the "Ducky Tour".
5	Took visitors on the Just Ducky tour.  Really nice experience.  I grew up in Pittsburgh and learned so much.  Tour guides are lots of fun!
