5	Black Bo's Bar is one helluva well-kept secret. It lives, inconspicuously, on Blackfriars St, just off Canongate (your second right, if you're walking down from South Bridge (North Bridge?). It's owned by the same folks who own Black Bo's, the vegetarian restaurant, but it has its own opening hours and its own entrance. What the restaurant and bar share are the toilets. The first time I went there, it was the night before my 22nd birthday. I'm not sure why we went there. Maybe because it was close to the train station and we were waiting for a friend to arrive from Ireland. Maybe it's because the grapevine got to us and we decided to pay attention to it. But, it was one helluva a good night. I'm quite loyal to my drinks and at Black Bo's I've found this Normand cider that makes me heart sing. They also have a variety of good, though pricey, bottled beers, such as Erdinger and Weihenstephan. When I went in there yesterday, the girl working behind the bar asked me what kinda music I wanted to listen to. Which is, I think, something they should give a shot in more pubs.But what really sells this place is the secret (within the secret). I'm tempted to just leave it like that and have y'all go and find out for yourselves but here we go anyway. The best, quietest and sweetest beer garden in Edinburgh. Three Sisters and the Pear Tree ain't got noting on this beer garden.
5	Yea, I probably won't go to other bars now that I've been here. What's the point?
4	I knew it. I knew I would like this place. I knew my girl date would love this place. I had based my assumptions purely on the one Yelp review by Julia S., the website, the menu and word-of-mouth.It's a small wee bar attached to a vegetarian restaurant. It's tucked away, not everyone knows about it, or perhaps its not particularly in vogue. It has a physically small bar, not a huge selection of spirits, old-school bar snacks.But it has cool tunes, a good crowd, and despite the unfriendly barman is a great wee place to hole up for a few hours. I was here on a Friday night and it was pleasantly full. Kinda just right. And apparently on a Sunday evening it was almost empty. It doesn't do margaritas. Or caipirinhas. Or even slim line tonic to go with my gin. But it feels relaxed, a bit alternative, friendly and for some down-time relaxation it's perfect. Much more a Sunday evening lazy night than a starting-your-Friday night off type place. But until now I didn't think I'd find somewhere similar to my other favoured pubs in town that were so close to be a local-of-sorts. And I think I've found it.
5	It's great to see that Black Bo's only has 3 reviews, because it means that one of my favourite wee boozers is relatively unknown. Oh, hang on, what the blazes am I doing?This is a basic, but great wee pub. Please, please don't go to Black Bo's Bar, I want to get a seat.
