5	My first "6 star" review goes to Flowerama. Let's start by saying I was hesitant to choose Flowerama for our wedding flowers based on their signage. Yeah, I know. But lure me in...! However, let me tell you fellow readers, ignore the building and GO IN. It's well beyond worth it. I met with (unfortunately  "former" manager Shannon) who had worked there forever and really knew her stuff. She was so amazingly knowledgeable! I'm no flower expert, but I know quality. I set up an appointment for the next week for my husband and I to sit down with her to place our order. (Lucky girl, huh? Most future spouses steer clear of assisting with flower duty). We arrive and she is ready to roll. Has the books set at a cozy side table. Now, I have odd requests. I'm not what one would call a "traditional" person. We wanted to place an order for table flowers (3 tall per vase per table) for 30 or so tables, and bouquets of wildflowers as a gift for all female patrons at our reception with our vows (from a song) tied around them. She knew everything in season- what would work, what wouldn't and how we could arrange them. *HERE comes my 6th star: I wanted 7 flowers per bouquet. Well, my flower knowledge was lacking more than I thought, because this would have cost more than my dress! So what does Shannon and the Flowerama staff do? Talk me down to 3 gorgeous flowers that tied up in absolute beauty with the EXACT look I wanted. That's customer service, folks. I would have paid the initial amount without hesitation, as I wanted them to be full and pretty. Flowerama saw my vision and made it happen saving us almost 1,700 dollars...without me even asking how to decrease the overall cost ! That's a "personal" level of service I have never seen. Thank you SO MUCH for going the extra mile. Every single flower was in mint condition and gave me tears. A wedding day is a big deal and I had ZERO stress over the breathtaking flowers they provided. Talk about a company who really does care. I just called to verify information and spoke to the owner David Jones to verify name information for this review. What a stand up guy who does truly have down home values and a passion for customer service. They have proven it isn't all about the money. Thanks for being honest and not trying to "make a giant profit" off someone trying to make a day so special. For listening to what we said and making it happen. (I will post pics when able from a different computer) "Little girl I have found love, the kind that old folks all speak of. And no poet can dress it up with fancy words. It is patient, it is kind, it forgives and it is blind. And it cannot break no matter what you've heard" -Levi Lowrey (Tied with raffia around our perfect bouquets)
5	My husband has been buying me flowers for many years and all from Flowerama- this location. He has forged a relationship with them and I am the one that benefits from that. He is loyal to them and I have enjoyed everything that he has brought from loose roses to full gorgeous arrangements. If you are looking for a shop- give them a try.
2	They have changed owners and we do not go there. They do not go out of their way to help you in a crunch. No need for them with so many other places to choose from.
5	I have driven by Flowerama a million times since we live in the neighborhood... stopped today for single roses for my 6 year old daughter who is performing a play today.  Isabel made sure each rose was perfect, even replacing one because she didn't like it....then tied ribbon bows around each one, taking her time to make them all perfect.  I will definitely be back!
5	I had a great experience with this flower shop.  First off, I love that they were the only shop open before I was leaving for work!  Secondly, the owner was very friendly and accommodating.  I really liked a bouquet that I saw online and when I got there and ordered it, she let me customize it!  I was able to replace some flowers in the design that I wasn't really excited about and she gave me a beautiful vase to match the flowers :)  Overall, great experience!  I will definitely be using this place for future flower purchases.
