4	In this town when someone thinks metaphysical bookstore they typically have the big one in south Scottsdale in mind.  That place is okay.  As a matter of fact, I'll just yelp about them next...Lightworkers Gift is a little mom and mom (I didn't see any men)store in Glendale.  It has a great energy, the prices are very good, and they Have Dax.  Dax is the sweetest dog you've ever met.  Imaigne if Lassie meditated daily and was surrounded by crystals and incense.  Cool dog.  Dax is named for a character in Star Trek Deep Space Nine.  That bit of trivia helped me to win over the owners.  Thye love me.   Anyway, they do readings, they do spiritual therapies, they have psychic fairs and of cours, they retail a bunch of cool stuff.  They actually have privet rooms so you don't have people listening to your reading.  You also don't have to hear anyone elses.  I just love this place.  Well worth the drive.
5	My wife and I visited this store while celebrating Valentines Day and received a one hour tarot card and numerology reading.  It was extremely entertaining and it gave my wife and I plenty to talk about the rest of the night and even in the weeks after.  I have already recommended this location to my friends looking for a fun way to spend an evening with their spouses.  The staff was very friendly and willing to explain this world to my wife and I since we are, at best, novices.
2	Small sparse store with a limited selection of books and products. Well intentioned, but sparse. Maybe their classes are good..I do not know!!
5	If you are searching for guidance you must get a reading from Angel. She is full of positive energy and will make a skeptic a believer. This center is no longer open but check out the website for more information on classes and readings. http://www.lightworkersgifts.com/
5	Angel is one of the kindest and happiest people I have met. She has helped me open my eyes to another world I did not know much about. I can reccomend her and her services with out a doubt. Thanks Angel
5	Angel is an ANGEL!  Her heart guides her and with that she is the BEST Reiki Master and Energy Healer I have experienced.  She is always offering classes to educate and assist all that are open to being conscious and understanding the energy that surrounds them and the connections of their life in general.  Her non-judgmental and friendly personality makes you feel you are now with a friend that loves you because she does everything from her heart.
5	Angel is great, she is a fantastic Reiki Master and always there to assist with guidance and inspiration.  Her friendly personality makes you feel welcomed and teaches you so many things that you can use and helps you grow.     She is very positive and inspirational.
4	Angel Marie is fantastic.  Her insight is unbelievable and right on.  I went in for some work and got great insight and also a Reiki Treatment and also homework to do at home.  I have never felt so happy and at peace.
