3	I've never been particularly impressed by George IVth Bridge. I mean, it's fine. There's nothing I particularly object to as far as this street's concerned, but there's nothing particularly spectacular about it: it hasn't got the quirk of Cockburn and Victoria Street, and neither is it as terrifying soulless as Princes Street. It's just a way to get from A to B. If you find there's someone who lives around this area, it's because it's very much in the center of Old Town, and you'll be about 2 minutes from anywhere, and 10 minutes from New Town (as opposed to the 20 or more that it takes to get to New Town from anything south of the Meadows). It's got its array of cafes (not really many shops here apart from the Christian book shop and Hilary's Bazaar), that range from terrible to decent. It's also the home of both the Central and National Libraries (that seem to face each other from across the street).
5	I'm not sure if I'm missing something, but this bridge doesn't seem to meet the criteria I expect in my bridges. Quite simply  it isn't a raised platform used to cross a chasm or body of water. It's actually a street, with a very small bridgey bit in the middle.But oh, what a street. A fancy hotel at one end, and further down, in Salt and Pepper, Global and Meditteranean gate, it has some of the best sarnie shops you could imagine. Don't forget the evergreen Bar Kohl either, which may be in need a lick of paint these days but is still great.
4	Great cafes and shops...Between The Mile and Uni...A good night out too!
5	The best night out in Edinburgh for me. The selection of bars available are consistently high quality (Villager, Bar Kohl, Malones, Oz Bar) and even dappled with some cheesier fare (Revolution, Frankensteins) should you wish.Restaurants are well-represented on the Bridge with Outsider and Grain Store both worth mentioning more than once. See also Oink, Bar Kohl (again, some of the best burgers in town), and Hotel Du Vin for some utterly unmissable food.Site-wise, you have the National Museum (officially 2nd best in the UK), Greyfriars Bobby, the Mound. And with the Grassmarket a hundred feet away, you have all the historic glory of the Oldtown epitomised in one place. Such a beautiful area for the visualists out there.No visit to Edinburgh is complete if you miss George IV Bridge.Oh and blah blah blah, Harry Potter, blah blah blah....!
