1	Had a pizza delivered from this store.  Pizza tasted fine (seemed like it was cooked with a Domino's style pressure oven as opposed to the Baker's Pride oven which I prefer) but I don't recommend patronizing this place because I ordered a 12" pizza and seeing how the pie didn't quite fit the box, measured it and found it was only 11-1/4".  Totally unacceptable.  That 3/4" shortfall is ripping off the customer tremendously.There is NO excuse for this.  Pizzas are made on circular trays(?) which provide for relatively consistent sizes.  Even if the same amount of dough was used (it didn't taste extra doughy), that's a lot less toppings used.Observe:  12" pizza = 3.14 * (6^2) = 113.04 sq, in....  11-1/4" pizza = 3.14 * (5.625^2) =  99.35 sq. in. -- 12% less pizza or 13.69 sq. in less or a 3.7" square of pizza missing.  I'm still hungry because of this missing amount.Also, the receipt doesn't specify the delivery charge (Domino's does) but lumps it all together with the price of the pizza.  Something to hide?AVOID this establishment.  They must be taught a lesson.
4	Solid delivery pie. On par with Pizza Hut and Domino's, without being greasy. Tried a large pizza with one half roma tomatoes and fresh garlic, and the other half pepperoni and extra cheese. The 'traditional' side tasted decent, but the tomatoes and garlic were surprisingly good.Their policy is delivery within 50 minutes or its free, and my order came in under 25 minutes. Not sure how they managed that sort of speed.For those who do cold leftovers - it fared quite well, even the next morning.
2	I ordered online which was easy...I had to wait 1h for my pizza to finally come by...I don't live far from the pizza pizza...I did order on January 1st so maybe shame on me?  If your offer service on odd days...just make sure you can if you can't they don't open! They also messed up my order by giving me a smaller can of soda...So two stars because the pizza was good and the online service was great.
3	This is a cute, convenient little pizza joint right on Rue de St. Catherine.  Perfect for you late night greasy food craving after a night of hard liquor!  Nothing too memorable though, a common pizza joint.
1	I will never ever order another pizza form this place for delivery. The order is always wrong.Never thought I would say it order form Dominos at least the order is always right.
