5	What a delight! A great new place in the West End. Being friend's with the chef I have to promote this place but I must admit it's a great place. The food is fresh and tasty and quite Scandinavian in style.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the food we ordered was beautifully presented. I went for a Fennel salad to start with (which is unusual for me!) and the Skirt Steak for mains, followed by a delicious chocolate tart. My companion went for Stornoway black pudding, with duck egg and piccalilli which worked very well. The seasonal mixed vegetables is presented as a frittata which is quite different too.I saw other people having the cheese board which did look delicious and small enough to not be overpowering!Have a look at their website and give it a go.It looks tiny when you walk in but through the back is a lovely, bright conservatory area which is very nice indeed! It's a nice wee haven in the city from all the hustle and bustle of town! I hope it does well and gets a lot more visitors :)
5	Pork pie.That's all you need to know for this review: pork pie.Ok, well maybe a little more description. Most of which will revolve around the description of the pie, the taste of the pie, the scraped clean plate / board that the pie rested on, and the picture of the pie (see my uploaded photo!)The interesting thing is, it wasn't really a pie - not the traditional one-person pie, or even a slice of a larger pie. It must have been more like a long terrine-shaped log of pie, cut into square slices.The inside of the pie had no gravy, but also no gellatine. Instead, it was pure pulled pork. Big chunks of pork, tender and moist.The pastry was quite thick and buttery and crumbly but substantial. I like it, the lovely Leila A commented it wasn't like normal pastry. I agree, but I liked it.It came presented on a wooden board with some winter chutney (like the filling on a mincemeat pie), coleslaw, salad, and beautiful home-made oatcakes. The oatcakes were a bit confusing - the pie was perfect as it was, and there was nothing to put on the oatcakes. So of course Leila and I asked to take them away, tucked up in napkins, for supper that evening.The Edinburgh Larder Bistro is tucked in basement level on a street that is itself tucked into the West End. It may not get much footfall. But I'd urge anyone to seek it out. The menu is traditional Scottish, cooked beautifully, with some interesting twists.I was here for lunch and it was cosy. There are booths, bigger tables, the staff are very friendly and I would happily come back here weekly for a special lunch or dinner.
4	Edinburgh Larder Bistro menu is about to change.. but before that happens, me and my husband decided to pay a visit to sample the current menu. It was especially tempting after the fantastic Yelp blindfold tasting event last week.I was hesitating between two options on the menu: venison and pheasant. I wasn't too keen on the pearl barley risotto which accompanied the venison but fancied the pheasant's side veg instead. So I explained my dilemma to the waitress and she kindly offered to swap the side dishes. I didn't go for a starter, but my husband had the pigeon, which was melt-in-the-mouth stuff. Mains arrived. Venison was plated prettily and I could already see it was perfectly cooked. I took a bite.. 'Oh my god'  It was so good indeed. So soft and tender, and well seasoned and the vegetables and potatoes all went well together.Now how about a dessert? Yes please! I chose the chocolate tart which came with sea buck thorn and ice cream. The waitress bought two spoons (just in case). I'm afraid I ate most of the tart (apart from one spoonful for husband) - well I did offer..The tart was both light and rich at the same time - and it really needs to be shared.I ate too much of it, but that is a lesson for me to learn :)So friendly service again from the Edinburgh Larder Bistro. This is soon turning out to be one of my favourite places to dine in this city!
5	Excellent Scottish bistro located just off Queensferry Street at the West End. I came for the pre-theatre menu and left a seriously happy chappy. Three courses down the hatch and every one delicious. Relaxed ambience with candle-lit tables and wooden surrounds. The restaurant itself is spacious and has a pleasant and accommodating staff that were only too happy to recommend dishes and give us some culinary pointers. I had the pate starter, fish main and apple & custard pudding. My only negative would be the brandy custard on the pudding; it was a bit too overpowering for me, but then I'm not a big fan of booze in food. Other than that an absolutely lovely dinner and I've already booked a return pre-theatre meal! It's the perfect place to fill up on really good quality grub before winging your way to Filmhouse, Usher Hall, Traverse or Lyceum. Cannot recommend more.
4	That was some breakfast - lovely black pudding, scrambled eggs done to a T and the juiciest of sausages. The toast was a little dry when unaccompanied, and the bacon mainly fat (but not to worry about that on a one-off basis). This was my first trip here and it's a delightful spot, tucked away under some of Edinburgh's finest stone facades between the West End and the diplomatic quarter. They looked after us well, accommodated 20 as easily as they did the couples that peppered the rest of the space and the whole place felt relaxed and airy. Much of this is down to the courtyard area, which only seats about a dozen but opens up the whole restaurant. I may well be back, though I'm not often in this part of town to eat - great to know it's there though.
3	Was under impressed...Hmmm... Toast or a hockey puck? The decor was nice!
3	Went to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro a couple of times, first time for brunch, second time for lunch.  On both occasions, I had a voucher deal, which is always great to try somewhere new.The brunch was OK, mine was actually really good, I had the smoked salmon on home made bread, the only downside was it was actually a very small portion and that I was still famished afterwards. My brunch buddy had the veggie full breakfast, which was fine apart for a lump of potatoes and carrots that didn't have their place on the plate, and would have been better replaced by a home-made tomato relish or something else.The lunch was OK, but not exciting.  We had leek and ham soup, which was delicious, with some crispy bacon. Thumbs up for the soup!  However, the choice of mains was fairly limited, so we opted for the coley.  The fish itself came perfectly cooked, the chips were OK, but the steamed broccoli and cauliflower were a bit sad and bland.  That dish could have really done with a bit of a 'wow' factor!  Oh and last but not least, they forgot to bring the two glasses of wine we had ordered.  I had to ask for them, which means that they arrived after we had finished the starter.Overall, not a bad experience, but the place doesn't live up to its expectations, which is a real shame.  I do like the wooden decor though.
1	After returning for a second try, I feel even more underwhelmed by my experience. The soup was lacking depth in flavour to match what was a good texture. Salt and pepper didn't help the cause. Bread with the soup would have been nice too. We weren't even offered  and since we were sat alone in the back, it wasn't until we finished our meal and others seated around us ordered soup, did we realise that bead was supposed to come with the meal. My main course was alright. Visually pleasing. I had the chicken dish which was good. I was confused by the addition of olive oil that was drizzled on the gravy. Just seemed to make the dish oily without adding to the flavour. As for my partner's dish, she had the fish which seemed well presented and cooked until I found a long hair in the vegetable side.  The only positive that I can take away from our second visit was the presentation on the plate was visually appealing but, much to my displeasure again, that's about where it ends.All in all, after visiting a couple of times I've become less impressed every time I have tried the Larder. This is unfortunate because I was quite impressed with the couple of times the Edinburgh Larder help events in conjunction with Yelp (the winter  event and the blind tasting). I hate to think that they only try to put their best foot forward when trying to impress reviews and not when its the random customer off the street.
4	I've only so far been to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro once, but I like the cut of its various locally sourced food items.I was here for the first Yelp Elite event of the year, so was lucky in that I got to try a variety of dishes (and attempt to guess what they were) from my first encounter with pigs trotters (I would NEVER ever have guessed that's what they were) to really delicious stovies. There's a definite creativity to the dishes here, and it doesn't at all seem run-of-the-mill, and they have lots of brilliant Scottish suppliers which is always an awesome thing to support. Everything is seasonally fresh and the menu changes in accordance, so you know you're getting the best of what's out there in Scotland.As a spot in the west end to pop into for a cosy, relaxed meal with friends I would definitely recommend it, and in fact, I need to be making a booking along those lines very soon.
2	After having the Edinburgh Larder Bistro's most amazing sample of chocolate ganache at the amazing Yelp Winterfall Wonderland event, my interest was piqued and I couldn't wait to try the restaurant itself. I was sorely disappointed. First, during Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, I thought my pancakes with bacon tasted ok but were quite overpriced for two itsy bitsy pancakes and a lack of friendliness on the part of the staff. The restaurant was attractively decorated and they did accommodate our large group, but without much grace as many others really didn't like what they were served.Although I really wanted to like the Edinburgh Larder Bistro because of their mission to serve good quality food made from locally-sourced ingredients, I was on the fence after the brunch about whether I liked this place. I wanted to give it a second try, so my boyfriend and I purchased a groupon for a two-course lunch here. Since I work from home and his work is also flexible, we had brought our backpacks with our computers with us so we could work from New Town in the afernoon. When we showed up at our appointed time for our reservation, the staff looked us up and down and led us to the back room (they obviously wanted to hide us in the back!). At our table, the woman looked us up and down again and, after a long pause and looking disdainingly at our bags, said that other customers would be coming in and sitting next to us so could she take our bags to the other room since they would need the space? She could have framed this much more tactfully and asked if she could help us by relieving us of our bags by taking them out of our way!Although things had a rocky start, I liked the simple menu of just a few items that were the fresh specialties of the day made from in-season, local ingredients. We both had the mushroom soup to start. The soup was good and better than a run-of-the-mill cream of mushroom soup but it wasn't too special or memorable. Since we had heard about the Larder Bistro's great bread and thought that bread would be the perfect addition to our starter, we were a bit sad that we weren't served any. Later, during our main course, we were frustrated to see other customers were served bread with their soup while we had not been!For my main, I had the fish. While I was expecting a flavourful, locally-caught fish, I was underwhelmed by the dish. Although it scored high on presentation and looked quite pretty, it's taste wasn't on the same calibre. To make things worse, when I was over half-way through my meal I found a hair in my dish. I didn't think it was mine but then again I wasn't quite sure. I ate a bit more from other parts of my plate but that was the not-so-perfect end to our lunch.Even though the Larder Bistro might had wanted more posh customers and we didn't seem to meet their expectations, they should have treated us just as well as the other customers (the two older ladies sitting a few tables away, or the couple sitting behind us -- and, no, there was still no one actually sitting at either of the tables next to us!). The other customers were welcomed warmly, had their coats kindly taken out of their way and received bread with their soup. We aren't slobs and we were a bit taken aback by the poor service and underwhelming lunch after hearing such lovely reviews prior to our visits here. In the future, I hope that the staff become more friendly and caring and that the quality of the food matches the prices they are charging for it.
