4	Earlier this week, I discovered the Buyback$ location on Sahara and Decatur (which was pretty awesome but that's another review) and the gentleman behind the counter informed me they had a new location open up that very day in the shopping center in front of the Galleria Mall that was even larger than the Sahara location. He did initially tell me that it was in a former DSW Shoe Store and those are MASSIVE, but it was actually in a former Zappo's, which is actually still pretty big.Much like the Buyback$ on Sahara and Decatur, this place is mainly about MOVIES and VIDEO GAMES. It is incredible how much media they have crammed into that store. I was particularly impressed by the collection of Playstation 1 games they had on display and for a VERY reasonable price. I ended up picking up a game from 1998 called "Nitrous Oxide" that has an awesome soundtrack by Crystal Method for $3.99. Totally awesome!There's a few racks along the walls loaded with DVDs that are all $1.99. I was low on time so I didn't get a chance to scour through them too much, but I was impressed! It seemed like a good mixture of primarily action, comedy and horror flicks from the 1990s to the mid-2000s.Although the music section is quite small compared to the other two sections, I found it to be pretty dang good. I picked up Green Day's "Nimrod" for $1.99, Outkast's "Aquemini" for $3.99 and I nearly nabbed Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" for $1.99, but I ended up putting it back. Some of the albums could be found for cheaper on Amazon.com or Half.com, but that's usually the case with any used record store.Overall, this is an AWESOME new edition to the Vegas valley. Glad to see that Zia Records isn't the only name in the game, although I love them as well.
4	REVIEW #50!Ahh so this is where used DVDs, cds and video games end up! This huge place has a large inventory of newer movie titles in DVDs and an eclectic selection of older DVDs &  VHS tapes. There are also some vintage video games like Gameboy games as well. The cashier I spoke to said this store opened a week ago. I came across this place after having lunch at the new macaroni restaurant next door.  As you enter there is a bargain bin. From what I saw the main area had DVDs in center, VHS tapes along back wall, the games towards the front and music CDs along back wall.  There is a display case also that had video game consoles and accessories.  Most DVD were under $4.99 some were as cheap as $1.99!  Some newer titles seemed priced at retail price though. There were TV series sets also some as low as $3.99!  Everything is sorted alphabetically. So you'll spend alot of time going thru the aisles if you are looking for a dvd. The store had a slight musty dusty smell to the place but other than that it's clean, bright and spacious. Staff was friendly.You can bring in old DVDs, VHS, CD tapes, video games and consoles and get paid cash for it. I'll try that next time. And for those of you who like to post pix to social media sites..snap a photo and post it online and show what you posted to cashier to get a discount off your purchase. Came out of this place with a bunch of vids for dirt cheap!
4	We knew a long time that they were opening another location in town but the employees at the Decatur location wouldn't tell us where. Maybe when we were asking, the location wasn't for certain. Either way, I wasn't sure about this location at first. I felt like I was cheating on the one at Decatur. However, this store is much, much bigger and definitely has more stock. There are just racks and racks of blu rays, DVDs, and games galore. Always only gently used and mostly in great condition. Selections from kids, family, old classics to new releases. There is even a VHS section and CD section. You can't go wrong with the place.One visit we scored a gently used XBOX 360 controller for less than $25! If that is not a steal, then I do not know what one is! There are just racks and racks of blu rays, DVDs, and games galore. Always only gently used and mostly in great condition. Selections from kids, family, old classics to new releases. There is even a VHS section and CD section. You can't go wrong with the place.The employees aren't super friendly but they aren't rude either. Mostly teenagers, so you can't expect the most or best. However, when I was trying to add this location to Yelp so I could finally check in they were very helpful with giving me the address and phone number and such. I think the only thing that throws me off about the service is when I ask if they have a movie or game in stock, it is either "I think so" or "There was one out there yesterday". I expect a little more, like look in your system and tell me if you are showing one in stock. I KNOW they have the capabilities to do that. But due to location of this shop and my last experience at the Decatur store I think this is our new BuyBack$ spot.If you aren't looking to buy but want to sell some items, they do that too.
2	I'm not a fan of used media stores. As a serious movie buff, I always go into places like this with high hopes, thinking I can score a rare find or a blu-ray for a great deal. Alas, that never happens. Know your prices before you go, I didn't see any deals at all. The place still sells VHS video tapes (and for super cheap), although I don't know anyone who still owns a VCR to play them. The store space is just too big and as a result, the shelves look empty and sad. And how many copies of 'Bridesmaids' on DVD does one place need? Yawn.
4	In a town that doesn't have many used media stores, this is one of the best. They have a great selection of mostly used blu-rays, dvds, video games and cds and their prices are among the lowest I've seen.On several different occasions, I have stopped by this store looking for one thing and ended up with something completely different. The film selection changes pretty frequently and most movies or shows can be purchased for under $20.This is the best store in Vegas for new releases, often having multiple used copies of a movie within days of home release. They also have a great selection of $1 dvds that puts Redbox to shame. Next time you are looking to buy a particular a movie in Las Vegas, try checking here first. If they have it, you won't find it cheaper anywhere else.
3	Awesome place to buy used media.  I have one gripe about BuyBack$ though.  The prices seemed to have gone up on their inventory.  When we first visited the one in Henderson, we were pleased with the prices of both the blu rays and console games.  Most of all their 3D prices on blu ray.  They were priced insanely cheap!  Now when we visit, I see the same movies and games priced higher.  I don't know if we just picked good buys before, but this time around we were not as excited.  I was able to get a used copy of God of War: Ascension Collector's Edition for less than $40 before, now when I see it in stock, its $75!  Make sure when you go you can check the prices online so you know you are getting a good deal.
5	Buybacks, how I love thee!I love this location in particular because of their amazing $1 CD section. Some people collect vinyl records. I never grew up with a record player so I never got into that, but I LOVE me some CDs! The dollar section definitely requires some digging, but what's pleasure without a little pain? Ha. For ONE whole dollar, I have found rare gems, old loves, and even take a risk on artists that I've never heard because it's a dollar I'm gambling. There are also a number of deals that change daily/weekly. Some of these include:_10% off your entire purchase if you check in._$0.49 CDs!_10 (of the dollar) CDs for $5! Making them only 50cents each._Buy 3, get 1 free! (of anything in the store)And countless other ones on DVDs, game consoles, etc.Their customer service is top notch. Everyone is extremely friendly and will help you out as best as they can. Usually when stores offer BOGO deals, they cross off the cheaper item. At Buybacks, they do their best to do the opposite! Say you got one CD for $5 and the other for $3, they would give you the $5 CD for free! After working at the library for almost 8 years, I can definitely appreciate their alphabetical order layout, allowing you to search for particular artists with ease. This is definitely a browser store though. Don't go here expecting to find specific items, instead, hope to be pleasantly surprised that you're walking out with 10 items. THANK YOU, BUYBACKS!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.It's a DVD collector's heaven. This is a great place to go when you're trying to locate your favorite movie in stores and can't seem to find it OR if you don't feel like paying the full price for a movie (who really does?).Just a friendly tip though - don't think you can walk out of here empty-handed. YOU WILL FIND SOMETHING YOU WANT whether it be that movie you've been searching months for or one of your forgotten favorite movie you just so happened to stumble upon. This store has a wide selection of movies both regular DVDs and Blu-Ray along with CDs, video games, video game consoles and VHS tapes. You really can't go wrong here. I've actually manage to almost complete my Iron Man series (I still have to snag the 3rd one) along with my Fast n Furious collection. I even increased my Disney movies through here.I try to limit myself here because if I came here as much as I want to - I would have no money.
1	Very good selection but very poor customer service. It's like going to the DMV, where you have all these workers, yet only one is at the register.
3	Pretty cool spot where you can buy previously viewed DVDS/ VIDEO GAMES. They have a few systems but not a  ton. My favorite thing about this place was the selection of  Nintendo DS games for a reasonable price. It seems a bit more affordable then game stop. My only issue was the customer service was LACKING. The people working there just didn't seem happy to be there at all. I barely got spoken to or even a smile! I used to work at a Video store and let me tell you the customers I came across were so much fun because it's always a BLAST talking to people about their entertainment tastes. Maybe it was a off day but I wasn't Wowed but I did enjoy the buy 3 get one free deal!!!
1	Advice to everyone , always check your receipt , when you sell them anything always make sure you count how much you bring in and how much the receipt says you brought in, sometimes they tend to keep people stuff for themselfs.
1	Ok I went in and immediately held my nose because it smells like feet in here VERY strongly! I walked in and held my nose for about 30 seconds to see the prices of things. It seemed reasonably priced but I thought to myself "why should I have to cover my nose in a store? This is ridiculous" and then I walked out. Stinky smelly raunchy disgusting gym locker funk feet! Ew!
4	This is a nice place to browse the shelves for used DVDs, CDs, Games and even VHS movies that many people still have. The store is near the Walgreens, across the parking lot of Macys  near the Galleria Mall, but may be a little hard to find since the windows are tinted and you can't see if there is people inside from the outside. I doubt there will ever be a retro resurgence of people falling back to collect VHS tapes because?????? not sure......(they want to rewind, watch poor quality picture or pull out jammed VHS tape from their VCR). Collectors have gone back to LP records for obvious reasons, but very doubtful that VHS tape will ever make a comeback. The inventory seems to change quite often here and some visits you finds some good stuff and others times not as much. The prices are very reasonable and if you can find 10 in the specials DVDs section it's only $15. I would rather purchase DVDs, but the selection is so much better in the VHS section that I find myself buying from there quite often. Most VHS tapes are 25 cents to a few dollars each so it won't break the bank and I play them in my garage VCR so it's cool to pop in a tape and change your oil or whatever. The service here is good, I really don't need a long social interaction with the clerks, so plop the stuff down, they ring it up and you are out the door. The best part is they don't Razz you for buying old outdated movies on VHS for a quarter. Ha ha!
5	Seriously the best place to find movies, games, cd's, you name it. If they don't have it in their store then they can find another location that does and they'll ship to your house. Their deals are also awesome, all their regular priced stuff is buy 3 get 1 free and their bargain movies are 10 for $15!!
5	This place is awesome! I have bought and sold games and DVDs at this location and always find something I need. The employees have always been nice and helpful. The store is huge with a great variety and we have never had an issue with any pre-owned items we have purchased. I would recommend this location to anyone looking for an affordable way to buy games, especially as new games are ridiculously over priced.
1	Been here a couple times and normally I would leave a 5 star feedback, but this time the manager Zoey was there. She was rude and as long as you were there to buy something she treated you like gold. The moment she found out you were there to sell you weren't worth her time any longer. I was super disappointed in how we were treated, so much so that I drove across town to the other buy backs and got treated as a valuable customer. If you see the manager Zoey there turn around and go to the other location!! :(
1	Yea the prices are awesome but I honestly don't give a fuck. I'll go to zia or pay full price then go back here the customer service was so stupid. Im not up tight and demand to be treated like I'm in a high end place wherever I go. NO that's not me but I know customer service and these little dip shits didn't have any. They were rude to my boy friend after he tried to ask a simply question about using one of his debt cards, they were sooooooo slow and there was no reason for it, there are 4 people up at the register talking to only each other not to the customers to make sure everything was ok or if anything was needed nope nothing, dropping F bombs in front of customers being soooo stupid and annoying I was actually laughing up front at how ridiculous this crew was. If I was there manager or there boss I would be embarrassed to have them working for me. If you can't even do a simply customer service cashier job then I guess your a lol fucked considering we love in a customer service city. OH and some punk ass kids go on the side and talk to one of the people working up front and is trying to get a whole bag of free games and only paid for two of them... Lol ohhh man like I said of I was in charge I would beEmbarrassed that was pathetic. Annoying. Ridiculous. Like I said earlier I'd rather go to zia the people over there are cooler to talk to an not little bitches and bastards there :)
4	Never dealt with their employees that much cause I make only a few stops a year, so I cannot comment on some employee hating on yelp from some reviews.I'll just talk about the store.  It's freaking loaded with dvds and games that are mostly cheaply priced.  It is what it is, a big store that goes through tons of stock each week moving them in and out.  If something is scratched, they will fix your purchase at checkout, thus no worries about getting caught with an unplayable dvd or game.To stock up on games and dvds at Xmas time, this is the only store to go to in LV.
1	Let me just start with the fact that I'm a regular at this store. I'm in here nearly every week, I always deal with the same few guys and they are always super friendly and full energy. Normally I leave there wishing I had worked somewhere like this in my earlier years.This experience, however was nothing short of a farce.  I came In just a few days ago with a few (probably around 10) DVDS to trade in. I also spent about an hour looking around and picking out things for purchase. When I got up to the line I saw the usual crew of people with a few others behind the counter. They were all busy so I took my merchandise over to a shorter lady with dark hair ( looked age 30-45). She told me that someone else would be right with me and went about doing her thing. So I got back in line.Ten to fifteen minutes later I'm still waiting and watching the lady that told me to wait. I couldn't help but think "if there are so many people waiting in line, why is this girl just standing there DOING NOTHING?"As aggravated as I was I still tried to make conversation with her hoping that she'd actually help me out. All of my conversation starters got rudely shut  down but she has NO PROBLEM carrying on a conversation with other employees. I got so sick of waiting and watching her call others that are behind me in line to check out (and by check out I mean passed to other employees) that I ended up dropping whatever I had and leaving.This customer service is BEYOND disappointing... At no point in time did I see that lady actually help the others out or ring someone up. Can she even work the register? Whatever the situation is, I think I'll just wait till she gets fired to come back to this store. Shouldn't have to wait too long if they have any kind of upper management..
5	At first I went to the Decatur location and was dissatisfied but found this location and they are extremely better. All the movies at this location seem to be in almost mint condition and the people are very helpful and friendly. The prices are amazing as well. They have a good return policy and if something isn't perfect they do their best to make it right. You will be amazed at their selection of movies. I would recommend this place to anyone.
1	Ever wondered why the money they give you seems light compared to all of the movies/ games/ cds you've brought in? Thats probably because it IS! I am a former employee of this horrific store and I'm going to tell you some stuff that people DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW. Over the months that I've worked at Buybacks I've had so many people come back to my store outraged because the STORE MANAGER (Zoe Gonzoles)  refused to give them receipts for all of the items that they had traded in.Just a piece of advice, ALWAYS ask for your receipt when trading in ANYTHING. If she tells you that they can not print receipts they are FLAT OUT LYING. No "system update" would ever keep them from printing receipts plus we havent had a "system update" since the beginning of summer, so if anyone gives you this excuse they are LYING. Zoe has been lying and scamming this community for a long few months now. You should see the BOXES of stuff that she takes home on a daily basis. I was personally there when a customer brought in 150 Anime DVDs and she told him that we would have to pass on all of them. The customer just decided to leave them there for donation. After the customer left I looked through the pile only to find that all of it was in PERFECT condition and we could have taken ALL of it. That poor guy missed out on about 200 bucks because my STORE MANAGER lied to him. As I saw her pack up the 150 anime Box sets/ dvds I asked her what she was going to do with it, and she told me that she was going to bring it to our other store to get "bargained out" (Which is required by the company if we get donations).Liking anime as much as I do I went to the store on Decatur the next day to see if it was there and the employees had NO CLUE what I was talking about. She had never come. The box wasn't there OR at the other store. I've also seen her ring up trades and DELETE THE ITEMS SHE WANTS, and complete the trade. So that the item is not in our inventory, and she can just pocket it.Zoe is turning this whole store into a SCAM!I've sat around and watched her scam just about everyone that walked through that door and I've had about enough, Remember, If ZOE GONZOLES is there, you're better off bringing your trades to Gamestop, at least they wont  RIP YOU OFF.Also, all of the good reviews on there are made by employees or people that have had interviews, she makes you write a good review if you want the job. And you don't get the job unless her review is posted.Multiple employees can vouch for this.But she is FIRING anyone that threatens to tell customers of our district manager.I am the 4th to be let go because of this.I will be posting this all over Facebook/ twitter/Here is corporates Number! Help us to get a good manager in here so we can trade without being scammed!Jason Hinkle: Cheif opperating Officer: 512-997-8198
5	Love this store. Always quiet and clean!Employees are friendly and helpful always. They work fast.HUUUUUUUGE selection of discount DVDs for $1.00.. If you cannot find something you like in the midst of all the discount movies, idk what to tell you!! Most other movies are decently priced, generally $3.99 Definitely worth checking out
3	In it for the cheap prices and big selection. This store has a massive selection of DVD's , video games, CD's and even good ole VHS ( some of them are still shrink wrapped. The prices are pretty damn good, especially the 1$ bargain bin. The staff is pretty helpful and friendly, except for the little hobbit manager gal who is kind of a b*** but she usually doesn't come out from under the bridge until the late afternoon or evening. The main gripe i have about this place is the wait time it's kinda like if the DMV sold movies. There's never more than 2 people working the register and one of them is usually busy scanning movies that someone has sold them. So if you are in a mad rush be prepared to hurry up and wait.
5	I was very pleased with the customer service I received yesterday.  I took in a box of CD's I no longer wanted. The staff was helpful and courteous and very friendly.  I set a number in my head of what I hoped to receive from the sale.  I received that amount plus 50 %. I also had an opportunity to look around the store and was VERY impressed with the selections and prices. This is the place to go to sell, and buy used entertainment merchandise.
