2	Service wasn't that great, and the french toast wasn't really much more than literally toasted bread with no flavor.
1	I love ihop. But this one is terrible. I finally decided to try pancakes there and asked if they had real maple syrup. I was told they did and didn't believe them so argued with waiter. He went to the cook to ask and came back saying the hot syrup was real maple. So I trust that advice. Immediately I got a reaction and felt lethargic. Told manager about it and he didn't seem to care that I had an allergic reaction to the false information provided by the staff.Other times I love the tossed salad with chicken. Description says it is tossed with yellow mustard. Normally, at other places it is tossed like it is described. At this one however, they just give it to you on the side. Small nitpick I know, but if you describe something as tossed in he menu, it should be tossed.There are several other examples of bad service and food. I will not be coming back to this terrible restaurant. And I suggest everyone else turn away as well.
3	The thing about IHOP is that you usually know what you're getting when you go there. It's not the best breakfast food, but it's consistant. The service at this location has always been quick and we leave all ready for a nap.
1	IHOP isn't the best place to go if you are hungry! Its the worst place! I had to wait for my food after I ordered for 30 minutes and when it finally came it was cold!!! I had to send it back so it could be warmed, that took so long and I ended up leaving hungry!!Augh!!
1	Truly the worst Ihop I have ever been to!!!  There was a waitress that was walking around sweating buckets of sweat while serving, not appetizing at all.  The food came out cold and looked completely unappetizing.  My husband got a Western Omlet--it had a little cheese and a few pieces of ham and literally NO ingredients iside, just all egg.  My food was awful, cold-it looked like they reused it from the last person that probably left it on the table uneaten.  Ugh, will never go there again.
4	Best hangover food at any hour !  Bacon scramble is the way to go
3	Out of pure convenience would I ever eat at a chain restaurant for breakfast but for that factor alone IHOP will suffice. Nothing seems to have an overly personal touch, however like some have quoted before its pretty quick great hangover food.
1	Very poor service, couldn't get clean silverware to save my soul. Food was fair.
5	Best place in Gilbert for breakfast.  Food was great and service was superior.  Thanks
4	Yes, agreed, it is a chain restaurant.  However, it is convenient and the food is not bad.  I must say the servers must be challenged by the crowd that flocks in, especially during the weekend.  I have never seen a server just hanging around, they are always moving.  Ok, occasionally they may make a mistake, so what?  Who hasn't?  I love the patio, eating outdoors has a special feel to me.  I have been a goer of IHOP for many years.  I hope it i s around for a long time to come.
4	Love coming here!  Always served quickly.  Saturday AMs can be super crowded but it is like that for most breakfast places.  Nice atmosphere, awesome waiters, and great food!  I marked it down because once in awhile the food takes longer than I would like.
3	Decent breakfast but there was soooooo much sugar in the iced coffee! We felt like we were actually hallucinating! Ordered a waffle with bananas and pecans, was disappointed to find out the pecans are also covered in sugar. Seriously, sugar everywhere..
1	took my wife and 3 kids for breakfast at dinner time. The employees were very nice and helpful but....my wife found a long hair in her eggs, they forgot to take the kids meals off the cost (kids eat free happy hour) I gave the waiter $10 for being so polite but then they charged my card twice. I then sat on hold for 10 minutes the following day to try to resolve. the manager said I would have to bring my bank statement in so she could send it to corporate and get it fixed. What a nightmare.
2	I've been to other ihop locations, but this one seems to be sub par.   We were seated quickly, and the waitress was ready to take our order immediately.  Our waitress was super awkward and the service was poor. She must have asked us what we would like to order about 3 times in two minutes.  Are we not allowed to look over the menu?  I ordered the strawberry banana french toast because it looked and sounded amazing on the menu.   I was severely underwhelmed.  If sugary syrupy half frozen strawberries on thinly sliced bread is your thing, you might love it! When checking out, they were trying to tell me I needed an ID to use my visa debit card.  They hassled me for about 10 minutes over a $10 purchase. It wouldn't have been a big deal, but my ID was at home.  Visa strictly prohibits merchants to require and ID with a signed debit card, so I didnt bring it. Get it together ihop. I gave two stars for cleanliness, but I won't return.
1	If I could, I would give this IHOP 0 stars. If you want horrible service, cold food, and dirty tables, well then this place is for you. If not, (hopefully you have higher standards), avoid at all costs. I went here for a late dinner (at like 10 at night) and was sitting a my table for over 15 minutes before my waiter bothered to come over and ask what I'd like to drink. When I (finally) received my drink, the glass was dirty and there was something floating in my sprite. On top of that, my mozzarella sticks were lukewarm and on a dirty plate. When my soup arrived, it too was lukewarm and somewhat congealed. I requested to speak to a manager because... Let's be honest, that's a little gross, and she comped my meal. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the gesture, but she looked as though she couldn't care less and was quite rude. Since this not-so-awesome experience, I've been once in the morning for breakfast with some family and it was alright... At least the food was warm and the plates seemed to be clean....Yikes.
4	The service is better on the weekends I noticed, but staff is very helpful and friendly.
1	This place deserves 0 stars. I'm incredibly surprised that based off the reviews nothing has been done about this establishment. I came in with my friend and stood at the front counter waiting to be seated for 10 minutes. I could understand this kind of wait if they were busy, but it was silent and all we could hear standing there was the obnoxious chiming bell in the back notifying the employees that customers came in side. Even after hearing the bell repeatedly no one came to seat us. Finally a employee comes strolling out of the bathroom and her response is "oh, no one seated you"? Finally she walks us to our seat and hands us menus telling us our waiter will be with us soon. So we sat for a few more minutes  and heard a few employees talking about customers behind us. Our waiter finally appears walks by our table shrugs and says "ehh I'll get them in minute". We instantly decided to leave because it was apparent this restaurant didn't want our money. As we got in the car I looked in side to see 3 employees at the front counter all smiling and talking about the fact that we left. Drove a few miles down to the IHOP on power where we were seated right away and had great customer service. Our waiter here was actually professional. Even watched him help an elderly woman out side.
4	I don't often go to IHOP because something about this place screams all I want to eat is Pancakes, of which I for some cursed reason can't consume pancakes, french toast, or waffles so what would be the point in going. Although the other week I was taking my son home and wanted to spend some extra time with him and IHOP was close, open and convenient , of course he's always willing to eat. From the moment we walked in we were greeted by the hostest with the mostest, super friendly, funny and sat us right away. Our waitress Cristina got our menus, drinks and checked a few times if we were ready to order, although distracted by our conversation it took us some time to order she never made us feel rushed. My son ordered breakfast with pancakes(shocking I know) I ordered fries and dessert to share when he was done. I think I blinked and his food was gone, and our waitress waited to put the dessert in until we were ready. Holy cow, the fried cheesecake with caramel and whip was scrumptious, I resisted licking the plate and joked with Cristina who said she saw a customer to that once, too funny! Good times, good food, good service! Hold the pancakes please!
4	Great service, didn't wait long for our food, and weren't rushed after our meal to pay! Food came just as we ordered didn't need to send anything back, and our drinks were never empty! Good place for breakfast or dinner! :)
1	I'm visiting from out of town, due to time change went to this I Hop at 11:00 a.m. For breakfast.  The place was pretty much empty, but it still took them over 30 mins to deliver our food. If you like super slow service, bugs in your water, luke warm food, forgetful waitress.  Then you've come to the right place...enjoy!
1	If you want super slow service, Luke warm food, forgetful waitress, bugs in your water....you've found your restaurant!
1	oh now i remember why ihop is gross... i got the tbone steak and egg, worst steak ive ever had.. i think my daughters decent french toast was better...
1	oy. Okay.... So I was DESPERATELY craving pancakes, and so I decided that I would give IHOP another shot... and I wish I hadn't.I went to IHOP on Tuesday, unaware that apparently it was national pancake day. Still, I got right in, almost no wait at all... And that's where all positives come to a screeching halt. I ordered a splasher (strawberries, oj, and sprite) and I'm fairly certain more drink was on the outside of the glass than inside of it; it was impossibly sticky. I ordered the split decision breakfast, and asked for cheese on my eggs. When I (finally) got my food, the eggs were lukewarm and had some weird, congealed version of provolone cheese. I picked off the plastic-y goo and attempted to consume my breakfast. (The best part of which were the sausage links... at least they were warm). When I got my ticket, I saw that I had been upcharged $2.99 for getting provolone cheese. $2.99! So, with ticket in hand, I went to the counter and let the cashier know that I was never told of an upcharge and furthermore, I couldn't even eat the eggs. She said "Oh, sorry" and removed the charge. I am not sure why I keep trying to give this place another chance... I think it's time to give up on it.
1	I don't know why I keep giving this location a chance. Most of the time I go in we end up having to wait forever to be seated. But today it only took about 5 minutes. It's still a long time but it's better than 20-30. I don't even know where to start. They are never busy but the place is always trashed. It took a server to clear off a couple tables in the time we were there. The server we had was very slow. She came up to us not too long after we were seated but then it took at least 10 minutes to get our drinks. Then she finally took our order. That didn't take too long to come out but we had ordered onion rings as an appetizer and they only came out a couple minutes before our dinner. The food was ok. But then not even a couple bites into our dinner she already brought us out check. I felt rushed. And we saw the server only a couple of times. The service is horrible and the food is mediocre.
4	Come here when you want a generic breakfast. The crepes were great. Everything is just good, nothing incredible, but will live up to your expectations of iHop.
1	Left after waiting 50 minutes for my food.
2	IHOP is one of those places you go to knowing its probably not going to be good but even then you get disappointed. The crepes were really bad but the pancakes were ok. The waiter was nice but the girl up front was really rude and had a "don't bother me" attitude. Just typical IHOP.
2	On top of waiting forever to be seated, I had a coupon going in and it disappeared while I was eating their terrible pancakes
1	Horrible service. My husband and I went there for breakfast and were told there was a 15-20 min wait. There were no available seats inside, so we sat outside (I'm in my 7th mo of pregnancy and didn't feel like standing). 20 min later, a host came out and asked another party of 2 (who got there after us) if they'd like to sit outside, and if so, they could seat them immediately. They never came out with that offer for us. 20 minutes after that, we were still waiting. Meanwhile, the multiple parties who arrived 5-15 minutes of us all got seated. I'll never go to this iHop again.
