4	Getting ready to board to my pup this week I had to get her bordetella shots up to date. Being the cheap do-it-yourselfer that I am, I called around and found Ray's. They sell the shots and you can administer them yourself, saving you about $40 bucks at the vet.The lady that assisted me was super friendly and explained the procedure of how to administer the injection. I paid under $8 and left educated. The store sells all sorts of animal products, from horse feed to cat toys. If you are in the south side hood and in need of any sort of pet supplies be sure to check them out.
5	Koi crabby? St. Bernard salivating? Bunny bony? Chickens scratching? Parrot petered out? Horse hungry? Pigeons protesting? Ray's Feed has what you need. Tack for vaqueros, cowboys and buckaroos, caballeros and ropers. Hoof picks, curry combs, bag balm, and trimmers. Not to mention great service and all the other items our livestock need for domestication and fun. I was so focused on my immediate need, I can't do justice to the place. Now that the vision for Arizona's fruited plains has nearly achieved the golden dream of domino-close housing, investigate our past with a trip to Ray's. If your forebears farmed or ranched, if your neighborhood had dirt roads and your neighbors had livestock, if you gardened for your supper, places like Ray's filled the bill. Today's prices are pretty good too.
5	08/07/2011Went shopping this evening for a cat food re-stock.  I found out we've been feeding poor Petey third-tier cat food for years.  Checking the ingredients between Friskies canned and foods costing twice as much, I found some Friskies ingredients were composed at least as well as second tier food.  I also found our Ray's dry food prices are much better than comparable dry foods and almost equal in the wet food department.  If I get a chance to shop at Ray's, I'm there.  Its a great small, local business, competing hard with the Big Dogs of the pet food world.  And you'll never find a saddle and bridle, 80 pound alfalfa bale or bag of cubes at one of the big box pet stores.  7/23/2011A cat we're looking after was looking pretty rough.  Literally.  Dull coat, dandruff, matted fur.  Advice pointed to better diet.  I did my webby research, got some good cat food ratings and looked where the mid-price high-quality foods were sold.  Link after link sent me to Ray's. I went, several recommended brands were there, most brands for dogs.  The money in my wallet squealed painfully as I pulled it out to pay more money for cat food than I imagined it could cost.Welcome to the world of pets as children, right? Three weeks later Petey's eating 50/50 old and new food.  He's brushing out pretty nicely, his dandruff seems less and I think his coat's starting to shine more than it has for years.  I need another month to be sure.  Ray's had the good stuff.
5	I needed some supplements for my Basenji and called all over town looking for it. NO ONE had it-no one except for Ray's! It was only $13.00 super helpful, super friendly, can't wait to come back and browse. Going to buy my shots here too instead of paying outrageous prices at the vet. Can't say enough good things about these guys.
4	There just aren't enough old school feed stores like this one anymore. I go there to buy straw, primarily, but they have all kinds of other fun stuff and it's a great place to run into some of the locals who have lived here a lot longer than I have. Yesterday, a guy came in after me and bought a ridiculous amount of rabbit pellets. That's the sort of thing I need in my day sometimes.
3	Not bad, tiny, but not bad.  They have packed the place full of necessary items so I can understand that they are packed.  However, I needed help and looked lost for a minute and was not offered service until I asked for help, but perhaps most people know what they're coming in for.  It has a TON of things, thus I might be back for more Vet-Wrap or whatever, but based on the service I might go to another feed store.
5	I go to Ray's for my cat and fish pond food.  Great prices, very helpful if you ask and they'll let you browse if you want.  Wish they were open longer hours.
