4	Recently, I was stuck in the Charlotte, NC airport for a layover and decided to grab a quick breakfast. I was in the mood for a breakfast burrito, but Salsaritas had not opened yet... and the line at Burger King was massive... so, I decided to give Quizno's breakfast a try. Boy, I'm glad that I did b/c the brekky sandwich I ordered was yummy! I had the sausage, egg, and cheddar on flatbread, and it was very tasty. I like my breakfast sandwiches made more like a lunch sandwich, with lettuce, tomato, and deli mustard, and they made it right up for me. The bread was soft (but toasted) and warm (just right IMHO), and the sausage was very flavorful, which was a pleasant surprise. Plus the portion size of the sammy was just right for breakfast  (and not too small like the breakfast ones from some other fast food chains). I don't know if all the Quizno's stores have breakfast, but I'll be sure to research this the next time I'm traveling or run across a Quizno's here in NYC while out and about in the early morning.One other thing I should mention about this particular Quizno's location is the amazing customer service. Both the cashier and the sandwich maker were super nice!
5	This Quizno's was a bright spot in an otherwise long day. They serve a tremendous classic Italian sub. Its loaded with a perfect blend of tangy meats and fresh veggies. Always get it on the cheese bread. Quiznos quality varies a lot from store to store. I'll return to this one. The shop at the Denver airport is great too.My health kick continues. At least I didn't take a pint-of-Hagen-Dazs sleeping pill like last week.
2	Make sure to ask about the level your sandwich will be toasted. My sandwich was cold. I did not go back to the location because it was far from my departing gate. The whole purpose of Quiznos is for toasted subs/sandwiches. Now I regret walking all the way over there from concourse E. I've had toasted sandwiches from Quiznos before and for the price this location charges, one would think they would be more diligent about toasting the toasted sandwich as it is advertised. Not a good experience.
4	It seems very appropriate to me that the option for a sandwich restaurant in an airport would consist of Quizno's and not Subway. After all, people are often in a hurry at airports, as I was. Who has the time to specify all the contents of a sandwich and catch a flight that's leaving soon? I generally like Subway as a fast food restaurant, but Quizno's works better here as it has predetermined items on the menu that take less time to prepare.I gave their simple menu a glance and ordered a "The Traditional" sandwich for $7.49 ($8.11) after tax. I think this sandwich was eight inches and offered many of the ingredients commonly found in sandwiches as the name suggests. Meats consisted of roast beef, turkey breast, and ham. To round it all off, they included cheddar, black olives, iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and buttermilk ranch dressing. All in all, a decent sandwich and a great option for food at the airport.
