3	How lucky am I to score "First" tag on this review! I thought they were mere urban legends by now: You hear about them all the time, but rarely experience if for yourself!While I should be working, I'm writing this review. It would be unfortunate if someone else swooped in and snagged this golden opportunity right when I'm lingering on it's cusp.We came here on a recommendation, and it featured all the typical offerings you come to expect at a Japanese buffet: Crab legs, assorted sushi and sashimi, tempura, even a fondue fountain like my favorite place Makino.  Only after receiving my credit card slip did I realize that Tay-yo actually IS Makino! I actually thought it was closer in resemblance to Todai.Makino is another off-strip seafood buffet that is immeasurably better in several aspects. The variety of sushi is definitely more ample in selection and the cost is a slight few dollars more. Tay-yo does have a prime rib carving station, which made me do a jaunty dance gig in delight. I love prime rib, especially the whitish chunks of animal fat.Draft Kirin for $0.99 a glass may just be worth the visit!
4	It's been months and months since the place changed in name from Makinos to Tay-yo. What does Tay-yo mean? I dunno either. I thought at least a handful of reviews would have been posted by now, but maybe they are being left on the Makino name instead? (I'll have to check).Actually when it was named Makinos the food was either hit or miss and when it was miss it was pretty bad and in a rare chance it was good as a Sushi buffet can be. Right at this point in time the food at Tay-yo is consistently acceptable. The key is to go at 11:30 for lunch and at 5:30 for dinner. Miss that opening gate and you could be disappointed. We actually go about 2 times a month, which is about the frequency of our Sushi cravings. Also there is a weekly community newspaper that comes and coupon for $3 off on lunch and $5 off on dinner is a nice touch. (it helps us go more often because of it). Then again we are usually given a nice glossy card with the same discount when we pay our check, so once you go you should always have active discount card in place. Sushi can be inconsistent in the Valley, but Tay-yo is good enough for me. It's not the best there is, but it's well in my acceptable zone. 4 Stars!
2	Going downhill fast. Just had a mediocre to subpar dinner tonight. Wife asked for a spicy tuna roll and instead of making one they pointed to something already made that wasn't even close. Not sure why they have a station where you can order something if they don't or won't even try. Taste the fish closely, there isn't any flavor at all. I don't think we will return, they just don't have the stuff. We'll pay a bit more and get some real sushi. Sad.
1	I liked Makino's, they almost double the selection of sushi.It was way more fresh, and I hate how the seating is arranged in the new Tay yo, there was no privacy whatsoever. Everybody can see u stuff your face! The sushi wasn't fresh at all and I can't help but feel guilty when the bill came and I realized that I could of gone to the Bellagio buffet and spent the same amount and had fresher sushi there. Bummer, it was a bad call for me to go there. I'll spend my money more wisely next time, everybody should also.
1	We cut out a buy one get one free coupon and headed down to Tay Yo to give it another try. The last time we weren't too happy, but the price is right for another go. Shocked to find the place is closed! They folded on the 26th. The last visit wasn't good, but I didn't think they would close up, but they are history. Drove to Wonder Sushi on Green Valley Parkway and guess what???? They are gone too! after all these years!!!! Now we are Sushi Homeless again in Henderson. Times are tough for everyone. Sad.
1	closed...
