5	My husband and I just selected a diamond ring for me from Better Jewelers and I was so impressed with the way Lara and Kostas treated us.They understood our budget needs and gave us such a good deal on my ring.Their personal style is so warm and inviting that I came up with a slogan for Better Jewelers -- "Better than the best...so forget all the rest!'
5	Didn't buy any jewelery, but I did need to get a new battery for my watch. Walked in, and had it repaired within 10 minutes. The jeweler even set it to the correct date and time for me!
5	Only two reviews led me here. I brought in four watches for battery replacement. They serviced while I waited and gave me a discount since I mentioned coming because of the Yelp reviews. See Lara.
1	Lets see, you say your store is open until 6pm your sign is lit up that says open. I show up at 5 for a quick watch adjustment and you say you are closing....way to not want customers. So rude!
5	Great Jewler, I inherited 3 family rings  and he made them look brand new all for a very fair price. I definitely recommend Better Jewlers
5	Came here with 2 broken watches and left 20 minutes later with 2 working watches. Only cost me 10.00 each. Love this place!
5	I came in to have my watch batteries replaced.The employees were very nice and courteous, and it took almost no time to get my watches back.Nice staff, good prices, made my visit extremely pleasurable.
5	My wife and I got married when we were 18 so the ring set I purchased initially was really cheap. I decided I should get her a much more higher quality wedding band and chose to purchase it here. I purchased one for Christmas and we exchanged it today for one she liked. It was out of our budget initially but they do offer layaway with no interest and I took advantage of it. They gave us a great deal on a beautiful ring, we were originally recommended by my boss and I recommend them to anyone. They are extremely friendly and easy going. We were in and out in 10 mins and completely satisfied.
