5	Very fun touristic activity.  Go look at the otters. They're cute.
5	I want to write the review for the entire city of Montreal but unfortunately I can't do that. Instead I'll just have to write about each location I went to. Let's just say this is one of my favorites! The sphere is beautiful and I really loved learning about the environment and biodiversity.  The little park across from it is peaceful and beautiful too. Montreal is the best city i've ever been to!!!!
4	The people of Montreal must be huge fans of Star Wars to have a replica of the Death Star in the middle of the city.We went to Montreal for a weekend and came here on a rainy Saturday.  It is the Environment Museum on Ile Ste Helene in Parc Jean-Drapeau (I got it confused with the Bio Dome and thought I was going to see penguins). Admission is $12 and you have 3 parking options (1 hour - $5; 2 hours - $10; All day - $15).  You can do the entire place comfortably in a little over an hour.  The museum is broken out into 8 halls on about 4 floors with interactive activities, lectures, and exhibits about the environment (and our effect on it).  The highlight of the visit was their current exhibit: "One - Outfits from a New Era".  It looked like a fashion show with outfits made out of consumer products: batteries, car parts, book pages, etc.  Very cool exhibit!
4	Went there a few years ago and love the place!they have plenty of parking and the location is great. Would not mind bringing tourist and children.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	The Biosphere is really cool to visit. AND it's primarily free to see. I think you can pay to go inside and up to the observation deck but we just walked around it and took pictures of the structure.The park that it's in is great for hanging out too.Take 30 mins out of your trip and go see the Biosphere.
5	Superb views!Biosphere might be a little difficult to get to without a car, since it is located on an island - but definitely worth the effort! The biosphere is all about sustainability and keeping our planet in working order. Must see's include the temporary exhibit with various dresses made out of things like arizona iced tea cans, fish skin, hair, cords/wires! After checking out some of the exhibits (we skipped all the movies), we made our way to the top floor to see one of the most beautiful views of Montreal ever! Plus there are hammocks near the bottom of the Biosphere to just hang around in. Perfection!
4	Great mixture of different climates under a single roof, a little tiny but setup quite well. Went to the insectorium and greenhouse as well which was more than enough greatness to view for a single tour.
3	We wanted to go to the Biodome, but it was closed, so we went to the Biosphere instead. :)  It's pretty cool to see the sphere up close, though the museum inside is less impressive.Like many museums, the interactive parts were run down and not working as well as they should have been.Overall, it's kind of a depressing museum."Here's a million ways you're destroying the environment, and anything you try to do won't have much effect."  "Here's a hall dedicated to all the wonderful things Buckminster Fuller invented to save the world.  This was decades ago, but no one actually uses any of them today."  Sigh.My girlfriend says "it had such a sad empty feeling".
4	Visited the Biosphere on Museum Day which is the last weekend in May so it was free for us to enter. Inside the Biosphere there is exhibitions on Water, fashions made from waste products, cars and sustainable fuel sources. There are some interesting things for kids but also a lot of reading. Its a good place to visit if you want to find out about sustainability but didn't take us more than an hr to see everything so I would have been disappointed if I had paid admission. It was built during the expo 67 and is easily accessed by subway nearby or by car from downtown.
5	One of the best museums I've ever been to.  Extremely interactive, educational, fun, and interesting.  The place is laid out beautifully with wonderful guides to help you along the way.  There is so much to see and learn here.  You'd have to spend at least 3 hours here to take full advantage.
1	Wow. This was a waste of time. It seemed that they wanted to teach about a couple of habitats and be a zoo but they didn't have enough funds to realize the objective. There are a few animals and some displays about habitats, but we found this to be really disappointing.
2	The biosphere is esthetically pleasing to the eye. It's a spherical wonder seen from afar and adds character to the Montreal skyline. The Environment Museum within this inciting steel skeleton is good in concept, but is lacking in execution. The Environment Museum seems to miss the mark. It doesn't cater to any one specific demographic or any specific type of learner effectively. It appears that it's intended target audience are school-aged kids, but I can see them losing interest very quickly. Very quickly. It's missing the modern interactive experience that younger audiences are accustomed to and the integrated learning approach that has become standard in the medical and science field. The interactive activities available may be too laborious for the average museum patron who intends to be spoon-fed information. The price for admission and parking is questionably justifiable for those of you with younger kids.
