3	Despite it's name (which gave me moment for pause when deciding if I wanted to check it out), Xtreme Bean is a hip coffee house with a college feel (they even have a "study room" with quasi-cubicles that is ironically placed in what used to be a bank vault). Further, for those of you that spend hours on end in coffeehouses, THEY HAVE FREE WI-FI :-DThe "coffee flavored coffee" and tropical ice tea are good (I personally tend not to stray into more interesting coffee drinks, so you'd have to check those out yourself) and the entire selection of both food and drinks is very reasonably priced (compared to corporate coffee).As of this post, there is ragtime piano on Monday nights as well as performers on the weekends.They have a drive-through window.Oh yeah, they don't appear to have updated their website in quite some time... most importantly, their hours of operation. The website says they are open 24-hours on the weekend... but I *think* they are closing at 1am in the summer.EDIT: Go for the pumpkin muffins... they are most excellent.EDIT 2: Due to the recent rise in popularity of this coffeehouse, I can no longer get my beloved muffins as they all sell out long before I arrive at night. *tear* Oh yeah... and all the employees probably think I'm that crazy muffin guy. *shrugs*EDIT 3: I'm officially downgrading my review from a 4 to a 3 as it's now difficult to get a table indoors and I have no interest in sitting in the smoker's lounge which is their patio area. *sigh*
5	My friend Brad is always talking about this place.......so that says someting, either Brad needs psychological help or this place is really cool. Bean is great for the coffee, atmosphere and the high speed internet kicks into gear. Check this place out for all the greats and glorys..Also Friday nites are open mikes with impromptu players.  I just wanted to add a couple hints about the Bean for the new xtreme beaner.... *** Get their early, the internet access is free and its kicking like chuck norris. Your chances of getting a place indoors is pretty limited, so like i said get their early. In the day time, before 6. The place, power outlets and people fill up around 615. The outer patio area is still nice as well, you can find a nice spot to cozy up with a book.
5	Great atmosphere and wonderful people.  This is the closest thing to my favorite coffee house from back east that is no more.  Coffee and deserts are great too.  Never a dull moment!
5	let me just say that i generally despise the raping of the letter "x," especially to infer that something is "extreme!"BUT i started going here because it was a place to chill while my tires where getting fixed at the discount tire nearby and kind of fell in love with it.it's an old bank, and they've kept the huge safe, complete with door, in the building (i suupose it would have been more of a pain to try and get rid of it). anyway, now it's a mini library and reading/study room.they also serve bagels, sandwiches, smoothies, and varioius snacks. they have a drive thru, which is also nice.
3	NIce to hang out here (when it's not packed) and play chess, but I had to stop going because their CD player was skipping like MAD and they WOULD NOT TURN IT OFF. It drove me and my friends nuts. Every time we returned we'd think "they MUST have fixed it by now!" ...but we were wrong.However, they did have some awesome breakfast burritos.
1	The coffee in this place is tasty and I really enjoyed the seating arrangements. The couches were a great place to hang out. Sadly, the owner roasts coffee beans on busy weekend mornings..more like Burns the beans. The acrid fumes fill up the coffee shop, making the eyes sting and causing headaches after a few hours of sitting inside. He's also unwilling to consider not-roasting or to offer a fan for the inside air flow.  I had to find a new coffee shop.The outside seating is present, but totally taken up by smokers. Non smokers won't enjoy their drink outside anywhere.[edit 9/1]. Wow, I managed to drop my opinion of this place further. Went in today and ordered a soymilk, decafinated drink, and the person making the drink (older guy) gave me this look of "Why would you order this", and rolled his eyes.  It was just rude and really not called for. Some of us don't want to miscarry (caffiene) and can't drink dairy milk.  I also got a scone which was really dry.  Overall, I wish the customer service was better. This place has great couches and live music at night, but the tude and icky food really turn me off here. On the plus side, they stopped roasting beans on Sat morning, so people can actually breathe.  This place could be totally my favorite spot with some adjustments.
4	Is it just me, or does the word, "extreme" or in this case "xtreme" seem a bit antiquated now: like back from a time when everything had to be "extreme!" That said, I've enjoyed hanging and studying at Xtreme (God, do I hate writing it that way). The coffee and chai have never wowed me, but they do have an excellent selection of teas and good service. I've enjoyed the various musical performers on the weekends when the place is open all night, a rarity in Phoenix and definitely appreciated. Although the space feels a bit corporate for some reason (maybe its because of its original purpose as a bank or so says a fellow Yelper),  I've found a very mixed crowd there, which makes up for the space. On a typical weekend night I'll see tons of students studying others listening to the live music, while still more engage in interesting conversation. It's a nice way to go out for a quieter night. I dig the outdoor seating too.Although I prefer other Tempe cafes to, ahem, Xtreme, its great hours and weekend vibe have been key to my repeated visits.
4	I used to frequent this location when it was Gold Bar.I literally lived right behind the Gold Bar for a few years (and the old location of the lucky dragon :'( but that is another story.). I used to hang out there all times of day.It seemed more "authentic" back then, (or maybe I am getting old and reminiscing too much.) It is not bad now, but it doesn't feel great either.Edit: I have been using the drive thru more often now and DAMN they have good coffee!!
3	Of course, the first problem with being a regular here is that you have to tell you friends to meet you at a place called Xtreme Bean.  It sounds like some horrible Taco Bell concoction.   Assuming you can move past the name, you might like this place.I walked into the cafe and realized it used to be a bank which is sort of interesting, I suppose.  The associate (I hesitate to call him a barista) greeted me, "What's up bro?"  Though very informal, he certainly wasn't being rude.  That's a good way to summarize the feel of the whole place actually.  Aside from my "bro", none of the other 5 or 6 employees made eye contact or spoke to me.  My latte was completely unremarkable.  That's not to say it was bad.  It was just a latte.  In fact, I'd venture to guess that I would not have been able to pick it out of a lineup of lattes from Starbucks.  If you're in your late 20s early 30s, you might love the atmosphere.  While I was there, AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, Bruce Springsteen, and Pearl Jam were pumping, quite loudly, through the sound system.  If you're not in that age bracket or just not a fan of classic rock- you might be annoyed.There's always the high-speed wifi, which was very fast.The entire place had a very corporate feeling to it.  I don't mean that as an insult.  It looked clean and well-calculated to create a feeling of coolness, if that makes any sense.  I never did find the restroom here either.... not sure where it is.Ultimately, not bad, but not great.  I'd rather drive 1 minute south on McClintock to Steve's.--UPDATE:Even though I talk crap about this place, and even though it's really not very good, I still go there a few times a week.  Here's why: they're the only ones open.  Despite the fact that ASU is one of the 3 largest universities in the nation, our local establishments keep bankers hours.  Steve's closes at 10, Gold Bar at 10, hell, even the Starbucks nearby closes at 10 (9 on Sundays... 9!?  In a city?).  So yeah, if you're awake past your bedtime, Xtreme Bean is pretty much your only choice other than IHOP or Del Taco.  And I'm not touching coffee made at either of those establishments.Unfortunately, everyone else is in the same boat.  Which means, the baristas are in a huge rush most of the time (and, thus, aren't terribly pleasant) and good luck finding a good seat.  You're likely to be stuck in the "study room" which is woefully underlit or the main room which is frequently very noisy.So-- crappy coffee joint, but the only game in town past 10pm.
4	The coffee is great.  Roasted right there.  D-LISH!  However, WTF they put about 10lbs of cream cheese on every bagel...even when "easy on the cream cheese" is requested.  I am not sure what is going on there.  The vibe is conducive to getting work done, wi-fi and all that.  The tea selection is also great.  It has the same brand and selection as one of my favorite places in the world: Naked Coffee in Sacramento, CA.  The staff is older, nice because when it comes to coffee they are serious and know what is going on.  I really like the Mexicana.  Try it.  YUM.  I would like more food offered, or maybe just a different selection.  I have only been there in the mornings, so maybe it is different later in the day.  The rundown:Food:  fairCoffee: awesomeService:  good, save the cream cheese thing (see above)will i go back:  yes, yesshould you go:  yes, check it out at other times to and let me know how it is in the evening/mid-day.Price:  fine.  same and most other non-starbuckian places
5	I love this place because it has strong iced coffee, they call it "toddy". Man this stuff is better then all the energy drinks. They also have FREE HIGH SPEED WIRELESS!!! No kidding, unlike that other place, no sign-ups, nothing, just go and and open and go. The berista's are good, and the drinks are real good. Great looking college women all day long. The drive through is great and 24 hours on the weekends. This is a great independent coffee shop. I also have held a few business meeting in there, no problem, no one messes with ya, no one clamoring you to buy drinks. I recommend this place to all my friends.
5	Good place, coffee is quite good and seating is comfortable.
4	The Xtreme Bean has a really fun atmosphere and I enjoy going their to hang out with friends.  Everything I have tried there has been good and not overpriced, but to me that is less important than the fun atmosphere.It feels like the kind of place people come and randomly meet their next best friend or their true love.  It seems so friendly and calm and fun for some reason.  Probably because, unlike a lot of coffee shops, customers come here to socialize, read or play games rather than to pick up a latte on their way to work during the times I have been their.
3	Did anyone else feel like everyone was silently blogging about your entrance when you walked into this place? Creepy.I found the over-caffeinated late night baristas on the weekend to be jarring and almost robot-like in their stupor. The chairs were mildly comfortable, but they get a reasonable rating because they have some incredible loose teas and the 24 hour thing is neato.
3	I have coffee here a couple of times a week, primarily because the self-appointed coffee dude at work makes undrinkable sludge, and because they are 2 blocks from work and have a drive-thru.  Why only 3 stars? Inconsistency. My latte ranges from piping hot to lukewarm, from delicious to drinkable, from hella-sweet to kind of bitter. It all depends on who makes it. My favorite barista is the slender, friendly, pierced young woman, who always makes the perfect cup. I also used to like their croissants, and keep hoping that they will go back to baking them more thoroughly. Right now, they are cold and doughy, and pale as a Swede in winter. Sometimes they have also tasted day-old. At least the Bean is not Starschmucks...
4	the espresso is smooth and delightful.  they have huge cups for their ice drinks.  i got 3 shots over ice for about $2.50.  fair deal.  i got a toffee coffee blended drink, i like the bits on top, but the drink itself was kind of lacking.  it wasn't bad, just wasn't great.i would hang out here if i lived in the area, there is outdoor and indoor seating.  they have people play music from time to time as the fliers suggested.  there was a good crowd at both times when we went, first in the evening, then mid morning.
4	Oh Xtreme Bean, our time is coming to an end.  We have spent many hours together fretting over exams and the basic science boards.  And, I just want to take this moment to let you know how much I appreciate you.I love your employees.  Consistently nice, sometimes funny, and always quick to fulfill my order.  Their music selection is pretty awesome too.  Sometimes classic rock, sometimes a blend of old and new indie, but always good enough that I rarely put on headphones unless it's to cover up people talking.I love your coffee, your ginormous selection of herbal teas, your jalapeno-cheddar cream cheese on a bagel, and so much more that I've tried.  I love the smell of beans roasting in the corner.I love the comfy desk chair that my heiny is planted in at this very moment.  I love the study cubicles in the vault.  I love the ability to sit here for hours when I have to and not feel as if I'm a hinderance to your business. You are a student's dream.  And your drive-thru window is fabulous.Except... ugh, I hesitate to even bring it up.  It's not you, it's me.  Sometimes it's so busy I can't get a seat.  And, sometimes your wifi doesn't have enough oomph to satisfy.But your goods far outweigh your bads and I'm sure that you will make other students very happy in the future.  I will always treasure the time we have already shared and looked forward to these last few months that we have in our future.Love Always,Jen
5	What!? there has to be \other reviwews+ out there... (corrected by 3 yelpers later, thanks)Ok first It used to Be a bank! for phx its extra Charcter for any building to have history more then 2 years... but to be on a coputer in the Frikin Vault is Cool!piano... if your really lucky ull catch one of my "live shows here"...lots of Options... sugar free English toffee!Open Late!Free Wi Fi!great stuff...I have never been Wronged by the Robot service here... and half the time it was amazing service.. or at least cute girls that I thought where beter at serviceing..(insert  foot in Mouth)... no really been 5 times never wronged...
2	Yelp says 2 stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." You would think that's all I'd have to say in my review, right? Well, I want to explain why I've had better. Deal? Deal.*There was a rather long and slow line when I entered. Quickly, it became even longer, with 4-5 people waiting behind me. Only one lady at the counter was taking orders. Wow. On a Sunday afternoon? *The place was packed. No open indoor seating. It's crazy to think of one person and a laptop taking up a large table with 4 chairs. Waste of space. (Our book club needed 5 seats!)*The smoking outside is unbearable. *Only one size straw. Seriously? My small hazelnut latte looked like a freak of nature with a 15" straw jutting out of the lid. *The aforementioned drink I bought was not that tasty. It was naturally too sweet. Go figure. I had to nurse it for fear of a sugar brain freeze. *Kids everywhere. College, I mean. Not really my demo. I love the idea of turning an old bank into a happenin' coffee joint. The decor is cool. I WOULD LOVE to hang here. But, I can't. It's just too packed and not very friendly (from the service to the seating options). If I were in the 'hood and wanted a quick jolt, I MIGHT stop here. Or, as others have mentioned, I could just keep driving a short distance and stop at one of my fave spots ever, Steve's Espresso. Yeah, I think I would keep on driving. This place is, with 2 stars, simply meh. I've experienced better.
4	XB does a lot of things that other coffee houses didn't think to do or won't do. That's why it brings such a wide, yet consistent, customer base from college kids to the elderly.For one, free WiFi is awesome, even if theirs is slower than many dial-ups. Getting a good signal inside the vault is tough too. Two, the whole live music thing really works there. Mondays is ragtime night, Thursdays is usually acoustic and Fridays is a hodgepodge. Years ago they had small bands that set up in front of the piano, but all music booked there is strategically done so that it is not intrusive to people trying to work.Ownership is aware that lots of college kids use that place as their library and many business people also get on their laptops at XB so the next local coming of Judas Priest isn't going to be setting up shop there anytime soon. The piano is also free game to any patron wanting to show off his/her stuff. I've yet to hear anyone embarrass there; The audience is too big and too busy to take that risk. Three, XB offers a wide assortment of teas. I am not a coffee drinker but I know a good tea when I taste one. Of XB's 500 or so tea flavors, I've found two that I like and about 5 that taste like Valvoline that half a pint of honey can't make more flavorful. Just the fact that they offer honey in a squeeze bottle over individual packets is a huge plus. Unsweetened iced teas (I've had 2/3) are also pretty good. I'm at XB quite often during closing time (it used to be open all night) and sometimes the girl will start cleaning the tables and say to me directly, "It's 11 o'clock, we're closed." It's as if she's telling me to go but the 13 other people chatting or working on laptops get to stay until 11:30. Now what they do is turn the Internet server off at 10:35 to get people to leave quicker. I think that's a little Bush League.Still, it's a good environment with a vibe I think other coffee houses yearn for. I mean if you're going to spend nearly $5 on a latte shouldn't there be some kind of intangible involved that justifies it?XB makes it somewhat justifiable.
5	bank building turn to a coffee beanery is way cool. plenty of seats to settle yourself in and crack open your books and do your homework. the free wi-fi is helpful too, but the connection lags sometimes when their a bunch of people hopping online to check their myspace.it gets chilly at time, i suggest bring a sweater if you're the unlucky one seated underneath the A/C vent. the vault room is great when trying to escape the loud chatter in the main room, just don't forget to turn off your cell phone when you're in there, it's kind of rude...if you wanna be shaking out of your pants, i suggest the Iced Toddy. it's strong and it should keep you up all night if you have a big project the following day.customer service is very nice and helpful.
5	Xtreme Bean Rules. Any bank-become-coffee-shop is a place for me.. We started hitting up XB back in '03 because it is open 24 hours on the weekend ... not to mention they give you double the size that you would get at Starbucks for less. Also like the idea that it is not a giant chain coffee shop. Great selections of coffees, teas (loose leaf), bakery items, frozen/blended drinks and Italian soda's. We LOVE the Carmel Royales.They have tons of space to play games, and they even have some games and books in one of the back rooms. They also frequently have live bands or musicians performing and FREE WI-FI that works really well. XB rules.
4	I'm not a great fan of the coffee, but the ambiance is great. (And for the record, that's the first time on this site I've used the word, "ambiance.") If you want good coffee, I'm still going to point you to Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf Company. But for a place to get together with friends, Xtreme Bean is fun.If you don't want caffeine they have some pretty good fruit drinks. (A little too sweet for my tastes, but still good.)I do like this place, despite the use of the word, "extreme" in their name - misspelled no less. But it's also close by to me - that won't help you, but it sure is good for me.
4	This is my first time here in this establishment, and so far,  I realyl like it.  Great coffee menu, lots of small ticket items to eat (bagels n such) and prices seem to be great!  Lots of table and walking space so your not crowded or stepping over other people to get to your table.  They also have free wifi, which is great!They also have some local artists stuff for sale here, along with some pretty stained glass windows that add to the relaxed atmosphere.  Amazing hours here as well!
5	Oh man.  I love this place.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Open 24 hours on the weekends.  'Nough said.+ Cheap, but flavorful, drinks.  I always like what I get here.  There is one guy who makes a mean vanilla latte, I have yet to get his name.+ Food.  Good cakes and cookies.-/+ I've found that a lot of high school kids like to loiter here (and they're loud).  But, hey, it's not XB's fault.+ The people who work here know what they're doing.  They make sure to get your order right.  And they're always friendly.+ They have musical guests every now and then... and it's usually good stuff.
4	Oh Xtreme bean! spelled with the 'X' to make you sound so edgy!I really like coming here all the time. I think I'm a coffee house connoisseur now. Pros:-Always lively, interesting people. (to draw)-The staff is always nice and don't talk to you like they are in a rush like at starbucks. -Green tea smoothie is super tasty! Ask for a medium not a small, or  you will wonder how drank it so fast.- Well lit enough to actually do homework in. Nice big windows during the daytime.- Depending on who's working sometimes they play good Indie Jams!Cons:-There's not very much room to sit inside and if you are going with more than 3 people you pretty much will not find a place to sit :(-Piano players think they are doing people a favor. but if you are not in the mood for classical it can be quite annoying.-The bathroom status is a bit on the grungy side...I still like this place alot, it doesn't feel like I'm going to a coffee shop, but more of a social gathering. I usually go at least once a week!
3	I always get the same thing when I go here.  The coffee itself is great.Just one thing that irks me.The bugs in the display case with the food.  Not just living moths, dead ones too.The coffee is really good though.
4	Open straight-through from Friday morning to 11 Sunday night -- that alone garners three stars for sheer convenience, dedication, and unexpected awesome.  It makes Xtreme Bean great for meet-ups and conversations.Another star is earned because all the baristas know what a dirty chai is, and are generally really nice about comping if you ask for soy.  That's actually almost a star-and-a-half, to be perfectly honest.My only gripe is the bathroom being disconnected/outside -- it's a coffee place, the large could literally eat your face -- pissing is bound to happen regularly and copiously over the course of the four hours you're bound to be there.The study-spaces, free wi-fi and laptop lounge put the whipped cream on the proverbial soy vanilla latte.
2	(2 1/2 stars).Don't get me wrong, I love hanging out here and have been doing so for a while. It's a unique spot and has a kind of awkward-but-homey feel, like it's housed in a building it's not really supposed to be in. The vibe is upbeat and friendly for the most part and it's kind of cool to hang out in a VAULT. But the two-star rating comes from the most important reason why I'm here, yo: the coffee.I have never once had HOT coffee here. I like my coffee searing hot. Like lava. But I always get flaccid, limp, lukewarm beverages here. I even specified "extra hot" once and it still wasn't up to temp.But the tea selection is really good. I like how the loose leaf is presented in a way that you can see the contents of what's in the tea blends. And the pastries always look very tempting. There's a lot of fun, zany stuff on the menu, but I have the coffee tastes of an old man. I want it plain, strong, and hot. XB seems like it may be more geared toward providing caffeine bombs pumped with sweet stuff for students pulling all-nighters.
1	The Gold Bar was the coolest, hippest coffee bar in Tempe for years, located in an old Wells Fargo bank. P.D. ran it like a hang out for friends, hosting all sorts of little parties for customers, and live music of various types over the years. When they'd see my car in the line, by the time I got up to the window my custom coffee drink would be ready.  I made friends with the baristas.   It was family.  Celebrated the fearful 2K midnight transition there -- P.D. brought cake, poppers, etc. I went there almost daily for 10 years, and heard the story about the young man who wanted to buy the business from him.  Wanted a ready-made drive-through.  P.D. refused --  this was his baby, his dream, his family.   So when that didn't work, that boy had his father buy the building, and refused to renew the lease for P.D. & the Gold Bar.  We wrote letters, New Times did a story, but that underhanded thief wanted to steal a business, rather than set up his own, and it all was in vain.P.D. then sold his successful business, moved away,  and the Gold Bar opened across the street, across from Basha's.   If I want coffee in the neighborhood, I go there.Still, there were a couple of occasions when I was in a hurry, and thought I'd at least give the drive-through a try.  I ordered my "large mocha, made with whole milk, 1/3 the chocolate".   Driving away, my first sip revealed the super-sweetness of a ton of chocolate.   So I had to go back, waste that time, to get it done right.   About a year later, I was in a hurry again, and gave them another try.  SECOND FAILURE!!!  Unbelievable!  I will never go back. Why reward a thief who also makes bad coffee???
4	Did this place used to be a bank? I was trying to figure out what one of the dark little studying holes used to be. It had an interesting door, which I assume was some type of vault before? Oh well, that's not really important. I think that this place is the coffee shop I've been looking for. Good drinks, reliable wifi even for the amount of people that are there using it. There's even a drive thru for people that want something on the go. The only beef I have with this place is NO SPLENDA. WTF. There's only Equal offered as a sugar substitute.  This is the only thing keeping me from giving five stars, because they have great hours too.
1	I used to go to Xtreme Bean all the time until I sold my business about a year ago.  I always enjoyed their coffee and fraps as well as the atmosphere.  A couple of days ago I was in the old neighborhood and decided to stop by.  There was a couple in front of me.  The guy ordered a pecan roll from the case and turned to talk to his friend.  He didn't see the cloud of fruit flies that rose up inside the case when they slid the door open in back to get his roll.  I wasn't able to decide if I should tell the guy about the swarm so he didn't buy the roll, thus embarrassing the shop, or to just let it go and not say anything.Well, I didn't say anything.  Now I have nightmares of this poor guy, his attention completely drawn by his girlfriend, taking bite after bite of this pecan roll in which there are dozens of fruit flies struggling to free themselves from their caramel tomb before he...gulp...eats them!  ARGHHHH...I wake up in a cold sweat and regret not saying anything.  So wherever you are my poor, unfortunate, soul...I apologize for not saving you from eating this high protein sticky bun and promise to never let such a thing ever happen again!
4	Tends to be a little crowded these days, and forget mid-terms and finals times at ASU, but over all a solid cup of coffee and a sweet patio to smoke on. It's often difficult to find a good, delicious cup of coffee. (Not a "frap," not a milkshake, not a half-caf mocha.) Extreme Bean has a terrific plain coffee. And they have iced toddy, which is delicious. This is a great place to hang out. If you don't like smoke, don't sit outside. They don't tolerate sensitive nonsmokers. Deal.
4	I've been to the Xtreme Bean twice now and have enjoyed it both times.  Instead of going for a chill quite atmosphere, the Bean goes for a more hip & upbeat feel -- and does a good job of it.Every time I have come there are a lot of college students studying, groups meeting for whatever reason, and other people just there to hang out.  The busy atmosphere goes really well with the feel of the place - it might be strange to be here when it was quiet or empty!The barista's pull good shots and the pastries are good, but I was pretty disappointed when they told me no, we don't have any vegetarian sandwiches because (basically) it's not cost effective.
3	For some reason, I thought 1AM on a Saturday was a good time to launch a website.  Since my options for late night legal liquid crack are limited, Xtreme Bean seemed like a logical option.I was amazed there were as many people there as there was, and was even greeted by a table of beatniks as I entered.  It took awhile to get the coffee, but it was 1AM so I gave them the benefit.  The coffee was decent, but would have been better had it at least been luke warm.  Nevertheless, the purpose was served and the espresso is working perfectly!  I will likely be back unless they open a 24 hours coffee shop in Chandler soon.
2	I have to downgrade this place. I feel sad about this, but the last two drinks I've had were shitty. Too much freaking milk, and not enough java. Also, there are SOOO many people there now, that it's hard to get yourself situated. Isn't it summer break?!? Shouldn't all the ASUers be somewhere else?!
2	So, it's 9:35 on a Friday and Xtreme Bean is the destination- why?  Honestly, it's only because they've got the only game in town.  That's right, America's largest public university is served by exactly 1 coffeehouse that is open to midnight.  Cartel recently pushed their ridiculous 8pm close to 10pm.  But no one else does the late night thing except Xtreme Bean.In fact, the extended hours and generous sizes are still all I can recommend.  As ASU has grown, XB gets more and more crowded.  Good luck finding a table any night after 9pm.  Plus, all the extra people also slow the wifi to a crawl.  So why am I going?  It's coffee.  It's a place to study.  It's the only place open after 10.  Note to entrepreneurs-- want to make some money?  Open a decent 24 hour coffeehouse a few blocks away from the nation's biggest university.  Even though 60% of the student body are frat rats and future single mothers, the remainder need places to study that don't close when Mom falls asleep.
4	I find myself at Xtreme bean when I have no choice but to get a crapload of work done...and enjoy a nice cup-o-coffee while I'm at it. It's a great environment conducive to homework/project work. Can get kinda busy and a good spot is occasionally hard to find when its peak homework time. One thing I heart about this place is the flippin sweet Monday night live piano....made me want to sit on the couch and write a novel or just step away from myself for a while. give it a go:)
5	Recently moving back from the Land of Corporate Coffee Shops (California) i found myself looking for apartments that were close to the Xtreme Bean. yes i like this place that much!  free Wifi, Live Music, Cool outdoor seating, Plenty of inside seating (Compared to Starbucks) Pleasant workers, Hannah and Lauren are pretty cool people. Great place to chill with the laptop or just to meet friends... i have also made some new friends there.
4	cool joint to study or listen to live music on a friday night. on second thought, hopefully you're not studying on a friday night...but I digress.coffee is very good, i especially like the white mocha. its open really late night so its great for a late night caffeine run. as a music lover, its fun to see tempe's up and coming play cover tunes and original material without being too obtrusive.
4	Pretty darn good coffee and very tasty wraps/snacks.  Stopped in for a meeting with a coworker over lunch and had a large cup of coffee in a mug and a veggie/hummus wrap.  I think I got out of there for around $6, not too shabby.  It's not too loud so it would be a good place to study, but not so quiet you can't talk without disturbing people.Now if only I could get a decent non-starbucks closer to me....
5	i moved to the bay area over a year ago and still can't find anything that compares to XB!  i miss this place...pros:- OPEN 24 HOURS ON THE WEEKENDS. amazing.- lots of seating, for individuals and groups (indoor and outdoor)- chill atmosphere that welcomes anyone (mostly young crowd but no one is out-of-place here, non-elitist. - good drinks of course- local music performed on friday nights- drive-thru- free wificons:- it's always a little chilly (must come prepared with jacket!)it's a great place to do anything. there's usually a little bit of everything going on here: students working, businessmen working, groups playing cards or games, some just "socializing".great place. good times.
2	Now that I've been coming back here for quite some time off and on, I feel qualified to write an updated review.  Postives:*Open 24 hours on the weekends*drink menu is priced accordingly, with good drinks to chose fromNegatives:*The internet connection here is AWEFUL.  SLOW doesn't even begin to describe it.  The staff just kind of shrugs it off, and I am left holding the ball trying to check email on a connection slower then dial up.*Bathrooms are outside the coffee house.  Sometimes its locked and you have to get a key.  This also means that if you brought a computer, you have to completely walk away from it, and trust that it will still be there when you return.  Eh, yea, no not my idea of what I had in mind.Seating is decent, but not every table is accessable to a plug for computers.  Again, limiting and annoying to say the least when I want to sit and check email for a period of time.
4	I've been going to this place for a few years now.  I've gotten the chai latte every time.  Its pretty good, I'm not really that picky on the quality of my tea yet.  This review is based mainly on the venue itself.  I really like the atmosphere here and there are always tons of people here.  I took off one star because the internet can get slow if its packed and sometimes it can be too packed.
4	Alrighty, if you've been down to "The Bean" anytime in the last year, you've more than likely seen my mug around there. It has slowly become my home away from home, so I feel fairly competent in giving a well rounded opinion. First off, as has been said by others, one of The Bean's best qualities is the fact that it is open 24 hours on the weekends (Friday 5 am - Sunday 11 pm). This works out wonderfully for us 21+ who don't want the night to end after the bar's throw us out to the streets. Basically, its a "you can't stay here, but you can go to The Bean" kind of situation. For the rest of the week, it is open from 5 am till 11 pm, giving us night owls a place to hang around. Now I can get a bit into the drink and food. If you're coming to The Bean, you know the coffee is alright. It's certainly not the best cup you will get in AZ, but they do roast their own beans on premises a few times a week (ensuring a pretty fresh cup of joe). You can tell the roasting days by the smoke coming off the chimney, and the acrid, dizzying, and often intoxicating scent, suffocating the area. If the coffee is to your liking, you can purchase it to bring home, whole or pre-ground. Offering your standard array of drip, french press, espresso, latte's, cappuccinos, etc..., all available served hot or cold,  Xtreme Bean has your coffee fix, well, fixed.For those of you not coffee inclined, the Bean offer's a large array of loose leaf teas, which you can mix and match to make your own creation (May I be allowed to recommend a Black Currant/Moroccan Mint blend, on ice?). Green teas, decaf, black, the have it all. Also offered: creme blended drinks, italian sodas in a plethora of flavors, Naked Juice.Food wise, they keep it pretty simple at the The Bean. Made fresh every 2 days, they have salads, sandwich's, and pita wraps, as well as a grand assortment of pastries (if you get there before noon, after which the pastries are usually gone) The wraps are alright, sandwich's are ok. It's all edible, and priced a bit higher then what its worth. Bagels, muffins, doughnuts, cookies, slices of cake, and usually some sort of banana bread all grace the food cooler. Moving on to seating, its pretty sacred reality if you get there during peak hours. With plenty of electrical sockets inside, in the floors and in the walls, The Bean is highly lap top friendly. The Internet connection is free, but it can border on agonizingly slow when there are numerous people using it. The aptly named Vault (The Bean IS located in what at one point was a bank) is generally known to be the quiet study section. Outside, there are your standard tables and chairs, most of which are falling apart, or wobbly, or bent. During the nights it can be difficult to impossible to find a spot, especially once it gets nice out. If you aren't a fan of smokers, then you may want to sit inside as nearly the entire patio is smoker friendly (even if the ashtrays mysteriously disappear every few months). Every few nights, they have some sort of live music being played. Monday nights is given over to the piano and classic show tunes crowd, who, as you guessed, sing show tunes and take turns playing the piano. Loudly, might I add. Loudly, and incessantly, and they take over the majority of the seats inside. If you need to get work done on a Monday, move into the Vault (where its kind of quieter) or go outside. Friday nights are a rotation of performers, usually a single guitarist with an amp. These performers usually add more ambiance than annoyance to the atmosphere, so even if you are going to the shop to sit and talk with people, you can do just that without getting drowned out by the musicians. Be sure to request Freebird, one day someone will actually play it. I'm beginning to think I've rambled enough for now, but I'm fairly certain you've gotten a decent picture. Good for the people, the socialization, the place to go on weekends after, literally, everything else in Tempe has closed. If you're ever down to The Bean, feel free to say hello if you see me on the patio!
3	Went with @quigonjinn and @mrsquigon, since they were driving.Nice place.Free WiFi, which I think any business that has seating should provide, as a matter of doing business.Great prices; $2 for a large house blend.(not a "venti" because it isn't fucking starbucks! and that's a good thing)Ample outdoor seating. There was a dude playing the piano inside.The re-purposed bank vault is cool as hell!A distance from where I live, but would go back if I were in the area and looking for coffee.
5	Great place to study, relax with a coffee and a book, or catch up with a friend over coffee. The coffee is very good and they usually offer several varieties at once. The pastry's are very tasty and never stale. The wi-fi is good and free, not super fast but certainly not slow. It does get a bit loud in the main room at times. When that happens the bank vault turned study/work area is still pretty quiet.
1	This coffee is awful.Good thing there is no reason for me to ever go here again.
4	I've been going to Xtreme Bean Coffee Company since Gold Bar days, and although the name has changed, the idea has not.  The coffee options are right on par with the big boy chains in the world, which I will not mention here.  The ambiance offers a great place to read a great book, to discuss have a study group, have a great discussion about politics or literature, all the while savoring the coffee and teas, and nibbling on the pastries and offerings.  It also has a drive through, which had the drive through from the days when this place used to be a bank, and the vault is filled with all sorts of readings and a cozy spot to take a seat.  Stop here and enjoy this amazing local business, you'll be glad you did.
4	Young atmosphere that reminds me of college marred by slow internet and shady history.
2	This coffee shop has a nice ambiance to it, free wifi, good music playing, but that is about it. The regular coffee is almost undrinkable.It tastes worst than home brewed folgers. I get the feeling that they think they are set because its an independant shop, with a nice feel to it. But they do not focus at all on the quality of their product. Its evident the owner is buying the cheapest beans available. Its a shame, because it is a nice place, and I would go there often if i actually enjoyed the coffee. But they wont miss me. The place is always packed, because its well, hip, because its independant. But if the customers cared about good coffee, they would not go here.
3	Xtreme Bean is a good place to go to get decent coffee and decent service.  They don't seem to be exceptional at anything, but I haven't had anything bad for a while either.  They have a drive through and a nice shop with free wifi.The owner roasts his own beans, which in this case isn't exactly a good thing.  When they bought their coffee from a roaster their coffee was much better.  I remember when they were starting to try out their own beans a few years back.  The owner would roast a batch and the coffee was horrible for a while.  I would try to get the baristas to make my drink with some of the outsourced beans, if they had any left.  Since then they have gotten better at roasting, but it is still not great.  While not great, they aren't  bad either.  I feel like I can go there and not worry about getting a bad drink.  If you want amazing espresso, go somewhere else.  If you just want something quick on the way to work, this place will do just fine.
3	The place is really great for late study because they open 24 hours on friday and saturday, and until 11 pm on sunday. The solo singer that played on friday night was very distracted for me. I didn't felt his music that can bring studying mood brighter, I mean I felt bored with the songs and the rhythm of the music. Please change the singer. The reggae songs from the radio that this shop playing when he was in time break was more entertaining for me. The tea and the coffee is very fresh and many types of them that you can try!
5	- good coffee and treats- 24 hours on friday and saturday, open late on other nights- cute atmosphere- free wi-fi, with plenty of outlets- drive thru- music performancesi so love this coffee place. it will always have a special place in my heart. i practically lived here a couple years ago.it is a perfect place to work on stuff, especially on friday and saturday (i'm talking to serious students like me who sadly had to spend their fridays and saturdays during college working on computers or studying). you see all kinds there; young and old, cool kids and nerdy ones, and some complete weirdos, everyone doing different things. there are outlets for computers, a bookshelf full of books to read, board games, a piano, outdoor seating, and of course great coffee and snacks at fair prices. there's even a special extra-quiet room (it's a vault since the building used to be a bank) with private little workspaces and one group table. and there are some pretty amazing and memorable music performers occasionally. and i won't leave out the employees, they're friendly and cool too.ONE thing that could be better is that for some reason they keep the place frigid. i've seen people bring blankets.nonetheless, Xtreme Bean i love you.
5	I had the most spectacular toffee nut frappe! Seriously, I was in caffeine heaven. I think they gave me a large by mistake, but I didn't mind. My friend ordered a tea and that was really good as well. I have been here a couple of times and will definitely continue to go back. The service is good and the drinks are consistently excellent!
5	My favorite place to study in Tempe!  This funky little cafe has a lot of seating, great music, great coffee and plenty of electrical outlets!
4	Alright this is the scoop. This place is more hit than miss, depends whether you're here to study or hang out.  The drinks and food are good, but the trick is to find a place to sit.  If the place is packed, you're screwed. By the way, they keep their bathrooms in tip top shape. Always good.
4	Being pretty new to the Tempe area, I have to say this place is great. Why? Firstly, the environment and the staff here have been top notch and friendly since day one since I started being a customer at XB until even now, never a bad customer service experience. Secondly, I was rather happily surprised at the people you can end up meeting and picking a convo up with. Pretty much everyone I have met so far has been really interesting and welcoming, and down right just fun to speak with. Last but not least, the shop does offer quite a bit of good loose teas, in-house roasted coffees, and tasty specialty treats. Tip to anyone new to Tempe that might live in this area: Come down, get a drink, strike up a convo! You never know, you might make a friend or two.
2	I know there are dive places that people love and so if you're into funky/alternative, then yes- this is your place.  To me it's just dirty and the display shelves are not very welcoming.  but again- most people that come here are into this style.  very much the anti starbucks i guess.  it's open late so there you go. oh, it was a bummer that the credit card machine wasn't working and they were only take cash only.  huge inconvenience.
3	I used to be a student and this place was awesome for studying and keeping caffeinated.  Now though, when I go there to relax, I feel like I'm sitting in a study hall with a coffee bar in it.  More power to them for catering to students, we all know these places are hard to find.  But, if you're a few years graduated, you may want to try somewhere else...or just get their coffee to go (it's very tasty).
5	Xtreme Bean is quite possibly the best coffee shop in Tempe.  Yes I know the staff is eccentric, grungy and not super friendly but the prices are good and there is plenty of places to sit and chill, kind of like a coffee shop equivalent to a dive/neighborhood bar.  I've been going there at least once or twice a week for 5-6 years and they know exactly what coffee drink I need.  They have an excellent selection of teas, pastries and sandwiches.My only beef is that it is always busy especially at night, but it sure beats going to Starbucks in my opinion.
3	This place isn't bad. The place is pretty big in size and I love that they have a drive-thru. I like coming here on the weekends, especially when I need to study, particularly in the vault. Some times they have live music, which can be good or bad, depending on if you're there to study or hang out. They have decent coffee, not the best, but not awful. And I'd prefer to go here over Starbucks any day.
4	Love that Xtreme Bean has such a great drive-thru.  The coffee is good and the staff is very friendly.I like supporting them because they aren't a big chain.  It's a blessings to see an independent doing so well when there is a Starbucks just up the street.Blessings to them as they strive in this market.  : )KC
3	A bit disappointing as I thought this would be a more original place. No mugs? a latte spoiled by a horrible lid? Not the best start for me. I was looking forward to visit this place for long, but the first impression was not the best and I hardly think I would return. If you like chain crappy coffee you'll hate me, but if you crave an original expresso in your latte with that professional art....you'll understand me.
4	My Saturday morning almost always revolves around walking my pup over to Xtreme Bean for some hot tea and a brief chance to catch up on the news or page through some free AZ periodicals. The experience IS my "morning coffee" and I feel cranky without it.The staff is hipster (whatever you take that to mean), the tea selection rocks, the food is tempting (meaning I don't usually go there hungry but I end up wanting a sandwich anyway), and they keep dog biscuits behind the counter. 1-2-3-4 stars. And though I am typically skeptical of all places with a drive thru, it is incredibly fast and convenient when you need a quick Xtreme fix. Kelly and Kona (the dog) approved.
4	Great price for the size of beverage. Always speedy.
3	I've had some great coffee in my time and this place kind of swings and misses.  That being said, apparently they sell a butt ton of blended drinks so perhaps that is a big draw.I mostly go for the fantastic night barristas, the large patio area and the folks that hang out there in this post Jamaican Blue era. I strongly suggest this place to a) support local endeavors, b) hang out with friends, or c) do some homework.  Don't come just for the coffee.
4	I went here last night looking for a way to kill 3 hours while waiting for some friends. I get around on crutches so I needed a little assistance, and the staff here was very friendly and more than happy to help me.The wi-fi came right up on my iPad and I enjoyed surfing the whole time with no problems, while enjoying a Medium (24oz.) Decaf Mocha Frapp and a serving of Apple Strudel and listening to the guitarist/singer and bongo player go through a couple of sets of some widely varied and enjoyable music.A fun evening, I'll be back here again.
3	The service isn't the best here. Sometimes the baristas are snobby and they don't seem to like their job very much. The coffee is okay, I've definitely experienced better. The coffee isn't consistent either, it's a hit or miss depending who the barista is. I usually come here to study. They have lots of tables but it can get pretty crowded and difficult to find a table. Sometimes they have live music which has been pretty good. Service-2/5Atmosphere-4/5Coffee-3/5Music-4/5
3	Ok, so this place was a detour on the Coffee tour of Phoenix (ftw), it was not on my list due to its low rating, BUT it was the only coffee place open at 11pm last night when I wanted coffee SO it is added. This place was hopping last night. I guess they would have to be given the time of night... if you aren't old enough to drink, it's kind of this place or denny's. So, I went in with the BF and there were a couple of interesting guys behind the counter who helped us. I got a latte and the BF got cafe au lait. My latte was decent , it had mild coffee flavor, but it wasn't unpleasant by any means. His was fine as well. In addition, I looked in the dessert cases and all of their pastries had flies and bugs all around them.... so big turn off there, I would not be ordering that. So overall they are ok AND they are open 24 hours on fri and sat, so that gives them a bit of an edge over other places (Come on Phoenix! everything should not close at 10 pm! we need more 24 hour coffee.)
3	Decent coffee, good prices. They could have more vegetarian options as far as sandwiches or food are concerned.Study area is awesome, plenty of outlets with free wi-fi to study. Though, I'm not sure I visited during peak hours and I can imagine it getting busy.My favorite thing is that they have a drive-through. In Tempe that's a huge plus for students on the go.I love to go here when I have a couple hours to kill and I don't feel like sifting through the crowds of students on the ASU campus or at Hayden library. But for someone who doesn't have a car, getting here could be pretty problematic.
5	Great and real service! This happens to be one of the only places I enjoy coffee, the atmosphere is very laid back and inviting. This coffee shop has offered me a safe haven to complete homework, study or just relax with friends. My dog is always welcomed on the patio and is a great way to start conversations with the other friendly customers.
5	Friendliest staff I have yet to meet... ANYWHERE! You can tell they love their job! Great coffee. Great prices. I haven't eaten anything there so I can't comment on that. Great place to go to hang out with your friends.
3	they are open late and that's the one thing that sets them apart from any of the other coffee places i go to. i'll stick with gold bar or even coffee rush if it's during normal hours, tho..
5	Every time I get coffee from xtreme its always been an enjoyable experiance. Wether Im doing homework or enjoying time with friends, its a great atmosphere with great coffee!
4	Great coffee has that great bittersweet taste similar to dark chocolate, i drink it black so its all about the initial flavor
4	Open 24 hours on week-ends, ample seating area (good for studying or hanging out and chatting), very welcoming clientele, and broad selection of coffee drinks, non-coffee drinks, and desserts, fruits, and random snacks.The coffee isn't great but not terrible either. The Wi-Fi, while free, is fickle. One of my two favourite coffee places in Tempe (other is Cartel off University & Ash).
4	Love this place! Love that there is a drive-thru, and they are super speedy and friendly. They also have several sugar-free options, which is awesome. I'll be visiting this place frequently.
4	Great place to be when I can't sleep and the sun's coming up! Showing up at 5am and snagging one of those hot, straight-from-the-ovenpumpkin muffins and a latte, watching the world light up as the sun rises... What a divine (and delicious) way to start any day!
4	Coffee is pretty good, and the prices are pretty decent. The place reminds me of an old hole in the wall beatnik coffee house I spent a lot of my highschool and college years in. I was in there after midnight on a Saturday night, and the atmosphere was pretty relaxing and quiet. Great for when ya need to finish that report or cram for a test. There's indoor seating, outdoor seating, wifi, private study pods yet they also have a set up for a live band and a drive through for when your on the go. Definately a place that's worth checking out
5	So Indie its going to make me drive to Tempe lol Love the vibe here. Reminds me of The Jamaican Blue that use to be in Scottsdale. Good mix of a crowd, indie, punk, 70s sounds. Its great
3	I came here with my team of staff for a staff meeting because we prefer going and supporting local business than chains like Starbucks. And if we are meeting, why not take the opportunity to treat our staff at good quality local coffee shop too, just makes perfect sense to us.When the 4 of us arrived, the general indoor seating area had a few large tables (large enough for 4 people) that were taken by single persons. So we resorted to having our meeting in the "vault" which has an open table large enough for us. This was our first time here and did not know whether the "vault" area was a quiet area or not, but we tried to discuss work without being overly loud. An hour later, a fellow patron leaving the room told us that it was the "quiet room" and that we should not be in there. Not seeing a single "quiet" sign around, I decided to confirm with Xtreme Bean staff and their response was that they don't know why people have the impression that it is a quiet room. It is just another room, nothing special about it.So I want to make sure my fellow patron knows, if you want to have a super quiet space to work at, maybe staying at home is a better option, or go to the library. Please don't tell fellow customers to leave, especially those who could not gain access to the large tables, because those were taken by other solo customers who love to spread out their belongings on a table large enough for a group of four.We all love to support local businesses, so please make sure you know what the "rules" actually are before confronting other customers about your need for "quietness." If that is so important to you, please stay home.Sorry if this sounds more like a rant than a review. But I just want other customers to know about my overall experience here was a good one. The staff was helpful and the drinks were decent, but us customers could do better to help support the business by being a little more considerate and not take up more space than we need to. If you take up a table large enough for four and others had no choice but leave because of that, you are indirectly taking the business away from the coffee shop. With more people there, they will sell more drinks and food. Of course, unless you plan to purchase enough food and drinks to cover the difference between one customer and four customers. I am just talking from a business owner's point of view, since I run a small business too.Note to staff of Xtreme Beans, please let me know if I am wrong about the "quiet room" since I last talked with you. I will be happy to take my staff somewhere else if the large tables were taken by single users and we could not use the customer designated "quiet room." We are definitely going to give Xtreme Bean Coffee another try though.
3	A-OK is exactly how I feel about Xtreme Bean. This place is often too loud for me, I tend to use coffee shops as meeting places more than study places, so loud staff and loud patrons just won't cut it. On the plus side they have tons of plug in spots, and hunkering down with headphones to do work is typically pretty easy. The coffee is also hit or miss for me, just right one day and burnt tasting the next. I'll still come here, and I encourage others to as well, just know this isn't the place for quiet ambiance.
5	Great coffee and cute staff. What else do you need.
4	This is a cute coffee shop. They have a wide selection of tea/coffee and pastries. I ordered a sugar-free white chocolate coffee shake. It was delis. Price is fairly comparable to other cafes. They have lots of seating options from tables to sofa chairs. It's pretty packed on the weekends. Free WIFI and they have a bathroom that is outside the cafe.
1	Smokers ruin the atmosphere. I wish XB would create a dedicated outdoor location for the smokers. There's no place outside for non smokers to sit. Worse, the smokers sit right at the front door. You can't even get inside without being covered in their stench.
4	I liked the feel of the place. The menu was well organized and so was the dessert counter. I ordered a Toffee Coffee Frapp and it was delicious! It had small pieces of actual toffee bar in it, which was a nice treat. The drink was blended together smoothly and it was decadently creamy. Mmmmm. A+!!! There is a lot of indoor seating as well as outdoor seating. My friends and I sat outside because it was lovely weather today around noon. I can see myself returning in the future to have another one of those toffee frapps, or I may just have to be adventurous and try one of their other unique flavors, like cookies and cream! :)
4	In a previous life, Xtreme Bean was Gold Bar and the "vault" at the Gold Bar was more of a chill area with board games where people could play or chat.  Over the years, Xtreme Bean took over the building and Gold Bar moved into the Ross/Subway plaza.  The atmosphere then evolved into a haven for those that are glued to their laptops and/or those that need to intensely study.  While I do reminisce about the old days of yore, Xtreme bean does serve up very good coffee drinks that are smooth yet strong.  I've had their frappes and they have been rich, full of flavor, and not overly sweet.  They have a very wide selection of sugar free syrups too if you are wanting something less calorie intensive.
4	It's a new find for me.I went on the weekend before the exam week, the place was packed with students...high on caffeine and loud music. The best part is that it opens till 2am which is perfect for nocturnals like me. The coffee is not bad but what makes it better is the vibe of the place.Love that a place like this exist near ASU.
2	I have been coming to xtreme bean for several years and it is still a generally good place.  the coffee is average or below, the tea selection is good, the atmosphere is ok but same old. The current staff is incredibly immature and act like children yelling, and even barking, at high decibels.  I've never seen anything like  it anywhere.  I'll have to think twice about coming back if this continues.
4	I've lived next to this coffee store for years and this is the first time I've been in. It seems very popular as it was pretty busy. They managed the line quickly and took my order without any issues. I love that they have almond milk, I get tired of milk and soy as the only alternatives. I would not order a large unless you plan on giving yourself a heart attack, it is a bucket. Liter of Cola anyone? The location used to be a bank so they use the former bank drive through as their current drive through, and have turned the vault into a great place to study. They have free wi-fi and a ton of pastries to choose from. This is definitely a college hang out from what I could tell. It looks like they have a variety of live shows and cater to the hipster crowd. It's not your local Starbucks, which I hate, and it doesn't try to be. It's a hipster coffee shop without the pretentious attitude. I'm a fan.
1	I used to love Xtreme Bean as a teenager.  Now, nearly a decade later, I am unimpressed.  The coffee is okay at best, the prices are what you would expect from a coffee house, and they offer free WiFi - that's about all the good I can list.The serious downside is the staff and the ambiance.  On my last visit to the Bean, I went with a friend who is a regular.  The girl at the cash register recognized him and chatted with him while completely ignoring me.  After 10 minutes of chatting laden with profanity, complaining about her employer, the sun, and screaming "F***" while continually asking her coworker at the drive-thru to give her sunglasses- she finally asked him what he wanted to drink.She then ignored me again.  After literally taking out money and waiving it to her I ordered my drink and a bagel.  All I asked for was coffee with hazelnut added and a bagel with cream cheese.She got my order wrong.  There was no hazelnut in my coffee, the coffee tasted burnt and old, and there was about a half pound of cream cheese on my questionably toasted (cold but crunchy) bagel.I MIGHT have even been able to overlook many of the downfalls in service and quality (frankly I'll drink just about anything you call coffee and pour in a cup for me) if the atmosphere had at least been pleasant.  The staff is in charge of music and apparently often uses their personal play list as the music for the shop.  This would be fine if it wasn't being played at a concert level volume.  I like Thrice and other loud bands, but not when I'm trying to enjoy a cup of coffee and conversation.  I'd rather go to Starbuck's across the street.
4	A good selection of coffee and tea, as well as fresh pastries and generally an assortment of sandwiches and wraps (although quantity may vary by time of day). This place is definitely packed with local students, some getting there as soon as it opens to get one of the coveted 4-seater tables with outlets. There's still room in "The Vault" though if all of the main tables are taken. The staff is pretty friendly once you get to know them, there tends to be live music from time to time (usually have a schedule up on the main counter) and the music piped in over the PA system can range from classic rock, to reggae, to psy trance, to Japanese "J-Rock". Plenty of seating for smokers in a sheltered outside area. Bathrooms are separate from the main area, across the smoker's "hallway" and are usually pretty clean, which is nice. Some wear is evident in the place. Some of the carpet is lose and can be a tripping hazard if they don't have it taped down, some of the chairs and tables in the smoking area are starting to break down a bit, but all in all I like it here and I keep coming back.
4	Very cool, great music. Study room but beware of the smoke cloud surrounding the outside. Can't sit outside unless you want to leave smelling like smoke.
5	Great coffee for great prices! Can't go wrong there.
1	Xtreme Bean has been a "Home away from home" for me for many years dating back to when there was another coffee shop called Gold Bar Espresso in the same building. I love this building, the employees and the patrons. I have made so many friends here I couldn't ever begin to count them all.Over the past couple years I've been using the free WiFi as my primary internet connection for my laptop computer. It's a very fast connection these days.The internet connection has been abused by some patrons downloading torrents containing copy-written media illegally. As a result, the owner has locked down the WiFi and has instituted a content filtering system that blocks access to many commonly used websites. Several of my friends who study here have been disallowed access by this filtering system to critical portions of their online class' website.While I'm all for blocking access to downloading copy-written materiel illegally gained, especially when it's done in your name, on your internet connection, there has got to be a better solution.I will continue to come to Xtreme Bean late at night on weekends and to see friends from time to time, but otherwise I will be taking my money, my pallet (the coffee roaster isn't very good), and my laptop to other businesses.
1	YUCK!Just Yuck.  They have a large selection of coffee drinks you can get on their menu, each one I've tried was more unappetizing than the last.   On my first visit I opted for an iced toddy, my poison of choice. I watched the girl in the drive-thru make my drink and I was a little perplexed about what the hell she was doing. I know some places use a concentrate, then add water to cut it. I watched her as she first added cream to the bottom of the cup, then added water, then added the tiniest portion of toddy "concentrate". What I ended up with was a large cup of watered down 1/2 & 1/2 with a slight watered down coffee taste. I don't get it. If you need to cut the toddy down, add the water and toddy concentrate first. I don't see how you can tell how light or dark the toddy is when you've already added cream to it. The main ingredient is coffee, which my cup barely had any of. When she handed me my cup, I asked the girl why she added the cream to the cup first and her response was just "that's the way we do it".  On this same visit, my boyfriend got an iced americano, which was just as disgusting as my toddy. He asked me to take a sip to see if it tasted the same to me. The espresso tasted like it had either been burned or sitting for a while before she added it to the water. We were both really upset as we were really jones-ing for caffeine. Neither of us took more than a couple of sips before deciding to throw our drinks away. To add insult to injury, I gave the girl a 100% tip before she was rude to me and made us 2 undrinkable beverages. Next time I'll hang on to the gratuity until I have an actual interaction with my drink and barista.  On my second visit, I only came in because I had about an hour to kill while my car was at the Discount Tire in the same shopping complex. It was a hot day and I wanted something cold and refreshing. I went in and decided to skip the toddy (even though it's what I would have preferred to get) and decided to get an iced chai with a couple shots of espresso in it. I paid and waited a couple of mins for my drink. When my name was called I walked over to the little bar was she sat my drink down. It was 3/4 of the way full with barely any ice in it. What was this extra room for? I wasn't going to add creamer to my drink. A long line started to form and the barista got busy taking orders for other people. I sat there at the little window and waited for at least 5 mins trying to ask them for more ice. The barista kept walking by me, and ignored my presence. All I wanted was more ice. Finally another employee came up to me and asked "what do you want?" very rudely. "more ice?" i replied. She snatched the cup out of my hand and reluctantly went and got me more ice for my ICED drink. So rude. I left the building and decided to go wait at the tire shop instead. I don't think I've ever felt so unwelcome in a business. On my way out I took a sip of my drink. Ew. It was sooooo sweet. I added the couple of shots of espresso to try and cut down on how sweet the drink was sure to taste but it didn't work. I ended up throwing my drink out before I got back to the tire shop, a mere 1 min walk from Xtreme Bean's front door to the tire shops entrance. I get it. You've got cute girls working here. Cute girls and free wi-fi. That may be enough for the sea of young dudes that seem to flock to this establishment, but not for me. You don't have to go far in this town to find great coffee, or at least decent coffee with better service. They may have gotten another star from me if the employees had been the least bit more accommodating,  but after 2 strikes I don't want to return to see if they'd get a 3rd or not.
5	I gotta give this place a 5 stars cause no other place on Arizona open 24 hours like this one. The life entertainment every Friday, Saturday and Sunday wins me the most. Cool atmosphere to hang out and the bakery is always filled with yummy sandiwches and bagels. Just a great place to chill..
4	This place has the greatest hours! The people are nice and helpful with recommending different coffees based on your taste preferences. I found this place when I was still a student at ASU and it was a great go-to spot if you want to hang out/study with some friends later in the night. I've met people up here and I got to do exactly what I wanted to do: drink coffee and catch up with friends until the wee hours (conversations can run long-especially whne girls get to talking).
3	I like how large this place is and the different seating options to suit your needs.  This is a great place to meet up with people, close to the freeway- I see business men meeting up here, I've had study groups here and I meet with my tutor here.  Coffee and tea is consistently good.  Free wi-fi - make sure you ask for the password when you grab your drink.They lost a star because it's kinda dirty in there - messy tables and trash on the ground.
5	If you're looking for a great local coffee spot with plenty of tables, free wifi and local flare, then Xtreme Bean is your spot. They have a wide array of drinks and they're open later than most Phoenix area coffee shops. The place is cool especially since it's a retrofit from a bank. Great spot for creatives.
1	I have come here a couple times because I love the layout for working... Good table space, good wifi, and decent coffee.. a good place to meet people to work too. But holy crap, who are they hiring? There is one girl here who constantly is cursing at absurd volume levels and doesn't stop complaining about everything. The others don't do anything during the slow parts of the day other than "hang out" and talk loudly about their lives, sometimes complaining about work. (They could use that time to clean up a bit, there are dust bunnies everywhere and pretty close to food/drink.) They also seem to use the coffee shop as a place to play their own music, which is usually really loud metal or rock.  This place is really dropping on my scale of places to work. Too bad, the good qualities are just being squashed by the people working here.
4	24 hours on weekends! cheap! some of the smokey regulars out front are a little too gandolf (the grey NOT white) and Monty Python for me. Same crowd I see at bookmans in mesa. They are all at least level 9 mages...which is nothing yelpzilla can't destroy. The hardest part of this place for em is the Japanese conversation club that meets here on Fridays. Hearing my mother tongue makes me want to crush the city. So please think about the children and find another place to meet. and Also, a note to the staff, stop playing Pinkerton era Weezer. It has the same effect. I do love me the staff. If I were to destroy Tempe i would let them all ride on my back! we would destroy the city as a team! I would stomp and breathe fire and they would keep me going with shots and lattes.Lastly, What s with all the skinny chicks with silly names giving this place one star?
4	Cool place to hang and chat. Coffee is good, staff as well.
5	Most everytime I've come here its been for tea, work and the people.  Every place has to have something to keep bringing you back and its definitely humorous to see the scholar to the punk ska come in for their daily caffeine fix.  I like staff that a mix of personalities and I'm totally sold on the tea selection.  Not too heavy with coffee so I can't throw down on how amazing or lack luster it is.  Assuming with the crowds its prob pretty damn good!  At times when it's busy bring the earbuds but when you have a large cafe with lots of people that's only expected!
3	A very hip crowd. Not as many posers as other coffee places. I have been to two other coffee shops on the same intersection and this is the best. , I'm lookin at you Starbucks that is just right across the street....and on every street corner in America.
4	very good service, relaxed atmosphere, came here mid morning and there was no waitin too much for my order- coffee and a muffin.  a lot of people come alone, so seating can be limited- there is outside tables where u can sit as well.  ive been here for my first time few years, glad to see it still operating and no drastic changes noted :)
2	Like many Yelpers, when I was first introduced to Xtreme Bean I wanted to mark it as my new hangout spot.  But a few visits later, I started growing a strong dislike for the place.  It is DIRTY and they seem to be attracting people who have dirty attitudes.  The smoking that happens on  the outside makes it tough for non-smokers to even enjoy sitting out there on a beautiful sunny day.  I have tried to do it once or twice, but found myself running back inside.  I'm not saying people can't smoke, but the staff could do a better job cleaning up  the buds and, maybe, asking people to not spit out their yuk right by the tables.  I witnessed someone doing that one time, and I could not finish my latte.  I tried to give her the "eye" but it didn't work. I think she enjoyed the fact that I was disgusted and did it profusely.Seriously, who are they trying to attract? I think this place is catering to those who don't care about certain social norms.  I have enjoyed  the atmosphere in the past but I refuse to spend my money there.
4	You can't go wrong with the iced toddy! I love iced coffee, and the strength of the toddy is great, especially on a rough morning. If you love iced coffee beverages, get this rather than the lattes.
2	Not a fan, but I keep coming back due to old habits.... The previous coffee shop in this location was excellent. This one has mediocre coffee and a very slow internet connection. Not a good combo if you want non-grumpy customers.
2	The pros:- relatively good coffee- convenient location- the ambiance (at times)The cons:- slow service (staff seems constantly overwhelmed)- cleanliness: observed dirty counters, unsafe food handling techniques- outside seating comfort:  smoking areas are less than 10 feet from entrances and patrons end up having to walk through it.  The outside reeks of cigarette smoke. Honestly, if you're looking for a place to quickly hook up to wifi to get work done while getting a good coffee, you could manage it.  Don't attempt any work by phone though, the area is too noisy.  It could be done better by posting a reserved smoking area to the rear of the establishment, thus preventing customers from being inundated with smoke.
4	The iced toddy is FANTASTIC -  It packs a punch, so no need to add extra shots to this one! If frou-frou coffee is more your thing, the espresso and blended drinks are all great too. Also, love that this place is open 24 hours on the weekend. Those weekends that I find myself needing to get some work done, Xtreme Bean is a welcomed escape from my house. Only downside is, it tends to get super busy on Sundays with ASU undergrads majoring in "Facebook" and gossip hour. Good luck finding an outlet for your laptop, and bring some headphones if you want to get anything done. :)
2	I'm sorry. The burnt drip coffee is definitly not enough to get me to come back. Service is extremely friendly, but the coffee is NOT WORTH IT. Weak, burnt, watery.....this is a coffee place and therefore I am juding based on the coffee. Don't hate.
2	Just does nothing for me.  The place is packed so good luck getting a table or a comfy seat.  The bathroom is located outside the coffee shop, across the hall and is locked.  The staff is not overly friendly, a bit stand offish'.  I tried the iced caramel royale.  It was about $3.25 for a small and just wasn't very tasty.  Also got the veggie wrap with hummus.  The hummus was flavorless and the tortilla on the wrap a bit soggy.  I don't recommend it.
5	I have been coming to this coffee house for years.  From my early college times to now still stopping in for a large iced toddy & everything bagel toasted with hummus (there breakfast burritos are awesome too).The staff has always been super nice, great people & great environment.If you like the local coffee house scene where there roast their own beans & have amazing Batista's then check out Xtreme Bean, you'll love it!
4	Along with Cartel, this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the area.  It is less hipster and a bit more relaxed than some other places, with great coffee and a wonderful staff.  Awesome espresso.  Breakfast burritos and baked goods are always on point. The building is an old bank, so the old safe door leads you to a quiet work space.  Comfortable, high ceilings, decent acoustics, and nice outdoor (shaded) area.  Drive through high-quality local espresso!  What more do you want?
2	Not so psyched. It was packed when I went in which I can't fault them for but I couldn't understand why. I ordered a dirty chai with almond milk and, I hate to say it, but I have had better at Starbucks. The espresso wasn't roasted to my taste and the drip coffee was weak. It does have a lot of seating which may make it a good place to sit, but the prices were pretty high so sitting a while gets expensive. If I find myself studying in Tempe again I will be going up the road to SOLO. I would pass on this place
2	I like to layout but its always crowded and hard to find a table.  Also, the music is too loud and distracting, an okay place to go chill maybe but not if you need to study or get work done.
3	Good coffee, good service, fair prices...not Starbucks, but in the same ballpark.  I'll continue to grab a coffee here when I'm in Tempe.
1	Worst Customer Service EVER. And I'm not kidding.... would seriously give this place zero stars if I could. My fiance and I went here Friday night at about 11:30 because our usual place was closed. I had been here a few times in high school, and the coffee was okay but always tasted slightly weird. This time, we waited in line behind two guys for more than 15 minutes while they sipped their already served coffee and talked with the employee working behind the counter. The employee could clearly see that we were in line and waiting, and continued to not care. They chatted about records etc while we just stood there.To make matters worse, another employee came in from the back of the coffee shop and could also see that we were waiting, but didn't help us, or remind the first employee to help us either. He must have known the two guys standing there and chatting (or at least I hope he did) because he walked up and touched one of the two guys' crotch. The guy then loudly said "He touched my pee-pee! He touched my pee-pee! Did he touch yours?" While the employees and the other guy laughed. The second employee walked away and the first continued chatting. I wish I was kidding, but this seriously happened in this establishment. I was so astounded at the lack of any sense of professionalism. Needless to say, my fiance and I walked out and did not ever get our coffee, not to mention we will clearly never be returning.I have tried to write their management to inform them of our experience, but there is also no where on their site to contact them directly by email, another huge faux pas for a company.Basically, don't honor this establishment with your business. Use your consumer power elsewhere.
5	My favorite Tempe study spot. They have indoor and outdoor seating, offer wifi, and even have a semi-quiet study lounge that has the feel of a library. And they serve more than just cafe food, they have true lunch selections, so you won't starve on just croissants and coffee if you're gonna be studying for awhile.
3	Nice staff, great hours! Dirty and damaged furniture, due to excessive wear. My mocha with 0.25 the chocolate was still super nauseating with sugar.
4	Service 4/5: cashier friendly and nice. Helpful with making order since it was my first time. Nothing over the top special thoughFood/drink 4/5: nothing to write home about but good and price was fair. Got a black coffee and my husband got a Carmel frapp, and 2 everything bagel with cream cheese $11. I would definitely go back, cool feel on the inside and coffee with bagel was good.
4	Been coming here for a while, almost every Monday. The staff are always friendly. The atmosphere is relaxed and comfy. The smoking outside is sometimes overwhelming--and one has to walk through it to get to the bathrooms. I enjoy the food and the coffee is really good.
3	Saturday afternoon, I came here while my car was being worked on at Discount Tire nearby. For a Saturday afternoon, I was surprised how busy the place was.  There were only 2 tables open (both with 2 chairs) outside of the study area.  In the study area, there was another seat.  Wow!The staff (one who assisted me and one who worked the drive through window) made it a point to say hello when I walked up to the counter.  In viewing the sample sized reeses dessert on the counter, I asked if I could try one.  The taste...fantastic.  I asked if any of the coffee beverages came with a free refill, and was advised that none were free, but a refill was only 50 cents, regardless of what size I purchased.  I figured with 45 minutes to wait on the car, I would manage to go through 4 small cups (10 ounce) or 2 large cups (16 ounce), and the initial outlay for the first cup was only 50 cents different, so my best bet was the large cup.  After I got my cup and added sugar and cream, I looked for a table.  One of the 2-seat tables I saw available had an empty cup and dirty napkins on it.  As I approached, someone from across the room advised the table was taken, so I moved on.  I found another table by the window in a small space next to the study room.  As the table top was sticky, I went back to the counter and asked if I could get a rag to wipe the table down.  Normally, when I have made such a request at other coffee shops, someone would come and wipe down/clean up the table.  This time, I was given a rag and advised to return it when I was done. The coffee was respectable.  It was decently hot, and certainly not "weak".  Maybe the management wants to consider staffing a third person when it is as busy as it was on Saturday.  Maybe this was an exception...I am just not accustomed to wiping down my table before I sit.
4	Always packed (part of the reason I like going) but difficult to find a table. Most people are working on a project (for school, work, ect) and I like that vibe when I need to get something done.Coffee is decent, but although many would probably be offended that they even offer it, I like that I can just grab a large diet soda when I want it.Furniture is often gunky and dirty (and sometimes the clientele is too.)
5	I adore this place. The staff is upbeat, cheerful and helpful to the highest degree. The prices are average. The coffee is tasty and doesn't taste burnt like in so many other places. What I like best about this place, besides the lovely folks, are the blended frappes. This place is the only one I have found that makes frappes the way I like. The drive thru is convenient and efficient done so the wait has rarely been more than a few moments. I go there as a treat when I have been out doing errands. I recommend others do as well.
2	Censored Wifi!!  That means no social sites.  Why do I need this place when every other cafe doesn't censor wifi?  I don't.  I won't be back.  Too bad because the place has potential, eg, nice cozy environment, though crowded.  Coffee is the usual bitter, tasteless stuff served at so many places.
4	My fav all time coffee destination in Tempe. It's a fabulous place to do homework and socialize.
3	A very unassuming atmosphere.  This place use to be a bank and you can have coffee in the converted vault.  The red velvet cake is pretty sweet and perfect with black coffee
5	Go to place if you want to work/study/meet late. On the weekends they (mostly) do not close at all. On week nights they're open late. If you chain smoke, sit outside. It's nice. If you don't, sit inside. If you want it to be quiet, consider studying/working inside the vault. Yes, this used to be a bank so there's a vault (the door stays open). They have yummy treats like croissants & the baristas are always chill. This is the place to become a "regular" if you can. Across the lot is Revolver Records and an old skool barber shop. You can also get your tired rotated/replaced 100' away. Love this place.
1	This place is hit or miss. On occasion I'll get served by a really good barista. Great personality. Super friendly. And very helpful. Every other time I've ever been here I get the grumpy barista. The one who wants to charge for everything. Like an EXTRA CINNAMON charge! Baristas like that make me change my mind after I ordered my drink for being bitchy because I wasn't fast enough with my response in how many espresso shots I wanted. I just think a majority of the females that work here suck at their job.
2	Two stars is being generous.  But at least I now have a place to go to if I want rude service and milky coffee drinks.
5	Great place. Especially when they play music. Just often hard to get a decent place to sit, since its so popular.
5	Great coffee, great staff. They always come off as genuinely enthusiastic which is nice for me being typically zonked out until I get my coffee.
1	I used to love this place. After moving back to the area I decided to try it again. It looks sad and depressed now. The shabby chic look just looks shabby now. The furniture is gross and dirty and smells like hippy BO. There is large bar that I used to sit at. But the top is broken in so many places it is hard to use. The place needs a big update. It looks like it did when I left a long time ago. The drinks are ok. But the staff is not nice at all. I am not a snobby coffee house person. I just like to read. Today the staff yelled at a lady to answer her phone. Yes it rang way too many times but you approach her and ask her in private. They yelled at her across the room. Then they came in and announced that the owner of a truck better move from the handicap spot because he had no right to be there. The owner got up embarrassed and limped to his truck. He had forgotten to put up his tag. The poor guy was beet red from embarrassment. I wondered if they hold public floggings on Saturday night's?I don't know when this place went from warm and hip to skid row funk.... I LOVE giving little places my business. I shop at local places any chance I have. But I am sad to say I am probably better off at The Big Green Machine (Starbucks)
3	Diclaimer: this review is for Xtreme Bean as a good coffee shop to study atCan't beat free WiFi, good hours, pretty decent coffee drinks with a wide variety of options (including SF blended drinks!!), and helpful friendly service. Good amount of seating in and out. As a grad student, I LOVE the study room with desks!!! However, the outlets are hard to use unless you have a long cord... My iPad charger cord doesn't reach from the wall around the front of the desk, and there is no way to have it come up from the back of the desk. Only a few of the desks have good lighting (would like to save my eye sight thank you), and there needs to be a sign or something on the door stating priority to people who want to quietly study. That room and the study environment is what keeps me here... If I can't study, I have to go elsewhere, no matter how much I like a place. Every now and then, people who just want to socialize will use the slightly bigger table in that room... Not cool, esp if there are tables/seating in the other areas. Ruins that environment for everyone else in there. Hence the 3 stars
1	You know when you drink all night and your (hopefully) sober driver reminds you that hangover-prevention starts with putting something in your stomach, but the only place open is the sketchy Jack-in-the-Box with no lights in the parking lot, but you're so drunk you don't care?  That pretty much sums up my attitude about this place when I'm in dire need of my daily caffeine dosage.I've never had a good experience at any of these locations.  The good ole caffeine-driven coffee shop welcome has been replaced with a 30 second delay that allows the barista to finish their conversation before they drag their feet over to the counter to greet you with a "what can I get for you" in a not-so-well-hidden tone of inconvenience. This definitely puts the mediocre coffee miles ahead of the staff.  And if you think "triceratips" is a clever play on words, think again, it's only because tips here are clearly prehistoric.  But hey, if you're into the raised-brow of judgment when you order a large, not realizing it doubles as a non-biodegradable tent for 5, you're really going to love this place.  The only good thing is that the setup isn't over-the-top and cheesy.  It's a pretty comfortable atmosphere to relax and read or visit with someone.  But be warned that if you sit at a table that hugs the bar, the bar patrons are going to read that 50 Shades of Gray over your shoulder, or watch "Chocolate Rain" on your phone with you.
4	I used to come here all the time when I was a student at ASU.  They have this very cool study room inside a vault.  I believe this used to be a bank or something, very nice.  Restrooms are outside, you will need to get a key from the register area.  Free wi-fi so you can do all your study or gaming.   Great staff and good coffee, stop by the next time you are in the area.
4	Nice people, good stuff to eat and drink and decent wifi when I am hiding.
4	very good!!!really nice employees!Tons of sugar free options!!Cons: its that kind of place you can expect to see people who are not fond of the shower. Avoid them by using the drive through window. The free wifi is nice!If I'm going someplace to work - I prefer the ambiance at Sbux.
3	Since we just moved and have no internet, yet, my boyfriend and I were looking for a place he could do some homework and I could check my email. Based on the reviews, we decided to try here. The coffee was good, the vault study room was nice, but someone came in and started pounding on the piano at top volume just after we arrived. It was so loud, the group playing a game at the table next to it had to shout to hear each other and my boyfriend couldn't hear the videos he had to watch for class with earphones.
4	I really love the coffee and the food here. The atmosphere is good too. Sometimes annoyed when I'm working on something or in conversation and suddenly someone decides to play the piano really loudly (I should enjoy the music, but sadly I find it disruptive and annoying during the day). The worst part--THE FLIES!!!! Omg, they need to do something about the constancy of the flies!!!!
2	While I've been coming here the past year and a 1/2 the people using this as a sleeping spot makes me feel very uncomfortable. It has gotten worse with time. It could also be cleaner floors very dirty.  The good thing is the strong drinks, maybe we should just get our orders to go. I like used to like their couch but not anymore.
3	Drive thru is great. If you get an experienced barista the coffee is good but I've gotten burnt coffee a few too many times. I don't like that they stole the location back once gold bar made a great location out of it. Gold bar are the true innovators in the neighborhood. If you like the space thank them. But it's great to have several places to choose from in the neighborhood and convenient and quick to have the drive thru. I just always order iced now so they can't burn it.
4	I LOVE the coffee sizes. Go to Starbucks or Dutch Bros and their large is Extremes small. Perfect when I'm studying all night and need lots of caffeine. Employees are always super friendly, and drive through is pretty speedy. Definitely will recommend to friends
5	I love this place.  It's inside an old bank building they roast on site and have great fresh baked goodies.  I love their Iced Toddy (Cold brewed coffee) Friendly staff, patio seating, super fast WIFI, tons of free parking and a drive thru in case you want to stay in your car.
3	Been here twice. Nice, relaxing, big, setting with a bunch of chairs and places to sit. Servings are worth the price, like the iced Americano. The iced coffee though: terrible. Maybe it was just the particular day, but it was terrible. I had to add so much cream to make it palatable.
2	This coffee shop is kind of the worst. From the rude and snooty girls working the registers, to the incompetent baristas making my drinks. When you ask for "light cream" the drink is completely white. When you ask for "one pump of sweetener" you have never tasted something so awfully saturated with syrup. Seriously, it's simple stuff guys. The cashiers are useless and not helpful in any way. No apologies for any instance that was unsatisfying. I'll never come here again.
3	The Chai Latte was amazing! I like that they automatically put in skim milk with it. I also had a blueberry muffin that was really good too! The room was freezing, so I didn't stay long. The barista didn't seem rude, but she wasn't super friendly either. It was just alright service. I was not a fan of the study room, was really dark. Their were other places to sit, but I concentrate better when I don't see other people in front or near me.
3	I've been putting off my review of Xtreme Bean because even after coming here about 10 times, I'm still not sure how I feel about it. I like the fact that it is a coffee shop... I usually like the chai tea latte I get... I like the large size of the drink... But something is off. It's difficult to do homework here as the lighting inside is weird and there simply is no lighting outside. It's an odd atmosphere to meet up with someone because there always seems to be someone really strange staring. I wouldn't say anything if it was just one time because there are odd ones everywhere, but it seems that every time I go there is just something and someone off. I will say that nothing is so bad to make me not return since I am a chai addict of a student and this location is much closer than my most favorite coffee spot, Coffee Rush, and for that I give three stars.
3	I've been coming here for 10 years and I stopped coming a year or two ago because I just couldn't stand the rude female baristas any longer (2 in particular). I don't know if they've left or not but I've started going again and haven't seen either of them thankfully. The newer baristas seem considerably more friendly and are much more along the lines of what you'd expect from a cool, locally owned coffee shop. I like the sizes of the drinks as they are hefty servings indeed, but I must say that their brewed coffee is just plain sorry. I have to douse it with cream and sugar just to get it down. All in all, I like the atmosphere and will continue patronizing this establishment.
5	Came here while my car was getting worked on at discount tire and I'm always in this area but have never seen this place super glad i found it! the fact that they have a drive thru is what made it even 1000x better! These past reviews seem a bit outdated! The staff was really friendly and helpful! I loved my drink and bagel will defiantly be coming back!
3	I guess the rumors are true. Some nights are great and others not so much (depending on the Batista and their customer service/skills). I wasn't greeted, tried to make a failed attempt to donate to their xmas tree (they said they weren't properly educated on where the money goes), I'm eating a burnt bagel and the coffee i ordered tastes burnt (almond mocha). I've had this same thing here last weekend and it was great so not sure what's going on other than the Barista's...kind of disappointed.
5	I can't find a more perfect iced Americano. Enough said.
1	I went here for the first time recently, which was through the drive-thru, on a cold night before going to the gym. The short of it - I got a latte and though the barista was friendly, the latte itself tasted like it was made with hot dog water. Needless to say, I couldn't drink more than a couple sips of this hot dog coffee drink.
