1	I don't really want to give them a star but a star is deserved for the nurse who provides children with immunization because my kids loved her.I had a very long discussion with them over their billing practices and long story short if you seek this office for care, please check your explanation of benefits as they will double dip at every opportunity based on what their billing manager had explained to me. If you had scheduled for a well visit, and your child has a scratch, they will charge you 2 visits (1 well exam and 1 sick visit). Makes no sense but apparently it is clear in their minds and they say they legally could. Is it ethical? I think not!
5	I don't have anything other than nice words to say about this practice. We have seen each doctor in the office, and have always had a positive experience with all of them! The staff is always helpful and ready to answer any question we have! The pediatricians are very knowledgeable and are very respectful towards parents! We have been taking our son to this practice for 4 years and every visit (whether well or sick) has been a pleasure! The new office is beautiful and we love that each room as a theme!! My sons favorite is the "Minion Room"!! The wait times are not too long, and I appreciate that the doctor doesn't seem in a rush while with my child. Each doctor we have seen has taken their time to answer all my questions and make sure that they have been thorough before our appointment was over!! If you're looking for a pediatric office where your family and child are not just numbers but names, this is a great place!!
5	I don't give accolades unless they are earned, and a business does not keep me as a customer unless they go above and beyond the call of duty.  For me to give Bethesda Pediatrics five stars really says something.  1. The doctors are amazing.  Eric Nyman clearly loves children.  Kelly Hughes is a mother and it shows in how she treats every last patient.  From the first day I took my daughter there through my most recent visit, they treated her like family.  Any concerns I had, they answered and put to rest.  In this case, my daughter loves her pediatricians, and so do I.  2. The support staff and medical assistants/nurses are professional and keep the environment light.  This is important in a medical setting because if they lose it, the stressed out parents and children will follow suit.  They don't lose it.  And believe me, I've been to more than one office where I saw the staff lose composure.3. Owners: It's good to see a minority owned and operated business.  Beyond that, they also know their clients.  I'm not just a number to them and neither is my daughter.  This is what separates them from a lot of other pediatric offices.  The owners, not just the doctors, know my daughter and I by name.4. Bilingual staff all the way through.  From the doctors to the back of office, almost the entire staff is bilingual.  5. I've been treated fairly, my billing has always been spot on.  Regarding the billing, I check thoroughly because I am currently on a cash only diet.  When I was using insurance, I never got double tapped.All I'm saying is that I trust my daughter with these folks.  I trust them enough to refer my friends and family.
1	This places employs people that prescribe medication for children that do not need it. And they do not get consent from both parents when both parents are required by a judge to give authorization for any treatment on my children. This place should be out of business.
5	I've taken my son here back in August and everyone was friendly from the receptionist all the way to the pediatrician. I asked the doctor A LOT of questions and she was very knowledgable and gave me a lot of tips for me to use back home. The decor/painting was amazing! My son loved it here and I plan on bringing my other two children here as well. I'm very picky about pediatricians and I'm very happy I've found this place!
