1	The name on this restaurant has changed.  It used to be Hometown Buffet.  After reading the reviews for that restaurant I can certainly understand why they would want to change the name if the owners are the same.  That part of it I have no clue.  However, food sounds the same.  There were two carts for salads.  One was the green salad bar and that was probably the best part of the whole restaurant.  The other salad bar had hardly any salads on it.  The bowls were spaced far apart to make it look like more.  They definitely need to add to this.  Other than that some of the food looked like it had sat around for awhile.  Roast was over cooked and dry.  Other meats looked as though they may have sat out awhile too.   Carrot cake was crusty.  We weren't impressed so obviously we won't be returning.
1	I went there thinking that it would be just like Hometown Buffet...BIG MISTAKE!!! The food was old and the salad bar looked used and abused.NEVER AGIAN!!!
4	I had breakfast today at JJ North's.  I started with a serving of green salad with thousand island dressing, and sliced beets.  I followed that up with a heaping pile of bacon and hash browns with gravy.  I closed out with scrambled eggs and sausage.  The food was well presented and tasty.  The bus staff was very attentive in removing dishes.  I look forward to my next visit.
4	Went there for breakfast with car club, about 15 people, Service was friendly and lots of standard breakfast fare, all hot and fresh. Variety of eggs, sausages, French Toast, pancakes, fresh fruit and coffee/fruit juices. Just show up hungry and you'll enjoy the place.
3	Ok, here's "J J North's Country Buffet".  This is apparently just a name only, that gets tacked onto various Buffets around the country.  They don't seem to have any locatable corporate headquaters anywhere, & Buffets, Inc.  (Hometown Buffet, Old Country Buffet & others) doesn't say "boo" about any "J J North's" restaurants on their Website.     :-OOk, so whatever "J J North's" is, what we have here is Hometown Buffet almost exactly as it was before, except that they have restored it in terms of management quality since my last visit here on 11/1/10 when they had dropped from 4 Stars all the way to two, being generous.Today I was joined by Ursula D., Robyn N. & Mike C.  The food selection is reduced some from when Hometown was at its best here, but there were also not too many diners & they can only put out food according to the business volume they currently have.  With that said, everything was served up attractively and kept properly stocked while we were here, the food & dining room temperatures were right,  everything tasted fine (especially the fried chicken, pork chops & the Hot Lava Cake!), and the staff was friendly.Now that this Buffet is back to completely "OK" overall, I hope they get back the customers lost when they allowed the quality of management to go down the drain, to where there were no spoons available, food was left slopped all over the place in the serving area & so on.  Then they can increase the food selection to include things such as cottage cheese, greek peppers & the other items they used to have, & return to 4 Stars!  Meanwhile, it's good to see things improving here.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet is $8.29/$7.79 Sr., and there's a Banquet Room that can accomodate up to 100 guests.
5	I was born in Tennessee and have found memories of my Granny's cooking and good country food isn't easy to find in these parts. My family and I found ourselves in Scottsdale and hungry for lunch so we stopped by JJ's and it became and instant family favorite! So much selection it's unreal. The price is amazing considering how much food you get! I have three growing boys so as a family we can go to JJs and really fill up. Now the food is southern, lots of fried chicken and the like so it's not the healthiest joint in town but if you have self control there are a lot of healthy options including a huge salad bar and lots of fresh fruit. Just steer clear of the desert corner because if you are like me you wont be able to resist! The large seating is great for a big and extended family outing and it's really child friendly.
2	When JJ North's took over what was an Old Country Buffet I assumed a smaller independent owner might be able to do something better. Nope, as hard as it is to believe it is actually much worse. Incredibly bland, poorly prepared, low quality food and very few items to choose from. DO NOT waste your money here - JJ's is for people who have already lost their taste buds and/or enjoy a $9 all you can barf lunch. Pathetic.
1	This place had no cars in the parking lot at 5 pm on a Monday. Must be closed.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =It wasn't a big surprise to see this Buffet close.  Five years ago it was a great Hometown Buffet, earning 5 Stars all around...  a big, corporate run store with lots of delicious food and zillions of cheery customers.  Even the big banquet room would be full!  Then the place began to slip.  The food selection got smaller and smaller, the staff morale went down, down, and the Stars slipped away, all the way down to 2, and that being generous.A makeover made the place into "JJ North's" here, and things improved a little, up to 3 Stars but nothing to rave about, for sure.  So now, it has fizzled out completely.  I don't think there's anything wrong with the location.  Maybe a new Buffet can open here, properly operated, and prosper.  Meanwhile, we have plenty of others to choose from.     :-))
