4	Honmachi Grill has great sushi. At least that's what my husband and his brother -- a self-proclaimed Sushi Expert -- think. I can't speak from first-hand experience on this as I myself am allergic to seafood :(But besides sushi, they have awesome Miso and great Yakisoba. With chicken, not shrimp.The atmosphere is pretty plain, but with food like this, who cares?!
5	If you are into dinner and a show then this is the place to go to for a great evening of food, wine, and entertainment., Teppanyaki cooking is also known as hibachi. In Japan, food preparation is an art form and teppanyaki is no exception. The chefs at the Honmachi toss their knives and the food in much the same way that Tom Cruise did glasses, cocktail shakers, and liquor bottles in the movie Cocktail, which has, since my visit to Honmachi, become less impressive. No offense, Tom, I hardly saw getting hit with a Lemon Drop as life-threatening, but what do I know. Despite the seeming dangers, which include all the above as well as a bit of a show with fire, it is actually very safe and a lot of fun to boot. The food is awesome and is cooked to perfection. The sushi is delectable (try the ahi sashimi -- it's always been my benchmark for good sushi -- you won't regret it), the steak melts in your mouth, and the seared ahi is amazing.In addition, try speaking a little Japanese when you're there. Don't be afraid of butchering it -- just think of the Styx song, leave off the Mr. Roboto part and you'll be in good shape. The staff all appreciate your trying to say thank you in their native language and will respond with a little Japanese themselves. All-in-all, I really like this restaurant and rank it right up there among my favorites in the Chandler area. My advice is to make a reservation before you go, if you want to be seated at a table with a teppan (the grill). Have fun!
4	I love this place.  $5.50 for an 8-piece spicy tuna roll.  The cashier was very friendly... and don't tell anyone... she gave me a free miso soup when I told her I had never tried it.Now don't just walk in the place and announce you've never had miso soup before.  I don't want this place going out of business from all the free-loaders out there.
3	Decided to try this place for lunch while I was in the area. The staff was very friendly and courteous. Being from California, whenever I go for sushi while traveling, my expectations are high. This place is not bad but not 4-5 stars good compared to other places I've been to in California and Hawaii. The service was excellent and that's a plus.
5	Honmachi rocks!Hubski and I live around the corner from this place, but we didn't know it existed until we were out on a walk one night and happened by. The sushi is reasonably priced, they have a happy hour we have not yet experienced, they have teppan yaki. They have got it all- except a lot of business.We regularly order the spicy tuna (I am such a spicy tuna snob), tuna, california roll, and salmon. All are delicious. A few nights ago I ventured to order the jalapeno poppers with spicy tuna. Wow. That thing should have a "might blow your head off" warning. They were tasty. You better be able to take the spice, but there were damned tasty.We'll be back. Hubski is trying to get the to increase business by instituting a poker night. "Poker and Poke"! (Tuna Poke, get it?)
5	Thanks fellow Yelpers!I was in AZ for the weekend visiting a girlfriend and we decided on sushi. I hit the Yelp site and based on the previous reviews gave Honmachi Grill a shot. It was excellent and I highly recommend it. My only complaint was that my Salmon Sashimi was sliced a little thicker than I normally like it but it was fresh and tasty. We also had the Smoked salmon roll, spicy scallop hand rolls, and the dynamite roll. The service was excellent and the prices were great. Each roll was less than $10. I plan to relocate to AZ by summers end and this will be my weekend sushi spot until I find something better.
5	We happened to be nearby and had not been here before. It was well worth it.  We wanted Teppanyaki primarily and got it.  Nice little place, very clean, and solid service.  We tried the chili shrimp app and a couple orders of nigiri for starters (yellowtail and tuna).  All excellent.  We eat sushi all the time and just wanted to get a feel for the quality of the sushi for future visits.  We ordered 2 teppan dinner entrees, the halibut and filet.  The chef was super friendly and did a great job.  The miso soup, salad, fried rice, and veggies were flavorful (awesome actually).  We requested medium for the halibut and medium rare for the filet and both were right on.  We eat well more than our fair share at restaurants and love trying different places but of course love our favorites.  We are realists when it comes to restaurants and expect quality ingredients, a clean place, responsive service, and tasty food.  We got all of that today and will be back.  The economy is tough and they deserve our business.
1	Drove by, they are closed :(
5	This place is not closed. it is right next to Valle Luna.
