2	The donuts here are pretty delicious. For disclaimer's sake, I wouldn't consider myself a donut connoisseur, but I am certainly an aficionado. They're small (thus the name), but that makes them a nicely proportioned indulgence, especially considering how extravagant some of the flavors can be (Maple Bacon, I'm looking at you). I find that they're fairly priced, with friendly and attentive employees. I really wish they had soy milk, though.I'd give a much more favorable review if the owner's politics didn't grate me so much. (For anyone who's wondering, check here: http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/09291/1006134-28.stm)It's a shame, because the politics overshadow the pastries.
4	The Good: 1. The donuts are, as Tara M. notes in her review, "pretty delicious".  The size is also excellent. They are little. 2. The coffee is K cup single brew, which makes for good coffee -  neither speedy nor great but good is way above the norm. 3. Woman at the counter was both nice and competent.The Bad: 1. 60's peace and love decor. I didn't like it in the 60s and I don't like it now. 2. There is little space and no place to sit. If they are successful buying a donut will be a nightmare. 3. The Weird: Tara, park your politics are the door and enjoy a pretty delicious donut. I'm giving them a 4. These donuts are GREAT!
4	FREE Sample to 1st Timers!  Ya can't beat that!    ;)I stumbled upon this joint by accident one day in Oakland and I'm glad I did!This particular location is "Peace Love and Little Donuts of Oakland".I spent some time talking to one of the owners of this location and it is a franchise.She and her husband operate *this* location and she was very nice!!So, the donuts are relatively small, but not like "One bite and that's it" small!They're more like 3-4 bites, worth  ;)It's kind of like the Cold Stone Creamery of the donut world.You tell them what kind of donut you want and they'll make it for you!One of the pics that i submitted show pictures of donuts on the top of the wall near the ceiling--these are Freakadelic donuts and they have alllll sorts of goodness on them!2 of our faves were the S'mores donut and also the Peanut Butter Chocolate Pretzel donut... yeah... delish!You can get any of the photo types (and I'm sure you can make up your own, too).Be advised:  These aren't your typical raised donuts (like at Dunkin') they are cake donuts.I recommend stopping in and giving it a try.While the Freakadelics, mentioned, were good...I'd stick to the classics like frosted with vanilla and sprinkles  ;)That was really my fave of the bunch!  ;)
2	These should be delicious doughnuts, unfortunately, after around 4 visits, they're generally stale and greasy. I think this probably has something to do with the store's haphazard location and also because I've literally never seen more than 3 or 4 people inside at any given time. Also, the doughnuts are small (which is cool), but also very expensive for what you get. Go to dunkin doughnuts or make your own.
5	In a world rather devoid of bakeries, I decided to give this place a try. In short, the doughnuts are excellent. Yes, they're smaller than the chain stores, but they're very rich and come in a lot of excellent flavors. The maple-bacon is my favorite, with the simple chocolate glazed coming in second. I haven't tried the coffee or anything else, but it's really neat to go into the store and watch them make the doughnuts.The main store is kind of out of the way from the main part of Oakland/Pitt, but this spring they've set up a little stand in front of the William Pitt Student Union on Bigelow Boulevard. I don't know how often they replenish the doughnut supply, or if they make them right there, for that matter, but I've been there for three weeks straight and they've always been fresh. If you're near the University of Pittsburgh and you have a sweet tooth, give this place a try!
4	I'm not one for sweets. I will take a bagel over a donut any day of the week. With that being said, a friend of mine wanted some Razzy Fresh and were on our way when we passed PL&LD and the sweet smell was so enticing...imagine if you could, passing a place with an aroma so sweet and comforting that you close you eyes are swept off you feet, floating towards the source. Well,  she couldn't help herself so we stopped in after getting our frozen yogurt.One of the friendly staffers asked if we had ever been to PL&LD, when we both replied no she gave us the option of a free sugar or glazed donut. At first i wasn't going to get anything but when I laid eyes upon the array of tiny treats, i quickly changed my mind. I ended up with a strawberry shortcake and samoa in addition to my free glazed. Because i was full from brunch and dessert, i took mine home with me. The strawberry shortcake was a bit messy and it probably should have been packaged separately but 5 hours later, it was still moist and delicious. Some may not like the price vs portion size, but i would much rather have 3 bites of a good donut instead of 6 bites of your average run of the mill sugary confection.
1	I wanted to like this place but the taste of hatred and homophobia soured the sweet. Now that I know about the owners beliefs and practices, I'm sad that I bought a dozen. But they will be my last.
2	Donuts are too small and expensive. They have some interesting flavors, but there are way better donuts out there.
4	Crunchy, crisp outside. Cakey, buttery inside. These donuts are pretty good plain. But add your dream combination of icing and toppings and you get amazing things like maple bacon donuts, or strawberry cheesecake donuts. As an avid snacker I like that I can go into PLLD for something sweet, and get enough to satisfy my craving without breaking $5. (or feeling TOO guilty about it after)
4	You can not eat just one of these doughnuts!!! a friend of mine put me down with this place and that was a huge mistake..I'm addicted.  The staff is very nice and the selection is amazing.   Love Love PLLD!!!! keep up the good work guys!!
1	Overpriced for such small donuts, even if they are tasty.I also found out that owner is very anti gay and calls homosexuals "immoral" . There are better donuts in town and better business owners..More info at... http://www.pghcitypaper.com/pittsburgh/the-hole-story/Content?oid=1342790
2	Even before learning about the proprietor's negative feelings toward the gay community, I thought these donuts were mediocre and way over-hyped.
5	So this franchise is not owned by the same guy who ain't about gay marriage. That one is in the strip district on Smallman street in case you are that adamant.I kept missing this place for some reason as I drove around forbes, its a lil easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled.I was going to a slumber party at a friends house and wanted to bring something that our kids would enjoy.I got 6 groovy donuts and they were soooo yummy looking and tasting. I really like the  concept of the store even if it costs a lil bit more than my beloved Dunkin Donuts.
5	For a girl that's not even into sweets, you know that this place has got to be good to get a 5 star rating from me!  The donuts are so adorable and I love the idea that they are customizable, in other words you get to "pick your topping".  I love the base donut, it's soft and cake-like.  The toppings are all so interesting.  We tried so many times to hit this place up in the past and it was always closed, but finally we hit the jackpot and got a cool half dozen:1.  cinnamon sugar - my favorite as it was just sweet enough 2.  powdered sugar - dusted just enough 3.  banana - tasty flavor4.  caramel macchiato - loved the taste of coffee5.  smore - topped with a cute marshmallow6.  white chocolate - definitely the most dressed up For all 6 donuts, the total was only $5, and we ate them in ONE DAY (can you say glutton?!).  Watch yourself, these donuts are so tempting!
5	This place was pretty rad! I want to explain my entire experience but I feel that you should experience for yourself instead of reading about mine. Try the Somoa & if you're feeling extra bold the Maple Bacon! The donuts may be small, but not bite sized. You get a good 3-4 (delicious) bites. To be honest, the donut is so sweet that you get your sugar fix pretty easy-- There's no need for a giant fancy donut & it's honestly not too expensive at all. I've said too much alreadyAlso, they are different owners than the strip district shop.
5	Amazballs! I love these little cake donuts.  The are yummy and crispy.  The folks that work there are SO friendly.  I love that you can customize the donuts however you can dream them.  Having said that the simple cinnamon and sugar really are my favorite!
5	I can't even begin to describe how much I love Peace Love and Little Donuts. The donuts may be little, but the consistency is fantastic, even when they go cold. You don't feel like you are eating a little donut at all! My favorite is the Maple Bacon a with the Oreo Cheesecake coming in second. You can't go wrong with any flavor though. One my favorite parts is that this location is peanut free (despite what a previous review may have said). As someone with a peanut allergy, its nice to go to a place like this and just try something you have never tried before because it looks good, and not need to worry about making sure the people who work there tell you all of the ingredients. This is the ONLY PLaLD location in the area that I know of that is peanut free. The only "downside" to this place is that when we ordered a donut cake for my birthday, it was essentially just a stack of donuts. On the plus side, for my birthday we had a STACK OF DONUTS!!!!! :)
1	I visited for the very first time and for the very last time today. I left without ordering anything because the owner snapped at me for asking him too many questions. I was only there for a few minutes. The owner needs to learn better customer service skills.
4	Overall, I was happy to find this place. The fact that the donuts are smaller is nice, and you can try a few different flavors without having to buy tons of full sized donuts. While the donuts themselves weren't the best I've ever had, the selection was outstanding and the donuts were overall very good. It's worth noting that we bought these donuts for a party and so we purchased two of the 12 assorted packs. The donuts were prepared and already sitting in a case, topped and ready to go. I'm not sure when they were made or if this impacted the overall taste. They were still good enough that I will be returning to try a fresh donut or two!Also, they were a total hit at the party, and the kids especially loved them!
5	So I have praised the deliciousness of peace love and little donuts in the strips but I would like to redirect you right here! To Oakland. First off there was no real wait which is odd after going to the other one so that worried me! It's a Saturday, it's gorgeous out, why is this place empty? Is it bad? Now I keep comparing it to the other one because this was my experience since I have never been to this one before I only had the other to go by maybe it will help you. But anyway at the other place what you see prepared is what you get. They are usually packed and running out of flavors, first come first serve. Here it was quite the opposite. I asked what flavors she had and she replied "what you see out and whatever flavors aren't out I can make for you" i was so excited! Oh and the air conditioning was a pleasant atmosphere since it was like 44% humidity lol. So I got Boston cream pie, Samoa, double chocolate, s'mores, stash berry cheesecake, and the treehugger (granola, maple one that really surprised me!) but needless to say everything was great, the service was nice, and it wasn't a pain to find parking. I'm pretty sure this is the one I'll be going to from now on. The service at the other one in the strip was really unpleasant I only went there for there donuts but not I realize this place is easier to get to&park, has friendlier people, and a better tasting donuts with a killer selection! Yeaaa.
4	This is one of those businesses that I've been meaning to review for awhile, but whose products I felt that I needed to sample again to evaluate fairly.  Yesterday, someone brought a dozen into lab meeting, providing me with just such an opportunity.I sampled two donuts, an oreo one and the infamous maple bacon frosted one.  The donut itself was of the cake variety, and was slightly crunchy on the exterior.  Alone, it wouldn't be very interesting, but the toppings and fillings are what make the donuts here interesting. The frosting on both the oreo and maple bacon donuts was tasty, with the maple bacon being the more interesting of the two.  The bacon on it consisted of small pieces of real bacon (not bacon bits), whose smokiness and savoriness was complemented by the sweetness of the maple frosting.  If you enjoy unique flavors, it's definitely worth trying!It's difficult to recall the types of donuts I've tried in the past, but I believe I've tried a chocolate variety and a lemon-filled one, and was favorably impressed by both (though I can't recall specifics since it's been over a year).  When I've bought donuts, service has generally been friendly and prompt.  My one criticism is that prices are a bit on the high side, as others have noted.  However, the donuts are more interesting than Dunkin', and their small size is useful for portion control, so I'd recommend giving them a try!
4	NOTICE TO FELLOW PITT STUDENTS: ik walking sucks but this place really isn't far past Dunkin! When it comes to donuts I think the best are either fresh out of the fryer and still hot, Krispy Kreme, or the newly famous "Kronut" (google it)! Though this place is none of the above, it does deserve a positive review for a few reasons.  1) The donuts: variety with actual flavor differences unlike Dunkin which really is more about colors (don't chocolate sprinkles really taste just like rainbow ones?). They are cake style and moist,  NOT dry like many fear!2) Made to order (the "Groovy" flavors at least)3) Local family business with friendly service where employees are excited to tell you  the story  behind their product. If you're in to trying new things and want a second to slow down and experience a creative food experience, check this place out!
3	Just doing a quick browse through the reviews, there seems to be people that either love it or hate it. I'm somewhere in between, but I honestly don't think I'll be returning.Stopped by today to treat myself (for nothing in particular). First impression, hippie-like(true to its name), no seats, and more importantly, no fryer going. It seemed pretty dead. I did see a Keurig in one corner.The concept is that you pick certain flavors and they assemble it for you on a old fashioned cake donut. I tried the Oreo Cheesecake and the Rainbow Jimmie and was very underwhelmed. It was just sweet, and nothing special in particular. The donut itself has been sitting out for awhile, and while I understand that toppings do melt if the donut is hot, the donut itself didn't seem fresh. Even though I think the idea of the store is cute, I didn't really think that the donuts were worth the price and calories.
4	Small donuts, large prices.  However, it was the only donut shop in Pittsburgh so it had to be done. The donuts blew my mind. I can't even describe how, but it's definitely worth what you pay since one donut is enough to keep you full till midday. You just have to take my word for it and go yourself.(but don't get the boring donuts like the vanilla...or the tree hugger)
