5	I love Zias.  I walk in there with the intention of buying one cd and leave with a handful.  The staff is pretty helpful but I rarely ask them for help.  The music they play is often too loud to shop but I won't give them bad marks for that.
4	Please.  Is there anyplace else to buys CDs in the Valley?  Its proximity to 50,000+ college students makes for a very good selection of used CDs.
4	The Tempe Zia is the best one around. The problem I have run into at its other locations is their inconsistency. Used CD's are cheap, but sometimes hard to track down. They have a good selection of posters and LP's, as well. In a city without much in the way of independent music stores, Zia is a lifesaver. Trade in your old CD's for cash and keep your ear out for good local bands, too.
3	pretty good place to buy or sell used books, CDs, movies, etc.i haven't really been since the advent of downloading, but i always favored Eastside over this place for atmosphere, authenticity of "record" shop and staff.
3	Coming out here from NYC, I was shocked to not find more record stories in a large college town. I thought that Zia would be more of a speciality store on first look and on seeing the pierced, punked-out, and gothed-out employees. True, the music on when I've been in the store has often been of the punk and black metal variety, but the store is well-stocked with all genres of music. I've gotten some pretty good deals here on music as well as on DVDs. My heart has never really warmed to Zia, however. Maybe it's because the selection is not as ecclectic as the store's image. I've rarely found a great deal there on more underground music or found rare albums. Coming from a music fanatic, Zia is a good record store, nothing more or less.
4	Although I stopped buying CDs a long time ago thanks to iTunes, I will always think of Zia in a fond way. I spent most of my college years purusing the aisles after class looking for hard-to-find classic records, box sets and new albums that I simply must have. I love the variety of the store and I'm always amazed at how knowledgable the staff is. They will talk to you for hours on end about  music. And the store is great for selling your old CDs when you want to make some extra money for that next road trip or for books for next semester or for some drinking money for the weekend even!
4	Zia covers my simple needs for finding Cd's in my era---late 60's through the 80's.I never have to wait to get help, as there staff is all over the place, and the selection of Cd's is terrific!  You can bye new or used Cd's, what's your preference?Location is easy to get to on University Blvd. and close to the happening Mill Rd district.If you are looking for DVDs, they have that too and Off-The-Wall Music and Videos for the diversified varied taste.  I might give it five stars if they offered me a latte' as I was shopping....lol
4	Zia rocks~!They always have the CD's I'm looking for and if they don't they will gladly order it. They buy my used CD's and do not scrutinize them with a huffy "my music taste is so much better than yours" attitude. Their rewards program is awesome, last time I was there I got $11.00 off my CD purchase. Woot woot! They also have a cool zine that can hip you to all the new music coming out and they list all the bands coming to the valley on their window in front. Nice!
4	I love Zia, used to work here when I was like 17, but the one in Phoenix.  You can find pretty much any band, and possibly used for cheap.  If it's not there they can order it.
4	Overall, Zia is a nice place to get CD's and movies.  I've had some negative experiences a few years ago, but nothing like that has happened since.  There used to be this air of snootiness with some of the cashiers, but I haven't encountered anything like that in a long time.  It was especially the case when trying to sell DVD's.  I was broke as shit and needed to sell off some movies and the dude I was dealing with told me a special features disc on a box-set I had was damaged, so I couldn't sell it as a box set and I got less money.  I watched the special features, like, ONCE and I take really good care of all of my DVD's, so what's the fucking deal?  I think they did it so that they could sell the movies individually and make more of a profit as they'd be easier to sell.  I know that's a ballsy claim, but look at my DVD collection.  Spotless.  It also used to be that your collection of music or movies would be scoffed at.  Don't scoff at me, motherfucker!  My taste rocks the shit, it's your taste that sucks, Mr. Avant-Garde-I-Only-Watch-Fellini-Followed-up-by-Jodorowsky.  If I want to be scoffed at, I'll try to sell Wal-Mart jeans to Buffalo Exchange.  Anyway, like I said, nothing like that has happened in a long time, so it's a lot more pleasant, less snooty.  Just so you know, this is not a place to buy new movies.  Their new releases are outrageously overpriced.  I've seen some Hollywood mainstream fare selling for like thirty bucks, when I know damn well at Best Buy it's probably going for like twenty at most.  Anyway, whatever, this is a place for used movies.  In reference to their movie selection, they don't have a lot of classic movies.  I couldn't find The Wild Bunch, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre or Night of the Hunter.  Depending on who sells what, some pretty decent shit will roll in.  It took about five visits, but they finally had Trainspotting and I snatched it up but quick.When it comes to music, they've had just about everything that I wanted.  It's easy and I've always gotten what I wanted from various musicians.  I'm not a big music geek, so I've never looked for anything too obscure.  I'm a movie geek.  I can't be both, I don't have the time for two obsessions, but I do love my music.  They have what I want, which may or may not satisfy your needs as a music geek.  They have T. Rex on vinyl for cheap.  I've seen some Tom Waits on vinyl.  Basically any artist I enjoy, they'll have their CD.  It does the job.One major complaint:  Every time I go to Zia, there's always, ALWAYS some goober who is standing so as to block an entire aisle and won't move his ass.  I don't like saying, "Excuse me," I think you should just know better and kindly move the fuck out of my way.  I know it's not Zia's fault, but goddamnit... every fucking time.
5	Realized as I was posting my review of Hoodlums that I've never actually reviewed my favorite place for CD shopping...You'll find me here a couple times a week when I get bored at work browsing for CDs and DVDs. They've also got VHS tapes, records and video games for all platforms. The selection is incredible, the prices are reasonable and the quality of their used stuff is top notch. Believe me, I've tried to sell them some scratched stuff over the years and they won't take it. The employees are super friendly and I absolutely love their rewards program, which is free. Membership comes with cool discounts -  and a wallet card or keychain tag (they give you both - you choose which one to use) that they ring up with each purchase - it's also how they track your store credit if you trade/sell them your used stuff, which I do. All the time.
5	Zia, Eastside and Bookmans are the Trinity when it comes to record stores and its kinda funny and convenient that Zia and Eastside they are like 100 feet away from each other. An AWESOME selection of used CDs and good selection of new. They have tons of DVDs and vinyl.  This is your stop for any CD/DVD needs. The Vinyl selection at Zia is better for your new vinyl needs and not so much for used classic vinyl.  Although the back ally parking is kinda sketchy and I can't get my wife to go with me. Plus its lock that there will be a bum out front asking for money. But its worth parking in murder alley and getting hustled by bums. Still 5 stars.
5	Zia Records is an awesome valley CD store which carries a wide range of every genre. Nothing is too specialized. They have used CDs on the cheap, they take trade-ins, and the place looks fucking cool. I have been to every single Zia Records in the Phoenix area, and the Tempe location is by far the best one. They have a very large general selection of music and they carry some more obscure music as well. Much more of a selection than any other Zia, especially for metal. They have all of your metal, from early 80's to the most heavy of death metal. They also carry a good amount of the post rock I listen to, which is good enough for me. But that's not really what Zia is for. New CDs are cheaper on the net. This place is for browsing the used CDs. I always come out with at least one or two.My CD rack is basically 25-50% used Zia Records albums. You can tell by the Zia Records sticker. Which leads to a complaint. Why do you put such difficult stickers on these things? Zia stickers are not easy to pull off and they are often numerous. They essentially will cost some work to get off cleanly or will ruin your jewel case.Oh yeah, the staff. They're definitely an odd bunch, but not like the other Zia stores. This location doesn't have the raw punk/metal types like all of the other stores. Instead, it seems to be about 50% hipster 50% punk. They're not super friendly nor are they overly customer service oriented. They'll do their job and help you out, but don't expect someone with a Lamb of God shirt to be ecstatic about helping you find the latest Radiohead CD, or vice versa. On the other hand, if you two are into the same type of music, you now probably have a new friend down at Zia.The only real negative about this store in specific is the parking. There is a tiny ghetto parking lot with signs plastered all over that you're trespassing on (some other store)'s property. What the hell?One more thing. Zia stores are open until midnight. No, I'm not lying. It's just that great of a chain.
3	I've been coming to this Zia since I was in the 7th grade. Since then, they've definitely beefed up their CD and DVD collections a bunch and you could literally spend a whole day just looking through different titles. I think they need to tone down the DVD collection a bit because it's JAM PACKED with crappier titles that no one seems to want and could be easily be found at a Best Buy or the likes. However, if you're looking for something particular or obscure, you'll find it here without a doubt. Another plus is that they do the "buy-sell-trade" thing which is always a reason to come back. The staff is always chill when it comes to finding what you need, chatting about different artists, or ordering something if they don't have it. This place is as much a staple of the Valley's music scene as much as any of Phoenix's music venues that have been around for more than 10 years.
4	This store reminds me of what Zia's was most like originally.  It's funky in a kind of college town type of mentality.  They have never been  cheap. They have a really interesting selection of used whatever.  Truly there is something for anyone who might come in off the street-CD's, magazines, DVD's, videos....  The service is surprisingly good and I always appreciate that.  I never get the" you have gray hair and are old" attitude.To give you an idea of why I appreciate this store in particular was what happened when I was shopping there.  There was a college age guy waiting in front of me waiting to pay.  Out of nowhere his friend ran up and pulled his pants to the ground.  Ever hear of the word commando?  The guy who at this point was blushing just slightly lighter than a red light, grabbed them and pulled them up.  His girlfriend was laughing so hard I thought she was going to choke.  He then paid and the three of them left all laughing.  Standing behind me, a man my age-50's-thought what had happened was shocking.  I just smiled.   I was at the Zia's just off campus in Tempe.  I graduated from ASU.  I've seen worse.
3	LOL, this place has been around as long as me! I went in recently to do a trade/sale. It stunk like incense soooo bad! Sorry not everyone can handle it. They have a good selection of oddball stuff. If you want something out of the norm this is a good place to check. Selling items to them can be done, but you will probably get more on ebay or at a yardsale. If you trade for credit you get more. Give it a try!
5	you cannot go wrong at zia. brought hubs there because he's huge on old school punk and so i knew he would be able to find some gems at zia.  good for zia, bad for our bank account-we left there $200 bucks lighter, and that's even with the awesome guy at the counter telling us about some reward program where you get points and it helps you get cds half off or whatever (the guy figured it out for us cuz he was AWESOME).  we got like 23 cds or something tho, so obviously it was a good deal oh, i got two of my friends some gifts from there too-zia is a good place for random fun gifts. we had to buy 2 cds new ( i HAD to replace my mudvayne cd for the ride back to cali!) and it was cool they had those in stock.
3	ZIA has a nice atmosphere, but they are just A-OK. They have great deals on old/used media, but I think most of the hype over this place stems from free thinking college students who want to like something 'different' so they over rate this place for the ambiance...not necessarily for the quality/prices/service in general.I love you ZIA! You are A-OK in my book :)
3	"Show him where the classical section is.  No wonder you missed it, it's small."  The words that usually make me weep.  As far as used media stores, this has a fun college vibe and things are only slightly dusty/grimy (you know, that feeling of grease and dust and cooties you get after sorting through a few dozen used CDs).  Truly, it looked like the Classical sign had decayed and fallen off.  There was a nice CD that I got of a modern woodwind quintet looking like Madonna-ish prostitues on the street holding their instruments suggestively.  I wonder where they are today.  Some good showtune/movie selections.  Otherwise really minimal to offer me except the random scan once/year to get a few CD's all taped up with scotch tape and old sticky labels that take forever to scratch off with my chewed down fingernails.
3	I had some extra time on my hands today so, being a huge music junkie, I decided to check this place out. I was overwhelmed upon walking in and received no help. It was really hard for me to find the used section. After searching I came to the conclusion that everything was mixed together. It definitely has nothing on Rasputin and I was extremely disappointed in the selection of used music. They did have some pretty good DVD deals and the guys that worked there were hot so for those reasons I'd return.
3	they don't give you very much money for quality, used media. but you can definitely find some real gems here. Ex) Thin Lizzy - Jailbreak, Tom Waits - Raindogs, ZZ Top -Tres Himbres -- all $5 NEW!pretty sweet selection of vinyli must say though, staff could afford to be friendlier
1	This place is an absolute dive, I thought it would have been better from other reviews. Zia Records doesn't really have anything exclusive or exciting that will make me tolerate the ambience of the store. The prices aren't really competitive either, and some of the jewel cases were cracked and broken. I wanted to find some CD singles, I only found one and it wasn't in great condition and they wanted $7.99 for it, yeah no. The store is also very tiny and crowded and the media selection is very poorly organized. Anyways, I'm done with record shops, I haven't found any around that offer merchandise that you're only otherwise able to find online. As much as I would love to purchase music in person, I think I'll stick to Amazon and eBay.
4	Zia always has the latest Ben Harper albums...so I go there when I know one is coming out...I can't find his albums just anywhere unfortunately.The staff would be much cooler if I worked there...but for the most part they're cool.  There are a couple of guys there that are very knowledgeable in movies and one in certain music genres...you just gotta find your favorite employee to help you out.  The one that'll give you an honest opinion before you buy.I don't like that there's usually someone nearby getting ready to ask me for change when I leave the door.  In downtown Tempe...It's abnormal not to get asked though.The one thing I'd like to see is more space or at least some more shows.  I think they have enough room in the parking lot to hold a show or two out there...but maybe it's a permit thing.  It just seems that the other locations get the good shows.It's almost a weekly ritual for me to go there on Monday night @ 11:59pm and pick up the Tuesday new releases and buy them @ midnight.  They're very West Coast like that.
5	I'm pretty sure if I went to Zia on my day off I would spend the whole day wandering the aisles looking at just about every cd in the store. I know not too many people buy cd's anymore but I do and I love that Zia has so many- new and used. I've bought a few used cd's here and they've all been in solid condition. The staff is always willing to help you but if you say you're just browsing they get it and leave you to it. I like that about them, a lot. I also appreciate the fact that they sell tickets for a lot of local shows, saves you the online order fee and will call line frustration. Plus you have an excuse to go buy more music!
2	Zia Records boldly refers to itself as "The Last Real Record Store", a slogan that they proudly display on their windows.  This statement might be true if your idea of a record store is a place where you can buy a "Sarcasm: Just Another Free Service That I Offer" t-shirt along with brand new DVDs.  Located mere steps away from a non-chain local only record store that's slowly going out of business I feel like Zia's slogan is a slap in the face to all the non-chain record stores in the Phoenix Metro area who don't charge through the nose for vinyl.Zia tries very hard to have a college town street corner vibe but it's somehow lost among the bobble heads, florescent lighting and Misfits memorabilia.  It's not all bad though, the staff is pretty friendly and CDs are priced reasonably.  However, that doesn't make up for the out-right lie that is their slogan, the fact that they're a chain business trying so hard to pretend they're not and the prices of the vinyl.  I'll get my Happy Bunny shirt and my X-Men Origins Wolverine Blu-Ray elsewhere.
5	What a fantastic music store!! They carry every type of music in here, as well as DVDs, records, posters, toys, magnets, and apparel. What I really love about Zia is that they carry Metal music. I usually cannot find any of the bands that I listen to at any other music store. So it's nice to know instead of going on a manhunt to find something that is more or less unique chances are that I can go here and usually find it. And if I can't find it here they have no problem ordering it for me. I've always enjoyed shopping here and will continue to do so as long as I live in this area.
4	In today's age of impersonal cookie cutter places to buy music such as Best Buy, Target, and FYE, a place like Zia really stands out.  The place is wall to wall with music (and movies) which makes it a little cramped sometimes, but that's just how I like my record store to be. I myself, love listening to Vinyl records, i love the scratchy, 'dirty' sound of a record...to me that will always beat a cd, and definitely an Mp3.  Thus, I come here often to buy vinyls and Zia has a pretty awesome selection...and very reasonable prices.  My last find was a Jan Hammer vinyl record that was the soundtrack to Miami Vice in the 80s...awesome 80s techno beats, Im a big fan of the show and loved the score,so that was a really great find for me.  I also purchased "Born In The USA" by Springsteen for only 1.99$, one of the best records of all time, in vinyl form, for less than 2bucks?? helll yeah!  This place also has unique releases that only record stores will get such as a special two song Vinyl release by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers a couple months ago, so stop in sometime, you never know what treasure you'll find ;)
5	Fun music store...what music stores should be. It reminds me of Empire Records. Fun finds and they have new and used...mostly used though which is great because you can find a great variety of new and old music at better prices! They do sell records here but I usually only look for fun since I don't have a record player. They also have an amazing selection of movies. I have sold/traded here a ton in the past...cash won't get you nearly as much as trade though FYI... I really enjoy walking around ZIA. I like that they have a loyalty card too.
5	I heard about this place a few months ago on the radio while at work. So i decided to pay a visit. It was pretty easy to find the CD's i wanted, a few they didn't have but i was super happy about the ones they did have! They have a bunch of funny/unique toys, accessories.The employees are friendly and fun to talk to. And everything is super cheap! Best part about this place. I could go to Best Buy and spend $20 on a new CD, or come here and spend $25 on 6 used but not damaged CD's.This place is awesome and I'd recommend it to anyone.
4	Solid used music store. This location is my favorite. I shop here a few times a month and I can almost always find what I am looking for used. That rocks. The people that work here are awesome, as they have been for the last 15 years. They keep getting younger, but they are always quick to help me find something, and don't up their noses at my weird taste in music. If I buy Foster the People, Atmosphere and Apparat on the same day I don't want any flack. They also have a decent vinyl selection and will order stuff for you if you ask nicely.
5	If you're a savvy shopper, you normally think of local and independent businesses as often charging higher prices than a more commercial chain. Not true in this case. Zia Records is one of my favorite businesses in Arizona because the prices are competitive and many times cheaper to that of BestBuy, FYE, Target, etc. Not only are they going to have what you want, but they will have things that you never DREAMED of finding in a music store. It's not unusual to overhear another shopper of yelping for joy after finding something unexpected; I am guilty of this MANY times. Not only is their selection almost unmatchable, but they offer a great used selection as well for the budget shopper. The staff has always been extremely helpful to me. Whether it's placing in a special order, researching for information, or making recommendations based on your taste, the Zia staff has always delivered.
4	One thing you will notice about Zia's, they really work to great everyone who comes into the store, and that is, I think, indicative of the overall spirit of service you can expect to find in this store filled with a surprising cast of beatnik, bearded, tattooed, and pierced staff that you will find at this emporium of music and cinema. Some items are a bit pricey but wonderfully fun to drift through the isles and see what you can find in the used section of the store. I'm more of a cinema person myself and just picked up a blue-ray and a DVD video last night (sort of a payday tradition for me). Even better, when I've compiled too many movies in my personal collection, I can take them down to recycle them into the used section and have more credit to spend on other new items in the store.Though I'm not remotely beatnik in appearance (firmly a member of the establishment in appearance) I've always been warmly greeted and welcomed by the delightful staff at Zia's and consider it to be an important and unique part of the downtown Mill experience.One thing I would like to see them do, and maybe I've overlooked it, is carry some actual vinyl albums, but there is only so much space, but that seems like it would fit with the overall ethos of this fine establishment.
5	I love taking trips over to Zia. And I've been making those trips since the 80's! The thing you have to keep in mind is not to have your pursuits set on finding that one particular item. If there's a DVD title I've been searching for I'll have a few others I've been hoping to pick up as well. If you make enough visits over the course of a year you'll eventually come across everything you could possibly desire. I have to give Zia credit for staying current. A lot of record/movie stores (Tower Records, Borders) failed in recent years when they denied trends that were taking place within the industry and with consumer ideals. Zia switched out from leaning heavily on CD profits to shoring up sales with DVD, video game, vintage LP's and various gift items.What else has changed? The snooty, elitist, unapproachable employees have mostly been replaced. The 90's employees acted as if they were to good to be there and rarely made eye contact. With the recession comes a more eager to help crop of employees. Thank goodness for that.As far as Zia's ever expanding collection of both used and new DVD's, there is entire section of Criterion special edition discs. Brazil, Videodrome, The Last Emperor, The Killing and Fellini's 8 1/2 were all there recently. I picked up Stanley Kubrick's The Seafarers over there and I'm pretty sure I'd only seen that for sale on Amazon. I also scored a used copy of Yushiro Ozu's The Floating Weeds. Talk about a rare find!
5	I heart Zia. Always find what I'm looking for, no matter how random. For instance, last trip was in search of Bill Cosby on vinyl (my husband is an old guy, what can I say...) but they had it!
5	STAFF IS GREAT. They are helpful and give fair value on trade items. Also fun to talk with. This location is good for finding rock and metal. Two of the staff members Marcus and Brendan are two of the most knowledgeable when it comes to the screamy-shouty stuff. good used vinyl. CHECK condition. this is the best location to score indie stuff. While the chandler store will have way more titles on cd at $2.99, the Tempe store has better stuff. more imports. more rare cd singles and maxi-singles. Jazz cds are okay. Jazz vinyl not so much. they do have some solid reissues. The country section is small but well stocked on wax and cd. hiphop could be better but if yuo enjoy turntablism and underground hiphop this is your store. Again, to sum up this is the best Zia in town. To all the people complaining about getting ripped off on credit, hate the game not the player. The zia points program is cool, asis the 20% coupon for filling out the survey online.
5	Perfect for music lovers of all ages who are on a budget. Lots of cool posters and huge selection of CDs, records, and DVDs.
4	Wow, Zia records, this place has been here for such a very long time now. They even opened one in Phoenix.The great thing here is you never know what you will find at a Zia location.Since people bring in their own things to sell , and trade, you find all sorts of cool items here.The staff is great and they will even order things for you if they do not have it in stock. I mean where else would this happen???The parking has always been a little tight. But, the cool thing is they are open 7 days a week until 12:00am. Yes, midnight. Awesome right!!!
4	The vinyl selection wasn't too bad but there seemed to be more in bins on the floor than organized on the racks. The jazz section was pretty small but I did find a Vince Guaraldi record I wanted (black Orpheus) in great shape. The prices are reasonable. Parking was good. Return policy on new vinyl is a bummer but they were nice people so I imagine if there was a defect on the new stuff that they would rectify it. I didn't want to take the chance though. I ended up getting a handful of LPs for a good price! My main gripe would be the fact that I wouldn't last more than 15 minutes in the shop due to the heavy incense smell. Sadly, it made me nauseous. Otherwise a great little shop. I especially like how friendly these guys are. Thanks!!
3	Good place.  Been going there for years.  Their used vinyl quality is going down.  Be careful what you buy.
4	Great store! Not as much vinyl as I would have liked but they have every other type of media you could think of. Cool atmosphere. Open till midnight. Good vibes. Recommended.
4	I shed a few tears when I saw this location close. It has been my music staple store since the 90's (yes I am that old now). Good news though kiddos! They will be opening the doors again as a "Clearance Location" within a few weeks!!!
3	Zia Records! I had no idea it had closed during my 12 year stint living in Washington DC, but since moving back a few months ago and working in Tempe...zia has reopened this location. I went in recently and bought 2 used Cds...yep cds. The guy at the register was friendly and although I have changed, zia still is the same. It's awesome that a store of this nature still exists.
1	I went in to this location with my three year old tonight to return a warped record that I had bought earlier in the day at the Camelback location. I viewed their return policy on the website before going to make the return. The website states that a return/exchange can be made at any location. I went up to the counter to make my return and there was a bearded guy behind the counter. I told him that I needed to return the record and he gave me a dirty look and asked "where did you buy this?" with an attitude. I told him at Zia and he asked which one. I told him where and he stuck the record out and said again with an attitude "well then you need to bring it there."  I asked why considering that the website stated that returns could be made at any location. He said that because the store had recently changed into an outlet that they couldn't take it. I didn't even know that it had become an outlet. He was still giving me attitude so I asked him why he was giving me this attitude. Words were said back and forth between us until the store manager intervened and got in between us like he was trying to break up a fight. He took the record from the employee and was holding it. Instead of being professional and telling the guy behind the counter to go cool off he proceeded to tell me that I could go to a different store that they had just opened. I told him that I couldn't make it there right then and how this was ridiculous.  I then noticed the guy behind the counter was staring daggers at me so I asked him why he was still acting like this. He then started to behave in a manner that I can only compare to a high schooler that wanted to fight. He and the manager both said I "better do this and better do that".  The guy behind the counter and manager said something to the effect of "taking this outside". I then said to them "what the f are you going to do?"  I was told that they were going to call the cops on me and I told them to do it. They did not. There was profanity going back and forth between us and the guy behind the counter said something about how I was acting in front of my daughter. Why is that his business? If anything I'm showing her how to deal with an insignificant asshole who works at a record store and probably will for the rest of his life.  At this point another employee who had nothing to do with any of this came over and started chiming in as well. I was then trying to leave  because I had had enough and attempted to get my record from the manager who wouldn't let go of it. I tried taking it from him three times before I told him to give me my f'n record. Then the third guy who came over told me that I wasn't allowed back. Really? Did you really think I was going back to your shitty record store? I'll do you one better, I won't shop at any of Zia's stores anymore. Maybe they should think about hiring competent workers and managers and not hipsters?
1	I called their "corporate office" at the end of December and never got a response back. I figured maybe they would care that their employees are unprofessional and are probably losing money for the company. I guess they don't.
1	They do have some cool stuff,I'll give them that much. The pay out for the top shape stuff I was selling them was laughable. I made waay more selling it on amazon than what they offered me.EVERYTHING is over priced and a good portion of the staff was rude. I won't be coming back anytime soon. As for the guy that was a total jerk to me.Keep in mind that you're a grown man working in a record store that you don't own.Your parents must be proud.
4	We used to live by this location so we went here often.This is one of those amazing places where you can find something that stirs up crazy memories whather it be a movie you'd totally forgotten about, or an album that you'd long misplaced that played a pivotal part in your life.Their prices are great, really they cant beat for most things. Ive watched their vinyl section grow over the years as well as their local section. You can find some really awesome stuff in there (Redfield!). My fave section was always the TV DVDS though. So much cheaper than the conventional places that youd usually buy things like that. Zias buyers really do a good job of looking for stuff that's not too worn and in really good condition. Weve never had a problem w/ anything we've bought there and 90% of that has been used.The staff here is great. They're always very nice, and helpful. They may look like a bunch of punk kids... some of them actually are "punk" kids, but really, so nice.Go here. Often. And if you sign up for their Z-Card, don't forget it like we always used to!
5	This location was amazing! At first I was completely thrown off because it said all CD's $2 and I thought they were going out of business, but that is not at all the case.This is obviously their clearance store and they have a TONE of the older music that I live for! They also a pretty nice selection of vinyl, which is honestly what I love the most!!! They may not have the newer stuff, but they do have a lot of the classics for a price that you just can not beat. personally I would still rather go and buy a vinyl album over downloading a song any day. I have found that most of the time the best songs on an album are the ones you never here on the radio any way. So if you don't buy the album and take the time to listen to it, you are probably missing out on one of you new favorite songs.My mom would say that music is the heart beat of life, and she was right!
