4	I needed a place that was quiet and clean for a quick overnight in the area.  This place was perfect.  The staff was extremely helpful and accommodated me with the quietest, most remote room in the hotel.The shower was awesome (good pressure, shower head, and plenty of steamy hot water), and the bed was uber comfy.I would have appreciated a small continental breakfast for the price, but at least they offered a really nice breakfast for around $10.
4	This hotel is a good value for the location and the amenities. Checking in was simple and quick. The staff was very helpful and knowledgable. It's a good place to stay for fans coming to watch spring training games or any of the various sporting events within the Greater Phoenix area. It's far enough to save on price but not to far to take too long to arrive. My only reason for the one less star is because of the shower. It has the arc shower pole which is a nice feature but not if the inside shower curtain doesn't reach the tub. This caused water to get all over the bathroom floor and had to waste towels to clean it up. I hope the Marriott can fix this to make the stay a lot better.
2	I stayed at this Marriott while visiting my family. It's priced right and the staff was very accomodating however, I will not be staying here again. The property was filthy...there were ants everywhere, the rooms were dirty and the worst was the pool. Just thinking about it is giving be goosebumps. The pool was lined with algae and dirt and around the pool was even worse. There were bee's and other bugs all over the place, cigarette's, ashes and debris all over. I even saw someone cleaning the pool who did retrieve some of the large leaves, etc. out of the pool but completely ignored the grime that had built up over probably years of negligence. They didnt bother to sweep or spray off around the pool and therefore I couldnt even bring myself to sit in the sunshine or walk without shoes on. We tried to enjoy a cup of coffee on the courtyard between the two properties and I had to stand because of how dirty everything was.
5	This Courtyard has been recently remodeled with their new(ish) lobby concept and refreshed rooms. It is almost like checking into a new hotel. The employees were friendly and helpful. Wifi was fast. TV had great selections. The hotel shares a courtyard with the Residence Inn. It is down the road and across the street from a newer strip mall with great restaurant selection.
5	My wife and I checked in on Easter afternoon for 1 night. We were in a King room on the 5th floor.We were very impressed with the customer service at check in, the recently renovated room and the overall cleanliness of the property.This is a renovated property which sometimes makes me laugh at some hotels use of the word "renovated" only to find a new shower curtain and carpet. This property was done right. The room is set up different than any other courtyard we have stayed, the bathtub was completely removed and replaced with a very large nice shower. We very much enjoyed our stay and can tell the property is managed well.
5	I am here for a business trip and couldn't be more happier. The business rooms are large and comfortable. The food is much better than other hotels with a larger menu, there is also a Starbucks in the bistro. The pool is average sizes with lots of seating around it. Extremely friendly staff that are accessible and and helpful. I would definitely stay here again, business or not.
5	Had an amazing stay here at Courtyard Marriot.  Skylar & Daniel and the tech support lady were  awesome.  Comfortable stay, definitely Marriott quality.  Great deal too!  (Dem Priceline deals)I would highly recommend staying here.  The cost/value ratio isbreally excellent,  although I was left wanting a few things (like a cont. Breakfast would have been MAGICAL), but overall, I can't complain.  The pool was fantastic, the hot tub was nice and the shower was decent.  Now for the dislikes...the TV was...kinda awful.  Considering how affordable a good quality TV set is, I'm surprised they didn't upgrade this to a more acceptable level, but oh well.  One thing I can definitely take away from the bad TV was the fact that I was able to focus on giving my Wife some much needed attention.  So yeah, a lot to like here.  The only other dislike were the random Roaches/Beetles/Grasshoppers/Crickets around the pool area, but given the area we were in, we can't possibly blame the Hotel for such a thing, so it's more of a dislike of the general Arizona nightlife.  So, if you want a great deal and a very nice stay, by all means, book this hotel!  (On Priceline. );-)
4	This is the second Marriott courtyard that I stayed in this week. Hotel room is a little old and the it seems clean. The staff was friendly upon check in and the lobby area looks like it was recently remodeled. Pretty trendy area too. The pool and hot tub look cool at night too. My two complaints are that the air-conditioning in the room is WAY too loud in the rooms and they so not have the NFL network which means that they do not get Thursday night games. Why would I complain about that you might ask ......  Well, the are sponsored by the NFL and that fact is posted everywhere within the hotel. Even on the room keys. Since that is the case, don't you think that they would at least show the games?  Anyway, the reason I am ranking them on the lower side is because the a/c is so loud that it will wake you up when it kicks on. It was not possible to get a good night's sleep when it kicks on. I guess I could have turned it off but since this is phoenix and it was 100 degrees today that didn't seem like such a good idea.
