4	Mmmm Rubio's is my weakness. Food here is far more fresh than the one at 40th st & Thunderbird. It's never too crowded and the employees here are nice. My only downside is that I live south of it, so I have the choice of crossing Tatum or Bell Rd, both of which are a constant flow of traffic, so it takes forever. But it doesn't really matter, I just love the food man.
5	I agree with a prevous poster who says this Rubios is the best in the area. The employees are super friendly and nice. Between my kids and myself, we usually make tons of modifications:( hold this, add that etc.)...I always order the chipotle ranch chicken salad (minus chicken and cheese w/ dressing on the side)..they always take my order without batting an eyelash and ALWAYS get it right..my salad is always crisp and fresh and we probably take out from Rubios 3 times a month...
5	Love my chicken balsamic vegetable salad @ Rubio's. Load it up with extra veggies (onions and cilantro, pickled jalapenos) and as much salsa as you want at the salsa bar.
5	$1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday that taste like good quality fish.  A couple cold Coronas and it don't get much better for the price.  I'm definitely a fan.
4	What can I say, Rubio's rocks.  I can go to almost any of them and they are very graceful and accommodating to my diet needs.  This one is on the way to my kids old school, so I could stop here and get some to go items.  The manager and employees are very nice.
3	We're out of towners, and we were looking for someplace to bridge the gap between fast food and real Mexican food.  Rubios. was a nice quick fix.  We split a two taco plate and thought the ingredients were reasonably fresh. (way better than that Taco Bell place) and the service at this location was VERY friendly and helpful.  We thought the serving of beans was pretty minimal, and the salsa was lackluster, but acceptable, but the tacos were great.  Wouldn't go out of my way to find a Rubios, but in the fast food market, definitely a strong option!
5	I love love love Rubios!! The food taste fresh and is always great. I usually get the chicken tortilla soup with a health mex chicken taco. The soup is loaded up with chicken, cheese, pico de gallo, rice, avocado on top along with chips and lots of tasty flavors!! The chicken tacos are by far the best tacos.... well I guess that not fair to say because I have never tried any other taco because the chicken tacos are that good!!!!  If you like fresh inexpensive mexican style food then you will absolutly love Rubios!!!!
3	Cool spot.  Was craving something after a day of shopping and I saw that this was close by.  I wish I was still a pescatarian because they have so many dishes with fish or seafood!  I ordered the Grilled Gourmet Portobello & Poblano (no bacon) Tacos with Rice & Beans to go.  I loved that the tacos had lots of pieces of avocado in them (Caribbean girl alert!)  The food had a nice flavor, but I asked the girl to substitute flour tortillas instead of corn and she forgot.  Rice was also a bit mushy.  I'll try the chips next time.  Portions are small for the price.
5	I was craving a fish taco and this place was exactly what I was looking for! The tacos were creative and fresh. I loooooved the soy ginger fish taco. I would definitely come back again!
4	Ok, so we know it's a chain and have seen plenty of locations everywhere. I'm giving a full 4 stars for this location because of the manager on duty the day I visited. The employees were all kept busy and the orderliness of the place showed that. I was hesitant to try the fish tacos because I'm just getting into fish (kinda) and usually chicken-out, literally, when it comes to tacos! But, the manager was so friendly and helpful and descriptive of what I would find when I tried the special, that I couldn't resist. Glad I couldn't! Delish, even for being "slightly fishy", and a nice spicy flavor with the mango salsa relish stuff!
2	I don't see the big deal about this place! Food it ok. A little over price for what you get!
3	Came here for a quick lunch on Christmas Eve. After running around doing errands, we were looking for a quick place to eat. We did not want a sit-down-eatery, but we did not want a super-fast-food place (think: golden arches). Perfection: Rubio's. For those East Coasters, Rubio's is chain Mexican Grill, similar in style to Panera. Aka: you order, they cook your food (cook, not microwave fast-food-style), and then you pick it up at the counter. I got the popular fish tacos (with guac and cheese). Mine was very tasty, I would definitely order it again. I would give these tacos a 4/5 in terms of "quick" Mexican! We also got the Atlantic salmon tacos. Not good. Very fishy and very little meat. The chips and black beans were good, so it made the whole trip a 3. I would come back for a quick lunch! The service was very friendly. The attendant at this Rubio's actually brought our food to our table! Great service!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this location. I wouldn't call Rubio's "authentic" by any means but if you are looking for a quick fix for your taco cravings it will do the trick.The food is pretty good. I adore their poblano and mushroom tacos. Not many places serve veggie tacos so this makes me happy. These tacos are stuffed with grilled poblanos, portabellas, fresh avocado, cilantro, and queso fresco. Plus the taco shell has cheese crisped on to it. It is a surprising and tasty twist. I have always liked their beans and before I discovered their tacos I would get a plain old bean burrito.My husband always gets fish tacos or burritos and always says they are good.Their salsa isn't the best but they have a few different kind of varieties.Portion sizes are kinda flimsy especially their side items...Service at this location is awesome! The lady running the register is sooooo nice and seems extremely competent.  They also sell beer which is nice for a fast food establishment. I haven't imbibed yet because I always order takeout but I saw a sign that said all beer is $2.50 in the evenings. Hmmmm... I might have to come back for that.Give Rubio's a chance- they might surprise you.
5	Mango Habanero tacos. Amazing. The employees here saw that we were hungry, and they were slammed. I was so elated when they swung by and gave my boyfriend and I a total of 4 free meal coupons out of a thank you. A little patience goes a long way, and so does gratitude for your customers. Best Rubio's ever! :)
5	Knock out catering for large doctors offices!!! Always delicious, healthy, on time with rave reviews from office staff and doctors who attend. Todd bends over backwards to make sure everything is perfect and you can contact him in the middle of the night and he'll do his best to make it happen. Well maybe not the middle of the night but I've texted him at 8:30 at night and he's been supremely helpful!
5	I love Rubio's Original Fish Tacos.... I don't think you can beat them... the fish was very fresh in it (not fishy tasting).  Tried the Sangria and corn roasted guacamole for the first time and will have them again!!  For fast food fish tacos, THE BEST!!!!  And the manager was very friendly!!
2	I'm typically a fan of Rubio's.  I've been to many of their locations.  However, this one disappointed.  I ordered:Steak Burrito Especial, $6.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-5?select=ZOzRhgzHjp_MipYqG2Kn6A#ZOzRhgzHjp_MipYqG2Kn6ASteak Street Taco, $1.89http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-5?select=4KJ_NtL5G2EXKqIca2zehA#4KJ_NtL5G2EXKqIca2zehAThe food came out in a short time.  While I was waiting, I went to the Salsa Bar to grab a few cups of their spicy Salsa.  The first item I ate was the Steak Street Taco....the meat was dry and Guacamole was bland.  I poured a lot of the Salsa on it to add flavor and give it some moisture.  Very disappointing.Next, I had the Burrito.  That was dry too!  Even with the Sour Cream in the Burrito, it was dry...the Steak, Rice, Beans...all was dry.  Needless to say, I used a heavy dose of Salso on that as well.  To make it worse, the Chips that came with the Burrito were 1/2 fresh & crispy and 1/2 were covered in oil or stale...so they were chewy...that means they combined new, fresh Chips with a batch of old ones....bummer.One positive thing is that the service here was outstanding.  The cashier was very friendly and had a nice, welcoming smile.  I also watched a customer complain that one of the sodas was out of syrup on the machine....the employee sincerely apologized and quickly remedied the situation by replacing the empty container with a new one.I'll have to come back and give this place another try, it may have been an off day for them.Return Factor - 60%
5	I always come to Rubio's for Taco Tuesday. The service is always friendly with a smile and super polite! The restaurant is always kept clean and the salsa bar stocked. Keep it up you guys rock!
5	The fish tacos are delicious. They have good unsweetened mango tea. The manager and employees are super friendly.
4	We had family in town and I didn't want to cook. I get tired of pizza or subs for larger groups (10 of us) and wanted something fairly healthy. I thought of Rubio's and wasn't disappointed! Everything was ready on time, and our burritos and salad were delicious. I'll definitely use Rubio's again for my catering needs.
4	They changed the recipes for some of the items at this chain. I usually just get the Healthmex burrito here if I visit. The chicken is always white and lean and it comes out to $7.03, so bring a few pennies with you. It just has chicken, black beans, rice and some kind of sauce on the burrito. Always free chips. This location has a decent patio out front, but the tables are too close together in some instances. Salsa bar could use a new recipe as these same four salsa's have been gracing the bar since ten years ago. Only the green and the chipotle are worth eating and the onions have way too much parsley or cilantro - they should separate the items. Still, it's always a good guaranteed, know what your getting kind of place.
4	Been going to Rubios since they first appeared in the valley! This location is especially consistent in quality food and service.  Love the fish tacos and their selection has really grown!  Yummy.
1	I have been waiting on a to go order for about 45 minutes.,... Still waiting..This is not my first experience at this rubios. Last time I was here and found a hair in my food so I stopped eating it. Later that night I found myself throwing up over the toilet for about 6 hoursNEVER COME TO THIS RESTAURANT
4	Good place for a quick taco or two and nothing is too expensive. The kids menu is great and it's also nice to sit, it's not exactly a sit down restaurant but it's also not fast food. However The Sandbar at desert ridge is more or a sit down type of place and they have a great bar! Highly recommend if you like "Mexican grill" type of food.
1	Never eat here. They got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up.
2	This was the first time I came here and it was OK. The chicken was flavorful but the salsa were definitely lacking. Also, kind of on the expensive side considering it's a " fast causal" type place.
3	The manager Linda is awful, but everyone else is great.  Especially Daniel.  He's awesome.  The food is good but the place is often dirty.
1	I absolutely love Rubios but this location is having some serious issues. The staff isn't very pleasant or efficient at all. Dining in is a mistake because that place is not clean. It is hard to enjoy the food when everywhere you look needs a clean up. I wish management would notice the issues and make the necessary changes. The prices are not cheap so it would be nice to have some more quality in the experience.
4	Such a great little place. We can argue for days about Authentic or not....Who cares? The Food is fresh and yummy! Not too much salt or grease and everything seems to be made to order. I went for the Coastal Trio which was Fish Taco, Shrimp Taco, Tilapia Taco! All were great and loaded with fresh ingredients. If I had to nit-pick the tortilla could've been a little softer, but it held together great! Salsa bar was amazing with something for everyone. I think 6-7 types to choose from. This is a very nice place that I will certainly visit again! If you like Seafood Tacos/Burritos, give this place a try. Don't let the Commercialized Type Presence scare you away, its very good food!
1	30 minutes to make 4 fish tacos and they screwed up the order.  Never again.
4	Good prices, delicious tacos, and a salsa bar, what more could you want?Keep in mind this is a quick service Mexican restaurant (order at the counter and seat yourself), but that doesn't degrade the food quality. Great for lunch or a quick, casual dinner.  Classic tacos with any of the meat options are a win!
2	First off let me say that up until tonight I was a huge fan of Rubios. I would always order their grilled shrimp tacos or bean and cheese burrito. It always tasted fresh and wasn't greasy. However, tonight I decided to try their new California bowl. I was expecting it to be somewhat similar to Chipolte's burrito bowls. Well . . . the concept was, but in reality it was not even close. The rice was clearly over cooked as it was all mushed together and had no flavor. I assume it is called the California bowl because of the guacamole. However, the amount of guacamole was highly disappointing. Once I mixed all the bowl ingredients together, I couldn't even taste the guacamole which is the best part. I added chicken and again highly disappointed with how much chicken they added. I could barely taste that there was even chicken. Overall, the NEW addition to the menu was a huge disappointment. In the future, Chipolte will be the only place I go for a delicious burrito bowl.On a side note, I was also disappointed when Rubio's stopped carrying carnita's. They have two strikes against them in my book.
