4	Great place with a great team. Always friendly and polite staff and I like that Auto Bell recycles their water. I have tried one other location in town and the attendants were not as conscientious as they are at this location.    Good management!
5	I love coming here. The best car wash experience I've ever had. They listen when you tell them what you want, and they do it right!
2	I've always liked the auto bell and I go to several around town.    You can get out of the car while they clean it, or you can sit in your car thru the wash and just drive off w/o waiting to get it dried, if you're in a hurry.I've had issues with this particular auto bell recently,  though.   On at least four occasions I've asked for the trunk of my car to be vacuumed only to find out later it wasn't done.  I've got an suv that collects a good bit of debris from landscaping supplies, so I'm always asking they make sure the back gets vacuumed out thoroughly.  They always seem to acknowledge what I'm asking, so I don't know where the disconnect is, but I hate being at the market later only to find out the back hasn't even been touched when I go to load my groceries.Same thing happened just this weekend, except this time I checked before driving off.   Nope - hadn't even been touched.   As dirty as when I pulled in.   The guy whow as drying my car took care of it right away, but it should have been handled when they other guys were doing the vaccuming before it went through the wash.   A quick trip to the car wash just took longer than expected.Stark contrast to the auto bell in Clover I like to go to.  No communication issues there.   I ask they make sure the back is vacuumed and it's done.  Much friendlier staff there, too,  in my opinion.
2	Good service. Had my daughters car washed because I let the grand kids have a blast! The kid woulda had a fit if she saw it before I had it cleaned. Paid $30 for the full Monty but got a $10 job. Armor all was sparse & window was still dirty. Vacuuming was barely done. I was so disappointed that I didn't even feel the need for them to redo.  And I usually tip EVERYONE.  I did not tip here and was not inclined to do so.
2	All the other Auto Bells are pretty good but this location has slipped hard.. This the second time I have spent $30 and got nothing for it . I had to ask the guide to vacuum the plastic empty door pockets full of dust and sand when I took my moms car in they did not wipe down the where the seat is adjusted and they didn't even vacum the back seat... It's an older car but the place was dead and I did tip prior to service and it was just some crappy $3 or $4 either. I'm pretty pissed I got tired of telling him where he missed and just left so here are some pics.. Should just wait for my 8 year old step son to come over next time and give him the $30zzzz
2	I use to go here every Friday after work. I stopped going about 5 months ago since the service has gotten worse. I went today and now I remember why I quit going. I have a truck and I always have   to ask to have the roof wiped down. I don't understand why they don't? As soon as I drive off the water runs right off onto the  windshield when I stop. Very annoying!! The guy I asked today to  wipe it down seemed to be annoyed that I asked him to touch up some areas that he didn't even touch. I still tipped and as I was leaving I looked back and he and the other guys working there were laughing as I left. I will never go back to this location and I do not recommend them.
