3	We actually went in to Simonetti's the other week, but all we saw was some cheese pizza sitting behind the glass, got scared and walked out and went to the familiar Taxco down the strip. i decided to venture in again on my own last week. They have a dry erase board featuring their specials and a full paper menu on the counter. i opted for a slice of pizza with just mushroom and buffalo chicken. Basically they take the slice of cheese, add what you want and throw it back in the oven. The amount of toppings was generous and while initially i wasn't a fan of either topping i chose, i found that i devoured the entire thing crust and all (i typically leave my crust). Paid like $4 and change for the huge slice and a drink. Glancing at the rest of the menu, the prices seemed high for the entrees and calzones based on the paper plate feel of the place. However, i'm guessing they would probably taste pretty darn good.  The dining room is tiny with maybe 8 small tables.  Every table seemed to know the owner on a first named basis (guessing he was the owner since he looks just like the cartoon in their logo). However, the service was outstanding. Very friendly and prompt on offering refills as they were out cleaning other tables. To answer my future wife's question, yes i think it will be a place i'll go to again.
5	This place is awesome. Homemade pizza dough and a family fun bunch of people with great customer service.The dough is not too thin and not too thick.. just right. YUM!!!
2	I've only eaten their pizza once and it was a take out order.  The pizza was pretty good, but not mind blowing.  It's more of a New York style pizza crust, really long, thin slices.  We had a bit of a fiasco when trying to pay for the pizza.  When we called to place the order we asked the order taker if they accept the entertainment book's $5 off coupon and she said yes.  When we went to pick up the pizza they took one look at our coupon and said they wouldn't accept it.  This was quite frustrating to us since we specifically asked about that type of coupon.  The girl who took our phone order was even there and she just said that she didn't realize that was the type of coupon we were asking about.  After much debating back and forth the cashier had the owner step in.  He eventually agreed to honor our coupon but he wasn't happy about it.  I thought one of the well known rules of customer service is if you promise something to a customer you should follow through.  I guess Simonetti's missed that lesson.While their pizza was ok, I'd rather go to Papa John's or Pizza Hut to avoid arguing with the manager over the price.
4	The staff is great and the pizza is even better. Nothing fancy just good pizza.
4	I have eaten the pizza here a few times now and am a fan for sure. Definitely my type of pizza, good amount of cheese, light on the sauce, and greasy, with extra crunchy crust! I miss the pizza places of NY and this place fills that void for me down here.
5	The best pizza in Gaston County... again. You'll quickly find out why with a slice. I'm not much of a fan of some of their sandwiches. I have had better. However, for pizza, look no further. I know that whenever someone who doesn't typically eat pizza or even request to get pizza asks to specifically come here, that has to tell you something. Coke products, some NY style soda and some Italian beer can be purchased. Mr. Simonetti can often be found working the oven himself. The staff is amazing.Located off of the Belmont Abbey exit of i-85 at Wilkinson - found in the shopping plaza behind McDonalds.
5	Definitely the best NYC-style around!  Well worth a trip into this simple place.  Only one minor request...a better beer menu would be nice.
2	Pizza is good.  Got the pasta and it was bland not thrilled with the salad either
2	It seems like almost any local independent pizza place gets 5 bonus points just for not being Pizza Hut or Dominos. Simonetti's is no different.The missus and I recently stopped by to try the place. I got two "special slices", while she got a "Sicilian slice". She really enjoyed her slice, which was thick and delicious.My slices - which were the "Meat Special" tasted great. But they were SO PUNY (see picture). I've seen Simonetti's advertised as "NY style pizza", but I've been to NYC enough to know that two slices of pizza should be almost half of a large Pizza Hut pizza. So although the pizza tasted good, the meager slices were an incredible disappointment.I probably won't go back, unless they start offering major "2 for 1" specials. With my GF a vegetarian and me a hardcore carnivore, the slices are too small to make a meal, and the whole pies too expensive to get two.
5	Unless im out of town i will never eat pizza west of the city from anywhere but here.  Seriously good, only negative i can say is if you dine in the dining room gets real hot sometimes but this time if year it is no big deal.
4	When we first moved to Belmont, I was very unconvinced by this place. We tried it once, weren't impressed and wrote it off. But we kept hearing everyone rave about it so we gave it another shot. It's a decent pizza if you want to get away from the chains. If it were in Charlotte, I'd give it 3 stars, but given our few pizza options in the neighborhood, this will do! We usually get the buffalo chicken pizza and the white pie, a little on the pricey side. Pick up only, no delivery.
5	I went in here about 4 months ago for the first time. When i first walked in all i could think about was how hot it seemed in there. My love for pizza didn't care about that so i sat down and ordered a large peperoni with extra sauce " Yes i know i went way out there on my pizza choice"  Fast forward a few minutes later and boom here comes heaven on a plate. I ate the entire pizza in one sitting. I eat pizza a few times a month and i have to say its one of the best tasting pizzas i have ever had. The toppings were placed well and the cheese was cooked well but the thing i loved the most was the sauce. It tasted so much better then i had expected it to. I couldn't recommend this place enough to people. Sadly because of work i haven't been able  to go back but my family has been a few times since then and they tell me how Great the food is.
4	Good local pizza joint with a small and very simple area to dine.  I wish they delivered but they do not.  We tried the supreme pizza and a stromboli.  The pizza was really good and the crust texture and taste nearly perfect.  The stromboli was good as well although a little too much italian salted meat.  It began to taste more like a salty sandwich with cheese more so than a stromboli.  Regardless though, the employees were friendly and I'll be back to try some other options.  Give it a shot...this is a great spot in an area with very limited options (I moved from a large city though).
5	Amazing local pizza. My husband and I are both huge pizza fans and this is great pizza for a great price. I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	Drove 10 miles to try this place. Nice change of pace from the pizza chains. About as close to true NY style as you'll get around here. Locally owned.
5	We always get a perfect pizza here!  The crust is perfectly crisp and chewy and the sauce is divine--you can see chunks of tomato and fresh basil.  We usually order the Meatball (thin slices of giant meatballs). I have ordered Manicotti here, my only diversion from the pizza, and it was fantastic as well.  The staff is friendly and the owner (local) is often visible in the restaurant, which I find to be typical of quality establishments.  In my opinion, the value is great for the product you get.  The prices are comparable to the chain pizza restaurants, but you are getting personal, small-town service and an incredibly tasty product.  Simonetti's is not close to my house, but we make the drive to get a great pizza (we have ALL of the chains within a few miles of us but never go there).
5	A wonderful little gem we found that made moving from Charlotte to Belmont a lot easier. Very good pizza! Staff is friendly. Wished that they would deliver.
3	Simonetti's offers up a good pizza option for the Belmont area. We normally take-out, but the last time I went I ate in. The waitstaff was nice but seemed a bit distracted and therefore slower than I would have hoped for. The combination of ingredients on the house special pizza is very good - sausage, tomato, spinach, ricotta. Yum! I have also tried their calzones. While they are tasty, I do wish they would add more garlic and italian spices to their ricotta cheese mixture.
5	Best pizza in the area. I don't know about there other Italian dishes because I can't help but eat pizza every time I come here. So good. Very large NY style pies. Highly recommended.
2	"Two Stars Because Management Knows Better"  When frequenting an Italian restaurant, my experience is usually good or great, or, if the restauranteur is clueless, poor.  Seldom is my experience an in between, as it was with Simonetti's.  The waitstaff is good.  Counter help is also friendly.  But the food is lacking when it shouldn't be, and that's inexcusable.  Example: on our last visit, we ordered a specialty pie.  The sauce and cheese were very good, as was the chicken and prosciutto.  But there was way too little chicken and prosciutto, on this expensive pie.  We left hungry.  Moreover, the pie was way overcooked - such that the crust was hard as a rock.  It shouldn't have been served.  And because management knows how to choose ingredients and properly form a pie, they know better than to serve very overcooked pizza.  On another visit, I had a calzone.  Form of the calzone was very good, but had very little cheese (again, to save money); it was all ricotta.  In all, this review is a little harsh, because management clearly knows better.  Being stingy with key ingredients, and serving food that should've been tossed, is not a way to produce regular customers.
4	Had a slice of cheese, very good. Ill update when I try more as I want to come back.. expectations are high. : )Also Jim C complaining bout the size of slices??? Slices are $1.75 buddy get a clue and go back to Dominoes for your generic $5 pizza.
4	Hubby & I tried this place for the first time tonight. For a Sunday night, this place is hopping. Lots of children and babies, which is not my cup of tea but that has not effected the rating. We ordered a white pizza & regular pepperoni. White pizza was delicious and we would definitely order it again. Pepperoni was mediocre and a bit overcooked, but had that orange grease that hubby loves so much.Service was good-we were the second table in the house upon arrival, but the place filled up and there were only two available tables by the time we left. Our server was hustling, but made sure to check on us, refill drinks, etc. She did spill my tea all over me, but handled it very well. Fortunately, I have been a server before and that did not affect the rating.Overall, this place is a great small time pizza joint. If you have a family, you'll fit in great. If you aren't really family-friendly, maybe just try getting pizza to-go. We will eat here again if we are in Belmont & craving pizza but we won't go out of our way to visit Simonetti's.
5	You want italian food? You got italian food.  I'm a New Yorker and I say THIS is NY pizza.  They also make a great calzone.  Haven't tried the entrees yet but I will.  Friendly staff.  Reminds me of DaVinci's in Greenwich, CT back in the late 70s/80s.  That's the highest compliment from me!
2	Th pizza is pretty good but the customer service sucks. The cashier is also the "waiter". Most people get up and take their empty cup back to cashier and as for a refill. I see this happening every time I come her. So why are you expecting a tip when you don't even come to take to check out your customers?!?! I like to order the pizza by th slice. They give you large slices.
5	Awesome eats. The pizza is what makes this place awesome! Good people run this place that care.
4	Very good pizza and friendly service. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but worth a stop.
2	The food is very good, but I was not impressed with the dining experience. The waitress was polite and friendly, but she brought the food my father ordered well before she brought the pizza the rest of us were sharing. In fact, my father finished his dish about 10 minutes before we finally received the pizza, well after we were first seated.  When the pizza did arrive, it was much smaller than what we ordered. To make up for it they promised us extra slices, which also took a long time. While the food was good, it was not worth the waiting. I will not be returning.
4	The food we got was great and good customer service, but we did go late at night when they where about to close.
1	Worst white pie ever! Do not recommend it at ALL! :P I was like where is the spinach....and why does the white pie taste like butter and not garlic...,,
