3	Pizzeria Uno isn't bad for a quick bite to eat on your way to do other activities, but I wouldn't recommend it for any sort of romance-based meal. Especially if seated on the outdoor patio, it's not uncommon for random people, transients and wild animals to come up and interrupt a perfectly adequate meal.The pizzas are alright and if memory serves, there are pastas and burgers on the menu as well. It's been a while since I last dined at Pizzeria Uno. Maybe that's a testament to the quality? If a college town Friday night outing is what you're after, then this is a good place to go with a group of friends.
3	The pizza's OK, not anything to write home about.  I sat on the outdoor patio, which is on the main street, so while entertaining to watch all the people go by (and there's a wide variety), if you're table's right along the outside edge of the patio (which I wasn't), you may end up interacting with the transients coming by.  So, I got to observe everyone going by without having to interact with them, which was just fine by me, because I do like to people watch.
3	EH. My boyfriend and I grabbed a bite to eat here before a movie, it's right next to the theater, and I thought it was OK. Not really worth going back. I had a cool dish in theory. It was grilled chicken which was stuffed with cheese and vegetables in the middle. That's a cool idea I thought! The chicken was good, but it was a very small meal.I wasn't even that hungry, but I finished the entire thing. I can never finish my meals at restaurants! The quality of my meal was fine, but it didn't seem amazing. Can't say anything about their pizza though, and that's their specialty.
3	Thinking about going to Uno's? Here's a fun little recipe you can make yourself at home. First, you'll need some crappy  family chain-style food. Think Bennigan's. Think Chili's. Think TGI Friday's. Then, get some service. Some really, really slow service. Think snails. Think molasses. Think DMV. For the staff, drive around for a while picking up teen-agers, preferably the ones standing on street corners - the more restless and bored the better. Pile everything in a blender. Press 'puree'. Cheers.And yet, I keep going back. Why? Aside from being close to work  and my distaste for walking long distances in the heat of summer, I like their veggie burger. It's big, it's served on an artisan challah roll, the bottom of which is lathered in guacamole (all right, so it's more avocado than guacamole, but still), and it comes with salsa. It also costs twice what it should, but hey, who's counting?
2	Stopped here on a Saturday evening just to sit on the patio and people watch. They have a happy hour from 9pm to close that consists of half price wines,draft,and well drinks and appetizers for $1.99 and $2.99. We had the mozzerella sticks (had better from sonic), buffalo wings (very average) and a mini deep dish pizza ( yuck !!) The pizza was charred around the edges and this made it impossible to bite into...so the pizza consisted of about 4 edible bites which were not that tasty.The service was great and we had fun with the free entertainment from the passers by...i would go back for DRINKS ONLY during happy hour, but that is it.
2	If someone wants to have another work lunch here I'm going to shoot myself. There are so many better places around Mill. The service is hit or miss. There was one time I met a friend there and ordered some stuff off the lunch menu, but apparently he thought we were ordering from the regular menu, even though it was lunch. When he brought the bill he argued with us about how we didn't say we wanted the lunch portion. Like we were trying scam them or something, sorry dude, the food was not worth that kind of effort.The pizza is fine. Stay away from the spicy margarita, that was really gross.
