5	Without question, Nadia's Hair Studio is one of the best - if not THE best - in all of Phoenix. She pays particular attention to detail and cuts your hair EXACTLY as you want it. Very reasonably priced too and very friendly. You won't be disappointed!
5	I Recently moved to Phoenix AZ from the state of GA and I knew that finding a good hair cutter would be a difficult task. I made a few calls here and there and of course you cannot expect anyone of the shops telling you that " hey we are not that good but that other Barber/Salon does great job", yes exactly every shop was proving itself to be the best, but I have my own ways to asses who would really be a genuine person or a BS. When I called Nadia I heard a very sweet voice without any pose or affectation and I told her that this is what my hair cutter used to do in GA state. As she sounded very genuine and over to that I had already read one very positive review about her so I thought i would give it a try but was still little bit scared from inside what she might do to my hair. I met her and I made her talk to my hair cutter in GA state and bottom line is people that she is the BEST. She understood everything so well and she listens to you how you want your hair to be done and she just does it exactly the same way.She has a very a friendly and charming personality. she is very dedicated to her work. Her shop is not fancy and she does not need a fancy shop to attract customers. People will just go to her for her talent and work. And we all have to ask ourselves " Do we need a good looking Salon or Do we need our faces looking good" Yes if  you need a good looking face and hair then just drive to her and feel happy till  your hair needs a haircut again :).
5	I've been looking for a local barbershop or salon to go to regularly, and I tried a few before nadia. I was a walk in, she had other customers with appointments but she found time to fit me in. She did an amazing job. I've received multiple compliments in only a few days. I've noticed her clientele seems to be men. I'd recommend her to anyone.
