3	Three and a half stars. I was compelled to see what the winner of Scottsdale's "Best Neighborhood Bar" looked like, especially since it is only a few miles from my house. On Friday night, my roommate and I trudged over to Longshot's only to find a packed parking lot. Good sign. We walked in and I could immediately see what the "Best of" people saw in the place: a small, smokey sports bar with great specials on draught beers, pool tables, dart boards, and karaoke. I think when they say "Neighborhood" they mean "Dive," which I was ok with. They were busy, but the service could have been a lot better. Granted, there was a boisterous bachelorette party to contend with, but, we were seated at the bar and getting a beer was no easy task.Between the service, the smoke, and the drunkenness (which is not always a bad thing, but in excess, too many hammered people around each other in a small bar is not good) I wasn't crazy about it. I almost tried the chicken wings but couldn't pull the trigger on them. This would be a perfect guys night out or girls night out spot if you are looking to get more than a little drunk. For a beer or two, head to Papago Brewing. For twelve or thirteen, post up at Longshot's.
3	Thankfully I had started out the night at Papago Brewing so I was in a somewhat amicable mood when a group of friends and I rolled into Longshots for Karaoke.  It was a Friday night and there were about 10 other people in the bar when we got there, but it was kind of early so things might have picked up later.  The Karaoke that was going on was BAD, but that is always good for a laugh.  My friends were not much better.  Because there were so few people there, they were able to get their selections played right away.  This bar was kind of dumpy, smoky, and definitely not filled with pretty Scottsdale people, which is usually right up my alley, but they didn't have much good beer and like I mentioned, the karaoke was painful.  I did not try any of the food and only stayed about an hour but nothing really made it seem worth going back to again.
3	Not my favorite place for karaoke... I find their book to be lacking. Aside from that, it seems to be a decent neighborhood bar that draws in an outside crowd. The place is a bit generic, but that won't prevent you from having a good time.The crowd seemed to be younger the times I've gone - early to mid-20s mostly. The drink prices were reasonable. The bar food was tolerable, but greasy.
1	This place is right if you like getting your face kicked in, or being raped in the parking lot with a screw driver.. check it out!
