5	Brand new restaurant with delicious food. We had gormeh Sabzi, sample appetizer plate, beef kebab, and some good bread.
5	Just stopped by today at this place they greeted us nicely to our table, The environment was nice with live persian music it took about 15 minutes to get our order it was delicious. Highly recommended and worth stoping by.
4	Went there yesterday with friends. Dont be fooled by the emptiness of the place. The server was courteous and friendly and do ask for a description of the dishes.I had the Berry Pulav (Indian translation) and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was similar to the dish we have in Mumbai prepared by Iranian restaurants. The live music was great too.Really nice friendly place to go to.
4	We just had dinner there and the food was great ( chicken kabab and ghormehsabzi). :)
5	Great moderately priced lunch.  Very nice waitress.  Really took care of us.  Food excellent!  Could definitely do that again.    Music in the evening and an attached bakery!
1	Barg kabab was like a pice of rubber. And it's interesting that they charged us and when we complained they said come back again we will serve you better food. I NEVER Recommend this restaurant.
4	Moved to Vegas from LA about 3 years ago and I had yet to find a Persian restaurant that does the cuisine justice... it finally happened when I ate at Caspian.  My friend and I arrived there late afternoon.  We were greeted and seated.  Started with wine (yes, I know that's not the traditional beverage to have, but that's what we wanted).  Yousef, the owner, who is a very nice gentleman and who is following his passion to serve excellent Persian cuisine, hosted us.We started with the tahdig (very generous portion) and requested 1/2 ghormeh sabzi and 1/2 gheimeh stews.  Fresh baked sangak bread at the table.  The tahdig and both of the stews were deliciously homemade.  For our main course (to share) we ordered the Soltani (barg and koobideh combo), and the chicken kabob with bone.  After a decent dinner salad the meals were served.When the meal arrived, specifically the kabobs, I asked (twice) if that is the customary size of their barg portions and Yousef confirmed.  It was a pleasant surprise.  Nowhere in Vegas had I seen this large a portion of barg kabob (1lb prior to cooking).  Both the barg and koobideh were nicely seasoned and cooked properly.  Both tasted great, though I was partial to the barg.  The koobideh could have been slightly softer (and in relation to the barg perhaps a bit wider), but overall quite enjoyable.  The kabobs were served with rice. The chicken kabob with bone (a whole bird) was excellent.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked just right.  Truly finger licking good (you can't really eat those with utensils).  Wrapped it up with tea and baklava.Left satisfied, happy, and satiated.This place is new and has great potential.  I've seen too many places that skimp on portions and do not cook or present the food properly.  I hope that Caspian maintains its current standard and does not do anything to detract from what they are offering.I personally would appreciate if the following changes were made;  1) No open butter served on top of rice (can't do butter), 2) men's bathroom should have dividers between sink and between urinals, 3) if TV is on and the restaurant is not crowded, the volume should be lowered (which to his credit he did) and the channel on screen should not be glitchy (it was a bit distracting), 4) the baklava could've been a bit sweeter and less dry.Caspian is up and coming and it is operated by an owner who understands and provides proper Persian cuisine, in satisfying portions, and with friendly service.  Not the least expensive place in town and quite frankly it shouldn't be.  This is one of the finer Persian cuisines and you get what you pay for.Also worth noting is that next door he operates and prepares various homemade items (breads, specialty dishes, etc.) that may not be served in the main hall.  I will have to try their kalepache some time soon.I will post a photo of the food.  I took the photo just to share with few friends.  Didn't employ much photography skills as I wasn't planning on posting on Yelp... but as they say... it's worth 1000 words.Overall... very happy... will be back!
5	Can I just start by saying this is the best persian food I've had in such a long time.I'm from cali, so since I moved here I've been on the hunt for persian food.I'm So glad I found this gem, koobideh was juicy, rice was nice and fluffy, and bread is freshly baked on premises. We stopped by late on a Tuesday night, I love that they are open late!Our waitress was super sweet and attentive. She made conversation with us and seemed very genuine. I enjoyed her service.We live in Henderson but I will drive across town for this place. The best part of my experience was leftovers, the portions are huge! I'm looking forward to my lunch tomorrow ;)
5	The food is wonderful! Also, the map is wrong, but the address is right. This is on flamingo and Torrey pines behind Archie's Thai kitchen (not tropicana).
1	Did not like the food. My friends had lentils + beef , they did not like it. These folks dont know how to even serve drinks.Would not recommend.
5	It was delicious! Loved the atmosphere, dim lights, Persian music playing in the background. The employees are all very friendly as well. I tried their Kashke Bademjoon, it was very good and tasted just like the one my mom makes! Ps. My mom is from Iran!
5	The food was amazing delicious !!!!!!!!!  We didn't eat in We ordered through a delivery service bitesqaud !  I look forward to eating in their dinning room If you love True tasting Persian Cuisine this is the place to go or on line !!
3	All the five star reviews seem a bit questionable. Friends and family, perhaps?The atmosphere of the restaurant is weird. It's huge, with mismatching decor, and on a Saturday night, basically empty (only one other table). There was no artist on stage singing. In fact, the server didn't turn on music until a few minutes after we sat down. So quiet...Our table was missing forks. The server seemed surprised when we asked for some, as if we were asking for extra flatware or chicken teriyaki. I don't know. Did I step into a culture that doesn't use forks? That's the feeling her reaction stirred in me!We ordered some yogurt/onion appetizer, shirazi salad, and beef and chicken koobideh. Our koobideh came with a complimentary salad, which I could have done without. I don't find iceberg lettuce, some cucumbers, and some tomatoes appealing. The dressing was so sour.Everything else was decent. The portions are quite large, as we took everything home afterwards.
3	If you have never tried Persian food before, I can see how you would like this place. However, if you grew up eating Persian food, this place is not very good. The service was the most unpleasant but I usually try to judge based on the food. Ordered the usual koobideh and it was OK... Paymon's is much better although this place is less expensive. Better than Zaytoon but not as good as Paymon's.
4	The first taste of the salad is a shock because it is very tart. But it grows on you. The server was very gracious. She made us feel very welcome. The meals were outstanding. The names of what we ate were complicated so I can't name them. We had the eggplant appetizer and a kabob combo and a stew.  They were all very good. The deserts were spectacular. The best baklava I ever had. We will repeat for sure. The price was also more reasonable than most
2	What a disappointment.  Based on s friend's recommendation we went for a Sunday night dinner.  What a mistake. The place was empty except for one table of two.  We ordered an appetizer from the menu and were told it was not available.  Ordered a salad and the waitress kept asking us if we wanted the garden salad.  No. If we had wanted that one we would order it.  We both chose the Soltani and were told they were out of that too!   Wow!  We then asked for the ground beef kabob medium well.  The waitress came back and said they couldn't prepare it medium rare.   We repeated medium well.  We finally received the meal and it was ok.  We might try it again on a busier night when they have plenty of supplies.
2	I'm not sure why this place has 5 star reviews. I can guess they're from friends and family of the owner as a desperate attempt to stay in business.Anyway, the food was so disappointing. It was bland. When I go to a Persian place, I expect the flavors to be intense...or at least present. The food I had was a huge let down. After liberally applying salt and pepper, the food still had no taste. What a let down. :( My boyfriend's beef kabob was also bland. I could make it better at home. The food I ordered (some sort of rice layered chicken dish) looked like it was made the day before and just reheated then served to me. The interior was also strange. Looks outdated and mismatched. There were only two other parties there besides us. Guess their huge room with tons of tables set up just gather dust. The atmosphere was a bit weird and uncomfortable. The only reason I gave it a two star review instead of one was because the waitress was very nice.
5	Good independent restaurateur operating also as independent bakery. As the name implies, this is a Persian-operated restaurant specializing in Persian cuisine. After some gentle enquiries, I learned the polite greeting as you enter this interesting restaurant is "Salom".Side note: Persian culture is radically diverse. It is a mistake to assume everybody is of the same tribal origin, and the phrase tribal origin should be emphasized with importance. While Farsi is a common language amongst many of the peoples living in what was once the Persian Empire (spanning as far west as Libya, north as the Caucasus mountains, and south as the border of India...and _not_ including the tribal lands of what is now Saudi Arabia but now ordinarily including the modern-day countries of Iran to the east through Libya to the west), the plethora of languages, religions (not just what you hear about in the news) and traditions is varied and diverse dating back about 2500 years or more. Verily, I digress...This restaurant is a unique offering in the Las Vegas culinary scene and as such has few restaurants to directly compare it against. The dining area is large enough to facilitate several medium-sized groups. There is an ambience of attention-to-detail meets quality family-style ethnic food driven by the seemingly-unique traditions of the people who operate this restaurant. A note on the aforementioned people who operate this restaurant: I met "Arash" who  is managing for the owner whom I  also met on a previous visit, and all the others that help make this wonderful ethnic experience what it is deserve to be recognized as hard working and intensely driven to provide a unique dining experience of Persian flavor in the Las Vegas community.In my view, they are successful.To observe the great effort it takes to bring the flavors of a representation of Persia to Las Vegas is to agree this restaurant deserves to be recognized for such an effort, and applauded.
5	Actually had our Thanksgiving dinner here and it was amazing! The food is seasoned just right- not too powerful and the service was IMPECCABLE!! After our meal, the owner came and introduced himself and made sure that we were happy with our experience there. Will definitely be stopping by again!
1	Terrible food the server honestly admitted that the tadig was in his eyes not edible but he still served it to me. I told him this was the worst microwaved tadig from lunch service he agreed apologized and still charged me. What a joke never again will I come to this establishment. How do you serve soggy tadig ??? We were the only table in the restaurant on a Friday night, the atmosphere is like dining in a retirement cafeteria. I feel bad leaving this review but there is not 1 good Persian restaurant in this valley, back to WESTWOOD CA for some awesome Persian food.
3	I had high hopes for this place- but unfortunately they were not quite met. Interior is fairly plain and looks like a banquet hall, but the Persian territory map is a nice touch and I like that they have a bakery next door. But I felt the food was overpriced and underwhelming.Beef Koobideh ($10) was a good portion of two skewers with rice, salad, and a plentiful portion of bread. Flavors were good but rice was a bit soggy, side salads were fine. Overall, I think going to Shish Kabob House one block down is a better value. Other kabob dishes here reach $17-20, which is absurd considering what is offered at SKH of comparable quality. Gheimeh Bademjan ($14)- I really thought the traditional stews would be the best dishes here. This one is described as being a tomato base with yellow lentils, beef, and roasted Japanese eggplants. However, what I received was mostly peas, one small piece of beef, and no evidence of eggplant. I can see this being a comforting peasant dish, but it didn't have much flavor. Very disappointed.Service was polite- once I was acknowledged. With two employees, only one ever approached me and it was after I'd been standing at the hostess stand a good five minutes. Noticed another Persian customer enter and receive immediate service and a warm welcome.
2	The food here is really bad. It's made by Arabic people there cooking Persian food. it's very tasteless the rice is horrible don't come here
4	I like this place, good food, I think the food should be authentic enough, as I was chatting with the waitress, I think they don't Americanize their food. I like originality, and so far we never had bad food their. The soltani was great, beef and chicken koobideh were tasty, tachin was tasty too. I had my best lentil soup from them as well. The ice cream was also awesome. Service was good too.I would like to note that the beef koobideh is a bit pungent and spicy because of the seasoning they use. The chicken koobideh is a bit spicy too. So if you can't handle pungent or spicy seasoning at all, you can try tachin or some other dishes. They make good food anyway. They make their own ice cream too by the way.
