3	I like coming here for a quick bfast. I like their new thin bfast bagels because they are less carbs than the regular sized ones. Too bad their soy chai tea latte isn't good, so I still have to Starbucks. Douglas is right, it seems really messy and chaotic in there sometimes.
1	I've been here a few times, but only because I was craving a bagel of any kind. It's just not the same as New York. They try, but it's not really close for me.A lot of people like it, but this is one of those things that - in my opinion - can't be faked.
2	I placed a catering order and wanted to confirm - and also make some customized requests to it that you can't do online (that's another major gripe but oh well!).  The person that answered the phone knew nothing about catering and didn't even put me on hold - yelled at his manager on what to do.  The manager yelled back that I need to call back after 5:00.  That's just great - I wanted to just put this thing on my to do list to bed and now I have to be inconvenienced by calling back after placing a $100 + catering order.  Thanks Einsteins!  If my order is actually ready this time when I come to pick it up I will raise the # of stars.  I miss the friendly and knowledgable staff that was there when this location first opened.  Sigh!
2	I've been here more times than I can count, but it's from lack of choices in bagel joints and because the husband loves their turkey sausage, egg, and cheese on an asiago bagel.I really would like to give Einstein's more stars, but their demise is due to their lack of stellar service. More often than not there is always something that makes the experience less than desirable. Whether the coffee is empty, the trash can overflowing, the staff is noticeably uneager to be working or completely unattentive, or there's a line out the door due to lack of efficient workflow - To add insult to injury, I'm an everything bagel kind of girl and the everything bagels at Einstein's have way too many caraway seeds. :(
3	OK for a quick breakfast. No one can mess up a nova lox sandwich. Bottomless drinks are a plus.
3	This place would get four stars from me if it just wasnt so expensive.  I mean who wants to spend 10 dollars for coffee and a bagel.  Not me
2	This location has a limited variety of bagels available on the weekends. You would think they would know by now which bagels are the most popular and make sure to keep them stocked. The staff is not welcoming and they have a tendency to not listen to the customers full order. My order has been wrong more times than it has been right, from not having my bagel toasted, to having my bagel covered in capers and onions when I specifically asked to leave those off. I used to look forward to getting my Einstein's every week, but it is becoming more of a hassle than anything.
1	The service was SLOW. I ordered a toasted bagel with cream cheese. I found a piece of plastic inside the bagel. Yuck!
4	Since my last review here, I am very happy to report that there has been a complete turnover in management and staff!  The general manager is friendly and very helpful - I have switched all of my breakfast catering back to them.  All of my recent experiences with the staff have been great.
2	Annoying.  That about sums up my visit to this place today.   Both and mine and my husband's orders were wrong.  We were charged for extra things and didn't notice until after we paid.  When the staff member returned to our table to give us our refund he took the receipt away and just gave us the amount for the items that were wrongly on the bill, not including tax.  OK, so that's only a few cents but still.  After my meal I went up to order some bagels to go.  There were only two people ahead of me in line and I couldn't believe how long I had to wait.  In fact, we were waiting so long that the girl directly ahead of me just left.  After a couple of more minutes so did I.  The bagels aren't worth the wait.
1	This place is horrible.  The bagels taste fine If you can get the brain dead staff to make them right.  I have given them more chances than they're worth, they screwed up my order and took 30 mins to make it so I talked to the manager, she told me my next order would be free.I came in to get my free order, and the girl told me I need to pay $2 to process the order. I paid that, I get home and low and behold the order is wrong yet again.    Perhaps the staff needs a visual aid to see what the difference is between an onion and a tomato
2	seriously. the kids who work here, move like molasses. do me a favor, go there one day.. order the simplest thing.. and watch the guy behind the counter put it together. was he on drugs? i have no clue. it sure looked like he was smoking something before work. it was so bad, me and the other lady in front of me bonded a lil bit during the wait. (mostly talked shit about these people, haha)  ugh. good God. how hard is it to put a friggin bagel together?
4	Tasty, well priced, friendly staff and good atmosphere.  The basics that I'm looking for in a little bagel shop and they excelled at it.  However, don't try the turkey-sausage.  It was pretty gross.  The other items I have tried have been excellent though.
4	Reading some of these reviews made me think twice about going to this location. My pregnant self could not stop thinking about a cinnamon raisin bagel though! Came in at 8 am on a Saturday and surprisingly it was pretty empty! Walked right up to the juices and selected a freshly squeezed OJ and an apple juice. Next we simply made our order! At first I wanted to hand my debit card but I guess you have to take a couple of steps to the next cashier. This works out great because the employee is not in a rush to make a bagel, but instead re reads your order to make sure it's right. Asked for military discount and sadly they do not offer it. Five seconds after paying our bagels were ready! I swear there is nothing like eating what you are craving while pregnant!! Anyways I highly recommend their strawberry cream cheese! Omg it was so good!!
1	How hard is it to actually toast a bagel and serve it hot???? Horrible! Every time I come here, which is not that often I have a terrible experience, from brainless management to an incompetent staff! Ugh!!!!!!!
4	Einsteins was quick and easy! Service was right away. I would go back for a quick good meal! If going for a morning bite then I recommend the bacon, egg, and cheese...with asiago bagel! The location is right off the 215 and makes for a simple routine stop.
1	Not too sure how it works out that the man 2 orders behind me is already enjoying his bagel and coffee, while I'm sitting here waiting like an idiot. I showed the idiot cashier my coupon and she didnt seem to honor it. No biggie, just didnt really feel like blowing $11.50 on two bagels. In the long run, coupons do help. Especially after today, I find it odd that the manager was standing right behind her didnt bother to step in. I'm probably better off going to Albertsons down the way, to get 3 packs of bagels for the price of two bagels. Probably won't be coming here again especially to wait 10 minutes for 2 bagels.  Yikes.
1	Ok I come into this Einstein at least on e. Week and every time I come In here a gentlemen named Rubin is insanely rude!!! Weather it's to costumers or staff. He is a jerk.  Well today he snapped on me and It pissed me off. I asked a simple question about a promotion and he got all sorts of snappy with me so I walked to the other end and proceeded to pay for my food. Well I paid for my food and 5 minutes later after sitting there he goes oh heather I'm sorry we don't have turkey u can have ham or chicken. Wtf?!? What if I didn't want that? Which I didn't but at that point I was already running late to work so I said chicken. Well already annoyed. Well I went to get Lemon aid and of course the lemon aid came out foggy and with fizz LEMON AID DOESNT FIZZ!!! So I left and when I got to work I was even more pissed. First it was suppose to be on a everything bagel thin. Nope on a regular bagel and I asked for toasted...guess what...not toasted. The lettuce was all soggy and old and the sandwich was gross! I'm so sad because I love this place but I will be going into complain and talk to the manger.
2	OMG! This place is run by idiots. I go there about once a week, love the hazelnut coffee. If i order food it is wrong every single time!! Today for example her is what I ordered - white bagelthin eggwhite, mushroom, jalapeno schmear on the side. Here's what I got - regular wheat bagel, eggwhite, mushroom, drenched in jalapeno schmear and schmear on the side Plus I was charged 1.50 to have the schmear on the side. I called the Manager and she told me it all depends on how I order it????? WTF I ordered it how I wanted it......coffee only from now on.
2	Everytime I'm here they are out of something and never offer a substitute to make it right.  Other breakfast options around are better.
4	Had to have that famous Einstein's dark roast coffee.  So this is the closest Einstein's to the Vegas airport, baby.  Food was just exactly what I ordered .  Applause!
2	I used to be in love with Einstein Bagels but lately that have been off their A game.Once in a while our office will order lunch from them. We would order for pick up. I make sure when I order food I make them read it back out to me to make sure it is accurate. Lately, 9 out of 10 they get my order wrong when we pick it up! Like completely off, not even close to my order. I don't know what is happening with their staff but they need to weed out the problem. On a lighter note, they do have great bagels & bagel sandwiches when it is prepared the right way so I won't completely give them a 1 star review. But, that location deserves negative stars!
4	Your run of the mill Einsteins Bro. The employees are nice and the coffee is running strong. If you get there anytime after noon then some of the better bagels might be out. Good place to get some breakfast.
5	Although any Einstein's that I've visited over the past few years has had a serious issue with consistency, I have to give this location a 5 star for their manager alone. Over the past year or so, Ruben has been more than accommodating and has shown that he will go above and beyond to make your experience memorable.
4	The bagels & treats are delicious, coffee is good and the staff is friendly. However, the egg whites ordered as part of the sandwich was a measly little egg white patty that was barely there. Next time we will take home & make our own egg whites. But I highly recommend this place other wise.
5	This place is my go-to for my one good meal before I start my late shift for work.Love the Happy Hour during weekdays on drinks because I have to have a good frozen Coffee before I start my shift.Ruben is definately the nicest and most personable employee from Einsteins and it's great to see him when I stop in sometimes.He gets an A++ for customer service!
1	This is by far the worst einsteins I have ever been too. My food is never good, it's always sloppy, burnt, or cooked wrong.
3	Wasn't to impressed with there bacon & cheddar sandwich. The bacon was cold,eggs were mediocre,cheese tastes nasty. I asked them to toast it,they didn't. It tasted like they put it in the microwave for 10 seconds. The only thing that was good was the asiago bagel.
1	Wow this will be my first bad review ever ! This place sucks ! They are out of everything you want when your ordering ... I ordered the broccoli cheddar soup and instead of telling me that they didn't have anymore, they just gave me a random soup that they did have ... Also make sure you check your order before you leave ... Because I had to ask for all my sides ...
1	Went in to grab 3 bagels this morning ordered at 8:24am only to wait 20 minutes to get them and then find out 2 of the 3 are burnt!
