5	after the longest wait ever max's is finally open! when we got there we weren't sure if they were open or not (no signs or banners only a very small open sign on the front door) so we decided to just check it out! lo and behold they just opened! the staff was super friendly and the chicken is as always superb! unfortunately (and according to our very friendly server Buddy) they are only open for dinner for now...meaning from 5:30  pm to about 10:00 pm... aside from the chicken the rest of the food we ordered (pork sisig, lumpia sariwa, kare kare, and pansit guisado) needs a wee bit more seasoning but all in all it was a very nice meal and i can only imagine that since this looks to be only a soft opening of the place, it can onlu get better! will definitely come back again soon!
3	Yes! Yes! Yes! Finally, what almost every Pinoys have been waiting for is now open for business. Also, yes WAITING is the deal you'll have to go thru, but it's alright as long as the food is good. RIGHT?! Well, unfortunately the food DID NOT satisfy my taste buds. First let me tell you why I rated this place 3 stars, then the food we ordered and reasons why I didn't like it. The 3 stars are pretty much for the great service, cleanliness and classy atmosphere. The hostess was very friendly and also pretty! (1 star for that) Servers were quite attentive and very nice whenever I was asking them questions. (2 stars for that) The third star was for a very elegant and clean look of the restaurant. Now, let's get down to business, the food. We ordered Max's chicken party, calamares, chicken sisig, and nilagang baka. Alright, I'll give you guys a run down for each entree. The calamares was the first food that came out after 30 minutes of WAITING, was it worth it? Nah, the batter or breading was heavy and boy it was SALLTTY! It came with sides of atchara (pickled papaya) and vinegar with garlic which helped to tame the saltiness. Second  entree the "Max's fried chicken" I don't know how Zankou in Cali cooks their chicken but it's incomparable. I saw someone I know that had just finished eating and he told me that KFC tasted better. I was like seriously? I had their chicken before in Glendale it's pretty good. He was right! Again, not enough seasoning and just plain salty although not as salty as the calamares but I just tasted salt. I was wondering is this what their signature fried chicken? Then just forget about it. Now the chicken sisig, I made sure I do a TIP on yelp because it was just...I really hate to say it when I talk about food, but it's gross. Not appetizing at all. Like what I tipped it's too much onions and the mayo was weird. My sister in law was like is that macaroni salad. The nilagang baka was my last hope in this entire eating experience here, but behold my freaking nilagang baka taste way better. It had a slight metal or iron taste and  don't forget the salt. Yeah, it was also a tad salty. Taste like salt water with a very hint of metal or iron. I don't know maybe I was expecting the food to be way better than those Filipino fast foods, but I can say that it's about the same. We'll prolly come back next year when everything has settle down and not so busy anymore. Yes! I am hoping for a change food wise.
4	Yes, Max's of Manila has finally opened its doors.  After what seemed like an eternity and after much anticipation especially amongst the local Yelp community, Max's Las Vegas location is having a soft opening, with hours being 5:00pm to 9:00pm.  Mel C. and I stopped by for dinner on a whim and arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday. The place was full with groups of people waiting to be seated and we were told it would be a 40 minute wait.  Already famished, but willing to be patient after waiting for so long for the place to open, we got lucky and were actually seated within 15 minutes.  However, we didn't get waited on for a while.  A waitress came by and checked on us; Mel says it's because she saw his Yelp app open, but who knows?  ;)  Although the fried chicken is what their specialty is here, I opted for the small order of kare-kare, my favorite Filipino dish.  The waitress started speaking to us in Tagalog and we answered in English until she got the gist that the b/f and I are "Amerikano" Filipinos, i.e. we don't speak Tagalog (although I can understand more than you think).  After a rough start, we got our food in a decent amount of time and our actual waiter, Noel, was attentive the rest of the meal.  The kare-kare beef and oxtail were good, except that the dish wasn't very hot, more lukewarm.  The eggplant was rather tough, so I didn't eat it after two bites.  Overall, there was quite a bit for a small order and I ended up taking half home. Mel got the famous fried chicken and it was just like I remember it: crispy skin like our relatives make at home, definitely not KFC like someone else described it.  We didn't have room for halo-halo, but I do look forward to trying their version.  This place was busy the entire time and the line was longer for a table when we left.  It seems we weren't the only ones waiting for Max's to open and, by the looks of it, they are a big hit already.  We'll be back--salamat!
4	Finally!! This has been a bookmark for quite some time months before their opening.  In fact, Yelp Las Vegas even has a Talk Thread about Max's Restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/topic/north-las-vegas-halo-halo-and-maxs).  What's all the hype...it's suppose to be Filipino food at its finest.  I've had their popular crispy chicken before.  And what I can remember, it was crunchy, greasy, and yet, it was still tasty.  Fast forward to now, the chicken is still greasy, still crunchy, and still tasty.  My Thoughts:-The Restaurant:  I know it's a new Restaurant and is suppose to be clean.  Guess what? It was was.  I was actually impressed with the size, decor, spaciousness, and cleanliness.  I don't remember a Max's being this clean.  Max's of Manila in Las Vegas is a change-Ambiance:  Comfortable, for me at least.  I would say it was 99.2% Filipino.  Make that 99.9% after Terri R and I arrived. It's their soft opening, so busy they were.  The mood was fast paced once you finally get your food.  As soon as you leave, they fill your vacant tables.  Lines, lines, and more lines.  Customer were coming from all over.  You even notice this from the parking lot with all the NV plates, CA plates, and rental cars. The wait for us was suppose to be 40 minutes, but we ended up being seated just 15 minutes later.  NOTE:  This can still seem like an eternity if you're hungry like a madman. -Service:  Not at their finest.  Once seated, we waited patiently, then impatiently for a long 15 minutes.  Keep in mind, this is just to get our orders taken and your drinks filled.  Max's is Filipino and their service is definitely on "Filipino Time".  -The Food (Max's Budget):  Like I stated earlier, their chicken hasn't changed over the years.  I ended up with their Max's Budget, which consisted of a leg quarter of Max's full chicken, 3 baby pieces of Shanghai Lumpia, a cup of white rice, and Caramel Bar.  The chicken had a lot of meat and was tasty.  The chicken was also greasy.  I use to be a fan of this type of chicken.  Not anymore.  But I can't complain about it because this is how they set for their fried chicken to taste like.  My mom's fried chicken is even made this way.  Geez, my family parties even have chicken made this way.  In other words...comfort "Food for You".  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=k0PIF3xHTbBa16EtRCe3yg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)-The Food (Max's Teaser):  I also ordered the Max's Teaser, which is their Calamari, Fries, and Shanghai Lumpia.  I don't eat fried foods much anymore and only got this to taste test.  I was disappointed with this order because it was skimped to the Max (pun intended). I felt disgusted after killing the whole plate.  Yes, I had to deMELish this but it didn't take much because I didn't get much.  I don't want to sound "kuripot" and I get it...it's called Max's Teaser for a reason.  They just teased me and ganked me with baby portions. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qm-sSyuKcJ-aYusyMZqMnQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ)-Price:  I'm mixed here because Terri's Kare Kare looked hooked up, my main meal's portion was average, and the Teaser was lacking everything.  But if you need to know, dinner for two with an appetizer only cost $33.  I guess that's not bad at all.Overall, it would take a little more for me to give this place 5 stars because they are not "As good as it gets".  It's also tough for me to give them less then 4 stars because Max's Las Vegas is how I remember them and exactly what they aim to be...that's comfort Filipino food and served at a "Filipino Time" pace.  I'm sure I will be back because my out-of-town friends and family are fans. I'm sure they'll want to come here when they visit. PS:  I thought the artwork on their paper place mats were a little interesting. These are just some of the things you notice when you're waiting to be served. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (465/500)
3	I've been anxiously waiting for Max's to open since when they said they were going to open back in August. My family and I went here at 6pm and there was a bunch of Filipinos waiting outside...oh no! We were told there was a 40-minute wait so my sister asked how long it would take for a to-go order: 30 minutes. We stood outside and 10 minutes later, our table was ready. Everyone's lolo/lola, tito/tita, ate/kuya and barkada/kaibigan were here. My parents would take us to Max's back in Manila when I was little. I liked their chicken a lot that my mom copied their recipe and she got it right. You can't come here and not get chicken and dip it in Jufran banana ketchup.  We got Max's Budget, Max's Fiesta Plate, calamansi juice, a bangus and halo-halo.Max's Budget:Fried chicken leg, rice/fries, lumpiang Shanghai (egg rolls with meat) and a caramel bar. I've said this before and I'll say it again...I don't eat rice. But if I do, I always get garlic rice. The chicken was on the salty side and that's not how Max's does their chicken. My lumpia was burnt and super oily. I like the caramel bar. 3/5 Max's Fiesta Plate: My sister and bro-in-law both got fried chicken leg, garlic rice, lumpiang ubod (fresh lumpia with heart of palm) and caramel bar. The lumpia wrapper was a bit thick but the filling was delicious. 4/5Daing na Bangus:Pronounced "dah-eeng na bang-oos" not "bang us"...mmkay? Or just ask for the fried milkfish. Milkfish marinated in vinegar and garlic then fried. Dip in vinegar and eat with garlic rice. Yum! 5/5Halo-halo:Shaved ice with kaong, nata de coco, ube, flan, beans, coconut shreds topped with ube ice cream sprinkled with pinipig. The ice to topping ratio was great. Most places will you lots of ice and less toppings. Max's has more toppings than ice and their ice is finer than the ones I've had here in Vegas. The pinipig was great and most places in Vegas  skip it and I don't know why. Sarap!!! 5/5  There are still kinks to be worked on and I understand since it's only their soft opening. Wet plates from the washer. Our food came an hour after placing our order. The chicken was a bit saltier than other Max's I've been to. My halo-halo went to the wrong table. There's still room for improvement and I'll come back after a few months.Filipino 101:Where is da C.R.? = where is the bathroom?Sarap = delicious
5	5Star ratings for a 5Star service from our server Lloyd!  The food is absolutely flavorful & delicious!  It's officially the best Filipino Restaurant in town, hands down!!!
3	I like the ambience! I sensed the filipino spirit around and it feels like home. I like the design of their bar which I think is quite different compared to other filipino restaurants in Vegas. The servers were cool and I admired their patience because if you've noticed some pinoys are maarte. Anyway, the Max's platter has everything you need to try if it is your first time. I suggest you come really early or reserve because when we went there it was packed and super slow (waited 53mins for food). Good thing my friend were able to bribed the host $5 to get us seated immediately and reduced our waiting time. Overall my experience was OK. I don't feel excited to come back. Hopefully their service will get better because I love filipinoy food maan! :)
2	Finally Max's restaurant is here! We've been waiting for it for a while and now that they're open we have to check it out!Just so you know, Max's is some kind of a "fine dining" restaurant, so expect to wait for a while or a couple of minutes for your order. Me and my husband ordered their famous: *Whole chicken (w/ coleslaw and fries)Surprisingly good and taste like Max's in the Philippines. Love the fries, didn't even try to taste the coleslaw Not a single bite of it, coz it looks so dry. *Kare-Kare, taste like kare-kare but it lacks of vegetables. But the most disappointing part was, it has lumps! We asked the manager/supervisor how did they cook their kare-kare he said it's pre made then, they froze it then, heat it whenever there's an order. That explains the Lumps! Lol*Lumpiang ubod, is nothing without the peanut sauce! It is so plain! Lack of ingredients and doesn't contain the real taste of lumpiang ubod.  We just got disappointed with the food and the price. I don't know if we're still coming back.
5	I've read the reviews of people complaining already...The restaurant JUST opened so, of course there's going to be lines...sheesh.  GET A GRIP PEOPLE...THIS RESTAURANT IS NEW IN LAS VEGAS...SO ANYWAY ONTO MY GREAT COMMENT ABOUT MAX'S AND THE AWESOME SERVICE THAT I HAD.  =DI LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!  I've NEVER had Filipino food before.  Now, I'm hooked and in love!  I have no complaints at all.  The service was FAST, food was great.  I will visit this restaurant again and again.WHAT I ORDERED:  Ok, so they had a "teaser opening"  that I was invited to.  (YAY!)  I had Max's famous chicken, fries, and coleslaw.  OMGGG.  It was juicy, and very tasty.  The fries were nice and hot!! =D and the coleslaw was good.  The server, Noel, had me try the banana ketchup with hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce which (let me tell you) was GOOOOODDDD as a dipping sauce OR just with the chicken's natural flavors.  I can't think of the name of the dessert I tried!!!! AGHHHHH forgive me guys.  I can just describe it...it was in a glass, it had purple ice cream (which was coconut) crushed ice and small candy pieces!?  Next time I visit, I will have my phone charged, and take pictures of the menu.  --Maddi
2	Was really excited to eat at Max's after a very long time but the wait, the service and the food was not worth it all. Wait time was over an hour, and there were empty tables that needed to be cleaned. The crew lacked teamwork. Mishaps were being discussed by the cashier and the waitress (who was pretending to be busy by wiping down the menus) which could have been discussed later with a superior maybe as an after-action report. Some of the crew were really busy but some were walking around in a daze. We ordered our drinks and our food together but it took a long time for the drinks to come and when they did, they missed a few people's orders in our table of 8. FInally, after what seemed like a long wait, our food came, not at the same time. So because we were starving, whoever got their food first already started eating.  When our food came, it was mediocre. I ordered the crab fried rice  and there were egg shells in it. The sizzling sisig was drowning in oil. The rest of the food was okay, nothing worth mentioning. The only good thing that stood out was the nilaga, which was really tasty.
1	A lot of not available anymore for the night and service has no finesse. Waiter is hyper and rushed. Sinigang came in lukewarm, we have to send chicken sisig back as it is also cold. It is only 8PM and a lot of things are not available, The Buco Pandan serving is not as generous as the one in Glendale and West Covina..This is suppose to be their training center so I  expected some good service. Needs a lot of improvement.
4	So I can't help but agree with the previous post on all the complainers.  The wait is ridiculous BUT THEY JUST OPENED, it does come with the hype and territory people!        I give 5 stars for the food.  The chicken was worth the anticipation and what I remembered from my trip to P.I two years ago.  That and it definitely satisfied my pregnant cravings!!!  I ordered the Fiesta plater and sisig.   The chicken was juicy and tender in the inside, and had a nice seasoned crunch on the outside.  The fresh lumpia was a nice contrast to the pallet.  The Sisig on the other hand was a bit disappointing to me because it had ears,  I guess I got too excited, and didn't fully read the description...lesson learned!  We did not get out caramel bars...but I guess that was the reason our waiter subbed out for ice cream.       Service from our waiter great.  I didn't expect to much again because we were sat at 8:30...close to closing and the place was still packed.  However Jerry was awesome and attentive in any way he could.   He even made a sauce for us at our table to eat with our chicken!            So why 4 stars?  To my understanding they have been open for "Soft Opening" since last week, between the hours 4-9.   In my opinion that's one long soft opening!  At this point they should consider opening normal business hours to help decrease wait time in the evening.  It was 1h+ wait time when we arrived.  They were taking "To Go" orders also, maybe during "Soft Opening" stage this isn't the smartest move; again they are only open for 4 hours ATM.  The kitchen got to the point were they were at a halt and orders were stopped for a bit so they could catch up.  So maybe until they are fully opened, To Go orders should wait.       Anyways I am looking forward to coming back.  Overall experience was worth it...a few hick ups but a lot of great potential.
1	Will not eat at this overrated place. Even the manager has no good customer service. Yes the place was busy but that doesn't excuse that other tables that sat after us got their food first and on top of that they were missing two of our entrees. The waiter didn't even look like he was checking up on our order it was the other waiter who was trying to help.As for the food it's just a plain fried chicken anybody can cook it. The sisig was a pile of greasy pork pieces. It's so bad that I rather eat at jollibees.
1	40 minute wait for 8 pp. 45 minute for food. Ordered 2 sisig, 2 chix, 2 sinigang na baboy, baka, kare kare, 2 appetizer platter. Three bowls of rice. 2 soup came but no plates and rice. 7 plates arrives but I never was given one. By the time all the food was served the two sinigang is cold. But it's ok, the dirty tables around us keeped my eye site entertained. Guys we are in Vegas . Clean tables and bussing and filling the drinking glass with beverage is important. Class 101. Can't blame the servers, lack of Managment. Food was tasteless . The sisig was to salty. Chix was  precooked and pre heated or fried. It was dry from the inside crispy outside. Don't take my word but the three chef from Caesars entertainment that are with me agreed. And also I ordered some chix to go for my wife. Came home and the chix was frozen inside but crispy and hot outside. I remembered eating in downtown LA every Sunday at Max. It was home cooked food. Here the kare kare is made out of instant mix. The other fino restaurant use real peanut butter. The appetizer lumpia, I think was bought from seafood market and just served it to us. Nothing to brag, but our local Filipino restaurant here at Vegas are much better. Eating at Max is bad first impression. A little advice, restaurant 101, soft opening, you over staff not under staff. First impression is the "wow" factor not holy shit most of the tables are full of dirty dishes. We call this in the food and beverage department, first in first out. Servers coming in brings food or drinks, when they go out they bring back dirty dishes. Sorry ... Didn't realize Max restaurant lowered there standard. Oh last thing. 96% of all customers goes to the bathroom. Should be clean, I promise I'm not lying.
1	Overrated.. Overpriced.. UNDERwhelmed.3 words to describe my dining experience at Max's tonight.Came here for dinner with my mom and a couple of her coworkers. We came just as they opened for dinner (5pm as stated on the sign at the door).  However there were so many people seated and eating already when we got there..!  So much for a 5pm dinner time.Anyways, on to the food. We ordered pansit bihon, lechon kawali, pork sisig, nilagang baka, and the famous whole chicken.I was so unimpressed with everything we ordered..! I felt there was a definite lack of taste and flavor to all the dishes we ordered. As for their famous chicken.. mehhh.. I'll take jollibee fried chicken any day!  I was most disappointed with the nilagang baka.  We went to Max's restaurant in San Francisco a couple weeks back and it was one of the best nilagang baka I ever had, but sadly this location could not replicate that same great tasting soup :(The prices to me seem a bit steep as well for food that's not all that great. The only positive thing I have to say about tonight's dining experience was the service.. Our server was friendly and attentive. The space of the restaurant is not half bad either. Will I come back..? Maybe once the "opening" hoopla dies down, and they get the food right. But I don't forsee it happening in the near future.
1	How ridiculous, soft opening? Looked at website after I got there, it says they open at 4pm and sign on door says they open at 5pm. They need to figure this out, maybe I'll think about coming back. But with the reviews so far, doesn't seem like anyone should bother to waste time and money.
4	The restaurant ambience is very good and clean. Love the food but the sago gulaman is sweet. Pork Sisig needs some crunchiness to it .
4	So this place just opened,. Its a brand new establishment with super major hype and people are expecting everything to be completely perfect.. LOL!!  We arrived about 5:30 and was told the wait was 40 minutes and to give them our number so they could text us when a table was open. 47 Minutes later we got a text and were seated promptly. About 6 Minutes later a guy appearing to be the manager was taking our order.. We ordered the appetizer of calamari but it was sold out, Understandable, as max's calamari is known to be very good. So we just went ahead and ordered 1 Mickey Bihon,1 Whole Chicken 1 Regular Crispy Pata and a large garlic rice. All the food was very delicious and served very hot. Our drinks were refilled promptly as well, Overall pretty good for not even being fully open.. Give them a break guys... Im sure things will get better after the staff has a chance to get used to everything and the hype dies down. All of the max's i have been to in the Philippines have really good food and very bad service LOL,.. So Calm down you 1 star people.. Go make a review of McDonalds..
2	Hope they will improve on the long line. Food is ok not so authentic on the taste buds.... But the employees are nice especially our server.
3	Be prepared for a long wait time. I realize they opened about a week ago but you would think business would be running smoothly by now.
3	I've been waiting for Vegas to open a Max's Chicken! I was so excited to know that Vegas was finally opening one.We arrived before the restaurant opened and there were people already waiting. We were seated as soon as it opened. After 30 minutes, the place was starting to get full. The food was so-so. It was good, but not great. I love kare kare, but the one they served lacked taste. Maybe I was expecting too much? Idk. On the other hand, their chicken was amaaaaazing!The service was great tho! Our waiter, Lloyd, was very welcoming and was always ready to serve us. I recommend people to come in early IF they want to be seated and served right away or else you will be waiting for a LONG time.
4	3.5 stars, but I'll round it up to 4 because they don't deserve an average of 2 and a half stars. I came with 2 others making us a party of 3 on a Friday night. Like everyone said in their reviews the wait is about 45 minutes, which is true. Although the other patrons start complaining about other parties getting called before them and the hosts nicely explain it's based on availability of tables and not the order you come in. C'on people give them a break they just opened, do you expect them to have everything perfect within the first few weeks?! The management team running this place probably have more restaurant experience than you anyway. Jackie was our server and she was pretty good for the most part. We didn't wait too long for our food because I think she had rushed the kitchen since we had asked how much longer it would be before our food was served. We order the chicken sisig, pancit canton and a whole chicken. Shoulda just ordered the chicken like everyone said. Although I did enjoy the pancit canton because they used a different type of noodle. On the other hand, the sisig was just a mess, what's up with the mayo?! It didn't have the vinegar in it like the traditional way. I read in another review it is like flop of mayo called sisig, which is true so I don't recommend ordering this. We had to wait a good 20 minutes to pay because supposedly the credit card machine was acting up, but Jackie was very apologetic about this. I must say her service did make our experience overall better. Lastly, the interior is pretty nice, beautiful for Filipino standards. Next time I need my chicken fix, I'll just order it for take out.
3	The restaurant was nice; hosts, waiters, and bartender were super friendly and service was great.  Unfortunately, the specialty (chicken) was a disappointment.  I am hoping they'd take pointers from their branch in Daly City as they serve super delicious fried chicken.
1	I understand that they just opened and the wait is long but if customers are willing to try them out and wait to be seated and served ... I think from then on at least the customer service should be pleasant and the food delicious and they would receive repeat customers. But my family and I did not experience any of these. The portions were small and way overpriced. To be perfectly honest I find the whole fried chicken that is made to order at Pinoy Pinay Restaurant more delicious, crispy and very flavorful. In fact my family and I enjoy Pinoy Pinay 's food better without the inflated price.
1	I've dined at Max's in Glendale, Ca a few times. I was ecstatic to hear of an opening in Las Vegas. I had my mind set on eating Max's Beef Caldereta (dish served at Max's in Glendale, Ca) with Garlic Rice.  Unfortunately, its not served at this location. This location is just serving the basics.I had the Chicken Sigsig, a Whole Chicken, Garlic Rice and the Halo-Halo. The Chicken Sigsig lacked flavor. It tasted like mayo mixed with day old chicken and slices of jalapeno. For a better tasting Sigsig , I recommend dining at Cafe Moda.The Whole Chicken was moist and tender. I enjoyed crunching on the crispy chicken skin. Though, I still don't know what the hype is over the chicken's flavor. My guess it lacked in this chicken.The Garlic Rice was good. Lastly, I ordered the Halo-Halo. Delicious! The best in all Las Vegas.The wait staff were polite and friendly.By the way, don't ask for water. Its tap unfiltered hard water. Ask for bottled water.In conclusion, the food is bland and lacks authentic flavor and the menu items are over priced. I wouldn't come back for the entrees until Max's Beef Caldereta is put on the menu to try.  For now I'll continue to dine at Max's in Glendale, CA. However, I will come back for the Halo-Halo.My recommendation for this Max's is to lower the prices (especially when the food is not that good and you are just starting out) and serve authentic food.
2	Serving portions are small, so you can somewhat say it's overpriced. They didn't have sisig when we went, and it was within the first two weeks of opening. Our food came in at different times which is unacceptable in my opinion. Our server was ok. Based on my observation, it doesn't look like they were trained. They are actually more concerned about cleaning up the tables rather than taking care of the actual customers. Overall, very displeased with the experience.
4	We sat down and ordered then I checked in and saw how bad the ratings were and started to get worried, but nothing bad happened on this trip. It's a new restaurant and seems to be experiencing the growing pains of learning their stuff while being crazy busy as times with all the buzz of a Max's here.We got Max's chicken and it was fried the way it's supposed to be, moist with that signature light crisp skin. We got garlic rice to go with it and that was standard, but good and not overly oily. I was just in Philippines a few weeks ago and the chicken was cooked the same way as it was there. Pancit palabok. This was decent enough. It was on the saucier side which I actually prefer as some places don't give enough sauce for me.Our service was good. He was really friendly and kept on our drinks. The turnaround time on the food coming to the table wasn't long either. No matter the Max's I go to, I never go during dinner peak times and definitely not on Sundays when Filipinos will flock after church in large groups and this will be a hot spot for Filipino birthday parties. The wait will probably piss you off and while the food is decent, it's not worth waiting a hour to get a seat so don't do that to yourself.  It's been open only 2-3 weeks so I hope they only get more consistent from here. I'm glad to have a sit down Filipino restaurant though since I rarely eat Filipino food. I hope my visits will be just as positive as this one.
3	Great place for unique food. Great service! The chicken is amazing! The San Miguel beer is also a good compliment to the chicken. The wait was a little bit longer than expected. But that's expected for a new place.
1	This was my 2nd visit here after their soft opening, so essentially this was a second chance. Pros (very few)-Courteous staff, very apologetic for their inadequate supply of favorite menu items. i.e. Lechon Kawali, Pork Sisig & Calamansi.-Clean dining and bar area. Most likely cause they just opened. (We'll see how long that'll last)Cons-Servers are not competent of their job description and are forgetful of serving basics. i.e. Always get the drink orders first before taking food orders or any food has come out, not informing patrons of items that are currently unavailable, forgetting to bring the dessert portion of the meal (which is included when ordering one of the combo meals)-Restaurant was only half full, yet the waiting area in the front was nearly packed and the wait was 10 mins on what appears to be a slow night. With that said, this may be a new restaurant in the area, but this is a popular and successful chain in the Philippines and California.  So they have no excuse for any short comings or inexperience with opening up this new location. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!!! Beware!
5	Las Vegas definitely needed a Max's restaurant and we finally got one. All of the food was cooked to perfection.  Sinigang, Pancit, Kare-Kare...etc.  I definitely recommend you dine at Max's!
1	After eating here a couple of hours i got hives and went to Urgent Care twice.  I believe they put too much MSG on their food.  I will never go back here again.
2	Very limited menu. Food was good and service was great. They are only open for dinner. Everything is also al a carte. The prices are a bit high too. There are other places in town that I will go for Filipino food.
1	They won't give you sauce for the chicken and everything is pricey.wont recommend to anyone
1	The food was delicious but the service is very disappointing. My mom and I ordered four dishes and one of them is nilagang baka, after they served what we ordered, the waiter asked us If there's anything else they can help us without realizing we still don't have plates and utensils on the table (kailangan pa bang i-memorize yan?). The nilagang baka is not hot anymore when I scooped it into my bowl so I asked the waiter to reheat it for us, so they did (thank you!). I asked for a new bowl so I can put the  hot soup in there then I waited for so long and it didn't came, so I stood up asked one of the lady (I believe she's the hostess or the cashier, a short Asian lady maybe early 20's) if she can get me a bowl and still I didn't get a bowl so I went to the door of the kitchen so I can have my FUCKING BOWL! and by the time I got my bowl my nilagang baka is cold again. Can someone tell me who's customer will still have the appetite to eat.No plateSoup is coldasked for bowl but it didn't cameDON'T DESERVE TO HAVE A STAR!I'm warning you people don't ruin your day
4	My white friends like this place too.There's a lot of butt-hurt yelpers on here.  Why so harsh people?  So i get it... your mom makes the best pancit.  Your uncle Boy fries the best lechon kawali. But man... Max is pretty legit!Took a couple co-workers here and everyone had a great time with great food.  Ordered a bunch to share:Fried chicken-  that crispy skin though!  hook me up with the Jufran (banana ketchup)Pork Adobo- seasoned well and a crowd favorite Lechon kawali- that fried pork belly so good!  Dip it with the vinegarKare kare- oxtail stew with veggies ina savory peanut sauce pretty legit, not amazing, but goodlumpia-  eggrolls-kind of bigger than i'm used to (no pun intended) but good appetizerPancit- stir fried noodles, standard and goodFlan-  sweet custard, deliciousness just like mom'sGot my filipino food fix here in Vegas.  My mom's pancit is still better than your mom's, but Max'z is a good place to introduce your non-filipino friends to some good filipino food.  Your filipino friends will still enjoy it here too.  OK... pass me the Red Horse
2	We are all from southern california and we went to las vegas last week to celebrate my wife's birthday.As we were strolling around Flamingo road, we saw this Filipino restaurant, Max's and we decided all to eat hear. We ordered every Filipinos favorites like lechon kawali, sinigang na hipon, fresh lumpia and fried chicken, not to mention a ton of rice,LOL!WOW....45mins after ordering we havent receive anything yet and we were all starving. The people next to us said that it took an hour for them to receive their order.We were all getting pissed and decided to cancel it if theyre not going to make it a lil bit faster.I dont know what happened but after 5-10mins, our order came out...ayayaiiii,finally!They have a good food,yeah, no questions about but their SERVICE SUCKS!SO SLOW, so make sure you go hear an hour before you feel your hunger or else, u might pass out due to empty stomach!A LOT OF SERVERS but LESS COOKS, THATS why!!!!!
2	We had my cousins birthday party this afternoon. As a chef myself, they started bringing out all the food all at once, guess what? They were all cold! Sinigang was bland, kare kare was also bland. I'm disappointed that the name doesn't hold its reputation at all!  I understand that most of our party was 15 minutes late but still isn't an excuse to serve cold ads, bland entrees. Its understandable that it's only a couple of months old but, management should've been prepared for such demand of this kind of chain here in Las Vegas. A town known for its culinary trends. Also,  half of the restaurant was half full yet,  the amount of people waiting at the entrance is just ridiculous!  I strongly suggest getting things organized because that is a fire hazard with people clumped up at the door! You should also train better bar servers/bartenders. The gentleman who had taken my drink order didn't even know what tap meant when I had asked him, what do u guys have on tap? He straight said. Sir what tap? Tap water? I'm like, WTF to that? He also did not know how to operate the POS system and how much my beverage was? Kudos to the other server who assisted the bartender. Overall wise, I will be back. But please remind the kitchen not to be afraid of a little salt and pepper. And if your kitchen staff wants to learn how to use proper seasoning?  Let me know ? thank you.
3	There is no sense of urgency in the service here.  They greet us and ask how many.  Then they continue to chit chat a while amongst themselves.  Walk in 5:45pm and it feels cozy, they have a fireplace on. It is clean and spacious. Walk by and smell garlic rice yumm!!! 6pm and I'm asking anyone if we have a server?  It has been 15 min since we sat and we don't even have water. 6:03pm and we place our order.  The server apologizes at 6:20pm. I had calamansi juice served with ice, refreshing and sweet. We get our food at 6:30pm. Starved! The lechon Kawali is good and crunchy skin with soft meat.  Tastes great with the Mang Tomas sauce. The garlic rice smells great and has the right dry but soft texture. Pancit palabok was also good.  Thank goodness the food tasted good.  I would give the food 4 stars alone. The tab for two of us came out to $31.24.  If only the service here was as good as the food. I was really unhappy sitting at our table waiting 45min to eat. Not the same experience I had in a Northern California location.
1	If there's a "zero" or a even a negative five, I would!....Service was really bad. I took my parents to this restaurant, really excited to see how they can match or perhaps surpass the service in Glendale, CA ...BUT! NOT!! Supervisor/manager was unhelpful. Unbelievable! this Manager needs to be Fired!...actually I'm calling the Corporate office regarding our interaction. It took them a long time to give me back my credit card. I even had to asked them what happened to it. It took them a good 30 mins to give me back my card!
3	Late post - this happened earlier last month.The long awaited opening of Max's is finally here.  Here are my thoughts about this place:1) WAIT = The long wait was expected because of all the hype. No problem there...the only issue I had was when the host tried to give my spot in line to somebody that he knows.  When I approached him about it, he told me that he doesn't have a table for 4 yet he offered a table for 4 to his friends that just got there.2) AMBIANCE = the ambiance was good. Definitely a good family place to dine in.  They also have a bar inside which is a plus considering their location. It also set up nicely for private events as there are sliding doors that could separate sections of the restaurant.3)  SERVICE = The service wasn't as good as expected but given the fact that they just opened 8 nights ago (dinner only), I have to say that they have to do a lot of training specially their bussers. It took 15 mins before we got our drinks while there are at least 3 bussers walking around for plates to be put away instead of making sure that all the customers waiting gets their drinks first.  I finally called one of the staff which seems to be a manager or a supervisor as he wasn't wearing the waiter uniform instead he was wearing a blue shirt with a tie. I had to ask for our water and informed him that we are ready to order. After placing our order, it took another 10 mins and my husband has to asked another server for our drinks. Our waiter Lloyd apologize multiple times about the delay which is nice. He made the rest of our dining experience tolerable.4) FOOD = We ordered 1 full chicken, regular crispy pata, regular kare kare and bicol express and buko pandan for dessert.  The chicken was ok, I think the one in Glendale was better. The Crispy Pata was amazingly good. It was fried perfectly on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. The Kare-Kare was also good. The Bicol Express is perfectly seasoned and spiciness hit the spot. The buko pandan was delicious but the winner for tonight's dinner was definitely the Crispy Pata.Overall, the management should consider training their staff more on quality customer service so they don't end up a failure like Goldilocks. We, Las Vegans are quite particular with the quality of service and food since we are blessed with many upscale restaurants. I would definitely give them another chance and comeback.
5	Yes! Finally a Max's here in Las Vegas. I love Filipino food, and although this may not be my Lola's cooking, it's pretty darn good. Daing na Bangus is my favorite, along with the Kare Kare. Don't forget the calamansi juice... Yum! Not sure why they some bad reviews, for a brand new restaurant, the service was great, servers were very friendly and attentive, the food was delicious, and the ambiance is awesome! I'll definitely be coming back soon.
3	Writing this after my third visit to this place.In short the food is good, the service however is not so good.My third visit 12/10/13 our server was Ian. But this dude decides to disappear on us after serving our food. On the other hand, another server Steven noticed us & made sure to get us refills & desert. So kudos to Steven.
4	Got seated in less than 5 minutes, food came out quickly and was tasty.I order the Shanghai Lumpia which came in a great eatable fried wrapper dish, the pancit bihon, an order of the chicken sisig (will not recommend), an order of the full max's chicken (which was great), an order of palabok, an order of the crispy pata, and an order of the spaghetti (which was too sweet and cheesy for my likeness).For the most part service was good. Great first time experience.
1	i am very disappointed with the service. i waited 45 minutes for 3 orders. and take note its "take out". the crew are running around cos there are a lot of people. well every crew has to have there own station. and the receptionist is out of sight. there were still people coming in and waiting to be sitted. but the receptionist is inside the kitchen making orders. management sucks. not organized at all. people are waiting, orders are not taken in time. like seriously???? its not an excuse that you are busy and helping others. you panic because you are not organized. not really worth the wait.
3	It's the infamous Max franchise! Now finally located in Las Vegas! We just had to go try it. The establishment is very nice and upscale, a lot better than most filipino restaurants, but the food and service was ok. They were out of sisig and kare kare which apparently his the most popular dishes. I was super bummed to find that we couldn't order it since that was all I was looking forward to. Other dishes included chicken adobo, beef steak, and pancit bihon and palabok, and sinigang. You can also divide or section off parts of the place if you're looking to celebrate here with a big party which is pretty cool. The service was good, and thy were very attentive and apologetic to us when they were out of certain dishes. However, to be out of not just one dish but two...I feel poses a problem if you're trying to service your customers because they expect to have whatever is on the menu.
1	low serviceServer doesnt know how to interact with a guest Server gives bullshit why the food is late but then I got my food coldI ordered "fresh and not saugy canton" which is that's not what I got smh Then the server said "it's already pre made" so I guess Max's food ain't fresh and they make you wait half to hour to get your food.Just because I ordered "Maxs Plate combo meal" the server said that's why they don't recommend it because it takes a long time THEN wtf is it on the menu?! They don't have minimum time to take out the food out of the table, just because there's a party going on it doesn't mean you have to use that as an excuse.Chef needs to be organize on there station not everyone focusin in the party I mean there's people waiting and hungry. It's a NIGHTMARE !!!!! UghThe drinks like soda cost $2.50 and the server doesn't even ask for a refill they care more other things than take care there tables or station.And this is the thing he apologize to my mom I mean I am the one who is complaining like wtheck and I ask question I don't get straight up answer ! Yeah I look like a child but don't treat me like a child coz I am an adult having dinner with my mom.My first exp is the worst already, second was better and then the third one is this one and I don't think I am planning to come I mean my mom said she will never come back too.
1	If you got time to kill and initially you're not as hungry,  then this would be the perfect restaurant for you. You'll be waiting on your table for so long that by the time your server comes (if you're even that lucky to get one to take your order) you'll be starving by then. Service is horrible!!  I've had better service at a hot dog stand than this place. Don't get me wrong the food is delicious and super tasty but don't waste your time eating inside the restaurant. Order over the phone and do carry out. I'll never ever ever come back to this restaurant even if you were to pay me to go. I don't understand why there's like 10 guys on the floor and our server only had 2 tables (that's including us)  and he told us twice he'll be back to take our order. Yeah right!  I think I have a better chance winning the lotto than to ever get my order taken.  I'm so upset this happened especially how slow it was at 3pm on a Friday. My family and I got up and left!  Get your act together management!  Your employees performance is ruining your reputation!!
1	This place is the worst. I would never go back. I went once with my family to try it out every one said there known for there chicken.  There chicken taste like every other chicken, nothing special.  Customer service is soooooo bad. This one server keeps passing by but don't ask if we needed anything and he sees our glass is empty and plates were empty.  I had to keep asking can u get this, can we get refill,  etc.Food. OMFG. No freaking taste to the nilaga baka. WTF.... on the freaking menu there was Max teaser but the server said they don't have it. Then why is it on the fu***** menu. Calamari no taste and small as portion for every thing. The calamari they make u can buy a box at 99ranch for $11. Evrything tasted horrible. The bill was $85 for shit.I would rather eat at fiesta Filipina restaurant is way better and bang for ur bucks.I ordered the crab fried rice yuk taste like shit like straight from the water. I asked if we can get it without peas and the server said its pre made. WTF!!!!! WHY IS THIS PLACE STILL OPEN IF FOOD AINT MADE FRESH!!! PRE MADE THEN INSTEAD OF CHARGING FOR FOOD THAT IS SUPPOSE TO BE FRESH THIS PLACE SHOULD BE LIKE A PANDA EXPRESS U JUST PICK OUT THE FOOD U WANT. HORRIBLE FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE. TWO IMPORTANT THING TO MAKE A SUCCESSFUL RESTAURANT...THEY CANT EVEN DO ONE!
2	Went here on a Saturday night. It didn't really seem too busy but I couldn't see the other side of the restaurant. The rating of 2 stars is more for the service and over all experience, not so much the food. We were seated in between a party of 4 and a party of about 10. The hostess shorted us 1 menu, which I guess is fine. It took about 10 minutes after being seated before the waiter acknowledged us, even though he had to practically jump over me to get to the table behind ours. After he took our order, we expected our drinks to be delivered prior to the meal. Nope. We had to ask twice for the drinks to be given to us before they finally were. The food was really good. A bit cold but overall, it was delicious. I ordered the Max's Budget meal which says it comes with Shanghai, but when the meal was given to me, there were not eggrolls on the plate. I had to ask the waited where they were and he said he had to make sure that they were included. Apparently, I knew the menu better than he did. He came back several minutes later with 4 eggrolls and said he forgot them. Service here was horrible. I hope it's b/c it was busy on the side of the restaurant I couldn't see. The food was really good though so I will probably just order take out from now on.
3	Service is slow. With that said, try this restaurant if you are not that hungry, like you just need to eat because you're bored or because it's dinner time, you know, those excuses.  -OR-Bring a very talkative or entertaining friend.Food is okay, nothing special.
2	The servers are friendly, but a little aloof.  I understand that the restaurant is fairly new, but I felt like it was amateur hour.  One of the dishes did not come at the same time as everyone else's and they did not seemed concern until we asked about it.  The food was okay.  I ordered the chicken adobo.  I liked the broth they used, it wasn't too salty and it was a little sweet.  However it was disappointing because the chicken was dry.  My sister ordered the fried chicken and that was pretty delicious.  It was tender and crispy.  If I ever go back I am probably just going to get the fried chicken.
3	Max. Max. Max. Max. Bout damn time you opened up only for me to find out that you still have a lot of kinks to work out based on reviews and word of mouth. So I was thinking  a couple months should give you enough time to get your S***T together.Fast forward to Monday, January 6th. 7 pm dinner time. 8 of us show up and are seated in a timely manner. So far, service seems legit.We ordered Garlic Fried Rice, Lechon Kawali, Sizziling Tofu, Chicken Sisig, Pakbet, Sinigang na Baboy, Fried Bangus, and of course, Max's Fried Chicken! We ended our feast with Buko Pandan and Halo-Halo for dessert.We got our food rather quickly. Again, service seems very good. It was not until we got all our food that the I noticed our server disappeared. We were enjoying our food but was wondering when we were going to get refills on all our drinks. We also wanted to order dessert. I would say we did not see our server for a good 15 minutes. We ended up flagging another server to find out where our server was. So he finally comes back to attend to our needs. As I told him that we needed refills and to order dessert, I smell the strong odor of cigarette smoke all over him and his breath as he acknowledged our needs. DUDE! Now we know where he has been. He obviously was on his break smoking. Pop a breath mint or 20. I hope he at least washed his hands. Memo to upper management or whoever is in charge of hiring and training your servers, either you need to do a better job of keeping an eye on your employees or hire better servers! I mean, when somebody goes on break, someone else is supposed to cover temporarily until that person comes back. So we get our refills finally and our desserts. At this point, I just wanted to finish and pay up so we can get out of there.Overall, I was actually impressed at the beginning until our server went on his break. It's such a shame too because the food was 4 star worthy but the service was no better than a 2. So this is where I can justify my rating of 3 at this point in time. Maybe in another couple months or whenever I feel that enough time has passed for you big wigs to finally pay attention to these reviews that have a common theme and actually do something about it, until then I predict your average will not go any higher than a 3.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #8
3	This place needs a lot of work for sure! The servers were friendly but everyone needs more training. I took my family here for my birthday. The wait to be seated was not that bad. However, the wait to get our food felt really long. I really did not like the fact that they did not build our order, they simply brought our food almost one by one. Our sizzling pork sisig came first and the others took a couple more minutes to get to our table. By the time the rest of the food came the sisig was not hot anymore. I was also very disappointed with the pancit canton. It was very watery and and it lacked flavor. The only good food that we ordered was the chicken everything else was just eh ok. I know opening a restaurant is tough but come on you are in Vegas and just a few minutes from the strip! I am giving this place 3 stars just because it's Max's Restaurant. If I was not familiar with the brand I would give this place a 1.5 because I know they could do a lot better. Tips:- Train all of your staff according to industry standards.- The kitchen needs to run quicker.- The servers needs to learn how to juggle their tables better.- The food needs better flavors (it lacks a lot of flavor).- Build the orders (don't just bring out one dish but bring them all together).- Please please please train each and every single employee better.
5	Next best place to Mom's cooking!  Authentic, generous portions and friendly service.  Worth my drive from Summerlin...just wish there was one closer to home.
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from San Diego and I was happy to find Max's Restaurant because it eases the homesickness a tad. The Max's in SD closed years ago so seeing it thriving here is definitely a treat. Since I arrived here in December I have visited this place about 5 times already. I have dined in as well as phoned in pick up orders. Through my  experiences, I didn't realize that this restaurant was fairly new nor did I have any qualms about the service I received nor the quality of my food. In fact, during my last trip here, our server Lloyd was very amicable, polite, and sincere. I almost felt ashamed to hear an elder regard me with "Po" so obviously I tried to be an even more pleasant customer.The nice thing is that a lot of the food here seems to be cook to order. For anyone who knows a little about cooking Filipino food, it doesn't take 5 minutes to tenderize your meat, deep fry your chicken, or soften your pancit. While I'm sure more kinks could be worked out in terms of speed, I'd much rather enjoy my food piping hot and fresh (with a 15-20 wait) than something that could easily be obtained from a "turo-turo" with a layer of soluble fat skimming the top.Also, we brought some food to my family while they were visiting. Everyone knows that a homecooking 83 year old grandmother is the harshest critic of Filipino food. Needless to say, my nanay enjoyed her food very much and was surprised at the quality of the sisig and pancit. To each their own.. Anyhow, it might not quite be like home but for a family who is too lazy to cook, a transplant who wants a little taste of home, or a tourist/newcomer looking to try a different sort of Asian flare, I definitely recommend Max's. Try their garlic fried rice, fried chicken, lechon sisig, and pancit miki if you want to be a little on the safe side. Also, their calamansi juice is very refreshing. They've been around since 1945.. they must be doing something right!
2	The food was really good, but the plates were super dirty. Bring your own plates lol.
3	Went here for the first time since it opened with my sister. We went around 5 or 6. The wait wasn't bad, when we came in the girl immediately asked " for two? " I'm a hotel management student, and that was a bad greeting, she didn't say welcome or anything like that. The place wasn't busy as it was still early for dinner. The server came and asked for drinks, and when they know you speak tagalog, they will talk to you in tagalog. We ordered, food came in a pretty good time, but the server brought it one by one, and when he served the sinigang he was holding the bowl on the top side, which wasn't supposed to be because his finger was close to the food.It was a good experience. Good food, but I didn't see any chicken on the menu, maybe i just flipped the pages too fast.
3	overall this place gets 3 stars due to the lack of customer service but great ass Filipino food in Vegas !
4	I came in with a group of 8 for the first time on a weekday. It gets really busy immediately after it opens, so you want to get here a little bit beforehand. We were seated quickly.We ordered a variety of food, including lechon kawali, garlic rice, palabok, and the specials. The food was really good. It reminded me of home and was heaven in my mouth. The lechon kawali was perfectly crunchy. The palabok was nicely sauced. The entrees cost more than other smaller Filipino restaurants, but I think it's worth it.The decor of this place is modern and I really like it. It looks clean and well organized. There are also dividers, which I'm assuming can be used for private parties.The service was okay; it could've been better. The waiter got one of the specials wrong, but it was no biggie.I recommend Max's, especially to those that want to try Filipino food for the first time.
4	Saw this new restaurant and decided to give it a try.  On the plus side, since the place is new, it's clean.  I like how the restaurant can be sectioned off for private parties.  I thought that was pretty neat.  Service was pretty quick and the food was tasty.  The only thing keeping this from a 5-star rating was the cost for liquor.  I ordered a Captain Morgan (rum) and Diet Pepsi (no Coke products).  My jaw nearly hit the floor when I saw the charge on the bill...$13.  I'd go here again, but I think I'll stick to beer if I drink.
3	Love the ambiance of the place because for once, there's actually a nice looking Filipino restaurant. Came here with family which was a party of 11 so they had to split the tables but informed us ahead of time so that was nice. We were seated within maybe 10 mins of waiting so it wasn't that bad. The menu doesn't have very many options which isn't a bad thing but with that, I was expecting a little better quality in the food and was kin of disappointed. Anyways, the waiter took our orders and the food came out pretty fast. First was this egg drop looking soup with bits of corn, carrots and ham(?) or spam? It was an alright soup. I wasn't impressed by it since it looked like something I could have whipped up easily and maybe even better. But it wasn't bad so I'd give it a 3/5. Then the main food comes out which was an order of pancit, one whole chicken, kare-kare, and lechon kawali.Pancit (2/5) - there was a very strong soy sauce flavor yet it wasn't salty. It was really weird but I really didn't like how I could taste this strong cheap soy sauce flavor. And it was also very wet. I'm not used to eating pancit like that and I just didn't think it was great. Max's whole chicken (4/5) - nice crispy skin, but the chicken was more on the dry side. I wasn't crazy impressed but I did think it was delicious but for the price I think I like my auntys secret recipe chicken much better. It was good just not good enough for me to come back and want more. Kare-kare (2/5) - meh. It was served in a medium bowl and looked like soup with veggies. There was barely any meat and tons of sauce, soup or whatever you wanna call it. Again, this dish didn't really "wow" me in any way. I just used that excess sauce to pour on top of my rice. The flavor just wasn't there for me. Lechon kawali (3/5) - I understand that this is deep fried but I was really turned off by the amount of oil that was just sitting on the place. And I usually LOVE lechon kawali but man that was some serious grease fest on that plate that I didn't even wanna touch it. I had like two piece but it was just insanely oily. I wish they would have maybe patted it down or something before serving it on the plate. The service was really great though. The waiters were fast and constantly checked up on our table. Super friendly. On the other hand, the food wasn't bad but wasn't the best either. I do admit that I enjoyed the chicken the most but I would only come back during family get togethers. I have Filipino pride but Filipino food is just too greasy for me sometimes! :/
1	Filipinos go to great lengths to find the next best Filipino restaurant out there, especially when the restaurant carries the name of one of the oldest chains in the Philippines, but unfortunately this Max's Restaurants fails to impress or sets out to disappoint. I ate there on 2 occasions ever since they opened, the first time was lunch, we thought that there would be a long line, but we were seated immediately, I thought great, we can make it back to work in time, wrong! We only ordered like 3 items and it took them 1 hour to bring it to hour table. We had the famous fried chicken, the skin was indeed crispy but the meat was so dry, you would probably need to double up on your soda order since they don't do refills, so Filipino mentality, tsk tsk tsk. The second time I went there it was a friends party, they had pre-ordered the food ahead of time as to avoid the hunger evoking wait, we had crispy pata, which wasn't that great, the usual chicken, pancit, kare kare, adobo that didn't look appetizing at all, over all the food was edible, at least they had a room that can accommodate large parties and give you some privacy. The service was below par, the server just left her cleaning cart in the room while we were still eating and did not really attend to our needs well, especially when you are charging/expecting a gratuity charge for large parties. The napkins were cut in half, so typically Filipino again. I am proud to be Filipino but Filipino mentality really irks me because hey are we not in America? Overall, will I come back? Only if i am not paying for it. Have the Filipinos finally found their white whale? Sorry you will have to continue searching for the best Filipino restaurant out because Max's is definitely sub standard.
2	The restaurant's ambiance is pretty good, the food is ok the negative thing about the restaurant is the service. Service  should be improved, had a party of 20 at the restaurant and the service with my guests were not really up to par for a restaurant. at this price. Some of my guest had complaints that the water wasnt refilled quickly enough. We will try to revisit and update this review hopefully it will be better than the last time we dined at max.
2	I've been to Max's about 10 times, 8 of them being before they even opened up. It's located in the old Lone Star Steakhouse standing alone between an Albertson's and Chevron. You can't miss it.The interior is very nice, certainly nicer than any Filipino restaurant I've been too. It's fancy like Vegas but not so cause there's no go go dancers. There's lots of seating and a bar.I did some research before coming and noticed Max's is known for their fried chicken and halo halo. I had the whole fried chicken dinner with two sides, some slaw and fries. The chicken was kind of disappointing. It wasn't meaty, juicy, or crispy. It was tiny for the price but had some good flavors, potential to being good. The slaw and fries were basic nothing special. I'll try the chicken again just cause it's what they're banking on plus it was their 1st day.The halo halo was good then again can you really screws up halo halo. For those who haven't had halo halo it's a cold dessert made up of shaved ice, evaporated milk, various beans, fruits, and fruit preserves. Sometimes there's ube ice cream which Max's does.They serve other Filipino food at pretty reasonable prices. The customer service is very friendly. Let them make their "special sauce" they get a kick of making it for you. I think it was nothing but banana ketchup, Worcestershire sauce, and something else, it was alright. I'd probably come back.
1	This place is a joke. It's NOTHING like the actual Max's in the Philippines or even the other ones here in the US. The service, the attitude, the quality of food and the prices are absolutely dreadful and pathetic. This particular branch is an embarrassment to the franchise. My family, friends and I, are fans of the brand. If you want to find out the hard way, to actually waste your money to dine here, be my guest. I guarantee that you will be extremely disappointed. I'm surprised that this place is still open. I'll give it a few more months. Who are the clowns running this place? Seriously! There are so many other Filipino restaurants in town, that would have far more better service, a positive attitude, a much more enjoyable and edible food, for the right price! My advice, don't waste your money here. I'm not a hater, I just take my food very seriously, especially when I have to spend my hard earned money. Definitely not at this establishment, ever. (That one star is the lowest. I wish I could've given them no star at all. They don't deserve it!)
4	I have to say that I finally was able to visit Max's. My visit wasn't at all bad- I read all the reviews prior to going, so I was very prepared for the non attentive service by our waitress. Took forever to order, food took a bit to arrive, didn't check on us once, and had to ask for refills as well as our check. Good thing I was with family, we were able to visit. Now as for the food, I ordered the basics, (5 of us) pancit canton, pork adobo, bistek, lechon, 1/2 fried chicken, and of course the large bowl of rice! Everything was delicious. I ate so much that I still can't breathe.As long as you don't expect great service, the food won't be disappointing, taste just like home.Enjoy!
3	Max's restaurant has very nice appeal to customers also including me, But the service not so great :/. The service was okay but needs to be improved. The lady at the counter when we first walked in was pretty much rude. She almost had a outside voice and just shouted at us to sit down. Plus they don't have enough tables and chairs so i think they might need to renovate. We pretty much waited for probably about 20 minutes to just get a table and maybe and extra 15 minutes to get our food ready. They need to speed up. Don't be a slowpoke actually speedwalk atleast instead of walking like you just hiked a huge mountain or ran a 5k marathon. Plus when my mom order her pancit and sisig her sisig had 2 pieces of scotch tape in it. When she showed it to the manager the manager decided to make half of our meals $7.00 off. I would say Max's is not a restaurant i would often go to but i would say it is okay.
5	Honestly liked the service.... Everyone was very nice... Ambiance is great. Food was good. The rating here in Yelp made me feel reluctant at first but I am truly satisfied with the service. Disregard the negative comments and give it a try...Otherwise Whats annoying are those feeling "stateside" people who are obnoxious and close minded. It's not like I eavesdrop but the loud gossipers kill my mood sometimes.
1	Thought I'd give Max Fried Chicken a try again.  I was there in November 2013 when they first opened and was sorely disappointed with the chicken.  it was almost tasteless.  Last night, we ordered the chicken, bulalo, garlic fried rice, and lechon kawali.  ALL of them were not up to par.  What a waste of my $$.  Max Las Vegas is very much aware of people's complaints of their flavourless chcken and, yet, they have not improved.  The bulalo was mostly broth.  We had two pieces of fat, a bit of meat, about 3 strips of cabbage and 2 corn on the cob.  I was expecting much more for $17.95.  The lechon kawali was not fresh at all.  The meat was dark and tough.  The garlic fried rice was just okay.  There was absolutely nothing special about it.  I have to say that our waiter, Gilbert, was AWESOME.  He was most attentive and very knowledgeable of their food items.  Kudos to him - just not the food.  I don't think I will be going back to Max'.
4	Really good food and great service! Definitely order chicken, add in some kare kare and fried lumpiang ubod (suggested by my mister) topped with the ubod sauce! Yum! Staff is really nice, very polite and always has a smile on their face.
1	Came today and try this new resto. Iam full pinoy and my standard of pinoy food is simple and basic: if my grandma and mother can cook better, it should not be served on restuarants. We ordered 8 things in the menu;ChickenSinigang na hiponLechon kawaliNilagaChicken sisigPork sisigPancit miki bihon LaingIn this 8 items only the laing is what my mom and grandma dont cook. Anyways lets start with the good, the chicken. Its one of the best crunchy and flavored chicken we had in restuarants, my mom agreed its good, and I liked it too.Unfortunately thats where the good things stops. The other 6 items (excluding laing which was okay regarding to my family, i have no taste for it.) So for the bland foods are the following; pancit and nilaga. It was so bland i have to use 1 spoon full of condiments to make them taste anything. The nilaga was served cold too. Next the super salty are the following; kawali, pork sisig, chicken sisig, all of this items have strong salty taste, too salty that we were not able to eat them all. Next the last one the hipon na sinigang, they got the "asim" part but they did not catch other flavor than that. This sinigang is missing that unique sinigang flavor.In the end i only was able to enjoy my plate due to the chicken that was really good. When i was over i had a full bowl of the soups (untouched) pancit on the side which i tasted only once, the sisigs were just next to my pancit and the other stuff making my entire plate half full. Oh i would like to add it took the service to come in 35 minutes. I finished the freaking 1 episode of a tv series before they come all together. Which i think is the reason why our soups were cold, if iam not wrong it means that the soups were sitting on the counter but they were waiting for all the foods to be finishes before serving them. In the end Max didnt deliver the filipino food that i expected. Back home they are known for the chicken, i guess they should only stick with that. Their are better less known restaurants for real flavored, well served, authentic filipino cuisine around.
3	Decent spot. I like the food and the people. I want to make this review long enough so it doesn't add it as a tip
2	Visited Vegas and went to Max's. Except for their chicken, everything else was bland.  Service at both visits were not up to par.  You get seated right away but it took 15 minutes before they took our drink orders.  When we tried to put in our food order the same time as drinks, the waiter told us we need to wait.
1	Im writing this review as I am walking out of this POOR service restaurant. I got seated at 4:35pm and there was about 6 waiters working, and waited for at least 10 minutes for service. We were ignored during that time, then decided to walk out of the restaurant. Neither of the waiters had asked what we wanted to drink nor if we were ready to order. We then went to Goldilocks where we got great service from time we got seated.
1	I feel bad because this is my first bad review, but the food here wasn't good at all. I don't know what it was supposed to taste like. It was my first time experimenting with food from the Philippines, but let's just say I'm scared for life.
4	Food was Amazing, was not a big fan of the fried rice with crab but everything else was absolutely amazing. Next time I am there I will have to try the hola hola
1	Horrible service! Asked for asparagus to be added to a tofu dish. Had to repeat it several times to the waiter, he then went to the kitchen to "ask" When he returned 10 minutes later he said it was to large of a portion for us. We told he we didn't care and to charge us for the asparagus it's fine.10 more minutes passed and a cook from the kitchen came to our table and informed us the manager would not allow the kitchen to put asparagus with the tofu? Twilight zone, possibly worst service I've had in my life.
4	The service here is impeccable! Everyone was so nice! The food was good also, it wasn't amazing but it definitely was a hit for me. I also liked the vibe when I came to the restaurant the people we're welcoming. I wouldn't mind coming back here whenever I'm around the area.
3	I ordered Maxs Fiesta Plate. It came with quarter leg and fresh veggie lumpia. The chicken here was pretty juicy. The skin was nice and crispy. Also ordered the sweet potatoe fries. They add sugar instead of salt for seasoning. All in all it was pretty good. The chicken couldve had a little bit more flavor but I still enjoyed it.
3	Went here Monday to give it a try. First and last time here. Service was great but food was just bad. The pancit was horrible, it had so much soy sauce. The beef steak has so much fat and was chewy. The place is very nice and clean but that's about it.
5	We had an amazing experience here on April 6, 2014. We came for late lunch, about 3pm. The restaurant was very clean, beautifully decorated, and the ambiance was so nice! Collette was our server and she was so accommodating and helpful! We had never had Filipino food in a restaurant setting, and she was really helpful in making choices, and also in making sure that everything our kids ordered was GLUTEN SAFE. Both of our kids have Celiac Disease, and so many restaurants either don't understand, or don't care about those with food allergies. Max's staff was both knowledgeable and caring! My kids did NOT get sick!We Had Pancit Bihon, Pancit Canton, Crab Fried Rice, Whole Chicken Meal, Half Chicken Meal and Halo-halo for dessert.  DELICIOUS!!!!It was also my daughter's birthday, and the staff sang to her and gave her a complimentary dessert. Very sweet. Thank you Max's Las Vegas for a wonderful experience! We will be back!!
2	I had ordered a to-go this afternoon (for my dinner at home). SO disappointed. I didn't liked it. I felt as if I'm gonna have a heart attack after! TOO OILY. I think I've tasted the oil more than the chicken. Ughhh!!! (2-thumbs down). Nothing can beat the ORIGINAL Max's in Sct. Tuason. Franchises in the states (SoCal & Las Vegas) have failed this taste test.
4	Decent food, nothing spectacular but the chicken and crispy pata were the highlight of our meal. I decided to give this restaurant 4 stars because the service was great. Our waiter Lloyd went above and beyond catering to our needs. Had a great sense of humor too !
5	Jaki, the manager attended to us today April 12 and she was extremely efficient.Food was excellent, we ordered kare-kare even better than in Max Manila, bulalo soup was delicious and all we ordered like crispy pata,lechon kawali,lumpiang sariwa, and the Max fried chicken was all VERY good. The desserts were divine!!!I give it a 10/10 score for good food and service. It is reasonably priced for that excellent food.Thank you Jaki!Edith Pingol
2	Oh man... let me just say that the food we had here was delicious. The service was lacking. That's putting it lightly.  I mean,  they weren't rude. Just S L O W...We came here for my Dad's birthday. They were not busy at all and it looked like they had more than enough staff and empty tables to accommodate the 5 groups of people waiting for a table (including our party of 6).  We waited about 25 minutes. Not too bad you would think, but when you see the staff just standing around and empty tables you'd think they could sit you right away, but no. There were also several tables not bussed the whole time we were at the restaurant. When we finally were seated, we pretty much knew what we were going to order because we looked at the menu while we were waiting for our table. We had the pork sinigang,  lechon kawali,  pancit canton,  daing na bangus,  Max's chicken, large garlic fried rice and small steamed rice. We just ate family style. Everything we had was cooked well and really delicious. My only complaint about that was that the dipping sauce for the lechon kawali was ice cold. Now the service. It took us maybe 15 minutes or so before someone came to take our drink order and since we were already aware of the mediocre service we ordered our food as well. We didn't want to wait another 15 minutes to order. 30 minutes later we finally received our food. The kitchen looked busy, but there were maybe 4-5 other tables in the restaurant besides ours. I don't know why it would take that long for our food. For dessert I got a buko pandan which I order at their restaurant when I'm in Oahu and my mom got halo halo to share with everyone.  The buko pandan didn't taste the same as the other restaurant in Oahu and wasn't the same green color. It looked really light. It wasn't as coconut tasting as expected. The halo halo was huge and my parents thought it was decent tasting. I wish they the service was better because I would go back, but I would rather not have to deal with the slow service. I really like the food here, but it's not worth my time.  Oh and by the way, the tables that had not been bussed when we arrived were still sitting there still not bussed when we left.  I don't think I'll be back unless they fix the service issue.
5	Excellent service.  As a vegetarian who is allergic to shellfish I was concerned when I saw the menu had a great deal of shellfish.  The server recommended the asparagus and tofu dish and it was delicious.  If you like garlic, I suggest the jasmine rice...super yummy!  Also, they have the best sweet potato fries...they add a dash of cinnamon!
5	Was very excited when my husband and I heard about Max's opening a restaurant in Las Vegas....woohoo!!!We frequent the Glendale location and wanted to see if this new store measured up to the one in Glendale. We were pleasantly surprised with the ambiance (sosyal,) love the feel of the place. We went in for merienda so that meant fresh lumpia, palabok, halo-halo, and squeezed in their famous chicken. I have to say "they've got the best chicken!!!" The halo-halo is to die for (love the little umbrella.) Service was fast and friendly. Our server was on top of everything, we didn't have to look for him to refill our drinks. Von checked on us frequently and made sure we had a pleasant meal. While walking in the door we said "Let's see if this place is as good as Glendale." Leaving we thought to ourselves "This is the new standard!" The kitchen, servers, and management are on point. These guys are in the ZONE. Will definitely be back soon for the chicken and awesome service. Keep up the good work!!!
1	We came by for dinner and from the beginning,  the front host was rude and did not sit us the area we want it. Then waiters took a long time to even ask us what drinks we wanted., maybe because the basketball game was on! Some of food was cold and other very salty, drinks very expensive for the side and service was terrible. Overall, below average since place look semi clean.
5	Well executed crispy pata -fast service-the milkfish was very tasty. Clean and prompt.  We will be back!
5	Stopped here on Saturday for lunch to-go during Memorial weekend. Ordered a combo meal and a regular bangus sinigang. The staff was extremely nice and made sure to keep me updated on how much longer my order was going to take. I was sitting in the waiting area and during the wait, at least 3 different employees came up to me to make sure I had been taken care of. Excellent service! Food came out right around the promised time and everyhing was delicious! Wish they had a location in Orange County, CA too!!! Highly recommend!
3	I'm so tempted to bring it down to a two-star review.. However, their chicken is crunchy goodness and finger-lickin' good! But this review goes to my waitress, Colette. Sweet and accommodating; she made me feel really comfortable when the other items on the "Max's Platter" did not. So according to the previous sentence, I ordered the the Max's Platter. 1.  Chicken:  actually more like a 2. Rice: actually very surprisingly good amount. Some restaurants skimp out on the rice knowing that their Asian audience will order more. But Max's takes care of you with that. 3. Pancit: salty and mine came out cold. Like that's just gross. 4. Random orange5. Random packaged caramel bar. No thanks, I don't want to eat something wrapped in plastic on my plate. Okay, so, Colette. I told her that my pancit was cold. And she replaced it without hesitation. I guess everyone else is on the sucky side here, and I lucked out! She checked on my food after it was replaced and told me to let her know if it wasn't to my satisfaction. Which it kind of wasn't because it was salty but that's okay I was full anyway. So two things. Chicken (with the Jufran) & Colette. Have a nice Thursday, reader.
5	Great food. authentic filipino food. Will recommend Nilagang baka, Lumpiang Shanghai and crispy pata. Lumpiang ubod was fresh and really good too. Service here is also exellent and fast. Awesome service by Rocky and gilbert. Rocky was always attentive and was always smiling and always asking if we need anything. Both rocky and gilbert thank you for providing us with an awesome service and made our experience here a definitely 5 star service!
5	Awesome place.... took my family there last night for my sisters birthday. Customer service was great and the food was even better.Recommend this place to everyone,  they have the best chicken in town...The prices are very reasonable for the quality you are getting.
4	First Filipino restaurant I have ever been too. Great service, very accommodate-able! The egg rolls or the filipino rolls as an appetizer are the absolutely best ones I have ever tasted. Very good and the sauce was just right as well. We tried two noodle dishes, one was the rice noodles and the other was like lo mien. They both were fabulous along with the speciality which is the chicken. It was some of the best chicken I had ever tasted, very juicy and flavorful. We shared it all and that is what I would recommend. If we are ever near these parts of Vegas we will go again! ENJOY!!!
4	First time here for dinner and we actually came back the next day for breakfast with friends. Customer service was great.
5	Usually go to Las Vegas every year and frequent the Filipino restaurants, but an old town friend told me that Max's was here. Did not register that this was the MAX's restaurant originally from the Philippines or the same one in Honolulu, Hawaii!Brand new restaurant. Service was great. We went at 6:00 pm - ish. For me, adobo was so good! Extra is the garlic rice, but still, it was SO good, I went back AGAIN by myself and ate at the bar. I finished the WHOLE thing and I was full. So good.I am glad that this restaurant is here and the outside lit sign says "Cuisine of the Philippines". It was nice to see some Caucasians in the restaurant (with no Filipinos with them). It seemed like they were enjoying the food also. Big families, big tables, nice atmosphere. Waiters seemed always wanting to please. I spoke to the hostess and said I hoped the restaurant was doing well, and she said it was!
3	Haven't been to a Max Fried Chicken in a long time.  This one is clean with a semi-quiet ambience.  I don't see why the chicken is special. The rest of the food,  nilagang baka, kare-kare, fried rice, crispy pata, was real tasty.  Service was average.  Our waiter was quiet. Receptive to our needs.
2	Their combo meals suck you, don't have a choice what you want in it. Also their chicken adobo sucks. If their chicken is their specialty then why does the chicken adobo taste different from the sauce which also sucks.
2	The last time I ate at Max's was for my sister's graduation back in the Philippines. It's been a while, but my palate have a very good memory. I was so excited to try this place out because it was one of my favorite chain restaurant back home, so I coerced my dad to go here with me after we did some grocery shopping over at Seafood City; We both were highly disappointed with this place. It's nothing like the Max's back home. Ok, maybe their chicken was good but that's about it. We ordered sisig, which turned out to be mediocre, had some lumpiang ubod which tasted fake, and their pancit bihon and the spaghetti that came with my daughter's kid's meal tasted like how instant ramen noodles taste like; My daughter pushed her plate away and said it was yucky and tasted like goop and paste. And the server we had wasn't good as well. I work in the restaurant industry and I always feel bad giving bad tips to servers but I barely wanted to give our server a tip. He was rushing us with our food, was talking to us condescendingly, and was rude and gave us bad attitude when my daughter accidentally spilled her drink on the table, and let me cleaned up after her without even offering me extra napkins or towels to wipe it up. All this happened while the restaurant was almost empty. I'm really disappointed. Hopefully they train their staff better and do something about their food.
1	I went here twice first time we ordered max's chicken which was good, kare kare- all soup no meat and bland, palabok- also bland, calamari -its fried so it was good and garlic fried rice- ok. Not the best food I've had and thought I should try it again, maybe itll be better. Tried for the second time, ordered sinigang, sisig, max chicken. Well it was all terrible except for the chicken. Sisig was soggy, sinigang was tasteless. The service as usually in this place was horrible and very rude. People here are not accommodating and act oblivious to everything wrong with the place.
4	We were seated right away with a friendly hostess. Our server was friendly and courteous. Didn't wait long at all for our orders. Food was fantastic. I ordered the sizzling beef Kaldereta and garlic rice. My mom ordered her favorite vegetable dish, Laing. She gave it her approval, 2 thumbs up. My son ordered max's platter which came with fried chicken and bihon pancit. And we ordered their famous Lumpia shanghai which was great!! Can't find good lumpia her in vegas.... Looks like I've found a Filipino restaurant here in Vegas. I'm very picky when it comes to Filipino food and I could not find a decent Filipino restaurant, now I have!
4	One of my top favorite Filipino Restaurants in Vegas. Must try the Max's Chicken, Dry Adobo and everything else on their menu! Soon they will be open late nights with drink specials and  meal deals. The atmosphere is nice and the entire staff are much nicer and respectful... You can definitely feel the "Filipino Hospitality" when you dine here!
4	Food Is typical Max's. Some dishes are great while others are just okay. Staff Is friendly. Establishment Is clean.
3	I was really excited to try this place because I had never really had Filipino food besides Jollibee's fried chicken. We came here for an early dinner and overall I thought it was pretty good, although it is really overpriced for the small amount of food you get and the service was a little lacking.Because I had only had fried chicken before that was my immediate go-to, especially because I heard that Max's is famous for their fried chicken. I went with a half fried chicken dinner and Tapsilog, which was a breakfast dish with strips of steak, garlic rice and eggs. I thought the food was really good, but I really have nothing to compare it to so I have no idea if it was authentic or not. If you ask Rachel S, she'll tell you it was so-so and that she's had better. I liked that the steak and rice had a light garlic flavor and that the fried chicken was crispy and juicy. What I didn't like was the price in relation to the small portions received. I mean, what kind of chicken are they frying up here? Cornish game hens? A 2 piece at Popeyes would've been more food than the half chicken they were selling here for $11.99!Service was also medicore at best...when we needed something it took us a while to flag down the waiter if we even saw him at all. Also there is a window where you can see into the kitchen and our whole meal we saw them running around with a fly swatter and checking the walls inside the kitchen...that made us a little uneasy...the health inspector might need to make a surprise visit here very soon lol.
5	My bf and I had a superb culinary experience here.  Laing, sinigang, and Max's fried chicken and white rice were what we ordered and it was all superb.  The waiter Noah was very nice and the food was served within about 15 minutes - I heard the Glendale (California) location takes about three times as long to get served.  If you want great Filipino food, go to Max's.  Actually, Max's was our second choice.  We were going to go to Wicked Spoon buffet but could not justify paying like 50 bucks apiece to them for food that we probably would not have liked so well, and neither of us is a big eater so as much as I wanted a Vegas buffet, I don't think it would've been worth it.  Next time I am here, I will definitely return!  I'm not a pinoy (my bf is though), I'm a Mediterranean mix, but I love far eastern food, Filipino food especially.  Not sure why.  The food and the people of The Philippines has always been a personal magnet.  Oh btw, the fried chicken is not even really greasy.  The way they prepare it is such that it is not like KFC's or other places that serve "real" fried chicken.  The meat was most and delicious.  I am usually a harsh critic - if I don't like something, I let it be known.  But there wasn't anything to criticize at Max's!  How wonderful is that?!
3	The famous chicken dish was too dry. The skin was crispy. The pinakbet was too simple and vegetables was over cooked. The pansit canton serve in a dark bowl. It should have been presented in a white dish, the canton had baby shrimps, unlike in the picture of the menu. Poor presentation of the dishes. All the dishes was served in a dark dish including the sinigang. Only the garlic rice in a white bowl. Attention to the manager of the restaurant, if you like Max's to be a success, change your serving dishes. Not going back.
2	So here is my review not in retrospect but in real time from my experience at Max'sTo start, it isn't good...was seated and waited for 10 minutes just for someone to acknowledge that I was at the table and ask me what I wanted to drink.  No menu at the table and had to ask the greeter to get menu.  Waited almost another 10 minutes for the waterServer came and introduced himself, ordered a sago and lunch. I don't know if the prep work is different in the USA compared to the Philippines but it doesn't take long to pour the drink toss in the jello and tapioca ...the drink itself is really good and just like I would have back in ManilaThe food itself was great...ordered garlic fried rice, half chicken and sisigHopefully they get it together so that the experience will match the food
5	The food and customer service is great in here!!! Try the chicken, sisig and pork sinigang!!'all great!!
5	I tried this restaurant and I must say it feels like I'm back in the Philippines again.  I read some reviews here on Yelp about this restaurant.   And some of these reviews aren't even true.  Just a bunch of haters who doesn't appreciate good quality filipino foods.  People say that this restaurant has small portions of food for a big price.   Not exactly.   I see normal size food for a reasonable price.   I got the combo with everything.  Rice, fresh lumpia, and crispy fried half chicken which the chicken is big not small as people suggested.  The chicken is extra crispy.   I can hear the crunch every time I took a bite. I was completely happy and full.  I also love there desserts.   I got the Halo-Halo ice cream which was really big and filling.  So if you want traditional filipino food, come to this restaurant.   They will treat you like your back home in the Philippines.
5	Max's Restaurant has always kept their standards high, i always go to this restaurant since the 80s and i still go back and order their chicken, Kare -Kare, Adobo, and lumpia. our family loves to dine here and will always be.
4	This food reminds me of going to a good ol' Filipino backyard party and for me, that's a really cool thing.  Came here with a few good friends who knew the management and we got to meet them so overall a good experience.ATMOSPHERE: The place is really clean, not like many other Filipino restaurants in Vegas.  The decor is really nice, very reminiscent of a Filipino house and the bar area is pretty nice.  It's not super loud inside so you can tell it's a nice, chill spot to get some good food.  I also like that they have a private area for larger parties.FOOD:  The food is as good as it gets.  True Filipino food that I could enjoy without having to worry about extra grease or fat, even though not everything is necessarily healthy.  Our group got the "C" set menu which included Kare-Kare and Lechon.  Everything was cooked well and tasted true.  The fried chicken was a tiny bit dry to me, but I just added sauce to help it out.SERVICE:  Our bartender (Heaven) was really nice and kept the bar really clean.  She also served as our server and everyone else that helped out was really nice.  The fact that many of the workers are native Filipinos shows that Max's sticks true to their roots.  No issues here whatsoever.
1	I would give this place a 0 for the horrible service if I could. Food aside, an incident took place today where one of my parents friend slipped on the floor due to the negligence of the restaurant. Mind you he was a 70 yr old man. He had slipped on some noodles (pancit). Right away we asked for the manager instead we got Von, the supervisor. Right away he was not professional about the situation and did not know what to do. He just asked for the identification card of our friend that had fallen, gave ice and towels and just went back to waiting tables. No incident report!? What kind of establishment is this!? To add salt to the wound only two halo halo desserts were comp and not the whole meal!!! C'mon now, that's just ridiculous!!! Our friend had to go to urgent care and we had to go back to this restaurant to confirm that our friend was not going to be billed by the hospital and it was the restaurant fully liable. We had to talk to the manager and to make a long story short at this point we waited over an hour and half. It was very frustrating to have some kind of copy stating the restaurant was liable for this accident. The manager kept insisting that everything is done verbal per company policy. Our friend is okay to say at least. This restaurant has been a nightmare to deal with!!!
4	Max's is a modern restaurant with contemporary design serving authentic Filipino dishes. This was my family's first visit to one of Max's restaurants.  We started off with Max's Teasers - lumpiang shanghai, sweet potato fries & calamares. For our entrees, we shared family style and had beef kaldereta, lechon kawali and garlic rice, and our daughter had the calamansi juice.  All dishes were served in large portions especially the garlic rice.  The beef and lechon were just the right flavor & seasoning, juicy and tender.  The calamansi juice was a tad too sweet.  For dessert, we had their yummy halo-halo. Overall Max's Filipino food was delicious and the service was great.  We'll be back to try their famous fried chicken and their other traditional Filipino dishes.
4	I do a lot of marketing in the area so when I saw this restaurant, I got excited as it was one of our favorite filipino restaurant when we lived in San Diege. So I decided to have lunch there that day. The team members were very polite with their hello ma'am, yes ma'am, etc. The place was clean, bright and big, unlike most filipino restaurants, where you stand in line and point out what item you would like. Max's had a menu you can choose from.  Since I was by myself, I waited for quite sometimes (maybe 10-15 mins) until someone finally came and asked if I've been helped??? What????? I tried to get their attention so that I can order something to drink at least since I was parched, but I seemed to be invisible to them. Anyways, the lady immediately took my drink order and said she will be back to take my order, I stopped her and told her what my order was, as I did not want to wait again just for them to take my order. I am on my lunch break afterall. At this time, I only had 45 mins left of it.  My drink was delivered to my table immediately followed by my order there after.  The fried chicken was really delicious, just as I remembered it. Then my bill was handed to me. Sticker-shocked!!! For a sago drink and lunch special with tax cost me nearly $21. What the heck, were there gold speckles on the chicken?? LOL.
4	Food is good and ambiance is great but I'm not big on eating Filipino food at restaurants. Since I'm a Filipina myself it's better to have that taste of authentic Filipino at a close Filipino friends house cause mama and gram mama can make something way better for free. They over price food for something that can be made quick and easy.
5	Filipinos and filipino cuisine enthusiasts have something to be excited about. This is the real deal. Although pricey, but just like any sit-down restaurant you are not only coming for the food but for the experience. Casual/trendy set-up with a bar welcoming you at the front door, as you turn the corner with a dim dining room, as you sit down you will notice that the small spotlights on the ceiling focuses on the table and not whats around you. The star of the show is obvious; the food. We ordered bangus belly, beef kalderata, lechon kawali and famous garlic rice. All done/cooked/presented well. Kaldereta had a different sauce than your normal fast food turo-turo place. Probably because its not populated with oil. Although msg is obvious it was executed well. The lechon was the hit. Crispy outside and moist inside perfect combo with the filipino staple mang tomas lechon sauce. Best lechon i have had so far. Great service, food takes longer than a normal filipino place, but worth the wait. Well done!
4	We stopped in for lunch at Max's as I was with three Filipino friends and didn't want to go to Jolly Bee (again!). We started off with the Pork Egg Rolls which were very tasty, along with the dipping sauce. I will certainly order them again next time.As the "main course" for lunch, had the Whole Fried Chicken, Rice Noodles with Chicken, and a bowl of Garlic Rice. All were very very good, and would order it all again, but will try other items in the future.The fries served with the Whole Fried Chicken were disappointing as they arrived cold. However, they were replaced with a sizable bowl of hot fries when asked for a replacement. The ladies liked the fries so much, they took the leftovers with them when we left.Overall, it was a very good meal, although somewhat pricey, but reasonably pricey. Not overpriced, even though it was Las Vegas.
1	Place smelled good, but it took more than 45 minutes to be told that my food wasn't even ready yet, I left.
1	The star is for the halo-halo only other than that, service was terrible. If you're ever in vegas, i don't recommend this Max's. Food was tasteless, greasy plus really terrible waiters. Lesson learned.
3	Visiting from San Francisco on a weekday afternoon and called in a takeout order on my way to the hotel in a cab. I arrived to pick it up 25 min later and they had lost my order of chicken adobo. They rushed a replacement order thru (cab was still ticking) and didn't mention it did not come with rice. When I got back to my hotel, I was disappointed to see it was gonna be just chicken adobo and nothing to soak up all that awesome adobo sauce.The chicken adobo was nice- but nothing amazing. I would maybe come back again to try something else, but maybe not as takeout.
5	My first time in Las Vegas and first time here! I ate at Max's back home in the Bay Area in South San Francisco but these was nice and clean. I had great service with this one waiter forgot his name. The beef kaldereta, crabmeat fried rice, pancit canton and classic whole crispy fried chicken was big portions and delicious! Too bad we couldn't finish it took it to go! But overall was great I would come again!
5	First of all,  the food was pretty good! The garlic rice was really good. This place gives Good portion sizes,  and the pricing is not bad either. Second, The service was excellent. Our waiters nico and leomar were very attentive and polite. Would definitely come back.
4	Nice and clean place. We came in around 4pm and its perfect time because its not crowded. The pancit, chopsuey and the house fried chicken are the best. Amd the finale, the fried pork chock =)...yummy and crunchy.
3	Ate here for my nephews' b-days. My review is based on eating here just once with a party size of 11. The only other table service filipino restaurant I've eaten was Salo-Salo and in my opinion that one went downhill through the years. This one definitely has a better atmosphere and the service was good.The food we ordered was serve family style. We ordered lumpia, kare kare, friend chicken, adobo, and palabok. We also finished the meal with Ube Ice cream. The food was good though my family (they were born and raised in the Phillipines) commented that the fried chicken was ok yet lacked the taste they were use to back home. I enjoyed the palabok. I'm happy they used the thicker noodles (other filipino restaurants use the thin ones). The ice cream was nice. I'm glad it didn't have ice crystals in it. The service was good with all the waiters filling our waters/drinks frequently. This place definitely is cleaner than Salo- Salo (no roaches roaming). Price-wise this place is a little expensive.
5	First time here and i love it. My fiance and I opted for bar seating and we couldn't have been more pleased. Our service came from CELENE the most awesomest bar tender and she not only helped me kick off my weekend with 1 1/2shot of tequila in my calamnsi juice but she was always on point, kept the bar so clean, rotated around the customers and just plain awesome. The food was great, yes, a tad bit pricey but it doesn't disappoint. I will definitely be back here. Thanks celene!!
4	The first time I ate here, I thought, man this place isn't as good as the other flip joints I've been too around vegas. I thought it was too commercialized and overrated that it didn't get the quality of the food right. But the second time around, they got it right. The food was amazing and the service was good. I ordered the Lechon kawali and the adobo. Sarap.
1	Today's service was below par. We waited 45 minutes for cold Nilagang Baka soup and fish!!! Waited an extra 20 minutes for the check. Filipino food is meant to eat fresh off the stove... Hot and made to order. Today's service and food was such a disappointment. $70 bucks for soup fish and noodles that tasted bland and cold is not something I would expect from this establishment... The staff needs a lesson in hospitality and speedy efficient service. Sorry Max..you're in the food industry...first thing you should recognize is you will frequently service starving customers who will be your worst critics if kept waiting.
2	The food was so bland!! The chicken was bad. Your better off buying a whole chicken at SAMs club or Costco! Don't order the kare kare. It dosent even taste close the to the traditional diSh. This place is a shame! Go eat at seafood city down the block
4	Came here for my God daughters Christening party.  We had a separate room for about 20 people all to ourselves.  We had the kare kare, chicken, lechon, and pancit.  The lechon was definately my favorite on the menu followed by the fried chicken, pancit and lastly the kare kare.  I will be back for the lechon however, id like to try other menu items.  For desert we got these complimentary Caramel Bars.  The texture will surprise you.  The caramel bar reminds me of eating cookie dough.  I actually really liked the bars.  If you've never had them id suggest you try it just for the experience.
2	Doesn't compare with the other Max's restaurants I have been to. Mid-week and the food tasted refrigerated and been in the freezer for weeks. Filipino food is meant to be very tasty and rich, not americanized and bland. Even my non-Filipino guests who have no idea how accurate the dishes should taste , were not impressed. Hope they listen to the feedbacks here , as I have been eating these dishes all my life and I know how good they should taste. Ambiance, location , parking and decor is great, but we came for great tasting food.
4	To make a long review short, we (group of 8 people) were very satisfied with the food and especially the service! The food came out fast and it was just as good as the Max's in the Philippines! The Daing na Bangus was so good! AND THE FRIED CHICKEN. So good!
3	good food if your craving for fried chicken
3	Great authentic Filipino cuisine. The pork adobo was amazing and the halo halo topped my meal off. I had the canton pancit, but it wasn't my favorite. I was a little disappointed that rice wasn't included in my meal and I had to order it separately. Also, the restaurant is off the strip so finding a taxi back was impossible. In all I definitely recommend that you visit this restaurant when you are in Vegas.
4	Small servings and expensive.  but the food is great. I love the lechong kawali, tapsilog and daing na bangus.
4	The restaurant interior was great... it is very well design and comfy as well...I ordered Max platter for lunch... it was quite big in portion... the quarter chicken was cooked well (and just good to it it with banana sauce) and tasty, the noodle was so-so but the garlic rice was good...All in all, it was an pleasent experience in tasting Filipino food... i will try their speciality pork belly, milkfish and their kare-kare as all those food looked great in presentation (in other table) for next visit...
4	Ate here a few days ago for lunch and was pleased with the food, service and the restaurant's interior decor/ambiance. I've been to other Max's locations and this one in Vegas is the best by far. The service was on point. Our waiter was nice and polite. Also, the restaurant was clean! Finally, I thought the food was delish! My husband's sinigang tasted like it was made from scratch and not from the mix. I got the chicken and pancit bihon and enjoyed every bite. To top it off, we shared a yummy halo-halo. The reason why I didn't give the restaurant 5 stars is because the menu is more pricey compared to other Filipino restaurants. I guess you're paying a premium for its class! ;)
5	11/9/14 was my first time eating here. I've eaten at this restaurant in the Philippine & Hawaii but not in Las Vegas. My God sons baptism reception party was here and it was a party of about 100 guest. The set up was nice and very exclusive. Food was amazing!!!! Omg I ate so much yummy food. The service was great as well. I look forward in coming here for dinner again :)
4	Coming from NYC I was ready for what this place had to offer. I ordered the whole chicken, tapsilog breakfast, Pancit bihon, beef soup, stir fry beef, milkfish breakfast, garlic rice, fried calamari. Out of all these dishes the calamari sucked, they should just stop serving it. Everything else was really good, especially the tapsilog.
4	Had the Bicol pork; fried pork belly in coconut sauce. I had mine over the garlic rice. Very tasty. The order would have fed two easily. Service was very good, wait staff friendly. A little pricey, but it is a lot.
4	PArty of four. Service was great. The bar was depleted a bit but we found plenty to drink other than wine. The food was all tasty and fresh.  Cost is good value for money thus the four stars. You can pay more and get better quality but for the price it was all good.  I recommend for others and will return.
3	All I can say is it's ether a HIT or a MISS ! Ngek. Some days you'll get the best of both worlds good chow and good service and some days will just be " what Happened?" Sigh :(
1	Very very very slow service. Reception acts as though they have not been trained to handle a full restaurant. After taking our order we were told by our waiter that our order will be delayed. Good food but badly trained staff.Management lacks the knowledge of how many servers should be working during peak hours.
1	The wait is already long. So understaff. Its so chaotic. No one is really running this place. Orders are taken after sitting for 30 mins. To the owner, please this is America. Why not come and help your business thrive. We are trying to help out Filipino businesses but too bad. We aint coming back.
2	So I went here a while ago with some family for dinner. The woman at the desk said it would be an20 minute wait but they had us seated within ten minutes. No problem. We order our food and drinks and wait. And Wait... And wait.. And wait some more. When I checked my phone I noticed that we had been waiting for 40 minutes for our food. We asked our waiter how much longer the food would be and he said "soon." Twenty minutes later, we finally got our food.We were so excited to get our food only to find that it was cold. The flavor was good, but when you're starving and wait about an hour for your food, you expect it to be up to standard. So the fact that it was cold kinda put us all in a bad mood. Especially when the people sitting next to us who just came in got their food before us! Really, annoying.So the food was good but don't come if you're hungry because you'll have to wait a long time. The staff was polite and apologetic about the long wait. We even got a little free dessert because we waited so long. Overall, I'd probably come back because of the taste of the food. You should give this place a try if you're willing to wait.
5	Best fried chicken in town! We also ordered sisig bangus, pata tim, bikol express, pinakpet and garlic rice. Food's delicious @ reasonable price. Great for large family.
4	We ordered of course their famous max fried chicken, nilagang baka with patis and sili , pata tim, and garlic rice
4	The chicken was really delicious. The palabok and Kare-kare was excellent. The service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
5	Took my parents for their wedding anniversary! 52 years ago, they celebrated their wedding reception at Max's restaurant roses ave. dinner per person was only 2.50 pesos.
5	dined in with my family a couple of days ago on our 3rd day in vegas. we aren't from town, so it was nice knowing that there was a fancy, sit-in filipino restaurant with a pure quality food aside from the normal fast food Jollibee and Chowking. i have been to the Max's in Baguio, Philippines, so it is safe to say that this one stands almost at par with. great food and great experience. just wish that we have a Max's closer where i live.
