1	I've tested plenty of fuel in my vehicle and hands down, shell and texaco both give me the best MPG results. I will get anywhere from 18 - 22 MPG with shell and texaco and almost everywhere else, it's more like 16 - 18 (18 on a good day). Sadly, this particular shell charges an added eight cents per gallon if you use anything OTHER than cash. seriously? if you're gonna be the ONLY place in town that does this, at least make it reasonable, like a $.50 surcharge. How rediculous, 8c per gallon :-/ I don't like filling up here because only because I never have cash on me - who carries cash anyway? I'd be willing to even do a debit transaction, but this place charges extra for that too. Whatever, I'll just fill up down the street, where I don't get an added fee.editAccording to the following info I found. Retailers are giving a "discount" for using cash and NOT charging a surcharge for using a card. Effectively, they're raising the price of gas, and discounting cash customers. - ocregister. com/articles/credit-344140-cash-card.htmlApparently, "The dual pricing emerged after credit-card titans MasterCard and Visa reached a court settlement in late 2010 with the U.S. Department of Justice, said Jay McKeeman, spokesman for the California Independent Oil Marketers Association in Sacramento.Until the federal settlement, Visa and MasterCard prohibited retailers from giving consumers discounts for paying with cash or with credit cards that charge lower fees.Part of the retailers' agreement (with credit-card companies) was you could not charge a differential price for credit cards vs. cash. But the credit-card companies agreed under the settlement to stop enforcing that provision.Ostensibly, service stations aren't charging more for credit-card payments, they're offering a discount for cash payments. Some questioned whether the cash-price signs are legal under state law. California law prohibits surcharges for credit-card use. But discounts are OK, so long as the retailer posts both prices."
1	Stay away from this place!  A little over a year ago I was robbed at gunpoint at this establishment and learned they do not have functional surveillance video.  The attendant did nothing to help me after the incident and didn't even phone the police! I haven't been back there since and encourage you all to avoid it as well.  It is unsafe and not  properly monitored by the management or the employees.
2	I hate that this gas station has different prices for debit/credit card users than cash users. it's false advertising to list the cash price on the big sign out front! go two blocks east on thomas and you will find gas for $.20/gallon cheaper
