4	I was greeted with a warm welcome. Their stores are somewhat small. But it is packed with a lot of sterling sliver and fashion jewelry. There is a one huge table in the middle of the store. The employee said that everything in the store is 50% off. Oh man I wanted to get some stuff. But I was overwhelmed with so many choices that I had to leave the store sadly. Plus my feet were getting sore from all that walking in Vegas. You know how that goes. They do have a website though which is cool. Next time when I'm in Vegas I know what to get. I have a game plan now.
4	We've been stopping in this store for a few years now. I remember going to a location in Southern California years ago, before this store opened up, so I am familiar with the "50% off everything" deal (whatever the marked price). But last night, we actually did make a purchase. Three ladies were working last night, one of them asked my husband many times how he was doing. Rings are sorted according to size in the middle of the store, on the counters, in velveteen covered boxes. Nearby (hanging) are necklaces and earrings. On the walls, there are pendants, and more earrings. One part is labeled "Genuine Stone." But you might need to ask about the actual type it is, as the label does not always reflect the type of gemstone (turquoise, opal, larimar). The higher-priced items are protected in the glass cases which are locked, and you will need assistance from the employees, if you want to know the price or if you want to take a closer look. Everything's arranged in an orderly matter. Lots of pretty .925 Silver jewelry here.My husband had been looking for new earrings and he found two pairs (under $20) with Beth's help (she wasn't pushy). I was just looking, but I spotted a larimar pendant with a thick bail that resembled bali silver, and knowing that larimar is somewhat rare and only found in the Dominican Republic, I couldn't resist @ $34 (I saw pricey pieces in Hawaii this past February, well over $100 and even in the $200 range). I didn't need a chain because I can use my other ones. In the locked glass display case, there was a gorgeous larimar and mother of pearl bib necklace marked $590 (remember it's half this price), which is out of my price range, but it was gorgeous!You never know what treasures you'll find.
1	Before I begin let me just say this used to be one of my favorite jewelry stores in the entire world as I have traveled quite a bit.Now for the reason I am giving it one star. In 2009 I found this once gem and from then on started coming twice a year. A greeting with a smile & accommodating staff - it has been this way for 4 years prior until...this year. I came in with my three bestfriends (one of Mexican descent, one African-American and one of half half Philipine descent. I myself am both Hispanic and Asian). I was looking for a new promise ring for myself and for my boyfriend as well since I had heard they finally had rings for men. Now for the reason I described myself & those with me - On the night of November 18th we walked in and were greeted with darting eyes. After we began to touch the ring collection, the women working that night who should have greeted us proceeded to then latch on to each of us and followed us from case to case right on our heels not in a friendly nor accommodating way. I previously worked in retail so I know how things work. They constantly stopped us,  asking to count our rings which normally would be fine but in such a small store and space,  as many times as they stopped us and asked us was absolutely absurd. I was beginning to feel uncomfortable and very unhappy. Just in case it was just in my head, my best friend proceeded to test the saleswoman following her to see if she was truly following her. She moved from one side of the small table to the other then repeated it 3 more times. The woman was most certainly following her as was the rest of the staff with each of us. One sales woman must have felt that harassing us this way was so funny that she actually started dancing right behind us while watching us. I became quite angry at this point as did my best friends. We had come to shop and for them to help me pick out promise rings that my boyfriend had given me money to do so. It was meant to be a happy and enjoyable experience and was anything but.. We were then almost rushed out. To know that people on this earth still act like this was quite disheartening. It was the first time I have ever had such a terrible shopping experience and one of the worst ones including all the other countries I have traveled too. On top of all of this, the quality of the rings have declined as well since last spring. Both staff and rings have changed for the worse. I no longer will recommend that people go to this location nor will I ever visit here when I come in from out of town, especially if this is what they stand for.
