4	Tasty food on a nice property. Welcome to the club. ;)
3	This place is located in Trilogy. It is a cafe where people can grab something to drink or a bite to eat. It has beer and wine. The trilogy people love the happy hour from what I hear. I have been here for lunch and its pretty good. Most things are tasty but the consistency varies. Most of the time I love their egg salad but sometimes its different and I do not like it. I have had the shrimp tostadas and they are excellent. I had the mexican salad the other day and did not care for it. There were very little beans, iceberg lettuce, and the cheese was not flavorful. The servers are always friendly, but the food can take a while.Overall I do enjoy it, and will be back. It is better than the Verde grill.
2	One of their employees commented to me that they are instructed by management not to clean up or buss the few tables in this dinky cafe, "because the patrons would then expect it", rather than learn to do it themselves.When they are busy, they set the just-cooked food on a small counter top that is used by customers for dirty dishes.  Often, you have been given a "buzzer" which they activate when they set your food on this "dirty"counter.  At certain times of year, there well inevitably be flies on your food when you pick it up to take to your table, as, weather permitting, they have the doors to outside wide open.So, I would say the place is often unhygienic and disorganized, even though it has only about five tables inside.In spite of the above, the food itself is quite good.  This is another of the facilities associated with Trilogy that, having a captive customer base, is truly not at all competitive with the "outside world".Also, many somewhat elderly residents come into this cramped space soaked with sweat immediately after working out in the exercise facility just down the hall, and are often extremely loud.And, believe it or not, the dinky little cafe has the major walking traffic from the parking lot to the pool running between the tables, so that groups of people in bathing suits and carrying all sorts of pool paraphernalia "squeeze" past you as you are eating.This may be the poorest design for a cafe I have EVER seen.Too bad the place is not better because a really good place would be very busy.  I'm guessing Trilogy is home to at least 3000 in winter and half that in summer, yet this place  often is dead.
