4	I've been shopping here for years and years. Treasures galore of the home goods variety.This weekend I bought a couch and the ordering and delivery set-up process was a breeze. Plus, the contractor they use for deliveries has incredibly reasonable rates. Yay!
4	I just bought a house....so of course I need a good home supply store for improvements, paint, electrical, and any other things you could possibly imagine.I've been to many "hardware" stores and I have to say this Menards may be my favorite in the Madison area. To be specific, I had a plumbing question and I needed assistance in what to buy right away. I was sitting with all the water shut off in the house and I needed this problem fixed asap. I explained the situation to the guy working in the plumbing section and he walked me to the products, then specifically explained every inch of what I had to do. I was amazing. Great customer service! I enjoy that Menards hire's employees that know what they are talking about. The most surprising thing about this store was the great deals on grocery items I have found randomly walking though the isles. I even found a great dog bed for my fat little bulldog that he enjoys so much!A Great Store!
2	I miss "my old Menards" - the west side store is so awesome; it has a great layout, decent checkout speed, things are easy to find, it's big and bright... Unfortunately, this Menards shares nothing in common with its western sibling.+ Fairly close to my home+ Typical Menards stuff- Horrible layout; things are just scattered about in odd places.- Lack of sufficient, active checkout lanes- No room in checkout lanes for your items to accumulate as you're paying for themI wish Menards would choose a store layout and stick with it across all locations.
5	I have always been a home depot fan, myself, but have recently started to visit Menards more frequently in recent months per request of my handy-man boyfriend. They have always had the products we are in search of and often have great sales that I have taken advantage of from time to time. Recently we went shopping for a project and I picked up a poinsettia for the holidays. When we were checking out the woman at the register asked if I have a cat (I do!) and let me know that poinsettias are very poisonous to cats if they eat them and she would have for my cat to get sick..or worse..because of my holiday decorating. I couldn't be more appreciative! She truly went above and beyond the assistance I usually find at hardware/home improvement stores. Thank you, Thank you!
2	I really dislike Menard's.  For every positive interaction I have, I have two negatives ones.  My husband and I just bought a house, so you can imagine how much time we spend here.  I prefer Home Depot but the prices are so much lower at Menard's.In the matter of two weeks, all of this happened:1. I bought a can of paint for our guest room.  I wanted the best paint, with the primer, all the bells and whistles.  I was covering purple.  I needed it.  The salesperson said I could pick from any four.  Yet, he could not tell me why one was rated higher or called premium over the other.  It was weird.  Like here are your options but I can not tell you what their difference really is.  And some were the same brand.2. When painting the ceiling of said room, we open up a can of paint and notice it has clumps in it.  This paint was about six months old.  Nothing happened to it.  So we go back to Menard's.  We have shopped at several area Menard's, because we are about convenience.  The lady at the counter was SO rude.  We did not have our receipt and could not find it in their system.  We pay for most things in cash and apparently this is NOT a good idea at Menard's.  It had a Menard's sticker which this location does not use (but other locations still use).  EVERY time we tried to talk to someone she kept speaking over us and saying this can not be from here.  We then had to repeat AGAIN, that we do not just shop at this location.  We shop outside the city sometimes.  We pick things up on our way home.  Another rep interceded and offered to return it for us.  She was SO nice.  I wish I remembered all of their names.  But she needed a person from paint to approve it.Before looking at the paint, a rep spoke to this RUDE customer service rep and said he could not take the paint back.  It must be our fault and that is that.  Then they said they could not take and dispose of it.  Nice huh?  No one asked us anything.  The paint was BRAND new!  3. The same day we went to return the paint, we wanted to look at screen doors.  There was no one in the section and you would have thought we were pulling teeth when we did find someone.  He was SO short with us and kept walking away while we still had questions.  It was ridiculous.  So the prices keep us going back but the rest?  Awful/Hellish.
2	I've revisited this Menards countless times over the past few months. Lately, I've only been coming here when I absolutely must; I much prefer going to my local hardware store - their selection for anything that's not a big-ticket item is better, as is the service and overall experience. - There are signs posted in several places that claim, "No waiting for savings! If there are more than 2 customers waiting to check-out, we'll open additional check-out lanes!" -- I have yet to see this happen. A most recent visit left us waiting in line for nearly 10 minutes before checking out.- The indoor/outdoor lumberyard is a source of frustration. I would venture a guess that one of the more commonly sought items from a hardware store like Menards is the basic 2x4 (or similar dimensional piece of lumber). Any idea where they're located? We wandered the indoor lumberyard for a good 5 minutes before realizing that the 2x4s are located in the faaaaaaaaaar back corner from the main entrance. You have to walk by scores of 1-by-whatevers, fence posts, fence slats, decorative posts, synthetic decking, lattice, and other rarely used items before you get to the 2-by-whatevers. Do you need pressure treated wood? That's outside, somewhere. Do you need cedar? That's on the opposite end of the indoor yard. Do you need plywood? It's at the front of the lumberyard. Do you need insulation? It's in the middle of the lumberyard... catch the problem? There's zero organization/logic...- The outdoor lumberyard. I hate (as do my contractor friends) checking in and out with the lumberyard guard. Put it all inside like every other store does and call it good.- Limited supply of plumbing items. I recently needed a Sharkbite connector for a plumbing project I was doing with PEX. Menards didn't have the fittings, but my tiny little local Ace Hardware did. A few days ago, I needed a John Guest fitting, which Menards didn't have, but my local Ace Hardware did. + Holiday sales are usually a good deal, especially for large ticket items like ceiling fans and whatnot.
