5	Friendlier than B-Side, less hip (in a good way) than Exclusive, Madcity is where the serious local music-makers (and -lovers) shop. The vinyl selection is AMAZING and the clerks are smart without being smart-ass. What you'll find: midwest artists' releases, new/used vinyl, new/used CDs, magazines, rare/collectible stuff, and a clerk or two with his finger literally on the pulse of the local rock scene. What you won't find: a clerk that will be willing to special order you the latest Steven Seagal country CD. (Come on, guys, I heard it was really good!)
5	Wow, I can't believe I haven't reviewed MadCity yet. I've been to most of the music stores in town, and they're all pretty good (especially considering that in my neck of the woods now, my selection is limited), but I can confidently say that Madcity is the best. Madcity has a very good selection of vinyl albums, including 45s (which I almost never see anymore even in specialty music stores). There's also an extremely good collection of 60s CDs; most good record/CD shops have plenty of the familiar hit-makers like the Beatles, the Rollings Stones, the Byrds, various Motown artists, etc. How many of them carry music by obscure 60s bands such as Love, or The Gurus? Also, their selection of progressive rock (i.e. Yes, Emerson Lake & Palmer) is very good as well. Contemporary stuff is in abundance here as well. If  you live in the Madison area you absolutely must come here, and even if you are just visiting the area... you still pretty much need to make a stop here if you are a music enthusiast.
5	A great independent music store.  Really good selection (plenty of obscure stuff).  Lots of vinyl.
5	This place has the best selection of music in the downtown radius.  Scratch that, the best selection in Madison period.  I don't mean the have the most music, just the best of the best.  And their 50 cent-$1 vinyl selection is pretty fun to browse through.  The owner seems like a pretty cool guy as well which is nice because he's honest and not always trying to sell me up on something unlike the creep at Strictly Discs.  They have a convenient drop box for 4 Star Video too which is handy now that I live on Willy St.  Hey kids, stop all the downloading!  Support your local record shop.
5	While in Madison for a day, I needed to find two specific records....The Association and Sniff'n the Tears.  I went to B-side but they didn't have used vinyl. So I checked out Madcity. As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted with a smile from the guy behind the counter(I soon found out he is the owner).  I was left alone the whole time(which I prefer at record stores).  I was very satisfied with their selection of used vinyl. Madcity is obviously aware that they are catering toward townies and students so they keep their prices appropriate. While I didn't find the two records I was looking for, I did walk away with three gems...Purple Rain by Prince for $3Simon and Garfunkels greatest hits for $3Kick by INXS for $2This is a sweet store with a sweet owner.  No pretention, no games. Just the way I like it.  I even joined the Madcity facebook page...and I don't even live in Madison.
2	Great vinyl selection.  Decent used CD selection.  Their new CD selection could use some work...or maybe I'm just picky because I'm a prog-rock fan and all I saw while I was there was stuff that I could pick up at Best Buy.  The "music" they were playing on the store system the day I was there was some annoying-ass avant-garde experimental crap that gave me an immediate headache.  Went in hoping to find stuff I couldn't find anywhere else...left disappointed.  The Exclusive Company has a better CD selection.  Go here only if you're looking for vinyl.
5	I've checked out most record stores and this one is at the top of my list. I hate feeling pressured and judged when I shop for music and I've NEVER felt that way here like I do by the pretentious owner at Strictly Discs. The owner of Madcity is pretty chill and friendly, so I never feel intimidated. The selection of vinyl is pretty spectacular too, and at great prices. My favorite thing is their marketing (videos and such)...it's so cheesy and fun that I can tell what kind of environment they create for their customers, and it's very inviting.
5	I've been a customer of this store for years.  The best thing I love about this store is you can listen to the used CD's and LP's.  I've found things I would never have bought, but after listening to samples of the CD or LP, picked it up.  It also has worked in reverse, where I've listened to a CD or LP and decided not to buy it.  They also buy used CD's and LP's.
4	I love this store. You walk in, no one bothers you, skim through their selection, buy if you like it or just walk out if you didn't find what you were looking for. They have a limited amount of my genre of music that I like but that doesn't stop me going into this store once or twice a month to check if something new/used had come along.Two thumbs up.
5	I was able to find some old, good music in their $1 (50 cents if you buy ten+) sale section. They had the elusive Tribe Called Quest vinyls so I had to pick that up. I didn't know what to expect as I walked in but the guy behind the counter left us alone to browse. He was playing 50's rock and roll, which annoys no one! I even found a vinyl of Juan Gabriel! Maybe the only one in the store but it's mine now. I wouldn't hesitate to be back.. their sale section was filled with so many hidden gems (The Mamas and the Papas, Santo and Johnny, The Supremes to name a few).
4	It's a nice shop with an array of different selections and a very knowledgable staff of not only music for sale but the local venues
