1	I ordered some Long John Silver food, the food was cold and as I drove all the way to my hosue I found out  they gave me the wrong order. Plus the lady at the drive thru window was rude.
1	If I could go for no stars - this place would be it!Our order was for take out. Waited 15 minutes for our order, along with everyone else. Than once we received, I glanced in to the 3 bags - all looked good and we headed out.Got home and we didn't have L2 or L3 and ended up with 2 ears of corn, dozen hush puppies, and not what we ordered. Returned waited again just for someone to help me - was given correct order, was never compensated or apologized to.We were not the only one with an incorrect order. There were 3 other people around us that were given the wrong order. Only the man in the Postal out fit got comped his meal, amazing!Not going back again - it's just too frustrating.
3	My past experiences have been pretty much like everyone else's. However, I see a lot of new faces and I believe a renewed effort towards customer service. Keep it up guys, your on the right track!
5	I usually only post negative reviews, but our last trip to this location was outstanding from a service perspective.  The cashier was very helpful in making sure my daughter's quesadilla did not have the spicy sauce as requested, then came by the table after we started eating to ask if we needed hot sauce or a drink refill.  Oh yeah...and our order was right for the third visit in a row!
5	It was around 7ish in the evening on 10/3 when "it" happened. I had had a distressing phone conversation that left me crying before I went through the drive thru to get a quick dinner for myself  and my son. After I had paid at the window and received my order, the amazing team member handed me a caramel empanada and told me " I threw in this empanada because it looked like I need something sweet". Thank you so much to the observant and  caring Taco Bell team member- you made a positive and significant impact on a customer tonight. It's beautiful to see that there are still humans that care about others.Thank you.
