5	Brand new place that already has an amazing vibe.  Weeknights are where it's at because the bartenders have time to make you some gorgeous, well-balanced cocktails.  It's more of a traditional bar scene on weekends but that's not a bad thing as they have DJ's pumping some pretty nice house music.  Factor in all of that with some sweet decor, great location next to some other bars, and you've got yourself a great night out.  Check it out!
4	The cocktails on their bar menu are fantastic!  I had the leopard's spots, rum dinger, and the rosy cheeks!  All were made with such care and the flavor profiles were so fresh and fun!  I went on a Saturday early evening and my bartender was incredibly knowledagble about the ingredients and even took the time to introduce me to some new flavors and techniques.  I liked the decor but I was definitely confused by the "lounge" term attached to Vanguard because I assumed that meant mellow\chill music.  I'm not a house music fan at all so I was a little disappointed that it was all house-all night.  I'd like to see a little more variety or at the very least a night or two dedicated to the music I typically associate with a "lounge" (r&b, neo-soul, underground hip-hop, etc.). I wouldn't even be mad at them for throwing in an old school night, but I was sorely disappointed to find out their playlists are dominated by pacifier-sucking\e-dropping music. I know I would have been more likely to sip and chill for a while longer if I wasn't feeling like I was at a rave.  I just happened to walk by and decided to go in with my girls because the patio was cute but I do have to admit we thought the music was kind of a deterrent.  I'm glad I went in because the drinks are AMAZING but I did feel like the house music was a little "young" for such a classy venue.   Only one couch to kick it on was not sufficent enough but I have to admit that I do like the ambience.  I know great care was put into the lighting of candles and into the design of the bar but more places to get comfy would have been nice too.  It was clean and the service was great so I definitely would recommend this bar to my friends.  I know that they are catering to people with all different kinds of tastes with their great array of drinks but maybe they could do the same with their entertainment??
4	Last weekend, we walked down Fremont East to see what was new, to our surprise, quite a bit. When walked by the Vanguard and did a double take it had open air patio seating. We love this style of bars in San Diego, we've been saying Vegas could use them for years. Someone, finally, did more than talk about it... they did it, and right where it needs to be. I have no doubt it will liven up East Fremont. I had to support the cause, we stopped in, it was early; we had the place to ourselves but as the night grew later the bar began to fill. No drafts, only bottles, but prices are reasonable. We stayed for a couple beers, sat on the patio, and watched the world go by.
4	Popped in here Tuesday night for their weekly wine tasting.  $5/3 tastes...if u buy a bottle they give u your $$ back.  Sadly, there was only 4 other people here, all of whom left within 20 minutes.  So, needless to say, I'll be back on the weekend before I finalize this review.  In the meantime, industrial grey concrete decor, with swanky faux white-croc seating...and dangerously rickety looking "tables" that will def end up topside if they have decent djs.  AND just learned that Soul Kitchen will be making Vanguard it's new home starting this month...Thank GOD!!  The entire front is floor-to-celing glass, so you can keep tabs on the hipsters and crack-hos strolling by on Fremont.Bartender Nate was cool and kept the lonely lady@the bar company.  The wine selection is a couple notches above the everyday (spicy, kicky bolds) and they get two points for starting the list with reds, not white.  Mixed drink menu looks clever and mature...on par with DCR and H&R. Overall, I think it will be a must-stop on any downtown bar hop.  Swanky, decidedly east-coast or bay area feel, with smart drinks and friendly staff.  Go support them.
5	The service was great from both bar tenders. Drink where awesome and made well. Look inside is great drinks are priced well. Love the addition to downtown, if you like hand made cocktails make sure to have the bartenders make you something to surprise you!
4	Downtown weekend in Vegas with pals.....did a nice bit o' barhopping that landed us 3rd at The Vanguard (after Downtown and The Griffin).  Love the artisan cocktails......Nathan the bartender was incredibly hospitable, even writing down our cocktail ingredients for us.  I recommend the 'Hard 8"....yummy Ginger Beer/absinthe concotion.  Hope they thrive and I'll be back on my next debauched weekend in Vegas.
5	This place is awesome.  The drinks are great and the bartender is really cool.  He even made us an experimental drink...a must go in Vegas
2	Ok, this place has tons of potential, but do we really need the blaring crappy house music? There's plenty of that on the strip, Fremont is for the other half of the population who hate the strip. Please rectify your DJ situation Vanguard Lounge and I promise to return.
4	I've been in here twice on nights that it should be packed, and both times it was rather empty.  I love the fact that I was not going to hit a crowd.  If I wanted to hit a crowd, I'd go to the Strip; however, I do wish that there were a few more people in this place.  It was a ghost town.   The bartender was very knowledgeable the first night I went in.  He expanded my horizons to some new brandy that I had not had before going here.  This past time I enjoyed the cozy couches, but I would have preferred them to be deeper in the place and not at the front.  Lastly, I enjoyed the design of the restroom mirror... Although I don't think that it would have been particularly practical.  The only other thing to mention is that I don't particularly like the music here, but it does fit the place somehow.  I guess the main take away here is when I decide to meet up with friends downtown, I inevitably take them all here.
4	Lounge is definitely the proper description of the Vanguard.  There's ample room to stand and talk (we would have actually preferred a few more seats where we could rest our weary legs), the prices ain't too bad (midrange), the music was chill and a good volume for keeping up the engaging conversation, and the decor is sharp and fresh.  Great place to start a bar hopping evening on Fremont.
4	There was one drink I have always enjoyed was a Cosmo. I typically liked drinks that weren't too strong; only a bit of an alcohol taste but enough to know it was there, just like vodka mixed with cranberry(pineapple)juice or fruity drinks,,very simple drinks... Well, I had a little changed in my taste buds. There are very few liquors that I enjoy drinking straight. So, I love cocktail drinks. However, I like my mixed drink not too much taste like sugar-candy either. I think I found a place to have some unique cocktails in town :) I went on a Friday night (not on First Friday) around 6:30pm. Wasn't crowded at all. I have tried three different drinks this time: 1. Vanguard Cider (Maker's Mark, Belle De Billet, House Made Cider, Spiced Foam, Served Hot or Cold) Tried it as cold(the bartender recommended to drink as cold) and liked it a lot! 2. Hard 8 (Bacardi 8, Pernod bath, Sliced Fresh Lime, Bitters, Ginger Beer, Peychaud Bitters) Very refreshing, contained lots of crushed ice cube in the drink. It was interesting to see the bartender wasn't just throwing the ice cube in the drink. He was beating the ice cubes into small pieces in a bag using w/a wooden stick. I thought it would be a good cocktail in the hot summer time. Well, I still enjoyed it. 3. Broken Flowers (Hendricks Gin, Lillet Blanc, DiFlora Syrup, Rhubarb Bitters, Orange Bitters) Very simple and smooth taste.. I would recommend to the ladies :) The decor was hip and nice. The drinks were unique and well made by skilled bartender. The Vanguard Lounge is for the perfect small cocktail party, social evening on week nights, or just a few drinks with friends on weekends. I love to come back here little early in the evening when there is a less of wait and will start the night out here. My final verdict... My kind of place, hee hee. I can see myself coming here often :P
4	Dig the clean contemporary interior and pretty people there. The drinks are pretty reasonable too. There is just "something" missing in there...not sure what, maybe it needs another area of seating or something, all in all I dig it.
5	...worth the trek to the part of the world known as Fremont St....very cool, very friendly....ask Dustin to make one of his non-menu specialties...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwX9amydygI
4	Vanguard Lounge reminds me of Herbs & Rye; the drinks they make are creative and for the most part unique to the establishment.  Good luck finding these kinds of cocktails at other bars or lounges in Vegas.  The owner of Vanguard also mentioned that they were working on putting together a new menu, so a possible seasonal rotation of drinks could be coming soon.All of the drinks here are good, however none of them have blown me away.  I attribute that more to my palate, not so much the bartenders and drinks.  My favorite drink so far wasn't on the menu; I got myself an Old Fashioned made with Woodford Reserve bourbon.  The drink seemed a bit heavy on the sugar and bitters, but was still good.  It was made traditionally, with no soda water added; my preference for this drink.Vanguard is a great place to hang out, with DJ's spinning on Friday and Saturday nights, I believe.  The dark atmosphere makes it a cool place to bring a date and chat.  Service has been helpful and ready to make drink recommendations when asked.  Not my absolute favorite place to grab a drink, but I know that I'll be back for sure.
5	Usually when i go drinking i order simple two or three ingredient drinks:Tanqueray (regular usually or Rangpur if they got it) with sprite and lime.Seven and SevenHennessy and SpriteCrown and Coke or SpriteSo yeah there's a pattern. It's booze, a chaser, and sometimes fruit.Still trying to pin point where in my life i suddenly became deathly allergic to mixed drinks. Did i have a bad cocktail when i was legally old enough to drink? Is it all these stupid party drinks made popular by college students? Was it the incompetent bartenders who just throw piss and ice into a glass and charge me 10 bucks for it?After hanging out with Anthony M a few times i'm pretty sure it's the incompetent bartenders...The guys behind the bar shouldnt be called bartenders. They're mixologists. Nearly everything is made by hand and skillfully crafted by a guy that knows what he's doing.At other bars if i pay 10 bucks for a drink i feel like i'm being robbed. Here at Vanguard if i'm paying 10 bucks for a drink i feel like i'm robbing them.
3	Checked this place out the other night with a group of yelpers who bought the Groupon that was recently available.  Really wishing I had purchased the max # now instead of just one!The mixologists here are superb, and the attention to the detail of each drink rivals or exceeds that of my fave mixology spot DCR.  There's really some craftsmanship going on here!  The downside to that is that out of about 10 specialty cocktails, only 3 or 4 are vegan-- one has meat, a few have eggwhite, and a couple more have honey.  So, that's always disappointing when I can't fully booze it up.  But the drinks I could/did try were GREAT! I had the Drunk Monk (gin-based, and I'm not a real fan of gin.... but the gin has tea steeped in it, and it's the tea taste that really comes through), the Spiked Rose (brandy and fruitiness, and all around tasty), and the Hard 8, which is their spruced up version of a Dark n Stormy.  This is probably your best bet if you want your drink to last awhile, since it's served on ice, rather than up, like many of the other ones.  Which, when they're SO tasty, makes them way too easy to slurp down.  The bartenders were very friendly and seemed to understand my vegan concerns.  They and the quality of (vegan) drinks are totally 5-star!  But the bar itself.... hmmm.  It's set up oddly, and really doesn't maximize the space.  If you're not sitting at the bar, you end up standing against the wall or sitting in a way that's not conducive to conversation for more than two or three people.  Plus the music was way too loud.  I'm hoping to return soon for a happy hour to take advantage of their specials (custom cocktails only $7!) and hopefully to have a more quiet setting to enjoy said cocktails.Regardless, this is definitely a must-do spot on a tour of downtown! Especially when the weather gets warm and they open up the outdoor seating!
5	Had an awesome fun time here last night, I have walked by this place a few times and wanted to check it out and so Me and My girl did for her birthday barhopping last night. Nathan the bartender there was very cool dude. I loved the local Tenaya Creek Calico Brown Ale, My girl loved there mixed drink menu. Nathan actually made up a drink for my girl... ask him for a "Highbrow Whore" it's tasty! This is a very trendy place, great music. Think this is a place I will be visiting a lot ;)
5	Small, quiet, relaxed atmosphere in a nice area of the Fremont East District.I liked the bartender on staff last night.  Good attitude, friendly, helped me navigate the drink menu, and whipped up a great drink (Sweet Roselle).  The ingredients (with egg white, of all things) sounded so unique that I had to try it.  The drink itself was remarkably, unmistakably pink, but the flavor was good.  One of my friends got a much stronger drink, but it wasn't bad, though I think the "booze factor" would kick in much faster with that choice.We sat by the outdoor area, watching foot traffic.  While it wasn't advertised, we got to enjoy some "live entertainment".  Mostly, some police officer questioning a disheveled hobo while some pamphlet waving religious guy tried to "save" the whole lot.  I love improv!  How did they know?In seriousness, the casual attitude, cool staff, and unique drinks will bring me back for a later visit.  I kind of wish that they would serve food, but their "bar mix" was actually pretty tasty, all things considering.  I felt bad not making it back in later, but I'll spread the good word about the place... if the pamphlet guy doesn't beat me to it first.
5	At last I had a chance to visit Vanguard Lounge. My many trips downtown have always taken me to the other bars and lounges in the area. Lucky me I finally got to go here last night (which would be a Monday) and I was so very pleased! The interior of the bar is far superior to other places on Fremont Street, in my opinion. Although I can see it may be a bit small if the place is packed. Lucky for me it was a Monday night and there was plenty of room to sit at their bar. It is classy and modern, yet it has a nice cozy feel, I think the candle light really helps the ambiance of the place. I'd like to take this time to mention the CLEANLINESS of their bathroom and the cute faucets in the sink.I sat at the bar with a few friends and the bartender was very attentive. I knew about this place's wonderful cocktails as I have read other Yelp reviews so I was pretty excited to try one. I had the Broken Neck (note it has whisky in it). And the bartender made it so, so lovely, with a lemon peel sneaking its way in a twist within the glass. AND MY GOD - the drink was delicious. It could be very, very dangerous for me. And for $10 the price, although maybe a bit pricey for downtown, was okay with me. After all, I could have been down on the strip where they charge 12 bucks for a well drink!After the cocktail I decided to switch to a chardonnay. The bartender offered me a tasting of the wine before he poured the entire thing in my glass. And he got me a water so I could get the pretty sweet-tasting cocktail out of my system before enjoying the wine.Wow, I really love Vanguard Lounge! I don't know if I'll go back there when it is busy - it might ruin it for me! No, I'm just kidding - I'd go back there if there was a line coming out the door just so I could get that fabulous cocktail again.
5	Vanguard Lounge-it was love at first sight. From the modern interior design to drinks that will knock this seasoned liquor consumer on her backside, everything detail down to the sinks in the bathroom (yep, I'm that weirdo who notices those things) made the experience well worth the dicey walk through the El Cortez parking garage.Service was excellent, but I was there on a Monday night and there was almost no one there. I choose to believe the service is just as good on Monday as it is on a Friday night and will be back to find out. We had two bartenders while we were there and both were personable and gave great drink recommendations. All of the drinks are so unique and fun! I tried to order the Vanguard cider featuring Maker's Mark however the cider was still coming together and wasn't ready. I couldn't even be mad about it though because who makes their own cider?! I WILL be back for that. I enjoyed a Maker's and Coke (one sip in-hello, I'm drunk) and had one of their specialty drinks, Broken Neck which was a refreshing mix of whiskey, some kind of lemon concoction and celery bitters (not as bad as it sounds!). It was a fun preview to summer and definitely something you want to sip on during the months when the heat is convection oven-like. The decor is dark and accented with candles, cool artwork and for the most part clean, defined lines. If you frequent downtown often, you can understand why I praise not only the sleek design of the bathroom but how CLEAN it was. Been to beauty bar lately? Yeah, there is a shower curtain on one of the bathroom stalls. I don't like playing the game "pee as fast as you can but be on alert should a belligerent drunk walk in and rip the shower curtain off." I don't have to play that game at Vanguard because all of their stalls have doors and there's no awkward "is this bathroom occupied" situ. If I could give Vanguard 10 stars I would. So glad we decided to check it out and looking forward to many more visits!
4	How had I never stopped in here before? This is small, classy establishment in the Fremont East area. And it has definitely made my list of great Vegas bars.It's got a huge window at the front, which provides some excellent Fremont people-watching. It's spacious, minimalistic, and monochromatic (various shades of gray with just a dash of black and white). There are high-tops with white bar stools around the perimeter (lit of small votive candles). The bar is towards the back - decent size (rectangle-shaped) with several bar stools around it.The cocktail, wine, and beer list is impressive - not in quantity, but in quality. The cocktails are some very interesting sounding concoctions. And it definitely errs on the manly side. No frilly, fruity vodka drinks here. The special beers are only a handful, but there were a couple I had never heard of before (which is always a nice thing to see).Friendly bartenders, primarily local clientele, modern and hip without being pretentious, and a great drink list. What more could you really want from a bar? Consider me a fan.
3	I think this is a nice addition to Fremont East area. Today was rather odd though, we were asked what we wanted to drink and were perusing the menu then a guy comes and goes "we aren't serving the menu today" and took the menus away. I'm confused as to why signature cocktails can't be made at all when the bar still has the elements to make them.... and a few of the Yelpers I met up with did order off that menu just a bit earlier. WTF was that about?I just asked the girl taking orders to make recommendations and I got something called Broken Neck with Makers Mark..it was okay, but a tad too sweet. It was weird that they were making us some odd other cocktails, but cant do the menu..... I like what the DJ was spinning and there was some entertaining people dancing like this one guy doing a dance that was part vogue-off, part African tribal, part salsa, and ballet turns and homegurl bootyshaking. There's a bit of a lack of seating, but I think they're trying to make for standing room.I wouldn't mind coming back, but hopefully next time they're not gonna take their own cocktails off the menu, On the upside, I did have a groupon on this visit.
4	This place has a great clean cement and candle look, and on friday and saturday nights a house DJ (tech and deep).Its sweet because there is no cover and theres plenty of place to dance.Honestly its a shame it isnt more crowded in here, it has seating and opens to Fremont and the Beauty Bar. In my opinion, this place will start to become more popular on weekend nights as the weather improves, and please bring a friend by and check it out! Places like this need support, music is very under appreciated in this town.
5	Felt like I was in a truly urban lounge.  It gets tiresome finding places like this tucked in a posh Casino floor.Just a different energy.  Super clean. Super friendly staff & super knowledgeable.  Great design. Simple but comfortable for the locals.  Glad I found this place.  Techno inst my thing but when I have friends in town I can go somewhere different & get away from machines.
5	LOVE.I love Vanguard Lounge. I never leave this place unhappy. Recently went downtown for a weekend excursion per usual and hit up Vanguard for a starter. They have bottled Blue Moon (one of my favorite beers). The bartender was nice and the place is clean and devoid of that run-downed feeling some places on Fremont have. I will say I do like that kind of charm sometimes, but other times I just want to sit in a nice lounge and Vanguard is my favorite place to do that.
4	I'm not gonna lie, downtown isn't exactly my idea of a hangout spot. Some of the downtown wanderers scare me, parking can be confusing, and it's kind of far away from where I live. But alas, I think I've found a spot that can lure me back to downtown. A place so cool and so hip with funky music and a drink menu of both classic and special drinks made by Iron Chef status bartenders, even those who avoid downtown like the plague can appreciate. Welcome to Vanguard Lounge. Vanguard is small, which adds to the intimate vibe, especially at night. Lit candles, white couches, grey walls, some art- all these elements turn this bar into something very non-Vegas, which can be a good thing if you're wanting to escape the bright lights of The Strip. If you're all about people watching, have a drink on the patio where you can see some interesting people walking around. I tried the Lost in Idaho- some type of berry vodka, cherry syrup, cucumber-kiwi juice and seltzer concoction. If you're into non-sweet cocktails, choose this. It's slightly bitter, but refreshing. The candied cherries were the perfect garnish. I want more of those candied cherries, please. To be honest, this drink wasn't for me. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their cocktails, so I think I need to come back and try a few more. One thing that I do want to try is their homemade soda, which comes in a few flavors (Rhubarb, Cucumber, Hibiscus, and possibly Lavender?). Who makes homemade sodas anymore? Apparently, Vanguard Lounge does!
4	This is a great little bar/lounge. I ordered a Aviator and hung out at a UYE event or could of been a CMYE event. It came in a Foo Foo Glass but i didnt feel weird drinking it. And it was quite delicious. The owner was behind the bar serving. GREAT. Little candles are lit and the stools are comfortable. Music is playing but its not over powering so you can still have a conversation. I think the prices are more Strip priced than Downtown priced but its all good. I shall be back.
4	Great place to host my first UYE.  The owner, Andrew, was very nice and helpful.  I highly recommend the Lost in Idaho specialty cocktail.  Next time I will try the Hard 8.  Andrew took my Groupon - no problem.Happy hour from 4-7pm where speciality cocktails at $7.  They've also added a reverse happy hour from 10pm-2am. 1/2 off beer, wine, well drinks, and $7 craft cocktails.
3	A classy place with a variety of specialty drinks.  All expertly prepared even if they are a little expensive in relation to the surrounding bars.  They just need to work on the music and ambience of this place and it might be more appealing.  The set up is a little awkward and I always feel kind of claustrophobic in the place but I love how they can open the front wall to the street.  A nice touch when the weather allows it.
5	great mixology drinks very creative,  look for Groupon 2 for 1 drinks, good atmosphere, i would recommend if you are downtown and just wanted to hangout and listen to some breakin beats
4	Interesting and kind of unexpected place. Came here during First Friday as a way to attempt to get away from all the emo that was crowding across the street. Succeeded, sort of. No cover, and places to sit. The crowd was surprisingly polite and apologetic when elbowing me in the head (I can stand the elbowing as long as there's an "oops, sorry" after it). My friends enjoyed their drinks and the music was good. Would come back again if I was downtown and needed a break from the tourists at Fremont St Experience.
5	I don't think I've met a drink I didn't like at Vanguard and when it comes to happy hour picks, this place is always my first choice. I continue to come back because of the consistent service, interesting variety on the drink menu and the incredibly chill atmosphere. On a First Friday, it may be a different story, but my frequenting hours for Vanguard are usually during or right after happy hour, you know when all the old folks are getting their daily dose of liquor.My only ding would be for their house wine-it's only $3 during happy hour and it tastes like it, but it's not enough for me to knock another star off. I really love that the drinks here are made with love- a lot of thought went into crafting these. Sometimes I have more fun watching the bartenders making the drinks than drinking them-so many interesting ingredients!Vanguard continues to be a great place to have a good drink and hang out without the pretense of other bars that aesthetically on the same level, but in other ways definitely not.
3	The Vanguard Is a bit tiny so try to come on a slow night but you a little outside patio In case you suffer of claustrophobia. Please do try the Sangria, It's luscious.
5	My Wife and I went for the first time last night and it was amazing... Cool Chill place. Great drinks and cool bartenders
1	I purchased 2 groupons for the Vangard Lounge while my boyfriend and I were in Vegas for Halloween.  The only reason I purchased them was the menu listed on their website had infused liquors we really wanted to try.  We arrived to a dead bar, one person there.  I mentioned to the bartender we both had groupons, because I gifted one to my boyfriend since that was allowed when purchasing.  He immediately said we both couldn't use the groupon.  He then asked what we wanted and I said we were really wanting some of the specialty drinks that were listed.  He said they didn't have that menu anymore, in fact didn't have a drink menu at all.  How can they advertise their lounge and sell a ton of groupons yet not have what they said?  Don't waste your time, hundreds of better lounges in Vegas!
4	I always make it a point to stop at Vanguard whenever I go downtown. Vanguard is one of the few, if not only bars that plays lots of house and tech house. Bartenders have always been nice. It never gets TOO crowded. Main area is mostly inside but there is a small patio area to sit as well. Vanguard is a more luxurious bar, very modern, and a tad bit upscale for being on Fremont Street! Weekends have steady traffic. But why not stop by during the week? Thursdays it isn't packed, really good music, and an awesome place to chill, kick back and have a few drinks.
5	Wait. I haven't reviewed this place? Allow me to correct that.Vanguard Lounge is an integral part of the revitalization of downtown Las Vegas. Specifically, it's one of the gem spots in the so-called Fremont East area. Situated right next to Insert Coin(s), it's in the perfect location. Insert Coin(s) may provide the geeky games, but their drink selection is nothing compared to Vanguard.If a crafty cocktail is what you are after, look no further. It's not on the menu, but I like their Hard 8. Is that what it's called? Ask Bobby Y. He'll tell you. They also provide classic concoctions like the Aviation. The drinks here never disappoint.I still have a Groupon for this place and need to use it soon. Even without one, they have happy hours (4-7pm I think?) where cocktails are only $7. OK so that's not a bargain basement price, but these are specialty cocktails we're talking about here.Vanguard Lounge is well worth the visit.
4	Many years ago on a business trip, I met up with some friends at a bar in Manhattan (Chelsea) called Gstaad. It was pretty cool. Semi-exposed walls, shiny, clean, silver interior. I never had a chance to go back to Gstaad on my trips back to NYC, but I always think of that bar, and how I've never been able to find one quite like it. Until now.My memories of last night are still a bit fuzzy, but I do remember Vanguard quite well. This bar is aesthetically very similar to Gstaad, but not in the "let's steal the idea from another bar" kind of way, but in the "Let's make Dave happy" kind of way. Or at least that's what I'd like to tell myself.I popped in with some of my friends, as well as a college buddy of mine, and this place did not disappoint! My drink? A Clockwork Oranje: Ketel One Oranje, Cinnamon-Dusted Grilled Pear Shrubb, Domaine De Canton, and House Spiced Fig Bitters. Tell me that doesn't sound amazing. Go ahead. Tell me. Now I will smack you. Kidding.In any case, based on my lone cocktail, I can say this is a fantastic lounge and I cannot wait to come back. On a weekend night, it wasn't too crowded, although I could see this place becoming a mad house on First Fridays.Fremont Street...you just keep getting better and better.
3	Small. Modern. House music and techno. Not my taste but the decor was nice. Insert Coins next door is better.
5	This is GREAT place to grab some drinks. This Place reminds me of the bars I use to go to in SF. Great Bartendars and Amazing drinks...
5	Had to update my review and BUMP Vanguard to 5 stars.Over the past few months, Vanguard has made its way to the top of my list of favorite bars. Not only is the decor ultra-modern, urban, and luxurious. The bartenders are efficient and pretty nice. And as a plus, the drinks are always perfect-to-strong. MUSIC: Music is what makes Vanguard so appealing. A self-proclaimed EDM-snob, I can really appreciate the electronic music variety they play here. Thursdays for K^2. First Saturdays Be PM hosts Sonic Soundry. Went to my first one just this past weekend and I had the best Las Vegas bar experience of my life. The vibe was very LA. The music and the crowd made it feel like we were in an LA Club Scene in the early 2000's. Tech House was the genre of choice. It was really a pleasant surprise to find such a great party downtown w/ a music selection you can't find anywhere else.TWO THUMBS UP!PARKING TIP: Park at Binions or any other hotel that offers free parking w/ validation. Just stamp your card at the cashier before you leave. And voila, free parking downtown.
4	In the midst of themed bars like Insert Coins and Don't Tell Mama, The Vanguard Lounge is an understated neutral bar. Even down to it's decor, it spells simple and unpretentious. The lounge is like a cold container, floors and walls concrete (I bet the fact that there's not a lot of fabrics in the room keeps the cigarette smoke from sticking and stinking up the place). I feel like the walls deserve more provocative or interesting adornments. There's about ten seats up at the bar, about twelve along the walls, and in the front, just past the DJ kiosk, there's a few white croc couch and ottoman setups, enough for about twenty. There's also outdoor seating, just on the other side of the glass-windowed garage door. The front of the bar is pretty open and you can sit and people-watch the passersby on Fremont Street, I think a fun, eclectic mix of people -- fat tourists, junkies with 40's, hipsters, and homeless (sometimes the last two are hard to tell apart). The place is low-lit with tea-sized wick lamps at every table, on the bar and behind the bar. If I were a bartender/ cocktail wench there, I would hate those damn candles. The staff has to continuously check on all of them all night long and relight the snuffed ones. My qualm with the bathroom is that the mirrors are these circular mirrors varying in size, but each no larger than a DVD. They are scattered along the wall in front of the sinks and enough to check your grill, but not enough to get the gestalt of your top half. I imagine this bathroom was decorated by a male. The staff is always courteous and the drinks are average priced, if i remember correctly, at $6 for a vodka.
5	Vangaurd has got to be one of my favorite bars apart from Artifice for many a good reason.  First, the decor takes on a minimalist point of view which comes in handy for easy navigation when you've had a few(I don't want to worry about falling into any firepits or losing a round of Street Fighter to some novice).  Second, the cocktail list is so inventive a few is just not gonna do.  Third, the crowd is always diverse, so you can mingle with more than just your crew.  Fourth and final, the music selection is always at its finest, bringing me back to my senses for times when I have no clue.  ...such an Elementary Review!  The Fig-Ure Of Speech is a good cocktail, and thats my story.
4	Came here on a Thursday night around 8pm. We were a large group of 30/40 something guys but we were made to feel welcome and sat on the white sofas at the front of the bar. There were not many people in the place that evening, and it had a locals vibe about it. It has a moden feel to it, but it is really just quite funtional. It would need to be quite full for it to show its atmosphere in my view. Pleasent rather than outstanding in my  opinion.
4	Last weekend I came to the Vanguard twice and I must say for a small joint is pretty comfortable.  Is a great place to kick back have a nice cocktail and enjoy a great time with friends.  Now as far for the music it wasn't that great I believe they can play better music but still I recommend this place to anyone who wants to enjoy a great nightlife.  Thank for ready my post and I approve this message.
3	Great drink menu, Ok decor, not so friendly staff. I feel like the decor was trying too hard... I hate those pictures of things that look like letters used to spell out words, so sadly, they lost me there. The bar stools were super squishy though, which was a nice difference to many bars out there. I like that they have many different seating options, including a small patio out front. Drinks were pricey, but totally worth it. My sister got something fantastically cool that took a long time to make, and was really fun to watch.
4	Usually one of my favorite stops during first fridays or second Saturdays. Music: Depending on what day you go this joint can play a variety of EDM genres. Not my usual cup of tea but my most recent experience was a tech house night. To my surprise I loved it. It felt like a very down town lounge urban underground LA night. If your standing outside Vanguard as you walk pass it you can definitely hear they're amazing sound system bumping. Its the loudest on the busy bar hoping street. Cover is always free so if you looking for some good beats and down town love go to Van guard.Price of drinks: A bit pricey for a small location, but I guess it was the weekend. The prices were a bit high and the drinks weren't that strong. Just a note: I suggest going to El Cortez's bar and grabbing a few cheap drinks before heading to Van guard. The amount you'd spend on one drink at Van guard would equal about 2 drinks at El Cortez. Also find a FREE parking garage El Cortez is no longer a free parking garage even though they have a HUGE sign that says FREE parking LOL False advertisement!!!
3	Went to Vanguard for the first time last week after 1st Friday.  The doorman was nice, the bartenders are sweethearts, as far as security inside, I wasn't impressed.  The security guard was kinda rude, but it is was it is.  Some people have power trips in that position.  The music inside and place were great.  Everyone there in general were nice and talked to a few other people at the bar who felt the same about the security guard.  I didn't let him ruin the night for me because there were other positives going on about the place.  Even though the establishment is on the small side, I'm glad I was able to breath inside the place.  Good job on not overcrowding the place and keeping it clean.  No sticky feet on the ground for me.  Will I come back here again when I visit Vegas again, not sure. I may just give it one more try.
4	Vegas lounges lack subtlety.  Rather than relying on a relaxed lounge atmosphere to bring in the customers, most lounges use loud boom boom music and Vegas strip club-style promotions.  But it's hard to lounge when you can't hear a word anyone is saying. Vanguard is cut from a different cloth (at least on non-Fri and Sat nights--see below).  Unlike most Vegas spots, Vanguard understands that a good lounge (and a good mixed drink for that matter) has a subtlety and the ambiance should match.  Candles, brushed metal tables, and white walls decorate the Vanguard with a few pieces of eclectic art to match.The bar is well-stocked with a variety of alcohols and subtle flavors.  The mixed drinks are tasty, tart and well-blended.  And the bartenders are friendly and helpful guides to nudge you in the right direction.4 stars for being a great bar on most nights.  2 stars on Friday and Saturday night when this place becomes yet another generic electronic club -- BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM [and you will want to leave after 5 minutes]
4	Been here many times, some of the friendliest bar staff in the city! Last time I was there, I noticed I had a foursquare check-in special for the bar. I was with a few friends, and we were all getting one of their signature cocktails. It was my turn to get the round, and asked if I could use my 50% of a signature cocktail special on foursquare. Not only was that fine, he applied it to my whole order of drinks, yay! I love sitting on their little patio and people watching. Sometimes this place can be packed, and the dancefloor is right in the middle of the bar, making it a bit difficult to come in and out of when it's full, but otherwise it's a great bar!
3	Any place in Fremont East is going to be viewed favorably by sheer fact of it's location.What I like most about this place is the open-air patio that allows for some great people watching behind the relative safety of the lounge.  Though security could do a better job of making sure patrons aren't harassed by the vagrants passing by (this is a sad reality of downtown Vegas).  The bathrooms are clean, the service is pleasant, and the pricing is fair.  Will I come back here?  More than likely.
4	I really dig this place, man. The ambiance is cool, the drinks are good, and the whole feeling at Fremont East is awesome. I've been here a number of times recently, both in larger groups and much smaller ones. Regardless, service has been good (but kinda slower), the place has been cool, and my group has had fun. The drinks they make are really creative, but the price you pay is that they take FOREVER to make them for you on their busier nights. Sure, you can get a Corona in a second, but come on. Other than that, this place is awesome. I'll for sure be back.
4	First off, cheers to a place that takes its mixology seriously.  There were only a couple options (the bartender said there are more coming soon since they are seasonal), but order the Manhattan - seriously (if you like that kind of drink). It's like an Impressionist painting of a Manhattan - you can definitely see the classic through the brush-strokes, but man, they just take it to an artistic level - taste, process, presentation...Now take into account that I was there on a Monday evening, but the place was empty. Me, my buddy, and one other guy. It was even happy hour time, so prices were really reasonable. So everyone go! Keep thoughtful, crafty places in downtown successful!
5	This place has as good of a cocktail menu as Downtown Cocktail Room but without the crappy service.  You should go here.
5	As part of the Yelp Spring Break Pub Crawl in downtown LV, I stopped into Vanguard for the first time. I'd walked by it in the past but it looked almost empty that I wasn't quite sure what to expect.I'm so glad I finally tried it. The bartender was awesome and made me the most complex and yet mind-blowing cocktail I'd ever had (it was a Cucumber, Burnt Rosemary Gin drink). I'll definitely go back for happy hour. Glad I added another bar to my downtown favorites!
4	Have you been to a hipster bar? This is one of them. It has brick walls, exposed HVAC vents, a small patio in front, some awesome white couches with a crocodile texture. They have their own special drinks, which are very good. I had the Hard 8, a rum drink made with Flor de Cana rum. It's light, refreshing and very good on hot summer night.
4	Cool place to hang, DJ was actually pretty good, spinning some classics. Drinks are good there too. Over all good vibe
5	Hidden gem off Fremont...Our group decided to hit up this place as part of our bar crawl. Unfortunately, this is where we stayed. Fortunately, this place was off the hook!!!There's a little patio out front, a lounge, a bar and a dance floor. It's not the biggest place, but it was comfy enough for our large group of about 30 people. The bartenders were cool and conjuring up yummy libations with skulls and dry ice. There was a DJ that was playing old school hits to current dance mixes. Everyone was dancing and having a blast!What even made this little bar even more awesome is that the bathrooms are SUPER CLEAN! YAY!
2	Vanguard DJs need to chill the f*ck out! It's a Wednesday night and the place is empty, do we really need to hear your crap house mix from a block away? Btw no one is here to hear your "set".  How about you just be a lounge during the week, ie at a level where people can talk?
4	I've been to Vanguard quite a few times. It is definitely a great spot if your looking for a speciality cocktail or want to try something different. The bar area is nice and clean, and I've never had a problem getting a drink or sitting at the bar on a busy night. I tend to drink a lot of different drinks, and will spend time pondering what i am going to have indulge in at other places. Not here though. The Jack Rose. Every time I go, that is immediately what I order. Apple Brandy. Maple Syrup. Black Cherry. Damn I want one just thinking about it. Who doesn't love maple syrup. Believe me, all the drinks are good and after 2 or 3, you'll may need to take a break. All in all, great place. A little loud at night on the weekends with the DJ, and the crackheads from Fremont who come in too look around or do the crackhead shuffle for a minute or two until they leave.
5	Over the past year I've grown a love affair with this place. If you ask me where to go for a drink, this is where I want to go. If you ask me where I'm at, this is where I want you to find me. The vibe (I kinda hate that word but there is a vibe about it) is very close to something you would find in my beloved LA hipster hippie neighborhood I grew up in or the chic minimalist bars of NYC I grew to love mixology or speakeasy fabulousness of San Fran. We are too big of a suburbia to channel that urbanite cool normally. Minimal and concrete, very mellow vibe with a mix of people that give no fucks, not any sort of "scene" going on where you could feel left out. I find that when wanting a large group of Yelpers to congregate, this place doesn't get sideways glances and gruff okays that they're compromising to hang out. This is the happy medium for Yelperazzi of all to meet and chill. My boyfriend isn't one for going out to clubs and most bars, he happily will come here, even ask if we can go here which is amazing unto itself. It's quiet during happy hour (I believe it's 5-7- I will find out the right info soon), which I tend to like and picks up during the night. It gets busy but never is uncomfortable in here. The music volume will bump up, but just right. There are various moods people spin here, but it generally stays pretty house music based. Overall, pretty pleased with the music here though me and the BF are critical and discussing it objectively - mix-ins, pace, tempo changes, mood changes, etc. the whole night since music is our life.  It's great people watching of a spot as well. You can look out onto Fremont or observe some of the eclectic mix of people dancing. One time this awesome black guy pirouetting and vogueing around made the entire night.I am not one for "party drinks" or juice mixed common swill (uh oh, my Elitism is showing!) since I collect spirits and gravitate for small batch, craft, artisanal. I drink for flavor and appreciation and this is a fine establishment to feed this hobby. Balanced, creative, strong craft drinks. A lot of the bartenders also listen or even ask how you feel about certain things.  I tend to like my drinks less sweet and that has been accommodated. I love the bartenders here since a lot are friendly to boot.  There are a few drinks based on what is in it I would be sure I wouldn't like and somehow they really change my mind. I'm not one for creamy drinks for example, but this Irish cream Guinness carbomb like concoction they made one season was amazing enough that it became a regular beverage of mine. I have bittersweet feelings when a season ends and some new found favorites go away, but I also am excited to try everything. It keeps it interesting. Did I mention reasonable? Regular price is $8-11 (most are $9) for a serious cocktail and even better prices during happy hour. If you are in Fremont East area, love mixology and enjoy a easygoing atmosphere this is a must go. Thank me later. I will be at the bar waiting for you to buy the first round.
5	LOVE VANGUARD! Ive been coming here for quite sometime now and its always an awesome experience. With a fusion of mixology this small lounge is a must visit. I'm always impressed with the high volume skills of the bartenders, they really have a sense of ergency which is awesome and rare for the downtown scene. Its a long narrow space with a concrete bar. candles everywhere. Love this place!
5	The drinks are good and average price.  The place is stylish but it gets very crowded between the bar and wall where you have to go through to get to the bathroom.The bartenders are super nice and fun!  We love Nate!!
5	Awesome unique drinks at totally reasonable prices. Great location downtown (next to insert coins)Try the Pink Pear- Gingery/pear/basil deliciousness. All of the bartenders are extremely talented. Go see Corbin "The Mad Scientist" or any of the awesome staff for a great drink.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Vanguard! It has a great cocktail menu that changes periodically, depending on the season. The menu is divided between the classes cocktails and the house creations. I believe I have tried them all! They are all delish, but a couple of fvorites are the Jack Rose, Hard 8 and The Cartel. Oh and they laso have a special section divided to Negroni's for those that really know their stuff. I think this is probably THE most accesible cocktail bar in town, prices range between 10-15 which is a steal for the quality of the drink. There are places in this city that charge 20 bucks for a drink. You must check it out!
3	We visited this lounge with a CrowdSavings gift certificate on Monday night and found only one other couple sitting at the bar at around 6PM. There is a variety of seating available including bar stools, upholstered chairs and couches.  I asked the woman what she drinking and she replied it was Ichabod Crane's Last Meal.  I found it on the specialty drink menu and we ordered a pair.  It is made with Absolute vanilla vodka, Amarula (a cream popular in South Africa) and pumpkin puree - delicious.  Prices are high ($11-12 per cocktail) so I would only return during happy hour or when I had a discounted gift certificate.
4	Vanguard is a nice place to stop in for a drink since it's usually not too crowded. Bad for them, good for me!The garage door adds good ambience on a nice night. The bartender we had was helpful and the cocktails were pretty tasty. AND they have a bottle of craft rum from one of my favorite distilleries all the way in Milwaukee.The key to Vanguard is to avoid them when they have a DJ. It seems that every place on Fremont East tries WAY too hard to be some BS nightclub instead of a fun, casual place to get a drink. (::cough:: Insert Coins ::cough)
3	The girlfriend and I made a return visit to the Vanguard Lounge after a year hiatus.  On our previous visit, we came away impressed with the Vanguard's inspired, well made craft cocktails.  In fact, the MacGruber was my favorite drink that I tasted on our Vegas trip.  Fast forward to the Tuesday night before Thanksgiving at 11pm.  Sadly, the MacGruber was not on the current cocktail menu.  No worries, since I found plenty of other promising options to choose from.  I had the Wob Woy ($12), a humorous twist on the classic Rob Roy made with Yamazaki 12 Year Old Whiskey, Carpano Antica, and plum bitters.  I love scotch and enjoy Rob Roys.  Like the Japanese version of King Kong (you recognize the similarities to the original, but it's still very different), the Wob Woy successfully captured that "same, but different" spirit.  It was a solid drink...although not as wildly successful to my taste buds as the MacGruber.  The one blemish on an otherwise good experience at Vanguard Lounge was the excruciatingly loud music.  The Vanguard Lounge's design aesthetic is all right angles and hard surfaces.  To make matters worse, the place was empty but for a handful of people sitting at the bar, the DJ, and his buddies, so the loud music was reverberating off of the concrete floor and walls without mercy on our ears.  Frankly, the DJ's self-indulgent performance drowned out the ability to converse and really ruined the mood for enjoying a good drink.  Perhaps that's why the Vanguard was empty.  Next time we're in town, we'll come to the Vanguard for drinks before the DJ starts.  Call it 4 stars for the drink, 2 stars for the atmosphere for an overall 3 star experience.
5	I always have a good time here. The bartenders know I like my wine!  I don't enjoy Saturday nights there as the crowd is not my style but if your from out of town that probably won't bother you.
4	This definitely a place that revolves around drinks.Vanguard is best classified as a 'mixologist' venue. Yeah you can get a Blue Moon on tap but whats the point? This is the place where you go to get some of those weird drinks nobody else has. The place is super small, I mean really really small. When I first saw it I thought it was a part of Insert Coins. Its like a small hall way with a patio. This means it gets super packed. The crowd is a lil more sophisticated than the hipsters at the other east Fremont bars. Most are older, there is no DJ, no dance floor, just a place to have some drinks and catch up with a friend. Its a perfect place to check out when its slow, you can talk to the bartender and figure out whats good. But if you come by on a busy night (first Friday or the weekends) good luck even getting a bartend to look at ya.Drinks worth checking out: Hard 8, The Cartel, and Pink Pear
3	Vanguard was the third stop on pub crawl for iceacholis teammates birthday party. So with that said there were things that not fan of. The things I did find cool by the front entrance have area/lounge that mingle with group kick back listen too Dj or just jump up start dancing in front of the Dj area. The main bar area its nice and long lots of seats like the overall look  of it. It had little bit old school Vegas and modern thing going on. Right up up front open bar tables that you can people watch, enjoy the weather, or just drink have good time with friends. The drinks never dived into much only because pub crawling mainly beer drinker anyway. Just stuck with beer the whole pub crawl. With all the options now in downtown more specifically literally right next door from one too another. I still have Don't Tell Mama favorite bar downtown. Always good too mix things up in life. I still like the more laid back old school style. Vanguard want more hip crowd more dancing clubbing on the strip Vanguard has more of that vibe.
5	So yesterday, (2/19/13) my husband and I went into Vanguard Lounge, we were greeted by the bartender Landon, sorry if I got that name wrong, I should have written it down, but he came over, and we informed him that we had a coupon,  he was absoulty so great, he informed us that we came in a happy hour and also when we asked, he also explain the cocktail menu, the fact that they serve everything seasonal, and that it changes from month to month, and he recommended two of his favorite cocktails that have lasted throughout the menu changes.  The Jack Rose, and  The Hard 8, he explain why they have layers of flavor on their own, and not hidden by covered juices, and tons of garnish.  They had music flowing , and with are drink order in hand, he made our drinks.  The where sooooo good, he was right on target with suggesting those two drinks.  I had the Jack Rose, which had notes of apple Brandy, and a cherry on the bottom, if you took a peek under the glass, the drink looked like a flower.  My husband had The Hard 8, which had ginger beer, and it too was amazing, served in a small shaker.  We enjoyed are time, and will defiantly be back for the new drinks in March.
3	This place is okay; not spectacular and not bad.  Small little bar located on Fremont street.  I really like the ambiance of the place, very modern.  Drinks are reasonable and the bartenders know what they are doing.  The reason this establishment gets 3 starts is for the DJ.  This place is way too small to have a DJ blasting away at extreme levels.  Just picture a bar, a little bigger than your average Subway restaurant, with a DJ spinning techno full blast while your trying to order drinks and talk to your friends.  Not a good place to hit if you want to relax and have a good conversation.
3	I wanted to like this place more, I really did.  It's located in downtown east Fremont, which already means I should love it.  It's independent, which is another plus.  And served mixology style cocktail drinks.But I have to say, the place is just too small to have a DJ inside of it.  You can be guaranteed to go inside and get your ears blown out and have a head ache a half hour in.  The drinks are too pricey for their quality, and the long bar just isn't enough room to house all the dancers and drinkers alike.I used to go inside relatively often when there weren't many bars downtown.  But now there are better - and quieter - options available.
3	3 1/2 stars. This place has very unique and creative mixed drinks that you won't find elsewhere. They use fresh ingredients and homemade infusions, this caused a problem though. They were out of two ingredients for four drinks I would have liked to try, it was disappointing. My friend's drink was good, I ended up getting a beer.
3	This place is probably the only spot with happy hour specials on Friday/Saturday nights. $5 PBRs, where, if you compare it to the regular price of the Hamms inside The Griffin right across the street, isn't that great of a deal.However, the service is excellent, and the bathroom attendant I recognize as someone that used to work across the street at Beauty Bar. I think he quit his old job because the average patron of Beauty Bar is a chickenshit wannabe artist with no money to spend except from what they could spange downtown, and that means Former Bathroom Attendant never got tipped ONCE at his old job.They sort of play EDM and Hip Hop remixes here. Plus, you get to see all the fights that happen right outside. I mean, these morons that come to Vegas to start shit fight RIGHT IN FRONT of the two cop cars parked out there!It's really small. And the crowd that goes here isn't that much better in my opinion.
3	This is a decent little bar/lounge that I've passed by several times while on East Fremont.  Stopped in here for an after dinner cocktail and there were about 4 people there.  The atmosphere was nice with the roll up garage door that opened up to the outside.  Drinks and drink prices are average. The bartender that served me was personable and efficient.  At around midnight-ish this place turns into a completely different animal. Out of the woodwork comes several dozen youngsters who are into the hip-hop scene and the DJ starts cranking up his MacBook 'tunes...exit stage left for me at that point.  Too loud, given the poor acoustics and hard surfaces and I'm not into that scene.
2	Yelp deal was not honored, even though we were the only people in the establishment, because it was happy hour. Also Chardonnay was ordered but then the server brought red wine. I don't plan to return.
4	This was a stop during our downtown graduation bar crawl and I will definitely be back.  The place is a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but it is squished in the small downtown area. It has an outdoor patio area, and inside bar, and the lounge itself is in the shape of a long and narrow rectangle.I really like the minimalist decor and atmosphere.  During their happy hour, 4-7PM, the inside of the bar is really well lit and it's actually quite refreshing.  Happy hour consisted of 1/2 of well drinks and $1 off beers (according to our bartender although it states 1/2 of well drinks, beer, and wine everywhere online), not the best I've had but I'll take it.I must say, I was a huge fan of the music they were playing.  Their playlist certainly touched my hipster heartstrings. Also, they have a portion of a wire fence hanging on a wall in the lounge.  This mimics the lover's bridge in Paris where you can buy/bring a lock, sign yours and your lover's name on it, lock it onto the fence, throw away the key, and forever symbolize your eternal love for one another (that is, until they cut the locks off or take down the fence).  But it was romantic nonetheless.  Two friends actually bought a lock (I don't know from where but it had to have been nearby on Fremont) and locked their love on the fence. Cute.
5	While many are aware that things were forgotten in the documentation of Genesis, God's creative period, none is more egregious than ignoring God's creation of Vanguard, the most glorious bar one can find downtown. Staffed by some of the most knowledgeable, friendly, and all-around wonderful humans in Vegas, there is nothing one can say that isn't wonderful about Vamguard. It has single-handedly reoriented my thinking about going out as a local in Vegas. There is nothing like this place - believe me.
4	You know what? it's a classy bar on Fremont East. Seriously. I never noticed that until I looked at their cocktail menu.I've been here a couple times, they have happy hours and reverse happy hours on Sundays and weekdays. Came here on a Saturday night around 10:30 pm. It wasn't that raging until later on.I only ordered beer that night which was actually just Stella and Shock Top, costing from $5-6. The menu has cocktails raging from $10 up to almost $20. Bartenders are very friendly...I think they were REALLY friendly cause I was with 3 girls. Anyway, I enjoy this place, they have a dj, you can hang out at the bar or the patio. Have fun!
1	Dear vanguard, in Vegas your lifeblood is locals that bring their friends to your establishment to spend their money and support your business... Treat your locals right and you will survive in this town... Tonight I was treated with little respect and was throughly disappointed in the place i used to love and bring many of my out of town friends to... After having some drinks at the griffin my group made their was over to vanguard... I was told they were closed and I walked away only to observe several other people walk into the establishment ..... As I inquired again i was told they were closed... Point being your place has become "too cool" what used to be a place to enjoy good music and reasonable prices has now become part of "the scene" . I am a professional in this town and have many people to entertain when they come into town.... I will never spend a dime again in your place and I am throughly disappointed in you're establishment. You have lost a customer for life and I will make sure you lose many more.
4	Vanguard is a great lounge in the Downtown Fremont area, with reasonable drink prices and a great vibe.
4	A unique cocktail menu makes Vanguard worth a look, as mixology is their thing!I was informed by the bartender that the menu is just a guide, they can make anything you want. He was obvioulsy proud of their menu, and although I was tempted to try a drink, I just stopped to check out the menu for a future Downtown pub crawl. The prices reflect the mixology theme, and they do have a happy hour with decent prices. The decor is definitely more upscale than one would expect on Fremont Street. It may be just me, but if I want a $15 drink, I'll be at the Bellagio or Wynn. However, to be encouraged to order whatever you want may be a thing.
3	Good music/DJ here but the set-up of Vanguard is terrible. Even when it's not packed, it seems crowded because the entire bar is just a dancefloor in the front followed by a long hallway with a bar on one side. There is no room to move around or move out of someone's way. When I've been here in the past, I've never stayed very long because we get tired of this tiny place. Good thing they don't charge cover because I would never come...I don't think I've ever spent more than 15 min here...
5	Cool place to be. It's not ratchet, the drinks are $5-$6 and up versus the strip they start at like $12.  Anyway the vibes here are are hella cool. And the Dj is pretty cool. If you don't want to be on the crazy busy strip causes it's just too much hassle, go down to Fremont street. Aw and theres not a dress code, but I don't know if they allow you to wear hats.
4	I usually do not like Vanguard unless I'm completely drunk off my mind. Last night it was pretty fun. They played all the right music and I was with the right people. Overall, the security are funny. The bartenders weren't too busy so they were pretty attentive.
3	Reading the reviews, I wish I had been able to get a drink here, but on a Saturday night, it was just too packed! The bouncer said that the capacity was 97, but it sure felt like more people than that were in there! The dj was awesome and the place was rocking, but I couldn't stay too long because it was just too packed. I will be back when it isn't so busy so I can sample a beverage or two!
5	I went here for the first time last night and I have to say I'm a fan.Downtown in general is a great spot for locals. The vibe is definitely different and everything is a bit more casual when it comes down to appearance. Inside isn't as easy on the eyes as Commonwealth, but I love the music played here. If you're looking for a place to dance you heart off to then go here!The drinks are your average price - a tad bit cheaper than the Strip. My 2 friends ordered an Adios and they were saying Adios by the end of the night. Their drinks tasted 95% alcohol. It was super strong, but got the job done for them.Another plus is that there is no cover charge for guys or girls. How awesome!
1	Its too small, and dank.   I just dont get it?   I never give 1 stars, but this one deserves it, service slow, no ambiance, nothing to offer me really.  Plus the owners are careless and dont understand the bar business, its sad, great location. Failed on the concept, I still dont know what they are going for, it reminds me of a stall in an alley where you drink on a stool with your feet hanging in the alley, then they close up the wall after dark and drunks are in the alley pissing , I dont like my feet hanging out in traffic or in the alley.   Alley cats welcome though I am sure.....anyway, just pass!
5	Cool place Tuesday nights
4	Little bit of drink science happens here.While waiting for friends to hit up downtown with us and being still a little early we strolled into Vanguard. Passing here quite a few nights it's always packed so we took advantage of the early birds we are and jumped in to down a drink or two.Serving up some infused tequila and a Moscow mule we sat and chatted with the bartender for a bit and got a little more info on the place. 8am he said was the calm before the storm, when this place gets more than 4 people in it, some sort of magnet draws people in by the truckload. So if your planning a night with a group or just a couple make sure to come in a little early.This place is all cocktails, they do have beer but not on tap. Good atmosphere and resonable drink prices I'd say this place has a lot going for it!!! Hell just look at all the other great reviews.....
5	A mixology bar with some of the best drinks I've had. Affordable prices with a very fun and nice staff!! Always have a great time with good music to dance to!! A must go for locals or if you're just visiting.
5	Great bar, great craft drinks and amazing staff! Awesome happy hour, with great djs at night
5	The Vanguard Lounge is a "must see" in Las Vegas! It's has a sexy, cool vibe that is perfect for any type of night. You will truly enjoy your experience!
4	The happy hr is very nice. I really like the Collins. They have a decent beer selection (bottled). Bartender is very informative and knowledgeable of his drinks. He also helped me understand the reenforced bottle Music is just right and laid back. Ambience is chill. Yet another enjoyable visit.
4	first time here after hearing nothing but great things about it. tuesday night so knew it would be slow, but still had a good time. cocktail list was small and simple but great options. staff was very friendly and helpful. bartenders were very attentive and continued to ensure we were happy. dj played music at a good level for a slow night. def want to go back on a busy night to see that place really cracking. funny atmosphere b/c their are only about 10 bar stools and a small couch. rest of the bar is all standing, which clearly seems cool for dancing. prices were good, cocktails were $12-$15. my girlfriend got a groupon for $20 that was good for $40 so we got 3 cocktails which was nice. overall great experience and def will go back...
4	I came in with a Groupon and I have to say that my Groupon ended up being too much. we had left over money on it. the drinks are pretty decently priced. we aren't liquor drinkers but they have quite a good beer selection. The atmosphere was very industrial looking. I liked it. it was loud but that is to be expected at a bar. Over all I'm giving it 4-stars because its just not my scene but it was a pleasure to check it out. its a really nice bar. I would bring someone here.
5	Had probably the most epic Tuesday night ever here on a trip to downtown LV back in 2012. Drinks all around were great and fair priced - staff was awesome and on point with their recommendations. Even more memorable was the DJ playing that night - wish I could teleport back to relive it all.. Can't wait to venture back here next time I'm in town.
2	This place is Ratchet with a capital R! I'm with Joel J. - I don't get all the hype or the 4 star rating for Vanguard Lounge. I came here with a group of four people on a Saturday night around 12:30AM. This is prime time people. The Groupon I bought earlier the same night is what brought me to Vanguard.  Pros: There's no cover charge.Cons: There's no cover charge, so the place is even more so infested with hoodlums. When our group walked in, we were immediately turned off by the music that was playing (hip-hop) and the plain, unattractive layout of the bar. The place was empty-ish, but after about 30 minutes a tidal wave of partiers entered. The place was so packed that we were constantly being bumped into. I had a mild panic attack as we were leaving because I had to squeeze, push, and fight my way through the dance floor to get out of the club and breathe some fresh air. Did I mention I'm slightly claustrophobic?Vanguard is in a great location. It's located smack dab on the main Fremont drag next to Insert Coins and the Beat Coffeehouse. It's convenient to stop by if you're bar hopping along East Fremont, but the centralized location is pretty much the only positive thing about Vanguard. Service at the bar was okay. We were served relatively quickly considering how busy it was. I ordered 4 Irish Trash Cans (A Long Island with Blue Curacao and Peach Schnapps). The total came to $48. I was peeved at the $12 a piece price tag, especially since the drinks were served in dinky little plastic cups. I mean, c'mon, I could go to the much classier Wayfarer bar across the street and pay the same amount for a drink that tasted and looked a million times better. There's nothing going for Vanguard. I definitely won't come back. Everyone in my group thought the place sucked. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is that the bartenders were quick and they didn't hassle me about my Groupon. Oh yeah and the 20% off the first order for the Yelp Check in is a Pro too.
3	Good drinks & prices. Cool spot on Fremont street. Biggest downside for me is that it's REALLY loud here.
4	Veryy in style. Love it here. Lil pricey on the drinks. But first fridays ate alwyas poppping
