1	This place is no good. I went last year for a routine checkup. One month later I had some pain in my mouth, went back and Dr. Dunn said that I had a cavity between two teeth. He recommended two crowns and before you knew it I was out $1600 after insurance! At least he gave me some pain pills.A month later I get the same pain, sharp pains molars, I go back for an emergency visit, and the dentist says I cracked the third tooth behind it which may have got infected? I said that was probably his fault when he removed the first two teeth and he proceeds to tell me I need a root canal and third crown. Luckily the root canal was successful and I return to get the permanent crown with more pain pills. He nicely said he'd only make me pay half of the third crown to keep my as his customer.It's been six months, I have three crowns, a root canal and the pain has returned. My tooth is now super sensitive to cold (to the point where even brushing my teeth hurts). I will not be returning to this office and have moved my primary care elsewhere. It's too bad because my schedules where on time and his location is great. I say in person Dr. Dunn is really nice, but I'm flat out broke from spending money on my teeth and I cannot afford another one of his mistakes.
5	My husband and I have been seeing dr DiCarlo for years and gave nothing but good things to say about him and his practice. Our extended family goes there as well. Dr DiCarlo saved my tooth when another dentist wanted to pull it.
1	If I could give this place no star, I definitely will. Horrible, horrible customer service. All they care is money, nothing else. There is no basic trust on the patient. I got my invisalign from Dr. DiCarlo. I told him in advance that I could only stay in pittsburgh for a year then I would move to some other place after graduation, cause I'm aware of that the whole treatment takes at least a year and half and you have to come back to see your doctor once a while. He promised that it wouldn't be a problem. They can just mail the new sets to you without me coming back. However, that didn't work. Before I leave I still have at least half a month to go and I DO need to come back cause my teeth need some adjustment to fit the new set. Instead of coming up with a solution all they told me is I had to make the payment immediately! Yes, that's the first thing came to their mind! Don't get me wrong, it's not like I still have several thousand dollar balance. My whole treatment costs $3500 and I paid $3000 within two month after I started my treatment. I WANNA hold the $500 until I finish my treatment cause I don't want to make them become very irresponsible since the patient is away. However, I DO understand that this may not be acceptable for them. I'm willing to make the full payment before I go. Unfortunately, I got a phone call on the day before my last appointment and was told that I HAD TO make a full payment within 24hrs, otherwise they will cancel the appointment and won't release the new sets. I was so shocked by the dramatic change of their attitudes. I understand that they might think I will be away so they may lose this $500. So I told them how about I had this appointment and make the payment in three days before I go. Surprisedly, they said NO. I was so speechless. It has been ridiculous. I'm a graduate student in pharmacy and just got a job in hospital. I'm pretty sure that I'm able to make the damn $500 payment. ALL I have to do is do some transfer and it takes time. Sadly, they have no trust on patient. How are they expecting the trust from patients?No, I wouldn't recommend this place to you, from the bottom of my heart.
