5	Holy delicious donuts!!!  This is the place to go!  We had these at work today and they are absolutely fabulous!  The glazed donuts are perfection.  They are light and sweet like Krispie Cream, but they have a less greasy quality.  The chocolate was perfect not to thick or too cakey.  They also have boba tea (if it's not obvious by the name) in over 40 flavors.  They even have flavored boba.  I will be back for the donuts and I am excited to try the boba here.  This place is definitely the best donuts in the valley.
5	This was an amazing discovery! I live very close by so I've been keeping an eye on it but boy am I glad I tried it already! They serve Big Train products which I looove because their chai is to die for! They have a huge selection of donuts that all look delicious and their prices are fantastic! Starbucks just lost a customer! The staff is also very kind, but be patient because the service is not extremely fast. You guys need to try this place out!
5	This place is amazing!!!  I've had taro with boba at many place a cross the valley and this is absolutely the most delicious. The people that work here are so nice, when my boyfriend and I ordered some donuts they threw in an extra one just because! I really hope people catch on to this place so it stays open.
5	This place is such a gem! We work right by the basically deserted ex-basha's plaza it opened in and tried out some boba and donuts today. They ladies who worked there were so sweet - they even gave us a free donut to try which ended up being delicious! My boba is really good too - you can't go wrong with taro flavor. Thankfully a new grocery store is opening up so they will get more exposure because this place is super delicious. The donuts were fluffy but not greasy and not super heavy either. Sometimes you bite into a donut and you feel like you just ate a loaf of bread. These were so delicious!
5	My new favorite place, their donuts are so good that I literally need everyday! And the boba milk tea is better than every other places that I've tried in Arizona. And the owner couple are super nice, love them!
3	Whoever said their boba was the best clearly hasnt tried the best of the best! This place has barely any donut selections compared to bosa or golden delicious and the boba was too squishy and texture was off.  I wish this place had the egg pudding so I could get something similar to tapioca express from back home in CA. My number one boba spot out here is definitely not this place and def not my number 1 donut spot.Totally overpriced for their donuts. esp for a dozen where you can go to bosa or golden and its less than this place/
4	This is great! Boba and donuts....mmm. They have blended ice which us actually pretty good...not too sweet. Nice folks. I highly recommend everyone coning here.
5	Very friendly workers! I got a dozen donuts for about $9 and she even threw in an extra! I ordered an assortment and they were delicious! I will be back! :)
5	I've been going here every week or two since the highly convenient Neighborhood Walmart opened up in the same complex.  "Boba" is referred to as "Bubble Tea" where I'm from.  (Boba = Tapioca balls added to the drink; can be omitted.)This place has been consistently excellent (quality, taste, pleasant service) every time I've gone.  Open until 8pm-ish.  Drinks take a couple of minutes each, so take a peek at the baked goods while it blends."Previous day's" donuts are discounted, and fully revitalized after being nuked for 15 seconds, but fresh in the morning are killer.Blended Taro or iced Milk Tea are a good bet for "beginners."Local business worth supporting!
5	I went there pretty late in the evening, so their selection was limited. That aside, the guy at the counter was really friendly and the donut I got was delicious. A LOT better than anything from the chains.
2	I ordered the milk tea with boba, which was PRETTY BAD. I was a little disappointed because it's run by an asian family from San Francisco, so I thought they might've had some knowledge of how milk tea tastes from the bay area, but NOPE. They use powder and I couldn't even taste the tea. Any person who has ever tasted ANY milk tea drink from the good land (by good land I mean CA) will probably find this place awful. If your taste buds have only had milk tea in AZ then you will find this place good.I couldn't even finish my drink (nor force it down), but they were nice so I didn't have the heart to throw it away in front of them...I waited till i got home and dumped it down the sink. I'm a cheap asian person too, so throwing something away unfinished that i paid for says a lot.Also they gave us free donuts, which tasted okay.It might do them better to change the store name to just "Donuts" so people don't come here for boba drinks and give them bad reviews.
4	They offer popping bubbles with different flavors
5	Best apple fritter I have had in a long time! Crispy edges with a soft center.  And a good size, especially considering it was regular donut price.  Unfortunately for them, I don't live very close at all.
5	Best taro boba smoothie ever. Perfect balance of creaminess and taste. The owner was really nice, too. Gave us a free donut hole to try which got me hooked so I bought a dozen. Then I bought a half dozen of their other donuts and she gave us a free random one. Such a delightful experience and a good hang out place too.
5	I love my donuts & have tried most of the donut locations in the East valley. This is the Best donuts in all of the east valley!!! Hands down this place beats all of the other Asian donut places in town. The owners are local & very friendly. They are always friendly & the prices are reasonable. If you're near the area & love/want donuts, come here!!! You will not be disappointed.
3	Hit up this place early one morning with the wife to try out the donuts (as we heard they were as good as Bosa's). They were definitely tasty and had good variety, however I wouldn't say they knocked my socks off like Bosa's did. I think I would have given them 4 stars were it not for the fact I ordered a milk tea boba drink and the boba was severely overcooked (to the point where they were all mushy) and the drink itself tasted powdery...I'll definitely come again for the donuts but skip the milk tea boba drinks next time around...
4	Still on a quest for the absolute BEST donut, so far, even with my unpleasant drive-thru experience last Thursday (another story for a different day), Arizona Donut Co. in Tempe is at the top of my list.The ladies here were very friendly, solely what my rating is based off of (even got a free sample of Chai tea w/Boba). The donuts, on the other hand, were JUST ok; they get a whole 2 stars at best.I tried an old-fashioned glaze and a glaze twist, half of which is sitting in a bag on the counter.  I don't care to taste the oil that the donuts were fried in. Let alone, see it through the dough. Doubt I return for donuts however; there is a slim chance I might try their boba drinks (the guy in line said they're really good here).
4	Ok so I would rate this place a 4 out of 5 is I solely based it on the donuts. They are pretty good and the lady that works there is very friendly and gave me 2 extra donuts free, which I def did not need lol, but it was very nice of her. Not too many businesses provided good customer service these days. Anyway the only downfall is the boba which saddens me because I was extremely excited when I saw a boba place going near me. I'm from the Bay Area and you can seriously find boba on every corner! So I have tried their milk tea and I won't have it again, I tried something else one time and didn't finish it and today I got a Thai tea which is ok. I crave boba all the time so this is frustrating because the next nearest place is kind of far but it is good. So kuddos for the donuts, but not so much for the milk tea.
1	The boba is really bad. They dont use real fruits, instead, they use the powder which makes the boba too sweet. And it is artificial flavor.
4	The boba was squishy good, but the drink was really sweet (like drinking candy). BUT being from California, this is the next best thing I've tasted. The donut was fresh and delicious too!
5	I've been to a couple places where they sell boba tea and donuts but very rarely is it good. This place is definitely one of the good ones walked in and was helped by a very friendly guy who is the son of the owners gave me some donut holes for free to try out which turned out tasting great! Also the boba tea was delicious, I highly recommend this place especially if your a fan of the boba tea house and bosa donuts.
5	We were greeted immediately. The employee was helpful and knowledgable about Boba menu.  The Milk Tea Boba was very tasty and donut was fresh.
4	Friendly workers, but wish things were labeled better. The boba tea I got was not what I was expecting.  I asked for lavender and got a blended cinnamon cream shake with flavorless gummies at the bottom.Donuts were great, just wish flavors were labeled. I will be back, and be more careful with what I order :)
4	First time trying boba donuts.  The boba tea drink was a surprise;  didn't expect that squishy substance.  It was OK.  Kinda plain maybe next time we'll try a different flavor.  The donuts were delicious however there was a moth flying around in the display,  I let the guy know and he immediately took the trays of donuts out.  Service was good.
1	Only one star because I can't put zero so I went in today and asked for an almond milk tea not blended! And what I got to my astonishment was just a freaking glass of milk with tapiocas seriously? And NO TEA Any other boba tea place I've ever been to has a special almond milk TEA mix plus I've ordered it before blended at this establishment and I saw them making it and it wasn't just a freaking glass of milk! Why would I pay $5 for a glass of milk instead of getting a gallon from the walmart across the street? So STUPID oh and also this place always charges differently even if you order the exact same thing some days is more expensive or cheaper than others... Weird
2	This place is family run and in desperate need to bring up to a acceptable level of making the right boba drink ! This place need to learn how others such as lee's sandwiches, or boba tea house are doing it right. I just feel like this place is trying to do too much (boba, ice cream, donuts). At the end of the day it doesn't one thing right! Focus on ur boba drink and donut! And make a few things that are signature to your shops to stand out from your competition!
4	Man accidently walks into a donut shop thinking is a spring roll restaurant.  Man finds out the spring roll place is closed that night and orders donuts instead.  Good eating ensues.  Seriously, I haven't enjoyed a donut that much in a long time.
5	love this place, doughnuts are the freshest and yummiest, the coffee is great too!
5	Absolute best donuts in the valley. Hands down. They taste homemade and they gave a huge variety. Their bobas are all awesome too. Get a Thai tea with boba...
4	Great donuts and super friendly staff/owners. Not once but twice now I have gone in for a half dozen and I left with 1-2 extra donuta in the box at no extra charge. They are really awesome and want their customers to leave happy. Their Thai iced tea boba is also really good!!! I personally think it's better than the one at boSa donuts. I also love fritters so the fact that they have both blueberry and apple is pretty awesome.Thumbs up!
4	Yummy donuts and very friendly service!  The lady working there was great with our little son.  This shop offers so many flavors of blended drinks that it makes it difficult to decide what to order, but that's a good thing.  I prefer my boba a little more firm than Boba & Donuts provides, but they were fine and I'd order again.  We'll be back!
1	I really liked my Thai iced tea and the donuts looked good (although the display case needed some TLC) but the girl who worked there had zero knowledge of product ingredients. I asked if the donuts had high fructose corn syrup because that ingredient always leaves a funky taste in my mouth and gives me a stomach ache. She didn't bother asking someone who knows and didn't go and check the ingredients. She did check the some of the drink ingredients to find they did indeed contain high fructose corn syrup. Thankfully they had the Thai Iced tea that was corn syrup free! I would suggest they have an ingredient list available for their customers who care about what they consume. Just because I desire a sweet treat doesn't mean I want to eat barely digestible ingredients! If I want a donut, I want it the good old fashioned way- made with SUGAR, same for my sweet beverages. A lot of business cut corners by using high fructose corn syrup assuming its the same as sugar when in fact it is very hard to digest and causes fatty liver and other awful health issues when regularly consumed, not to mention the taste is inferior to that of sugar. Also most corn syrup is genetically modified due to the GMO corn used to make it.I love a good Boba tea but I prefer patronizing a place that is ingredient conscious and has friendly, helpful and knowledgeable customer service. The girl working there seemed to be annoyed I even came in :(So much for donuts tonight, maybe next time..
5	Great boba and service!  The large cup is actually a large, unlike other boba places.  The donuts are yummy and the person behind the counter was super nice!  I got the blended mocha boba and my boyfriend got the cookies and cream.  I tried both and they were both delicious.  The only thing missing was the cute little lids, they just put them in regular plastic cups.  They're also a tad bit pricey for me to do on a regular basis, but it's the perfect treat.
1	I went to check this place out because the reviews looked good. My oh my was I disappointed. There was another review that said The Street was not as good and I say they are lying! I ordered the belgian chocolate and kona mocha with boba, both blended. Both drinks were not blended all the way and the boba was tasteless. I got some donuts too but they were okay. Same as the ones you get from Frys. Save your money. Go to The Street for boba.
5	ok, so i tried all the coffee flavors and the menthe mint is THE best one!  if you like mint, this is your dream beverage :)
4	I ordered a milk tea with boba drink and some funky maple donut. Both came out great! The boba was so soft which is my favorite! I hate when they come out hard. The donut had just the right amount of glaze so it wasn't too sweet. I definitely can see myself coming back here a lot.
4	This is heaven. For what it is, anyway. Boba and Doughnuts is exactly what it says on the outside: a place that sells boba tea and doughnuts. No pretenses. There's ice cream and coffee as well, making it more of a traditional cafe at times, but the obvious appeal is in the name. (1) Boba. (2) Doughnuts. Bam. The boba is superb. The boba are chewy, the Thai iced tea flavor I had was perfectly flavorful without being too sweet, and the experience was pleasant. One nice feature is that the boba are slightly smaller and more numerous than at similar places, which makes them easier to drink through a straw. The doughnuts are also good. We had a traditional glazed doughnut and a old fashioned chocolate doughnut. The former was yeast based and the latter was cake based. Both were good, though I will note that I probably couldn't eat too many of them. The yeast doughnut was no Krispy Kreme, but it was still good. I wasn't as much of a fan of the cake based doughnut, but that was a personal preference thing. Highly, highly recommended.
3	Boba & Donuts . . . A-OK describes it quite accurately. Prices are on point with Golden and Bosa Donuts. I ordered a Chocolate Old Fashioned Cruller on my way to a meeting. The texture was spongy and weird, and the oil it was fried in tasted dirty.  Not a big donut fan to begin with, but there are better places in the valley to blow your treat calories on.
