5	Great pastries!  Always friendly service at this small, family owned and operated restaurant. Make sure to stop in for one of their delicious daily specials.  The beans and greens with hot sausage are the best I've ever had!
4	I ate here for lunch the other day. I had the ailo pasta, green salad and a slice of the best coffee cake I ever had. It was moist, filled with sliced peaches and so tasty!  The person who took my order was very nice and made suggestions which they followed up on, and which I appreciated.  The server was quiet, but friendly and efficient.  I will definitely come here again. I have had their Italian Wedding Soup in the past which is really good, as well.
5	I love everything about this place. The service (they greet me by name when I walk in the door), the food (fresh made pastries, pizzas, soups, pastas and salad), and the location (in the heart of the Strip, sandwiched between La Prima and Pgh Popcorn). This is  a must try for a quick, reasonably priced lunch. And the quality is European-style -- the best, freshest ingredients.
4	One of my favorite lunch spots in pgh - great service, outside seating, love the tomato mozzarella sandwich.  great menu with vegetarian options.  took 1 star off for no public bathroom (there is one at penn mac around the corner!)
5	Mainly for take out, but we like to eat at one of the two the stand up tables. The sandwiches are perfect. The Torta Rustica is perfect. The pastry is perfect. The pumpkin pie I bought there for Thansgiving was perfect. Have never had a bad bite. It is connected  to the coffee shop next door so we get coffee there and listen to the guys hanging around , sipping espresso chatting in Italian while in line. Always very crowded on Saturday but worth the jostling.
5	Mom and I ventured to Pittsburgh popcorn and walked by Colangelo's. A couple was eating at one of the tables outside and their food smelled so amazing that we had to go in! The beans and greens are fantastic! I love that they add potatoes and sun dried tomatoes! Mom had a piece of pizza that she said was awesome as well!! I just wish they were opened later as we very rarely make it to the strip during their hours!
4	Very tasty. I would stop by if in the strip.
5	I've never had their pizza, but I have their pastries, and they are recommended. I especially recommend their macaroons, their lady locks, and their GIANT chocolate cookies. The macaroons are packed with coconut. The lady locks have a really good buttercream frosting inside.
5	My review is not about their pastries since I never tried them before, but about their pizza and Panini's.  Went here on a rather hot day as a new stop for lunch.  There are a few outdoor seating areas and I think maybe a table or so inside but I can't recall for sure.  I know we ate outside and the seating was very limited.  That being said it was one of those nice gems you happily encounter on an adventure to try something new.  Me and my colleagues examined the menu for a bit.  My one coworker went with a whole cheese pizza with Gorgonzola, and she ate the whole thing.  I tried a bite and it was so yummy.  I opted for the Tomato Mozzarella Panini, and was not disappointed.   My other friend and fellow foodie got a meatball Panini.  Fresh bread, small portion of mixed olives on the side, very very satisfying.  I can't wait to go back and try some more items, really great stop in the Strip with fresh homemade ingredients, just don't forget to bring the cash, no CC accepted...
5	I don't see Pittsburgh without Colangelo's the best best for breakfast, lunch, and everything in between!! Pizzas, pastas, frittatas, cupcakes, you name them, I eat them! @bigbenzaburgh
4	Discovered this place when I went searching for some pastries for a morning meeting.  Raspberry and almond croissants were excellent.  Everything in the case looked inviting, and I liked that there were savory croissants as well.  I'll be back!
5	This little bakery is absolutely spectacular.You need to quit reading this review and just go there!  You walk in, and it's basically straight up food porn.   Feast for the eyes, and a party in your mouth.  The spinach & cheese croissant is the stuff that dreams are made of--i get one every friday and on day's that aren't Friday, I think about the croissant like...all day.The pizza and panini's are next on my list to try.  This bakery is a true gem, if you haven't been there yet you must go!
5	The food is always fantastic when we go in there. Some of the best pizza I have had since moving to pittsburgh!   We'll make special trips to the strip district just to get some of their food!!!
4	I stopped in here this past Sun. to pick up some baked goodies after visiting Wholey's for lunch.  After perusing the display case, I decided on the cheese danish, the cinnamon roll (last one!), and a chocolate cakey thing (they told me its name, but I forget).  I ate the cheese danish immediately, and packed up the rest to take home for later consumption in the privacy of my lair.The pastries ranged from very good to excellent in quality.  The cinnamon roll was the least distinct/exciting of the bunch--while tasty, it lacked any characteristics to set it apart from cinnamon rolls at any other bakeries.  (I forgot to take a picture of it, since I was eager to consume it on Mon. morning, but it looked like a standard bakery cinnamon roll.)  I'd suggest putting more cinnamon in it, since I felt that it was a bit light in this respect, and more cinnamon = better roll.  The cheese danish was set apart from other cheese danishes by (1) its large size and (2) the contrast between the sweetness of the icing and the cheese filling, which was creamy and delicious but not as sweet as the fillings of Entenmann's, which is the cheese danish I'm most familiar with.  The chocolate cakey thing was my favorite, despite that I just consumed it today, 2.5 days after purchase.  After a brief warming in the microwave, its middle became fudgy, contrasting with the crispness of the top.  Although it was super-rich and satisfying, it wasn't cloyingly sweet--it had just enough sugar to bring out the chocolatey flavor.  If you're a dark chocolate lover, I highly recommend it!Overall, a very solid collection of baked goods, and friendly service.  If/when I return, I'll have to go earlier, so that there's more left to choose from.  I'll also have to try their cannoli, which looked super-tempting, as well as their savory goods (pizza and panini).  Definitely worth a stop when you visit the Strip!  4.5 stars.NOTE: They now accept credit cards. I'm not sure if there's a minimum, though, since I paid with cash.
4	Colangelo's is a treasure in the Strip District hidden amongst the other incredible food places. Sure, you might have to eat standing up huddled between the adorable elderly Italian men who frequent the joint, but it's all part of the experience. Colangelo's boats a full roster of treats and meals. The pastry selection here includes muffins, cheese danishes, almond croissants (my favorite!), and all sorts of other breakfast goodness. I like to go early in the morning on a weekday, grab a croissant and cappuccino from la Prima next door and get my grocery shopping done while the Strip is deserted. If I don't make it in time for breakfast, lunch is just as fantastic. While I'm typically a hearty eater, I can't stay away from Colangelo's salads. The Tuscan salad is delicious and full of spring greens, feta, and artichoke hearts. The house made white balsamic is TO DIE FOR. Take it from me--I am not a salad eater by trade and I dream of this Tuscan salad night and day. Colangelo's also has a full pasta menu, with specials each day. I highly recommend the gnocchi when it's on special, and the pesto is amazing as well. You can order pasta by the half order, which is a lifesaver when you want to cram both a salad and pasta in over a lunch break. Believe it or not, there's even more! I love the sandwich selection here, the chicken sandwich especially. I think what I'm trying to convey here is that you can't make a wrong choice at this place. Colangelo's knocks everything out of the park. It's a great family owned place with even more enthusiastic patrons. My only wish would be for more seating! In the winter you are limited to two standing tables inside. I recommend coming early or late for the lunch crowd. That being said, I would stand on one leg and eat this stuff! Never-mind a standing table!
