4	Cherry Bar... Don't be swayed by the name... Its a man's bar....  no, no stripper pole!  I wasn't sure what to expect, when I walked in, but when I was greeted by the familiar face of Tom, the bartender ( His abilities are legendary from Padlock and Friends) I knew I was gonna be quite happy! Prior to being baptized "Cherry Bar" ... the place was most recently named "Friends"... it had a great staff and location, but lacked an identity. I understand that changes are underway, and a lot can be expected in the future from the new owners, including a completed outdoor patio area and interior remodel. Personally, I'm happy to see their Men's bathroom is modern, clean and well lit. ( unlike another nameless bar on 7th Street just North of Missouri ..YUK !!!) They also have some awesome drink specials going on.. I was there on a Thursday night... and it was 2-4-1... other specials are Mojito Mondays $4.00 until 11...with karaoke starting at 9! and $5.00 well Martinis on Wednesday! And Every night is 2-4-1 from 11PM until close! So... I'll be here often...... it has a lot of potential... and besides... If you ask... Tom will shake the hell out of your martini the way it should be... frosty cold!
4	No this is not a lesbian bar or a strip club.. just a gay bar.. no attitudes and a very comfortable space to hang out in! Plus they have Blue Moon on tap which is fantastic!! Me and the Mr rarely go to the bars because they can be so cruisy, not this place. Just a local drinking spot for gay men, oh yes, and there are loads of bears too!
4	WOW... What is going on here... This place has only been open a month, and the crowds are packin in!  When the bar was named "Friends"... the patrons were pretty much in the "over 40" age group... ( keep the yaps SHUT ).. and the place was empty after 9 PM.  That was then......Now this place is a TRUE mix of ages and backgrounds, and has been packed every night I've been there ( even midweek ).  I have to admit... I like the bar and NEW friendly bar staff ...better and better each time I go (is it me or are some of the bartenders SUPER cute? ) ... the only thing though... its hard to find a chair now.
4	I'm a big fan of Cherry Bar and have been frequenting the locale since I first moved to AZ 6 1/2 years ago and FRIENDS had just opened in this space.  The new owners are awesome.  They've invested a fair amount of moulah into upgrading and renovating the place, which is paying off in spades with the uptick in foot traffic I've seen over the past few months.They have a very nice appetizer/nibbler menu and are now offering a nice lunch menu to boot. I've only tasted the pot stickers so far and they were great!  Everything looks and smells delicious and when talking to Todd, one of the owners, his passion for food is evident -- which clearly translates into good food and good service.I spend too much money in this place, but not because the drinks are overpriced. I just drink there too much with my other half.  Guh.  Actually the food and drinks are very well priced and the service is consistently top notch.  Best bartender?  Tom.  Hands down, no question.  Haven't seen Billy in a while, but that boy was swoonerific.I'd give Cherry Bar 5 stars, except there's still no outside patio service. Smoking and drinking (if you're a smoker) is like PB&J (there's no gettin' 'round it), but for now you still have to leave your drink inside when you kill your lungs.  I'd like to be able to destroy my lungs & liver simultaneously.  The crowd tends to be mixed and all over the board depending on the time of day (or night) and ranges from average Joes to a smattering of twinks to bears, daddies and some seniors and ladies on occasion.  They play a lot of extreme sports on the TV's and the music has leapt forward into the 21st century with the new owners.  Mostly like a neighborhood bar/grille scene but can get pretty packed on weekend nights, as it deserves to!If you want a great atmosphere, no attitude, mixed crowd, fantastic service and reasonably priced food & bev -- taste Phoenix's newest cherry and tell me what you think!
2	Went in last night with a friend, looked around, walked out. Maybe we got there way too early but it had an eerie waxworks museum quality to it. Strange people hanging out in the parking lot in back. Almost indescribable. A co-worker always goes on about how hot the bartenders are here but I was so confused walking in due to the atmosphere I didn't even notice the bartender. Will have to go back for a full review.
3	Ugh! Can't this bar make up its mind? So, the former Friends bar becomes Cherry Bar and now it's under a transformation into something I just don't get. Whatever, I think it still has the potential to be a kick-ass bar. It just needs to identify itself as such and proceed accordingly. While I like that they've removed all the excess TVs and streamlined the interior, I still have to wonder where the owners are going. I'll reserve my judgment while the transition is being completed. Until then, I wish Cherry Bar luck and hope to be back...on a night when I'm not lapped on by some other guy's boyfriend.
4	Okay, I get it. All the skinny bitches hate on this place while the chubby chasers like me see potential. Am I one of the few who sees the absolute hotness in a fluffy man? Whatev...I'm bumping it up at star, if only for providing a venue for eye candy for people like me.:googlie eyes:
5	My other  half and I have been coming down to Cherry Bar (was Friends) for some time now.  We live in Sun City. Okay, okay, I know what you are all thinking: Old Folks bar...Nah, nah!But Cherry Bar and their staff hosted the Prime Timers of Phoenix. and I want to say they treated us like very special people. We had all heard that Cherry Bar wanted NO more  contact with the older Gay community, BUT, Last night they treated us way and beyond what they had to do.  Prime Timer or not, I would totally recommend Cherry Bar to all of our out of state friends that visit us.Thank you Cherry Bar for treating us like we wer patrons and friends.Richard
5	First off, just let me say that the recent changes to this great little place rock...great bar staff...nice to see Jeff (formerly of Charlies Phoenix) behind the bar on Fri. & Sat....also a gorgeous and friendly female bartender as well (eye candy)....Eric Buckmaster aka Lady Christian is now managing the Cherry and has done an incredible job....he is also hosting a Monday night karaoke that is a blast...Truett Fuentes is slinging behind the bar on Monday evenings as well, the two of them together is a nice mix...the $1.50 Bud & Bud Light 12 oz. bottles ain't too shabby on Mondays either...really great time!!!Now let me say something about the Sunday Brunch...I went yesterday for the first time and I have to say it is the BEST...had the #3 which consisted of 3 eggs cooked to order, home fries, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, 3 biscuit halves with the best sausage gravy I have ever tasted...this was $8.00....the prices range from $6.00 to $8.00, and believe me you will be satisfied...They serve incredible mimosas for $2.00...I am a big fan of this place...the clientele is a array of straight, gay, bears (some of the nicest guys I have ever met)...they also have Lady Christians Trailer Trash Review Show on selected Friday night....I give this place 5 stars...you gotta check this place out!!!!!!
2	What makes a good gay bar?  It's definitely different than a normal bar.  And it all depends on what you are looking for.  Personally, I look for eye candy, stiff drinks, and good tunes.  So my review of Cherry is tempered heavily by my expectations for a good gay bar.What can be said about Cherry?  It's an old man's bar.  Karaoke is entertaining on Mondays if you enjoy off-key country ballads.  Thanks to the generosity of my friend Zach, I have never actually paid for a drink at Cherry, so I can't comment on their price, but the pour is average.
2	Popped in for a minute on a Wed night. It was busy. But as all the gay bars in this neighborhood I unfortunately reside in as a straight woman. It's a total mens club not a dance club. So I did not stay. I was in need of some fun upbeat music and it wasn't happening there.Seems all bars in the neighborhood are gay or dull but usually both.
1	Used to go here all the time.  New management changed the format, the great bartenders left,  lost all the regulars and now it looks like a mortuary every time I drive by.  Sad really. I used to love this place,
1	Dear Cherry Bar,You suck out loud.You suck so bad the old owner had to take the bar back.That's how badly you sucked.From the constant identity crisis,to the bad DJ's,to the bar staff that made up prices entirely on whims,Cherry,you suck.I'm so glad you're gone.Welcome back Friends Again.Thanks for saving Phoenix from this nightmare.
3	Now it's back to Friends after yet another management owner change. As far as gay bars go in Phoenix (which is pretty much nowhere) this one is at least clean and has lighting where you can see who you are talking to.Now that the asbestos/mold/DNA palace of Cellblock is torn down, this is the last leftover of the almost dead Indian School gay bar row.
