5	So what does a guy eat for lunch after spending 1/2 of his holiday cooking steaks, chicken, pulled pork, etc ??? Well, of course, BBQ !! For the last several weeks been driving by a sign for BBQ at a local Bar/Grill ( i believe it's called Lucky's ) so needed some lunch - why not ?!? they have 3,4 and 5 item combos ,lunch and dinner portions. i went with the 4 item - $16.99 comes with 2 sides ( dinner comes with 3 sides - not sure if meat portions change ) It may sound expensive but the portions were huge - i barely got through 1/2 my meal: - brisket - very tender , slight smoke ring, slight smoke taste, very, very good. - pulled pork - again, very tender, slight smoke taste, good flavor. - ribs - dry rub with a lil sauce ladled on top ; firm, meaty, yet tender - again, great flavor. - link - ok - , grilled. - sauce - nice spiciness too it, not to sweet, not too tangy ; complementing, not dominating the meat. only complaint, with meat serving sizes this large ( i'm guessing over 1/4 pound per side - possibly 1/3 pound servings ) they need to give a larger sauce container. for sides - had the slaw - decent and the homemade chips ( i could only try 2 - tasted great ! ) interesting that no bread included but i actually don't care for it. Overall, i was impressed. A side note - noticed that they had a sandwich menu dedicated to regionally known sammies ( i believe the menu called it Sandwich USA ..somethin like that ) One sandwich interested me was from Pittsburg - I believe it's the one served at Primanti's ( sp ) - that's on my radar , post low-carb. Happy Eating ! one pic included
3	I love BBQ and I'm always looking for a new BBQ joint to try.  Thanks to @keith I found this place.  I stopped by for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and was shocked that the place was dead.  Located inside Lucky's Lounge, a video poker bar, I expected it to be packed with people watching football....but it was not the case.  There were only 2 people in the restaurant and a handful at the bar.I decided to eat in the restaurant and sat at a table facing the TVs so I could watch the Chargers game while eating.  After looking over the menu, I decided I wanted to try the Hot Links Sandwich & the Beef Brisket Sandwich.  Both came with sides, but I didn't really want to have 2 sides and asked if I could get just the sandwich.  The server said no, so I ordered the Slaw and Sweet Potato Fries.  I almost got the Beans, but backed off.  To wash it down, i ordered Raspberry Iced Tea.After a short wait, the food came out.  Since I inquired about the Beans, the server brought out a small sample with my order....that was awesome of her.  I decided to give it a try before I ate the rest of my meal.....the Beans were delicious!  They were very tasty and not too sweet....instead of Bacon, they use some of the BBQ Pulled Pork to simmer in with the Beans...you can taste the Pork and I was beginning to think I should have ordered it instead of the Fries.I went after the Hot Links Sandwich next....there is no BBQ Sauce in the Sandwich, so you have to add it yourself.  I asked my server if they had a Spicy BBQ Sauce and she said yes and provided me a little cup of both the Regular BBQ and Hot BBQ Sauces.  I put a little of the Hot BBQ Sauce with the first bite....yum, it was pretty good, but not too Spicy.  I would rate the kick as Mild for both the Hot Links & the Hot BBQ Sauce.  I then tried it with the Regular BBQ Sauce...it was good too.  The Sauce is not too sweet....which is how I like it.Next up was the BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich.  I decided to put my Slaw in my Sandwich as a topping....and added some of the Hot BBQ Sauce to it.  Again, the Sandwich comes dry, so you have to add Sauce if you want that flavor.  I recommend adding the Sauce.....after the first bite I knew I was in heaven!  The Beef was moist and juicy and full of Smokey BBQ Flavor!  The Slaw & Sauce only added to the experience....I didn't want the Sandwich to end!I had a few of the Sweet Potato Fries, which were just ok....they were are little bland.Overall, it was a good meal....I preferred the Beef Brisket over the Hot Links.Will I return?  Hell yeah!  I want to try the Ribs next time and there are two interesting pseudo-BBQ Sandwiches that I want to try.
1	I love me some BBQ, so of course I was excited to try out Smokey Mountain BBQ.  I opted for the St Louis Ribs, the picture in the menu looked like a nice juicy rack of ribs.  Wrong.  They came out individually cut up and thrown in a basket.  There was no sauce on them, just some dry rub.  The worst part was, I could tell they were cooked earlier and reheated.  They were dry and tough to chew.  The corn on the cob was cold, and I don't mean lukewarm, I mean fresh out of the refrigerator cold.  My girlfriend ordered onion rings with her meal, which were room temperature.I asked to speak to the manager and told him how disappointed I was.  I told him that I was not going to eat the food, and that I was going to leave with out paying.  He didn't even care, or attempt to apologize or correct the situation.  His only response was "well it sat back in the kitchen for 10 minutes before your waitress brought it out".  I will never go back, and I suggest if your looking for a nice meal, you stay away also.
3	So i've eaten at Smokey 5 times now and it's been somewhat of a roller coaster.  Sadly, the place gets little biz so i wonder if it's got staying power.    After 3 lunches and 2 dinners it's very clear if you decide to try this place for the first time - GO FOR LUNCH.  The brisket is at it's best during the lunch hour, the pulled pork is a gamble, in fact, i suggest you avoid it all together .  The ribs - decent; I've yet to try the chicken.  Kinda pains me to see another bbq place struggle - for a city that still maintains a wild west mentality, bbq places come and go.
