5	Needed some chairs done in a hurry, so I tried to reupholster myself with quick failure. I reluctantly looked on Craigslist to see if I could find someone in Chandler that could assist me or get it done quickly. I found the Covers Plus ad and called Rex (owner). I explained my job and my need for a quick turn around. Rex was able to accommodate my requested, I dropped the eight chairs off at my lunch hour and they were ready for pickup by the end of the day. I was completely impressed with his work, speediness, and customer service. I would use his services again and high recommend him to anyone I know.
5	The headliner on my 83 280 ZX Datsun  T top was in bad shape. I had looked online for a custom headliner, but they were all kinda pricey and then i would have had to try to figure out how to install. Eventually someone suggested I look on Craigslist and I came across Coversplus based in Chandler.  Took it across and met up with Rex (very friendly and helpful guy). He took the measurements gave me a quote ordered the materials and set me up for the following week. Job was complete withing a day and with excellent  works-manship. Wish I had thought to check on-line at Craigslist earlier rather than  waste 12 months thinking about how I was going to do it myself.  To be honest I felt a little guilty cos he charged me much less than I was expecting.  An honest guy, with honest pricing and great workmanship.
5	We have a portable indoor steam room that we wanted to use outdoors so asked Rex to build a cover for it.  The steamer is oval and I removed the domed lid and brought it in to Rex along with a couple of drawings.  Rex figured a way to minimize the amount of material used and also installed a zipper, a top hatch, and clips to hold the zippered door open.  The cover fits perfectly, the price was very competitive, and Rex had the job done ahead of time.  We really could not be happier with the job they did!!
5	Our chairs in a Dental Office get some heavy use. Covers Plus did an excellent job matching the color and getting the job completed on time as promised. We would gladly recommend them for any job big or small.
