5	What is there to say? Nomade SO6 makes sausage centric lunches and they do it with brilliance :D They have a smoked-meat sausage with homemade chips. Cheddar-Bacon with sour cream and some taters which sells out FAST of course and the Pogo (or Corn-Dog) style sausage served with yellow beet chutney is MINDBLOWING. BEST POGO EVER. I hope they come by the park more often, it was amazing.
2	I went to the stall in the Atwater market to get some lunch.  We got a Cheddar Bacon sausage and a Peanut and Coriander sausage.Both we not only cold inside, but the cheddar bacon one was almost raw.   The taters were overdone.  We ended up bringing them home and cooking them ourselves and the flavor of the bacon cheddar one was pretty good, but the peanut coriander one was a real disappointment.  It was super dry and we threw out most of it. Sounds like we missed out on the pogo, but for the price (8$) for each sausage I won't be trying them out any time soon.
4	Had the Smoked meat sausage and it was great! You could see the pieces of smoked meat inside and the homemade pickles really served it well. Definitely a quality hot dog!I'm not giving a full five star only for the tiny fact that I think the pickle salsa should be drained of the juice a bit more as the bread quickly became soggy, Oh well. Still yummy
3	Location: Food truckThe place: Still a food truck.The goods: I generally don't eat meat but sometimes I get a hankering for it. Today was such a day and as luck would have it, these guys were parked right outside Lufa Farms so I got to try them out. I decided to go for the Montreal Smoked Meat, served on ciabatta (I think) and topped with homemade pickles. I quite liked this little doggy - you can definitely taste the smoked meat but the sausage isn't overly salty at all. The pickles were delicious and the bread was fresh. Personally, I thought the 'hot dog' was too big to eat with my hands so I grabbed a fork and knife and that was that. Service: Super friendly!Price point: A little expensive - one dog is $9. I get that these are 'gourmet' sausages but I think $5 would suffice. I mean, it's just a hot dog.
