4	Fast and Fresh Greek Fare in Phoenix.Me and my coworker stopped in to try the new location in Phoenix.   I ordered the Gyro Pita, which was filled with a tender and flavorful beef & lamb mixture with a good spice mixture that enhanced the meat without being overpowering, which is a common problem at greek places.  The pita was fresh and warm and filled with a good amount of meat, and not buried under a lot of lettuce and other "fillers." French fries were fresh, hot and crisp.  All the ingredients were very fresh tasting and lacked the "reheated" fare you get at other places. Although I would have preferred a bit more tzatziki sauce, it was still one of the best Gyros I have had around downtown Phoenix in a long time.My coworker, a vegetarian, had the falafel and found them very flavorful and light, and had similar comments about the fresh taste of his lunch.We will be adding this place to our normal lunch rotation.
5	Solid Greek food. Definitely better then a lot of the other Greek places around, probably the best I've had in central Phoenix (which isn't necessarily a complement). We live in the neighborhood so we were excited when this place opened up. They have obviously put some money into this place, taking down a couple of walls and completely remodeling the interior. Food was good. Good tzatziki sauce, good meat on the gyro, overall pretty good. Fry's were good, not spectacular, but good. We hope this place has a chance to stick around for a while in this difficult spot, the neighborhood will be thankful to have good Greek food nearby.
5	Great Greek food. The gyro platter was delicious, meat was tender and well seasoned, great salad and the lentil soup was tasty.  Definitely a new central phx favorite. Must try
4	I was surprised by this little place! Saw them pop up about a month or so ago. Nice to have another place open on Saturdays close to my neighborhood as most are closed weekends. Decor is clean and modern, customer service was good, and food was done quickly. I was happy to see they cooked and prepared everything while I waited so it was fresh. I orded a greek chicken platter with rice and salad as my sides. Chicken was flavorful and moist, rice was perfectly tender and spiced, salad was fresh and had the right amount of everything. I was happy their tziki sauce was light and creamy and the pita was fluffy. I will definitely be back.
4	Definitely a fan of both the food and location.  So happy to have a little Greek food in the heart of mid-town Phoenix.   It's conveniently located across the street from St. Joseph's hospital 1/4 mile from Central Ave.My husband and I started with the falafel appetizer.  In my opinion, they make the one of the best falafel's I've ever tasted!  Crispy and spicy!    I also ordered the cucumber salad - very refreshing (although I would ask for the sauce on the side next time).  We order Gyros for lunch - the meat was great and the serving is generous.   Oh, and I ordered the Greek fries served with lemon/garlic sauce -- yum, yum.  My only critique is that I prefer my Tziki a little more garlic and thicker than how they serve it at Mika's.It's set up more like a fast food joint, but everything is made fresh there on the premises and the inside is very nice, but small.   Give it a try if you are in Central Phoenix at an event at the Heard, or an exhibit at the Phoenix Art Museum.  And, lucky you if you work downtown :)
4	Solid selection if meats, salads, hummus, toppings, ect. The service was fast and really quite friendly. They accept credit cards, cash, and even square if you are into that movement. The original gyro and side salad is honestly more than enough food to feed one for dinner. They also have a wheat pita option but you might have to ask. The ambience is clean, quiet, and nice all around. Parking out front is a little hectic but I believe there is more around the back. Enjoy! I know I will be back when I return to Phoenix.
4	Me and the hubby got take out here for dinner. He got Mika ' s fries which were amazing and definitely worth 5.95! I got a falafel pita with side Greek salad. Both were yummy! Our total was just $15. Has a good atmosphere ans modern decor. We would totally go back again. Sad they don't have Greek lemon chicken soup though.
5	food is authentic! Didn't take long at all!! gyros + greek fries = heaven in my mouth  a little pricey but worth it!
4	Quick place to grab a quick bite to eat in Central Phoenix.   Nice staff and good food at a reasonable price.  I enjoyed the dolma platter with a greek salad and rice.  It was the perfect portion, flavorful and freshly made.
5	This place rocks. Fresh, yummy and perfect flavors. The chicken pita  is delicious with just the right amount of tzatziki. The fries are fried to perfection. I just got the lentil soup and it is a burst of flavor. Very surprising. The restaurant is clean and inviting. Prices are very affordable. I recommend this place.
4	I had the Greek salad pita it was fantastic.  I have to say that I was not a big fan of how large the cucumbers were sliced but that didn't take away from the flavor! The staff was very nice and the place is very clean!
