1	I went to Molnar's for a state inspection and an oil change.  I dropped off the car that day.  Later, a mechanic called me to tell my my check engine light was on.  He said it'll cost $99 to do a diagnostic to pull the codes to find out what's wrong (FYI, the actual code reader cost $20 online).  I gave the Ok.  He found two problems and it would have cost another $400 to fix it.  I asked him to just fix one of the two problems since I couldn't afford both.  He seemed a bit annoyed that I wasn't doing both repairs and kept repeating to me that it won't get rid of the engine light.  Three weeks later, on a Thursday, I came back to get the rest of the problems fix.  The same mechanic said the parts needed to be ordered from the dealership and it will be here Monday at the latest.  He said he'll call me when the parts come in.On the following Tuesday, I decided to call him since I haven't heard anything from him.  He told me he didn't put the order through because he forgot.  He told me he had a rough weekend.  Told me that he'll order it right away, and reminded me that it takes a few days like he "told me before."  This time around, he did call me and let me know the parts were in.  He also gave me an estimate that was $100 higher than the previous estimate.  He asked me to bring in my car on a day he's working.  I said that I needed the car by 5pm as I needed the car for work.  He said it was no problem and that I'll be the first car he'll work on when he comes in.  He said he'll put me down for an appointment.On the day we agreed, I went to drop off my car.  No one was there yet except for the owner(i think).  I told him I got an appointment to drop off my car for the mechanic to work on.  He looked through his book and didn't see my name and let out an annoyed sigh.  He took my info and I gave him my keys.  I told him I needed the car ASAP.  He replied, "Yeah, everyone does."  At which point, I pointed out that the mechanic said he'll do it ASAP for me.  He just ignored me.Later that day, I got the call from the mechanic, telling me he ran into a problem.  Stripped bolts were preventing him from removing the part.  Told me he'll have to break surrounding parts to remove it and those surrounding parts will need to be replace because of it.  He said it was too big of a job for him and I should take it to a dealership.  He then added that the dealership ....sent him the wrong parts anyways....I ended up getting the repair done at the dealership and got my state inspection.  Guess what?  There were no stripped bolts.  No surrounding parts needed to be broken.  I think I was lied to because he ordered the wrong parts and didn't want to be bothered with getting it right.In my opinion, Molnar's mechanic and owner are very unorganized.  Their communication skills need serious work, with the customers and between themselves.  I will admit, I had no issues with the oil change and the first repair they did.  But the hassle and the amount of time I spent trying to get repairs done through them wasn't worth the time.  I hate giving a business one-star, but they deserve it.
4	I've visited Molnar Service Center many times. My first visit was to have my VIN number verified for car registration, and Molnar's took care of me very quickly! I was in and out in under five minutes. My second visit was to get my car inspected. I dropped my car off in the morning and it was finished that afternoon. I wasn't going to be able to arrive by the time the shop closed, so they made arrangements so I could pick up my car after hours.My third visit was this week. I had a hissing noise that turned out to be a vacuum leak in the pump for my power breaks. The pump had to be replaced and the part needed to be ordered. It was estimated that my car would be finished by Friday afternoon. But they finished it by Thursday afternoon!I feel like I always get great service at Molnar's. They always explain the problem, and have always finished on schedule or ahead of schedule for me. My car will always go to Molnar's for service.
5	Really awesome service. I took my car in for a state inspection, and was pleasantly surprised at the service that I received. The owner, counter guy and the mechanic were all informative and helpful. The mechanic even suggested repairs to plan for in the year ahead. I will be back!
