4	Namaste Montreal - a tiny, unpretentious Indian restaurant and take-away joint - opened its doors two months ago in the McGill Ghetto, directly across the street from local favourite Amelios.Featuring only 3-4 tables, counter service, and a small menu, Namaste is nonetheless quickly taking on the proud sheen of a popular neighbourhood gem. On a snowy Wednesday evening around 8:30 PM, a steady stream of both eat-in and take-away customers moved through the small space - with plenty of curious passers-by taking a moment to read the menu in the window. This menu is complemented by tasty daily specials. At the time of our visit, Namaste was already sold out of several popular menu items - like lentil dishes and the lamb curry.We ordered a samosa, a large butter chicken combo, and a thali plate with chana masala curry and chicken curry. Both plates were served piping hot, with delicious naan, rice, and fresh (although limited) salad. You can choose your level of spice - "mild, medium, very spicy" - and dress up your meal with homemade chutney and pickle offerings. The food was quite flavourful and was excellent value, with the thali plate costing $8.99 and the butter chicken combo only $7.99. The service is very friendly and attentive, and the overall experience is like eating in someone's kitchen. That being said, given the small space and the serving of even eat-in meals in large styrofoam trays, Namaste is strong on a delicious take-out experience. It's a welcome addition to a neighbourhood that's been lacking in very good, inexpensive Indian food.
5	you gotta love this place! it's small, it doesn't look special or anything, but the food is phenomenal, pretty authentic (according to some of my indian friends i've gone with), and cheap. i went for lunch here a few weeks ago after a night of drinking, i was absolutely starving, and the butter chicken hit the spot like nothing else i could've gotten.the people here are friendly too! they always ask if you enjoyed your meal, and seem to really care.
2	The curry in this place is way too spicy, and too hot. The selection is quite small and rather expensive for the price you pay for. The butter chicken was not the red creamy curry I've had in other places, and I suspect that all the curry came fron the same yellow base, lacking the richness. If you just want some cheap indian takeout, come here, but don't expect any authenticity.
4	The food is amazing especially there naan and shahi paneer the place is very small though its probably good to take out your food rather than eating there.
4	Very bare, spare and to the bones decor with only 3 tables, which can seat 4 each, plastic cutlery, melamine thali plates, and the great piece de resistance,...... brown paper towels as napkins! You need to go up to the counter, order you choice of dish, wait, then pick it up at the said counter, all in the wonderful melamine plate  sitting on a brown ugly tray. Take  your plastic cutlery from the box near the cash, tear off a strip of brown paper from the roll next to the cutlery box, go to your table, and you're ready to eat. I ordered a masala chicken, not much chicken, but the naan was good and hot,  the rice was fine, but the salad was just  stewed chickpeas! I asked about that, and the gentleman behind the counter informed me that this is due to all the McGill lords and ladies not being used to Indian -style salad,  would leave it on their plates, so hence, no salad. Boo Hoo! They got tired of wasting all the uneaten food. He did inform that they will experiment with a salad more suited to the western palate, I do hope so , as I LOVE salad, any style! They are  only open at certain hours,and days,  so best to check BEFORE going, and make sure to arrive before the rush, as obviously, due to space, or lack of, it fills up FAST. If you're the take out type, this is better suited then; prices are reasonable for the downtown/plateau area and you're given a"points" card after your first order.  Collect a full card of "points" and get a freebie.
5	Great food, great price (student here). I've had almost everything on the menu and I enjoyed all of it. Wonderful staff! I usually get takeout but have also eaten in the restaurant. Unpretentious and friendly place. Have gone a lot and will go again. Cash only.
