5	Buy one get one sales... Men's sexiness happens here. Vests, slacks, dress shirt status. I'm in heaven
1	Tux rentals are pathetic. Go in 2 weeks before (at latest) for a fitting where you try on retail pieces. When picking up the tux 0-2 days prior, you get given a much lower quality with sleeves that are gathered at the seam to the shoulders yet the "only alterations ever made on rentals is length". Then how did the sleeves get that way since men's jackets never start with gathered seams? Why have to wait until it is too late to go elsewhere to buy or rent? At $235 I would expect more than an ill-fitting, dirty & needs pressing tux. There are places in town to buy a tux which would not be of much less quality than the rentals here. Will NOT be visiting any Men's Warehouse again.
4	Needed a last minute suit for an event and decided to try this Men's Warehouse.  The Manager, Jeffery Demoure, could not have been more helpful, he really went out of his way for me.  Was able to get a nice suit, tailored, in under 30 minutes.  I was very impressed.
1	I have been here twice, both times had an awful experience. I went somewhere else and purchased the same outfit for less than it cost at men's warehouse to buy. That wasn't really the issue, since I was willing to spend the money. The true issue was the lack of customer service.....least helpful salesmen ever....
1	This place clearly doesn't want business. I was looking for a tux for a black tie event, and I had some questions, not many.  I was asking about prices and a group discount that I'd been made aware of, but didn't really get a chance to ask about anything else.The woman on the phone (Judy) was clearly impatient and sounded annoyed by my couple of questions. That's fine. I'll never go to this Men's Wearhouse location now, for suits or a tux. The people at Jerry's were much friendlier and more accommodating on the phone. As for suits, I'd rather drive an extra 15 mins to the store at Boca Park.
5	Came in a hurry gentleman named Devon helped me get my shirt my tie in a quick awesome manner make sure they fit and help me out in great service great customer service and did it in the time frame that I needed
