4	Wonderful way to get around Maddy and for 10.00, you can ride as much as you like, just have to check in the bike now and then during the 24 hour period. We didn't drive the rental car once during our stay.
5	Visited from out of town for a conference, staying near the Capitol, but had events down near Union South and Memorial Union.  And wanted to explore campus and town a bit and run some more errands, so I needed to carry some supplies for the conference, as well as beer and cheese curds.  Rented bikes for 2 days and rode at least a dozen times.  Bikes were great!  Small inconvenience when one location (Charter) had zero open docking stations, but Union South nearby was sufficient.
4	I like this program, I wish they offered this in Los Angeles (although, I don't think it will ever work here). I like the concept; you can check out a bike and ride it around the city for free, for 30 minutes. You can technically ride a bike for a long period of time as long as you keep checking them in and out. I didn't bother to do so because I found it inconvenient. There are many locations to do so, but I opted to pay the fee. The bike I rode was in good condition and clean. It had gears and a basket to hold belongings. If you're riding in the dark, the bike comes with light. AND if you need a break, a lock is provided. I rode the bike around Lake Monona. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to take a ride around Madison. I would be hesitant to try this again because of the drop off, which is the one flaw I find with this program. I was ready to drop off my bike and rode up to one of their locations, but all the racks were full. This meant that I had to back track to another location to park my bike, which was a few blocks down (not ideal after riding for 2 hours around Lake Monona - 13 miles).
5	My husband and I were visiting from Chicago and loved the convenience of Madison's bike share program. The bikes were well maintained and stocked. Most are red but I had a special rainbow bike, making my experience extra special. Bring your helmet from home!
