4	Fantastic place to get breakfast at a goof price. I find there lunch and dinner menus are hit and miss though.
3	There breakfast is good as well as the lunch and dinner. I would like to see more of a selection on there menu . There deserts are  big!! It was average as far as price
1	We couldn't believe they smothered the fresh vegetables with a Prime Rib Dinner with this lame tomato sauce. It was a perfect way to ruin fresh carrots and beans. The wait staff was very good but the chef needs to forget odd saucing. Prime Rib was pasable, not outstanding. probably a good greasy spoon for bkfst & lunch but  not fine dining.
5	Ahhh benny's. Great breakfast. This place attracts a lot of elderly for good reason too.They have nice selection of breakfast, tasty and well priced. With Mel's gone, this is the last best breakfast place I know in Waterloo for North American breakfast.They used to have cool baseball breakfast names like home run and first base, but its a thing in the past. Luckily, nothing else changed! Oh! - And I learned you can park on the street!
2	There are way better resturants in the area. My tomatoes tasted like dirt. The waitress was weird. Meh.
3	We went here for lunch today and it was ok.  I had fish and chips and my hubby had the liver and onions.  Both of our meals were a special from 3pm to 5 pm which I really liked since most restaurants at that time of the day are between lunch specials and diinner specials.  The price of both meals was $9.95 each and came with soup or juice. My was one small piece of nicely battered cod and the fries were crispy and tender in the middle. The liver was slightly thin and over-cooked but the onion gravy was very good.  The liver and onion meal was served with rice and green beans. Our server was polite and efficient. The decor of the restaurant is slightly dated and seem they really do not have a specific identity.
3	Very unremarkable and average for the area. Had the fish n chips, decent for the price, but nothing special.
4	I go here quite often. Breakfast is the star of this place. It is essentially a diner with a retro theme. I am thinking the theme is by accident and just hasn't been updated since it was new.The service is good, the food is of good quality and the prices are fair. I have been for lunch and dinner as well and that isn't as noteworthy as breakfast. The kids menu is pretty decent. I took my nephews here on a Tuesday and I think they both ate big plates of spaghetti and meatballs for $4 total including drinks!
1	Horrible customer service! My family went for breakfast and we all got cold hashbrowns when complaining to our waitress she offered to reheat them, uh microwaved no thanks. Before we ordered I asked to substitute my fries for fruit which they said no, but the prices are the same on the menu. We got the bill and asked to speak with a manager about our cold food, she then proceeded to argue with us that our food was not cold, finally storming away. Are you kidding me. Cold food, terrible service, pick a different place.
2	I went to Benny's with my daughter for breakfast and we ordered a pretty standard breakfast: scrambled eggs, bacon, toast,home fries.-scrambles eggs had a bad texture and the bacon was kinda scraggly looking -my daughter liked the home fries but I prefer the option for potato style versus deep fried French fry style.-coffee was terrible, not unusual for a diner style breakfast placeHad I paid the $2.99 early bird special price I would shrug it off as you get what you pay for but this was full price $10 each breakfast so I expected real food. Felt like the food was made using synthetic ingredients like eggs in the microwave (I've seen it done this way with my own eyes) and pre-cooked microwave bacon. Actually I feel like my breakfast was made in the microwave.Service wasn't great. We were seated and the order was taken pretty quickly but after the food was delivered we never saw the waitress again. I don't personally think I'll go back to Benny's for breakfast and was disappointed I spent the money.
1	TERRIBLE!!! After being a long time fan before the fire, we including two children came back on Sunday Aug 17. Server was friendly and our orders were taken. 10-15 minutes later adult meals arrived. 10-15 minutes after that children's meals still haven't arrived. Other tables after us were served. Server said miscommunication and meal finally arrived. Spider webs around windows. Home fries are crap ( frozen ) coffee terrible. Ladies restroom had ficus in stall. The server came with bill with full price and no 'COMP' for the long wait. Next day spoke to manager and she complained that it was too busy and not enough staff. Would not compensate for terrible service. I had noticed tables were empty when there at 9 AM. She wouldn't stop talking and was very rude. Didn't believe about washrooms. Worst experience ever.
2	Our table received two cold breakfasts after a 45 minute wait and a hot order of chicken fingers. The chicken strips were tiny, the plate was 95% fries. Mediocre food but the waitress was great. She got one of the cold breakfasts taken off the bill for us as well.
