5	Well I had a hankering for something sweet so I dropped by here. It was my first TCBY experience since we do not have one where I am from but we do have something similar. The day was kind of rainy so there weren't too many people coming in. The place was clean and I tried a strawberry flavor as well as plain old vanilla and a mixed berry Greek yogurt, all of which were very good. The toppings were fresh and plentiful as well. There was only one worker at the counter but he was friendly and was ready and waiting to weigh it when I was. I thought everything was very good and the price is most certainly not bad for the amount I got. The only thing I thought was missing were cups to test flavors. Overall, very good.
4	The TCBY in Ballantyne Village has a very unique look, but is typically less busy compared to other nearby TCBY locations in Charlotte.  The selection is wonderful and the toppings are fresh; though price was a couple pennies higher than average.  Though the yogurt was a tad runny (which makes it heavier), I still enjoyed the flavors.  So yea, I am a fan; but shouldn't splurge on this often since costs can add up quickly, like with all the free-serve frozen yogurt places.
3	Definitely not the tcby of my youth...it's more like sweet frog and all the other self serve froyo places that are popping up everywhere. The guy in the shop was super awesome, and the highlight was the waffle cone.
2	I've had problems with this location. The machines sometimes do not dispense yogurt when you pull the bar down (I've had this happen twice and the guy at the counter had to come fix it!) the yogurt is also always really soft and melty compared to some of the other places I've been into. Not sure what the problem is but I'll pass next time. Tcby has ok yogurt. Not my fave by a longshot but also not at all bad. I much prefer what they sell in the grocery stores to the soft serve though.
5	This place is so much better than that place across the street that closes early! Glad TCBY is open to 11 not 8:55 like there competition.
