4	The Einstein in Henderson was a standard morning routine when we lived here. When we visit, now on the northwest side of town, Einstein remains a treat. Place puts Starbucks, etc. to SHAME.Schmeers are all very good. Salmon is briny and salty, and delicious. Coffee just right, lemonade and other drinks not too sweet, bagels perfect. Staff is efficient and friendly. Can't go wrong with Einstein. Thankfully expanding up to Reno this Fall.
4	I enjoy going to Einstien's for their fresh bagels and sandwiches, and I'm even happier since this location was built out here in Centennial Hills. The service is outstanding in speed and friendliness, and the food is always good, you can count on it. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because of the price of everything here which usually leaves me with a slight sour in my mouth at the end. I would suggest to anyone to go here at least once though!
3	There is no surprise here- it's a typical Einstein's Bagels....I like Einstein's bagels but it's so weird to me because I love Noah's Bagels in San Francisco and these 2 places are siblings. But Noah's is always better to me....Anyways, the Sesame seed Bagel with Lox (Smoked Salmon), plain cream cheese,capers,onions & tomato - So darn good!!!!!Chocolate chip bagel - Yum!!!!I do also enjoy when they carry the seasonal pumpkin bagel with veggie cream cheese spread.Broccoli Cheese soup - OK They have new desserts called Poppers which are bagel bites.Oreo Poppers : Bagel bites drenched in cream cheese frosting and then rolled in crushed oreos.Lemon Poppers : Bagel bites drenched in lemon frosting and rolled in yellow lemon sprinkles.They both sound good huh?? Well, sadly they are not!!!! The texture and the sweetness just don't mesh well. I won't be ordering this again but they have other baked goodies to eat anyways....
4	My review isn't really about the store, but towards the manager, Wendy. No matter when I go in there, she is always is such a great mood and makes you feel that you are the only person she has to help. Makes everything better...
5	I LOVE EINSTEINS...I do.. I can't deny it. Their breakfast panini's are wonderful and always hit the spot. they also have a wonderful Iced Chai that makes me very happy!They also have these under 400 Cal breakfast sandwichs that are small yet satisfying.. The only dislike I have with them at this point is that their prices have just increased a little bit. I know.. I know.. Inflation.. blah blah blah but seriously.. Why you gotta act like that Einstein!!! Luckily for them Im such a fan that I will still come..
4	If I'm in vegas, and its saturday, that means its family breakfast at Einsteins. I love this place. The variety, the pleasant staff, the tea that is always so nice and strong to keep me motivated.I'm a bagel guy, i love me unique flavors of bagel and spread. Same goes for my mom, dad on the other hand is a plain with plain... maybe jelly if you harass him enough.My all time favorite is the asaigo cheese with honey almond smear. Although mom got me hooked on her latest creation. Its the cinnamon crunch sliced and toasted with butter. Tastes just like the cinnamon toast my granny would make in the oven when i was a kid. Mom remembers it that way to, so somehow they are able to replicate it, Mom time to pick up your game!I haven't had any of the coffee, but my girlfriend Beth has. She said it was good and drank it all. The yogurt it ok, im not a fan of the bagel bites.
5	Cool place :)
2	Einstein Bagels has really gone down the drain.  My order seems to always get messed up.  The quality and service are terrible.  And they close at 4.  Really?
3	Great Idea, execution can be better. Bagels and cream cheese are very good, pretty much any combination. I go there for lox, but looks like smoked salmon was recalled so they do not carry it anymore. Staff is not very upbeat, my husband was trying to make a joke, the lady did not even smile but almost started arguing....Asking for any modifications is not a good idea - I've asked before to go easy with the cream-cheese  so they went light on everything.Had a pesto chicken lunch sandwich - very bland and I'm still hungry! (normally 6in subway sandwich is too much for me)
2	Great food but I'm tired of the unfriendly staff and less then good service. I wi t be coming here anymore. I guess I'll just find somewhere else to spend my money.
4	Came here to grab a quick bagel but had to wait their computers were down. The manager could've announced it to those who were in line.
4	Awesome food and awesome service.  Build one in my neighborhood.
5	When everyone at a restaurant knows your name that means they value your business and that is why my family and I eat at this einstein's weekly. Wendy does an amazing job with this store. Her staff is friendly and always happy to see you. Keep up the great work!
5	Nothing better than a bagel on the way to Mt. Charleston for a day of hiking!  The Dutch Apple bagel is outstanding. Wish I could have one every day.
1	You'd think that this location would be fast and efficient. Not the case. With two people in front of me it took over 15 minutes to get 2 bagel sandwiches.
5	Bagels, sandwiches & employees are awesome!Tried to get there for days but cannot seem to get my butt up early enough before work to go.So they made me up my own dozen everything bagels at 3 PM today!!! Soft, fresh and delicious!!Coffee is fab as well!!!As for any complains about how slow the line isOf course it is!!!So much to decide from!!!!I get in line and start wanting everything!(Sorry, guys!!)
