5	If Helena Rubenstein was alive today, she would have a cot in the back room of MAC Cosmetics.  MAC has raised cosmetics to an art.  The colors are intense and varied, the product range in the tiny store can keep a shopper busy for hours.... Sales staff are well trained in their line.  They have seasonal specials ranging from new limited edition colors to perfume.  Make an appointment for make up application which is free with the purchase of $50 in product.
5	I absolutely love this store. MAC has such an amazing line of cosmetics, so many colors, so many different types of makeup. This location is by far my favorite. The Scottsdale locations (Fashion Square) are a little too in your face and crowded, unlike this one. The staff here are very knowledgeable and so helpful. And I love how they keep your product on file - just incase you forget that beautiful shadow you used every last bit of.
5	This is my FAVORITE Mac location in the world. They always have everything I need in stock, and the staff members are always super friendly and willing to help out. I have shopped here probably ten or twelve times and have had the same, positive experience each time. I'm glad they moved to a bigger store... means more products available for me to buy :)My only dislike is that it is in the Biltmore Fashion Park, so parking can be a bitch, but if you are going there anyways its the perfect time to stop by and pick up some Mac!
4	Yelps: Here a good bit of info: If you do any kind of on air work, modeling etc, or are a spokesperson like myself- you can get a MAC pro card which gives you discounts. Ask about it!oh, plus the Armenian guy with the eyeliner at this location does AWESOME on Tv makeup. I just can't remember his name!
5	mac makeup is expensive but the pigmentation is soo freaking awesome! the pigmentation of their eye shadows..SUPER WORTH IT! the paint pots good for base! i love their sculpt and shape to contour your face powder, i wish it was part of their permanent line.  if you wanted to splurge on make up, this is really good and recommended, ate wasy $400 worth of my bank account lol. soo yup.  they give great customer service, friendly and helpful, and spent $50 or more you get your make up done.  plus they do back to mac where after a certain amount of containers for eyeshadow etc, you get free lipgloss etc. their blendability factor is great, and it glides on like silk.  man did i get addicted. .
4	I adore MAC in general but this store is the best. The girls are very helpful and you don't feel like they're talking shit about you behind your back the entire time you're shopping. Helpful without being pushy (very important). I have never had my makeup done here because I have a phobia with people touching my face.... however I might just have to try and break myself of that soon. The product itself is fantastic. I just bought some Mineral Powder Foundation that makes my 32 yr old skin "appear" to be 27ish, maybe even younger out of direct sunlight. (maybe even 22ish under blacklight... but we wont go there).  I'm docking one star because they don't have refill sponges for the applicator, so you're stuck washing them which I can't stand.  It's no botox but let me tell ya, when the time comes, I'll let the doctor touch my face all he wants for that shiz. I'll just pop a xanax and slam a glass of wine before my apointment. I mean this is the Biltmore Area right!!?
5	MAC FREAK RIGHT HERE!im in love with MAC i litereally own almost every shadow and lipgloss and almost everything! its one of my favorite brands out theree.
5	I am a huge MAC fan.  Their products are high quality and well priced.  I use their refillable pallets for my eyeshadows and you can only purchase the refills at their freestanding stores.  As far as I know, there are only two, one in Scottsdale Fashion Square, yuck, and one in Biltmore.  Biltmore is much closer and much nicer.  This is definitely the better of the two stores.  The girls in here are great.  They are all genuinely nice, they have nice made-up faces and not the tranny business that is going on at Scottsdale.  Best of all, they are helpful without being pushy.  When I came in and asked for some help picking some neutral contour colors, the girl stared at my eyes for a bit (a little creepy) but then instantly found some fantastic colors for me.  I love coming to this store, it's always a wonderful experience.
5	MAC is nirvana!  Customer service has always been good in this store, once you DO get waited on.  I preferred the store when it was located on the eastern side of the mall.  Seemed like a better location and not as crammed into a glass box like the present one.  When I go to the new one, it seems there's always a wait to get service, which is my number one pet peeve.  I love MAC products, but when I walk into a store I have cash in hand, I'm ready to buy and I want to be waited on and get out as expeditiously as possible.  I don't want to be sold to about the latest trend or fad, I pretty much know what I want or I ask about what I'm looking for and the sales people help me find what I need.  MAC sells a great product, but it is a hassle to get waited on from time to time.  And that's my ONLY peeve about this place.  In all other areas, they excel.
4	I am a makeup whore, and that's fine. I recently rediscovered the joys of MAC after being sucked into the way high-end makeup world for the past few years, and man, MAC is the shit. It's not expensive, it's good quality, the selection is incredible, they give samples, the fragrances are killer... I could go on and on. The only weird thing is that I think the sales staff is told to compliment every customer on something. It feels disingenuous. The last time I was in, I was "helped" by a totally disinterested girl whose own makeup looked so awesome, she could have sold me hundreds of dollars' worth if she had offered to replicate it on me. When she was ringing me up, she seemed to suddenly remember to toss out a random compliment, and afterwards she looked like she had just taken a fabulous dump, she was so pleased with herself.
5	I just went into the MAC store today because I lost my favorite lip gloss (maybe it fell underneath my car seat?) anyway the gal who greeted me was very helpful.  Luckily there was a card on me so my last purchase was recorded.  She was able to find the color of my lost lip gloss.  She also told me that a percentage of the sale of this particular gloss goes to help Aids.  Interesting. I bought two lip glosses. I'm happy the store isn't far from where I work in case I lose another lip gloss.
5	MAC and I have had a love affair for many years, until one day when I suddenly developed some sort of freak allergy to their eye shadows! *tear* Well, what can I say?... they may be "pricey" but the colors are the best around and they are so potent that you barely need any, so they last FOR-EV-ER! I have spent more money than I care to admit at MACs across the country and this one is my favorite. The girls (& guys) who work here are always really nice and really helpful. Got my New Years makeup done here and got complimented by everyone the whole night. Love it!!!
4	Great attention!!! I'm not into expensive make up or much of facial painting, but had to buy a gift for a MAC Fan. The variety of colors adjust more the pale skin than mine. Anyway you can get to try and open all those pots and lip gloss tubes! Enjoy!
5	Everytime Im in MAC.. I feel like becoming a trendy trendy like all the MAC girls.. you know like buying some Lady Gaga pop eyeshadow.. and hot pink gloss.. its that cool and fun in there! BUT I dont.. I stick with my muted pinks.. and sometimes grays.. today I went out and got new dramatic mascara.. the MAC girls know their stuff.. no pressure.. they inform.. they let you decide.. well.. I want drama when I go out.. and yes.. I got the pop Lady Gaga looking eyeshadow too.. living large.. uh huh..
1	everyone that works here is a retarded tranny trying to pass as Christina Aguilera circa Dirrrty.
2	MAC Counter at Nordys, Chandler Mall--In all honesty, I LOVE NORDYS! And I do LOVE MAC. But,.....................over the weekend, on sat. evening I decided to trade in some of my 20 plus back to macs. When I arrived at the counter, It was very busy as always :) They really need a stand lone, MAC store in this mall. So a girl walks up and asks if I need help. I say yes, I have some back to MACs that I would like to recycle and I would like to look at blush and lip gloss as well. I had a list of colors I wanted to try. She helped line up all the colors for me. I asked if I could try them on and she cleaned them for me and told me they were good to try now. I must say, I have NEVER had a MAC girl not offer to put it on for me, NEVER. Then as I was doing it myself, a "friend" of hers is across the way and she was asking them, are you in a hurry, blah blah blah, and I could see her facial expressions in the close by mirror. She was NOT your nomral MAC girl. She was horrible, very bad customer service. I love MAC products, I have tons of it. I never leave a MAC counter without something new, its too irresistible and I think for department store make up the prices are very reasonable. But yesterday, I did leave empty handed ad I didnt even trade in my recycles. So thumbs down to MAC this weekend. Too bad for them, I will not be back to the MAC counter for a long while. So in all honesty, I must say NORDYS overall is a 5 and MAC usually is too but NOT today! :( Very disappointed bc I was well prepared for what I was looking to recyycle and purchase. Thumbs down!
5	I love, love, love MAC Cosmetics! I have nothing but glowing reviews for the company and their products. As a MAC Pro member I can use my card at MAC only stores. MAC's located within department stores don't usually accept the MAC Pro card. The Biltmore location is great! I've been there a few times and it's a treat. The Fashion Square location is small, very busy and  finding an employee to help you can be difficult. All in all, I haven't had a negative experience with MAC Cosmetics and will be a repeat customer for life. P.S. My favorite location is the Beverly Hill, CA store located on Robertson Blvd. Perfectly dreamy!
5	I love this location, and I love this product.  I think the prices are reasonable considering the quality of product you are getting.  If you've only been to the Scottsdale Fashion Square location and hate it, give this one a try.  It's got a much better vibe and is a lot less packed.  Walked right in was helped, she grabbed what I needed and I was off.  It took all of 15 minutes even with picking out a totally new foundation then I used before.
3	I got my makeup done at MAC Cosmetics on my wedding day in April 2011.  I showed the girl a picture of what I was looking for, and she did my makeup to my satisfaction.  She suggested a powder to cover shine, especially since it was an abnormally warm day that day.  After receiving some snapshots back from friends and family, I realized my face was much lighter than the rest of my body.  It gradually got worse throughout the evening as I blotted my shiny spots with the powder that was clearly too light for my face.  I think part of the problem might be the giant windows throughout the store, as the daylight coming in might skew the color.  Either way, I feel I could have done my makeup better myself, and I wouldn't get my makeup done here again.
3	The service was A-OK. If they would have offered to do some fantastic makeup on me, I would have walked out with 4 times what I spent there. I only bought a lipstick. I just thought the service was average and not what the other reviewers are talking about. I did notice a few fake compliments flying here and there that another reviewer mentioned. It did feel disingenuous. Anyway, I like my lipstick and I was actually surprised with the price since I never buy MAC, it was quite inexpensive. I think I will try other locations next time.
1	I have been to this MAC store on three occasions because I love MAC products and it is close to my home.  Each time I'm there, the staff is unhelpful and unfriendly.  On my last two visits, I was told that they are out of the items I need.  At first I thought it was bad timing but after my third visit this evening with the same crappy treatment, including waiting several minutes to see if they have the item I need (again, they were "out" of not only the lipstick shade, but also the concealer and foundation), I have completely given up. Very disappointing; I will definitely not shop here again.
4	My favorite location.. It's small and it's friendly. Most MAC stores are usually busy for a reason.. most of us MAC users know the product and love the product and the staff. AND they are 'green' .. you can bring in your old 'pods' for a free lipstick! YAY for GLAM! I don't like the Scottsdale location as well, again for lack of customer care and time given. This is in and out... get your MAC and glam on pretty girls.. and guys if that is how you sway;-)
1	I have been a MAC customer for years. I know what I use and every once in while I try something new. I have been to this store in particular the most. EVERY SINGLE TIME that I am helped by anyone BUT Jessica (which I havent seen in a lonnnngggggg time so she may not be there any more...sad day)  they are rude and stuck up. For example, the last time I went,  I went in asked for what I needed to purchase and the person helping me (all I got was an employye id off my reciept) did not even look at me when she asked if that was all I needed. She kept looking around and was ubber rude. As she's ringing me up a couple girls that seem like that might have more money than I do walk in, well, the girl wanted to jump over the counter to help them, clearly MAC must work off commission and my poor $60 purchase was not enough for her to appreciate me as a customer.  Her friendlyness was amplified with them. In the end...I hung out looking a few other things and those girls just walked out with our purchasing anything. HA!!! suckaaaaaaaa!!!! You got nada. Sadly I LOVE the product but I am going to quickly look for replacements. I use a whole lot of MAC products, so I end up spending usually a lot more there and I would rather spend my money where they value me as a customer as much as a beach blonde super tan girl holding keys to a Mercedes. So if you have to purchse MAC.. try a different store or shop online... they frequently send out free shipping emails once you subscribe. For now... online will be the way to go for me.
5	I LOVE LOVE this location. This location is by far my favorite. Don't get me wrong I love Mac but I also know I'm not 20 years old any longer and while some looks may look fabulous on the younger generation may not look good on the 40 something ladies. This location is very in tune with their clientele. They are friendly and very helpful, when I need help with deciding on which bronzer to use the lady working there was very helpful and even helped me pick out a better foundation. Mac is not just for the 20th something crowd, they love us 40 something ladies too and treat us that way as well. I love this location.
5	I went in to MAC with a specific purpose: I wanted to get instruction and possibly some products for a professional, work or interview type of look. Now I am a drugstore makeup girl and have never gone in to one of these places to get my makeup done. Lately I've been attempting to get into highlighting/contouring and other makeup skills via Pinterest.I went in and Shannon helped me. She was awesome and very down to earth. She knew what I was going for and was helpful but the whole process was very quick, which I appreciated. I want to have a professional look daily but get incredibly lazy and bored when I groom myself for too long, so she showed me a great look that was easy and fast.  She was not pushy at all with selling products. I ended up spending much more than I ever have spent in my life on makeup, but from what Shannon told me and what I've heard these products last forever. I'm trying to look at it as an investment in myself. I bought foundation, concealer, bronzer, blush, and the the mineral finish. Now I may have to go back and get the lip gloss she used on me. I was thinking I already have a bunch of lip glosses and lipsticks, but this one seriously lasted all day even though my lips were all dry and gross. It was amazing. I don't know if I can afford to go back all the time but I would love to be able to. The other employees seemed very knowledgeable and friendly, but Shannon was fantastic and even waited for me when I stupidly left my wallet in the car. Hopefully my makeover will help me land a job so I can afford to shop at MAC all the time.
5	Treated myself to an eyeliner.  I was helped immediately by staff.  Everyone workiing in the store was super-cheerful and welcoming.  I am not a regular client by any means, but I do know MAC stuff is good.  A fun 10 minute shopping trip.
4	I had to take one star away because they didn't have what I needed/wanted (Turquatic perfume), but the guy there said they will have it after they revamp it and get their shipment for the 4th of July. It doesn't help me now, and I REALLY hope that doesn't mean that they are altering the scent (I have become pretty fond of it as part of my perfume arsenal).This is the only time this store has failed me. In general, they are FABULOUS and uber helpful.  I'll have to stop back in and see what they can do to give me some unbiased direction on switching up my makeup to something new for the summer.
5	The store is usually fairly busy and since there are plenty surrounding makeup counters I think that's a sign of great products and service. What I particularly like about this location is the guy who works here. I do not remember his name however I love his expertise and honesty. He has told me in the past to try a different shade of something and today he was telling a customer that he didn't like a particular foundation on her and was recommending something else. This type of honest and trustworthy customer service is what will keep us coming back.
1	My second venture to this store was yesterday afternoon.  My sister loves Rihanna and her cosmetic collection and since visiting late last year, I've become interested in Mac products, after being a Chanel fan for years.  What a mistake.  When I walked in yesterday, a gentleman with the worst teal colored contacts I've seen approached me, clearly disinterested.  I told him I was interested in Rebel but was unsure and wanted to try other colors.  I also mentioned I like my RiRi lipstick and wanted a matte lipstick.  He chose a few colors for me and grabbed a liner for me, seemingly annoyed.  He disappeared for a few minutes, came back, and handed me the three lipsticks and liner while noting "I sanitized all these for you." Umm, thanks, is that not your job?  I applied the colors alone and went back & forth a bit because I was undecided.  He checked on me once, sort of, then literally was gone.  I was considering purchasing, but due to the lack of customer service and not a soul to grab what I wanted, I walked out.
5	Love my MAC crew. Always so happy to see everyone when I walk in. This is my favorite location. (Well this one and the one I work at.) I typically go to Madison, Zach, or Robert. Request them! They're wonderful.
5	I had my makeup done for my wedding. I absolutely love it. I believe my MUA name was Yuli. :/ I called and made an appointment for their private room about 2 weeks in advance. That was simple easy and painless. Paying $50 bucks for uninterrupted service (plus a mascara) is totally worth it. My artist listened to what I wanted but I really just let her do what she wanted. My makeup looked great from 1pm to 1am when I went to bed! Thanks again!
1	I walked in just got looked at like I wasn't suppose to walk in.  I was looking at the lipsticks with every intention to buy but no one bothered to ask me if I needed any help after standing there for 3 minutes. I definitely could afford pretty much anything in this store but because of my skin color they probably thought otherwise because that's the vibe I got. Won't be back here again!
5	I'm a MAC girl for sure!!! Love the pigmentation in the shadows and they have the best makeup remover wipes ever!!!They have a Back to Mac program MaC wide.  That is a recycling program that will accept 6 full size MAC used/finished items-  finished lipstick, eye shadow pots, lip glosses.. And at this store you can get a free shadow or lipstick for the trade!!! So cool!I recommend Brian for makeup!  He's awesome but is there periodically. He's not a full time employee but wish he was!!!!Some other girls that work there didn't impress me like he did.  He is Very friendly and knows how to apply makeup on other people....Unlike some employees that work there!!!!  Thanks Brian!
4	I'm not a total makeup whore. But I like it a lot. So occasionally (or more) I will spread my pocket book enough to buy MAC. I switch back and forth between MAC Cosmetics and Mary Kay Cosmetics for base and skin care. One thing I do love is MACs Retro Matte Lipsticks. They are beyond amazing. I wear lipstick every day or almost every day. I wear different colors depending on my mood. But the Retro Matte are by far my favorite lipstick product from anywhere, ever. My favorite color is Flat Out Fabulous. Try it. It's gorgeous. Some of my other favorite products are the Studio Fix compact and the Studio Finish Concealer. The staff at this location is pretty cool. I have had times when I have walked in and couldn't get anyone to help me. But for the most part if I walk in knowing what I want, I get it quickly. It's times when I walk in undecided that I have issues with the staff. They have little patience for playing around with looks and colors. Unlike the Scottsdale Fashion Square location where they are always ready to play.
4	This place earned a few more stars because I gave them another shot and  it was actually a good experience. The gentleman that helped me was awesome! It was a busy Wednesday morning and there were only 2 employees. They kept their cool and he kept track of the order that people came in. He didn't rush thru anyone's needs and had excelled  customer service skills. I wish I would have taken his name because , you sir.. You alone have made this snobby, crappy customer service MAC store a better place. Well done.
5	Every time I go to this location they have everything I want in stock, aren't too pushy, and even if the store is packed they are happy to help!
5	Thanks so much to Corey for taking care of all my empty containers and setting me up with some new, fresh makeup.  Appreciated all your help and the great customer service you gave to me.
2	I love MAC but I don't see myself returning to this particular location. The staff weren't very friendly - they looked down on me from the moment I stepped into the store (I'm admittedly not wealthy so I guess they were worried I'd spread my poor person germs on their products). I'll just refresh my makeup collection elsewhere :)
