3	We've been bringing our dog here since he was a puppy which was about some 5.5 years ago. They've always been there when we had issues with the dog (i.e. when he went through my purse and ate my twix candy bar) and we have almost always been able to get in when we call that day. However, they are on the pricey side. We didn't realize just how much more they charged until we called around other vets for a second opinion consult. The only reason why they are just getting an a-ok, is that the dog has been having episodes and they diagnosed it to be arthritis, when we know its not that. They won't think outside the box and when your dog is your family, you need someone to think outside of the box.
4	I have been bringing my cats here for about 5 years.  One of my cats was diagnosed with diabetes so he has required a lot of care the last few years.  Sadly, had to put put my beloved Asia to sleep 2 Sundays ago.  Almost all of our  visits were with Dr. Kerry Davis although it was a different vet that was there this last time.  My husband said she was very empathic and caring.  I give Dr. Davis 5 stars for the way she cared for Asia the last 5 years.  I thought the prices were similiar to the last facility we used (pet care is expensive) but the hospital is immaculate and the staff is very professional.
5	My experience at VCA Hualapai -Animal Hospital has always been exceptional.My dogs have been seeing Dr. Stroebeck for 19 years. The time and intelligent attention is an exception in a city that feels at times, as if no one cares.Dr. Davis recently took care of my Yorkie and I felt the same level of intellect and concern that we have come to appreciate. My pets stay at the hospital when I am out of town and we have them groomed there on a regular basis. It feels reassuring to be able to leave my two dogs with them and to feel confident that they will be treated and valued in the same way that I treat them. My experience makes it impossible for me to leave them with anyone else.                     Kay Grant
5	Great place, nice people and doctors.
4	My dog is terrified of this place but that's expected since my dog is a big chicken. I love how the staff treats my dog. I especially love how Dr. Love (yes, that's her real name) takes care of best bud. She is so patient and gentle, and she understands that he is scared. She even explained to me that my dog, Churro, gets snippy at people because he's trying to protect me. I had always thought he didn't like strangers lol. I have had many dogs in the past, so I have been to many different vets. Dr. Love and the staff make it feel like a family veterinary practice. Churro has seen other doctors from the VCA but he now only goes to Dr. Love and I would highly recommend you guys to take your pets to here.
5	Pricier than our old vet back east but excellent staff and doctors!! They are patient and take all the time you need - even when you are a neurotic fur-mom. The groomers do an excellent job also and the front desk is always very friendly and efficient, even when the office is busy. I also board my dogs here and they happily go right to the vet techs without hesitation when they figure out where we are. I don't mind paying a little more when they are receiving such excellent care.
5	My family recently moved back to Las Vegas a few months ago. Our old vet was over on Flamingo, so we resumed service when we settled in. We had a nine year old boxer mix dog who was not doing well. Our old vet was more concerned with upgrading sevices and selling us future care while we were concerned about his current, failing health. He was our 90 pound baby, and not really been away from me more than a couple of days the past seven years. He ended up having cancer, but our vet on Flamingo never tested for it. He became suddenly ill one evening back in August. We were prepared for the worst. We made peace with his state. He'd lived a wonderful, loving, nine years. Enter VCA Hualapai. We took him the next morning. They did their best, but it was his time. Dr. Jenei eased his transition as well as comforting our family. The entire staff is remarkable: sincere, knowledgeable, caring, and more concerned with our furry, four-legged friends rather than our bank accounts. We have a new 14 week old puppy who goes to VCA Hualapai and our seven year old dog will be joining him as well. I would 100% recommend them to anyone for any pet needs. Everything about this place is top notch and worth the value.
2	This location has been my Vet for 8 years.  I currently have 2 Labs and 1 Parsons.  I sadly have a mixed review.The good:  All the Veterinarians are fantastic.  I have had Dr. Love and a Male Doc.  They are always good with my dogs and are very caring and respectable.  They are good for advice and always take proper care of my dogs.The bad:  The front office staff/receptionists can be spotty.  I have always looked past their shortness and believed it was because they were too busy but my recent contact was out of line.  I will not name names, or describe the individual but she had a problem with my "Merry Christmas" as I was walking out the door.  Now, I didn't mean anything negative by the remark, the conversation had been great up until that point, but after I said that, she seemed to feel completely disrespected and let me know it.  I believe that the motto "the customer is always right" should be the motto of any business.  I was not trying to force my opinion or my view on her at all.  I was simply wishing the staff a Merry Christmas, 2 days before the holiday.  None of the other staff seemed to be upset and they were visibly quite unsettled with their coworkers remarks.I am torn.  I walked out pretty upset because I love my Christmas.  There are multiple other Vet locations to chose from in the area but I hate to leave just because of some silly remarks made by a receptionist.I am supposed to go back on Monday for a follow up with my Yellow Lab.  We will see what happens.
1	We took our second Animal Foundation adoptee (a 3 month old black lab) here to take advantage of the initial immunizations/check up thing... NEVER going back. We had adopted him with the knowledge that he had been vomiting, however, the Animal Foundation had also told us that his previous owner had been feeding him yogurt and milk... So they associated it with that... Big mistake. We took him to VCA a few days later and he had been throwing up 10-20 times a day. Yes, you read that correctly. 10-20 times each day. Obviously I brought this to the doctor's attention (she's lucky I can't remember her name...) and she ran some preliminary "tests", gave him his immunizations, said "he seems healthy to me", and sent me on my way... And yeah, even though it was supposed to be covered per the Animal Foundation, I had to pay for his shots. He then threw up once more in my car on the way home. A week later with no relenting from this horrible vomiting dilemma he was forced to endure, I took him to a vet that I had used before and had good experiences at for a second opinion. The doctor there could sense there was something wrong when she felt around his neck. She took him to have X-rays and within 20 minutes she told me he had a rare but not unheard of condition commonly referred to as "megaesophagus" in which peristalsis fails to occur properly and the esophagus is enlarged. Look it up if you want more info. It's not pretty. My options for him at this point became:1) Euthanize him. End his suffering at 12 weeks old. 2) Do nothing. Let him live out the rest of his life which could end in as little as 2 weeks due to malnutrition. 3) Get him surgical help that will fix the issue leaving him with somewhat minor side effects such as a shorter lifespan (8-10 years), indefinite problems associated to swallowing, slowed mental development, and a menagerie of others, with a price tag ranging $2000-$5000. To recap, the vet at VCA couldn't even hypothesize what was causing him to vomit so frequently but instead claimed that he appeared to be perfectly healthy. In my venture to have a second opinion, I had more adult words pertaining to my concern thrown at me in 30 seconds than my entire time at VCA. VCA is a veterinary partner to the Animal Foundation. If the Animal Foundation isn't willing to investigate an issue prior to his adoption, why would this veterinary practice? And to be clear, the Animal Foundation is a kill shelter. Sure, they rescue animals and have adoption hours every day, but if you were to request that they investigate an issue (mental, physical, health, or otherwise) prior to your adoption of an animal, they may be more likely to put that animal down or just hold out for some other innocent guy who's looking for love in a little furry body who's hoping he'll find him too. This veterinary practice is just that... PRACTICE. In my reasonably personal opinion, having spent money here, I feel that these individuals are unskilled, untrained, and unprofessional. Sure, they're NICE and all have SMILES.... But they desperately lack a capacity to perform the basic tasks at hand: identify issues and suggest remedies. Had I listened to their diagnosis of "he seems to be in perfect health to me!"... I'd have a dead dog buried in my yard... NOT what I signed up for.
5	I adopted a cat through the Animal Foundation, and as soon as I got her home, she started showing symptoms of an upper respiratory infection. It was pretty bad, by the next day, so I decided to take her to the vet. When you adopt through the Animal Foundation, the adoption includes a free wellness exam at VCA Animal Hospitals, and if something is wrong, they will cover up to $500 in Vet fees. Upon seeing Dr. Strobeck, he suggested we hospitalize our sick kitty and use up the free $500 in vet fees and then go from there. $500 covered about 5 days worth of hospitalization, so upon it running out, we took kitty home. She was MUCH better by her release and was almost back to normal by the next day. A few days later, and she wasn't sick anymore and back to her crazy, bouncy self. They took tremendous care of our kitty during her stay there. Dr. Strobeck called up every morning with updates and kept us very in the loop. I will definitely use their services from now on. I was completely satisfied with everyone who worked there, and what they did for my sick kitty.Thanks to everyone at VCA Hualapai Animal Hospital!
5	I cannot say enough about this veterinary hospital.  We have entrusted the care of our two labradors and two cats to Dr Steven Strobeck and his associates for twelve years with complete confidence.  We have always received sound advice and caring for a wide range of issues.  I would recommend this hospital without reservation.p.s. The groomers do a great job too!
5	Dr. Strobeck is the best!  We have been going to him for the past 6 months.  First, I took a dog I adopted from Animal Foundation, and now we are talking our new puppy.  He has been wonderful about giving thoughtful advice.  He also just called me to check up on my dog after being neutered yesterday.  The front office staff is also very friendly.  My puppy is a little skittish, so they always make a fuss over him to try to make him feel better.  One of the front office staff even gave my kids coloring pages when I unexpectedly had to bring them with me.
5	My husband and I adopted two dogs from The Animal Foundation.  My female dog already had kennel cough when we got her but didn't know until a week later. She was going down hill fast.  She ended up with pneumonia.  Dr. Saponas and the staff at VCA took such good care of her and am glad to say 3 years later, she's a healthy little dog.We take both of our dogs for grooming once a month to VCA and to get their shots when needed.  We love VCA and the entire staff. We feel they truly care about our dogs (who are our children).  Trenna R.
5	I've taken both my dogs to VCA Hualapai - since they were puppies. They are now 3 years old. We've always has great service from the entire staff.  We love Dr. Saponas and Dr. Love. They get great care with their visits and vaccines.  Also, they give our groomer Francie kisses.  I highly recommend VCA Hualapai to anyone. They'll take good care of your babies.
5	We had just moved to Vegas from Florida - our 14 year old Shiba Inu Yoshi who had degenerative joints in his knees and hip, 85% blindness, but the dementia was the most alarming symptom of his aging process, this was all a rapid development with our cross country move. Yoshi had not urinated in a day and a half, I was in a panic to find a vet here - VCA had the best of reviews (yelp) contacted them on a Sunday - they took me that day with a first time visit free exam.Our VCA Veterinarian Dr. Jenei [http://www.vcahospitals.com/hualapai/our-team/veterinarians/beatrix-jenei/35470]  did a thorough exam including sonogram for Yoshi's bladder - gave me several options on treatment. Within 8 hours he was fine and going to the bathroom back on a regular basis. As Yoshi's dementia progressed Dr. Jenei was continually working in regard to every detail on keeping him comfortable with quality of life.Last month we put Yoshi to rest and with thankful hearts we express our gratitude to Dr. Jenei and the entire staff for their professional, courteous and respectful demeanor with Yoshi.This hospital is not just impeccably clean, but warm and inviting - offers a range of dietary foods and medications with competitive pricing (1800petmeds / petfooddirect) The pricing on each visit was astoundingly reasonable - I would estimate less than 20% to 25% what my prior vet cost.They take Care Credit - with optional payment plans.The web is interactive and you can set up a pet portal- offers a free first exam for new clients.  http://www.vcahospitals.com/hualapai
5	Excellent office setup with friendy, caring staff make you feel right at home.Great Techs & Veterinarian staff and grooming available at this location.Highly recommend Dr. Jenei. She has been incredible and so patient with all my questions and with my cat Storm.
5	Dr. Jenei is a wonderful vetinarian. She has been servicing my dog for sometime and explains things thoroughly and in simple terms for anyone to understand. Kudos to her!
5	I found VCA thru the Animal Foundation, when I adopted my kitten. From returning my call to schedule kitten's 1st official vet visit to actually scheduling the appointment to everyone we came into contact with at the office, I was highly impressed. I've never been to a vet's office or owned my very own pet (let alone one so young) & there were plenty of opportunities to be nervous but I was instantly at ease. Naturally, I had a few medical, dietary & behavioral questions but, again, I was put at ease- I was talked WITH not TO. Hopefully kitten won't be making regular appearances there but at least I know it's a great environment for any future visits. Kitten would like to give her official endorsement, too, with a paw & nudge of my tablet & a solid meow.
5	We have been coming to this hospital for years.  All the doctors are friendly and careful.  The boarding services and grooming have been awesome.  We are very happy with our pets' services.Once we found a lost pit bull, brought him in for a checked up. The dog had several issues including malnutrition, ear infection etc.  Dr. Strokeback even provided free services to help restore its health within a week.  The owner was finally located.  However, Leid animal shelter was suppose to kept the dog alive for at least 24 hours.  This animal foundation picked up the dog from dr's office at 7pm.  Unfortunately, the animal foundation killed the dog as soon as they receive the dog the same night.  The owner showed up at 9am the next morning and informed us that he has been killed by the shelter even with a clean bill of health.  We will always remember that sweet dog and thanks to Dr. Strokeback and his team to help out that animal.
5	Amazing pet hospital and boarding facility.  When we moved to Las Vegas we were stuck living in a one room Motel for over a month.  We boarded our two Chihuahua's and our Cat at VCA Hualapai. They took excellent care of my babies. Dr. Love is an amazing vet.  We have since adopted another Chihuahua and Dr. Love makes sure she is up to date on everything and gives me lots of reading material so I can decide what I want and what I don't.  I do however have to agree with one of the previous posters...the front staff are not very friendly, but the Vets and Vet Tech's are top notch!  This will be our Vet forever!
5	I love this VCA location, we have 3 dogs and 2 cats (talk about full house) and the staff here has always been amazing.  We've had a few minor incidents (hives, spider bites, rash)  and Ive always gotten in the day of, sometimes within the hour! The staff is always very helpful as well, we have 2 pit bulls and a lab, if Im coming in alone they're helpful with holding one while we get another's weight and are patient as it takes them a few minutes to calm down enough to actually get the weight! We've seen Dr. Love and Saponas (not sure of spelling) mostly and they are absolutely great... Very attentive and answer al my questions.  The girls in the front are also super sweet, they always remember us and our pets.
