2	I had the pleasure of being invited to attend a friends and family event for the Mad Rollin' Dolls this past Saturday.  I didn't know much about roller derby, so I was excited to attend and learn more about the sport.A quick diversion, if I may?  Holy. Cats. Roller Derby athletes are the real deal.  To see a pack of people skating in unison around a small track, bunched together in a tight group is incredibly impressive.  I don't think I'd make it a single lap... Add to this a myriad of strategy, speed, complex maneuvers, and some significant hits/blocks/impacts, and you've got a very serious sport.  It takes core strength, coordination, brains, brawn, and guts.  I have massive respect for anyone who participates in this sport!Anywho, back to the rink itself.What a disaster.  It's completely rundown and neglected - from the parking lot to the lounge areas to the rink to the roof to the lighting - it's all in dire shape.The parking lot is riddled with potholes and missing sections of asphalt.  The rink reaks of old sweat and body odor.  The carpet is in shambles.  The rink itself is missing chunks from the surface - I could see sections of OSB (oriented strand board) exposed all over the place... I saw one large "gash" in the rink that had to be 16-18" long.The drop-tile roofing shows signs of water damage, mold, and other issues.  The lighting fixtures are largely broken; there are globes hanging around the rink, and most are damaged in some fashion or another.I feel bad for anyone who has to skate here... I can't believe they let this place get rundown to as bad as it appears to be.  It couldn't take much to fix the ceilings, the flooring, and to Febreeze the place... On a positive note, the bathrooms were clean.  :-)I'll be back to watch additional Roller Derby activities, but I'm not sure I'd attend for an open skate or anything on my own.
2	The entire property is run down, kinda creepy and pretty yucky.  I had rented some inline skates thad had moldy inserts.  I think they may be the only roller rink in Madison so you don't have too  many options.Obviously this place is popular with kids and they don't seem to notice all the blight so we would just grin and bear it.
1	I have to downgrade my previous 2-star review...This place is an embarrassment to Madison. I dare you to get into their parking lot via car and not suffer any damage along the way. There are quite literally CRATER-SIZED potholes all along the narrow driveway into the parking lot. Not divots. Not traditional potholes. Not small valleys. I'm talking CRATERS - like swallow your entire wheel craters.If you manage to make it through the driveway and inside to the rink, you'll see the place is still in shambles. Moldy walls, water-stained and missing ceiling tiles, broken lighting, huge divots missing from the skate floor, dirty carpet, and an odor that is unforgettable.Wow. What a craptastic roller rink. Parents send their kids here?
5	I took my kids here and we had a great time!! Love the little rooms for birthday parties. So cute!
1	I went to Fast Forward today for a private party for 300 Girl Scouts.  The rink floor was in bad shape with patches and bumps that could launch you airborne.  Because my daughter is allergic to dairy she could not eat the pizza that was brought in by Pizza Hut.  Although there were hot foods (such as French fries) in the heated case at the concession stand, I was not allowed to buy anything because it was a private party.  Really people?  The person who told me this was the DJ working double duty behind the counter, and said, "Hey, I would let you but management doesn't want any food sold during private parties.". Hey, that's some great customer service you have there!  The parking lot is a crumbling mess with a narrow ramp that accommodates only one car.  It is a shame that a city the size of Madison has only one roller rink.  It is more of a shame that Fast Forward is woefully lacking in so many ways.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.
4	Yes, the parking lot has tons of potholes and you feel like you might get mugged.  Yes, it is quite dirty with dust, old Twix wrappers and empty Gatorade bottles in the corners....and yes of course it is stuck in a time warp.  Oh, and there is one somewhat creepy but nice 50 year old man skating "to the beat of his own drum" and kids who cut you off and end up hitting the wall.  However, this place is freaking FANTASTIC-everyone is in a good mood, there is great skating music (just to clarify, I didn't say great music, I said great skating music), the snacks are just like I remember, they have glow sticks and other glowing objects (i.e. glowing grills and pacifiers)....and if you're there to have a good time and skate your pants off, you're gonna love this place.  Apparently there are new owners and things are on the up and up.  I would go back when I have the chance and I suggest you do too!
3	Violet L's friend hosted a retro-themed birthday party here on 5/3/14; we stopped-in for an hour or so. + New owners appear to be putting some effort into the building+ Ceiling tiles are gone, and replaced with corrugated metal+ Lighting fixtures repaired+ The dank, sweaty smell is gone+ Staff was very friendly, helpful, and good natured+ Music was superb- Skate floor is still quite uneven; saw several people fall in spots where there were issues with the flooring- Parking lot is still very DMZ-likeI'm hoping they keep making improvements, and wish them well.
2	My daughters had a "sisters night out" and showed up for Hip Hop Night 7/18/14. They were told (after they had been there for 2 hours) that glow in the dark skating was going to begin and they could not skate without purchasing something that glows (such as a necklace).  This should have been listed on their website!!!  What a scam, 2 hours of skating for $18.00 for 2 people. Guess they won't be back there again. What a joke!!!
