5	I screwed up on my husband's birthday so I thought the Brewpub Experience would be one way to make it up to him. We had an amazing time going to different brewpubs and learning about the history of Montreal at the same time. I'm not a big beer drinker, but our tour guide, Phil, really helped us learn how to enjoy different types of beers. The snacks that were provided were also really good. Overall, it was an amazing experience and toward the end of the tour everyone was in a really good mood. The next day, my husband and I actually went back to one of the brewpubs.
5	I was up in Montreal for vacation with the girlfriend and we were looking for something to do for a few hours prior to the Piknic Electronik and we found this market tour online. We definitely got there a few minutes late for the Jean-Talon market tour, but that wasn't an issue at all. Our tour guide Jereme was awesome! His knowledge of the market and the foods and spirits sold there was fascinating. We ended up being part of a much larger group of students, but he did an excellent job of being attentive to everyone's questions and really taking the time to get some one on one time with everyone.
5	I am a college professor, and my colleague and I travel with groups of students.  In Montreal I arranged two tours with Local Montreal Tours - Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal) and the Food Tour.  The arrangements of the tours via email went very smoothly - Ismael was very responsive and helpful.  The Vieux Montreal tour was with Annie, who has a Masters degree in History - it was chilly and our group was large, but we loved Annie - she was charming and funny and knew so much about the area's history and architecture.  She worked with us and was very gracious and flexible when we wanted to rearrange the tour to have a different end point.  Jeremie was our food guide tour - we spent 2 1/2 glorious hours at the Jean Talon Market, eating and drinking our way through the market.  Along the way, after a breakfast of crepes and while sampling artisan sausages and cheeses, we learned much about the culture and history of Montreal - the contributions of the Jewish community, while we munched breads - Little Italy and expresso! A grand time - on my next visit to Montreal, whether it's with students or my husband, I will certainly do another tour with Local Montreal.  I'm thinking the Brewpub tour next time, although J would enjoy the neighborhood tours as well as the food tour.  So much fun, and very high quality tour guides and information.  Fascinating and fun.  Can't wait to do it again (and I love Montreal!!!)
5	This was great. Our trip coordinator was knowledgeable, professional, and all around a good guy. i would totally recommend this.
4	The brewpub tour was definitely one of the highlights of a recent visit to Montreal - perhaps the only regret being that we didn't plan this for the top of our trip. Being the last day of a four-day whirlwind, it would have been better planned at the top, considering all of the great insight and recommendations made by the guide - who happened to be one of the company's co-owners.That said, the tour definitely highlighted parts of the city we had not travailed to that point - and the breweries themselves were all top-notch.
5	There are many ways to discover a city, but Local Montreal definitely crafted an enjoyable formula. A blend of culture and liquid love, also called beer. I'm Belgian, and as such, half of my blood is made of beer. Good news! The brews from MTL harmoniously underlined the subject covered during the tour, and meeting & sharing points of views with other visitors proved interesting and insightful! The guide was knowledgeable about his city and the beers we were tasting, although having a master brewer coming once in a while at our table explaining the passion involved in one of his draft would be appreciated. Nevertheless, I discovered new blends i never dreamt of trying, and got an insider point of view on a city that has much more to offer that what appears at first sight. I would definitely recommend this tour to any friend, couple of bunch of buddies that want to sink in this metropolis.Thanks again Phil, Fred and Ismael!
5	Food tour was great! Jeremy (our guide) was very informative and entertaining. It was cold so dress warmly! I also expected bite sized tastings from each place, but at the end of the tour, I was rather satisfied. I recommend you doing this tour if  you're not from the area and want to get to know it a little better while eating from local spots.
5	I wanted to do a tour while in Montreal.  After debating between the brewpub tour or the Mile End food tour, we settled for the food tour in the Mile End.  Jeremy (Jay) was a great tour guide.  He was very funny, but he definitely knew his stuff.  He showed us all sorts of interesting things about the area and how it has changed in the past 20 years, which was a great history lesson in urban planning!We went to 7 stops, with 6 of them having food.  We were stuffed at the end, and we hadn't eaten breakfast that morning.  The food was plentiful, and we even got to try some beer at one of the stops.  The restaurants chosen were delicious and accommodating for the group.Since we were staying the Latin Quarter/Gay Village area, this was not a part of Montreal we would have most likely seen, other than maybe driving by for a bagel at St-Viateur Bagel (and btw those were PHENOMENAL, and my favorite stop on the tour).  It was nice to see a new and up-and-coming part of Montreal.  I definitely recommend this tour.  The price was very reasonable, and it was a lot of fun!
4	We had a great time on our walking tour in May 2014.  It was a beautiful day and the food was all delicious!  Our guide was very knowledgeable about the area and many other things and gave us wonderful insight on the culture and history of the neighborhood as well as each place we stopped in to eat at.  The Mile-End area is so cute and close-knit.  Everyone is in good spirits there and you really feel a sense of community.  This is well worth every penny and every minute.
4	Good food tour and the tour leader was very flexible when one of the businesses was not open. The Craft Brewing tour however, was disappointing.  We paid $75 each for less than 2 pints of beer with stops at 3 sites, plus a thrown- in library discussion on the history of the area.  I would not recommend this.
5	Danny was enlightening, organized, fun and just plain good at it. He knew and obviously loves both Montreal and beer. We saw and learned about places in town that were new to us and his knowledge about so much history and local interest was impressive. The beer was really good too.
5	A friend and I went on this tour while vacationing in Montreal last week.  It was fantastic.  Our tour guide Marc was smart, funny, and nice.  It poured down raining for about 2 of the 3 hour tour, and he took it in stride and made everyone laugh, though we were all drenched.  He also peppered his city facts with pictures on an iPad, which was nice.  The food was great and all of the shop owners were so warm and welcoming to us.  I would recommend this tour to everyone who visits Montreal.
5	Great food tour! The tour lasted for three hours and I believe we stopped at 6 spots. Surprisingly, my favorite stop was at La Panthere Verte - a small vegan restaurant. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but their Falafel sandwiches are hard to top - one of the best I've ever had. KemCoba - an ice-cream place with exotic and seasonal flavors - was also great.I loved that the tour was in the Mile End - a bohemian neighborhood I otherwise probably wouldn't have ventured off to.
5	We were actually staying in the Mile End neighborhood (airbnb rental) so this tour was very convenient and so much fun. We aren't big touristy "tour group" types, but decided this would be delish and worthwhile. Leah was our tour guide and she was fantastic, very charming and knowledgeable about each spot and history of the area as well. The butcher stop for charcuterie and beer was certainly a highlight, as was Kem CoBa for uniquely flavored soft serve ice cream! This tour is a wonderful way to spend an afternoon for locals or visitors!
5	I think the other reviews hit it on the mark.This was a very intriguing and engaging tour. Our party of 14 did not know what to really expect but as we continued to walk and tour the neighborhoods, it just kept getting better and better. The variety of foods were all delicious and the stories behind each spot was great to hear. I love the fact that this tour was just not about the food. Culture and history were nicely blended in with everything.Our guide, Marc Andre was very pleasant and very knowledgable. He tailored the tour to us, which was great! It is safe to say that this went above my expectations.
5	The Brewpub Experience was excellent!  Our guide, Phil, was interesting, engaging, and very helpful.  All three of the pubs visited were fantastic!  If you love microbrews this is a must when visiting Montreal.
5	My husband and I LOVED our food tour of the Mile End neighborhood. We tried lots and lots of eclectic food, learned a lot about the neighborhood, and really enjoyed our tour guide Marc Andre. This was a great way to be introduced to the city as brand new visitors- we couldn't recommend this tour enough to others. Certainly a great value for the price.
