5	I used to have a nail place back in OR but i moved a 1000 miles away and needed one asap!!!  Finding Beverly Nails was a god send!! Love that they speak english and have great prices for pedicures!!! $20 for a pedi is awesome!! they even combined a mani pedi combo and add flowers/designs free!!! I am a loyal customer to them!! I have gotten a full set as well and they did a fab job!! :)I recommend them to everyone that asks where I go cuz they need a good place!! Yep Beverly Nails baby!!
5	Very clean & highly recommended nail salon. Theyre all pretty friendly!! My nails always looks fabulous when I leave their salon!!! Go check them out!!! Tweety is so sweet, always smiling!!!
3	Susan did a great job on my acrylic nails but I had to wait over an hr to get her even though I had an appt. Even with that I still think I'll go back because she did such a good job.
1	So I made an appt to go back to have Susan do my nails. I went in for my appt and I'm told that she isn't there that day. It really pisses me off when businesses/people are not considerate of other people's time. I will never go back.
1	I came in and asked for a mani pedi, the guy tells me to pick my color and sit in a pedi chair to soak...30 minutes later there are still 3 people ahead of me. I asked the guy how much longer and he estimated another 30 minutes. REALLY???!!! OMG thanks for letting me know and wasting my time. I had to get up and leave, by then it was 6:30 and too late to go anywhere else. So pissed
1	Horrible place! They were so rude when they had me and a few other women sitting in their massage chair for two hours waiting for a pedicure. Not only that,they had a young girl take my old nails off,even though I suggested letting them soak she continued to rip them off. The pain on my face was visible,yet she continued.. Then she cut the tip of my finger off,so then I couldn't get acrylics because the pain was excruciating,she still tried to put acrylics on after that!! I still had to pay! Worst nail salon experience ever!!
1	The WORST nail salon i've been too. Staff is UNFRIENDLY. Service is soo BAD!! First time i went my tech was Susan, i think she was the owner too. She didn't even pay attention to what she was doing! Kept looking around at other customers! I was getting a fill and they were HORRIBLE. There were air bubbles! The polish was uneven and i told her about it but she didn't fix it. I came back 2 months later coz my coworker said i probably got there on a bad time. That was 2 days ago. I got a full set with powder. Now they're already looking like they are about to come off. Also got my eyebrows done and she took off too much when i specifically told her to just clean it up!! HATE this place so much! NEVER COMING BACK AGAIN!! CUSTOMERS BEWARE!! If i could give this place no stars i would have!!
1	I've been going here for awhile now and I usually get ok service, not spectacular but just ok. My latest visit was the deciding factor of me NEVER going back again! I went in for an eyebrow wax and was told to have a seat because it would e about 5 minutes so I did. 20 minutes go by and I'm still sitting there then a lady walks in and they seem to know who she was and she proceeds to tell them she is there for an eyebrow wax and the lady says oh no problem come on back....I was beyond furious! They totally overlooked he fact that I was there for an eyebrow wax! Bad service is unacceptable!!!
1	Stay away from this place! I called days in advance to get a set appointment for my nails. When I arrived they told me it will be a few minutes. I sat in the waiting chair patiently. 15 minutes , 20 minutes...now 30 minutes has come and gone. I think they actually forgot about me. I will never go back there. Hope this is a helpful warning to everyone!
1	Let me start here.. i am an avid reader of Yelp and have not every written a review because I feel others may be better qualified. Having said that.. this review could not be left unwritten. I am livid.. haha.. in a ridiculous, never-gonna-go-back, kind of way. First: My appointment for lashes, was made yesterday for today, at 5pm. I showed up a few minutes early and checked in with the girl at the front. I sat down and waited 10 minutes.. and then asked again, if the girl doing my lashes was even there. The girl at the desk, said "yes" and that I would be next.  So I continued to wait. Just then, the lady sitting next to me said she had called at 4pm the same day, (1 hour prior to my arrival,) and she was told she would be next in line. Shortly after, the aesthetician came over and told me she could not do my lashes, because she claims i had no appointment.. and that she had someone coming in at 530, so she didn't have time. Keeping in mind, it's now about 515.The aesthetician then finished with her current client, took the lady waiting next to me,  and skipped me altogether. When I saw that the lady was only getting a quick service.. I waited, figuring I would be next. I The lady left, I got up, the aesthetician said NO.. because she claims II had no appointment, and a 530.. who NEVER ACTUALLY SHOWED up, was coming in. At this point I am HEATED, on fire, in fuego. Not cool.Given all of the reviews regarding the unfriendly service and basic incompetence, I should have respected the yelpers and not even gone there... I gave them the benefit of the doubt, and ultimately disappointed. Better luck to you.. I will not be giving Beverly Nails any of my business, as they have wasted about and hour and a half of my day and a portion of my gas tank!
1	Terrible Service! I do not recommend this establishment. Stopped in for a simple mani and gel polish removal. I specifically asked the nail tech not to file the polish off as it can be damaging to the natural nail. She insisted on filing the polish off. Walked away with a poorly done mani and messy polish :(
1	Decided to get a mani and pedi done for Christmas. Started off really good quick to get on a chair for my pedi. I wanted snowflakes and the lady said she could do them. Pedi seemed really rushed. Once pedi was done went on to getting my nails done. She wasn't rushing at first but the more time pass by more people started to show and out of all the workers she was the only one rushing. As she was doing my nails she kept looking around not realizing that she is taking off a lot of the nail. Also she kept filing and filing my nails which ended up shorter than I wanted.  Everyone else was taking their times. I told her to slow down so she wouldn't mess up but sure enough, my nails Didnt turn out the way i wanted them to be done. Snowflakes don't even look like snowflakes. If she wasn't able to do the design I wanted she should of said so instead of going through with it and saying that's the best she can do. one side of my nails were done and it would of looked stupid for me to walk out with my hands looking different from each other. Never again will I go to this nail salon.
