4	This smoothie queen really enjoys her Smoothie King. In fact, at one time, we were quite the couple. I lived around the corner from this one, and you couldn't keep me away from his royal juices. So sweet. So ripe. So. So. Well, um....so blended. Yea, blended. Add a shot of wheat grass? Sure, why not. It will only make me friskier Smoothie King. What? A shot of triple Vitamin C. Bring it your majesty. I shall have increased stamina. And while your at it, throw in a bag of those all natural peanut butter filled pretzels. And while I'm waiting I'll peruse your homeopathic book, the size of an armchair, and get the latest on colon cleansing, liver detox and why your poop should be in the shape of an "s". Thank you Smoothie King. For making this smoothie queen feel like a young, healthy princess once again!
3	Well i have definitely had better smoothie's and the Staff while friendly seemed a bit stressed. The guy making the smoothies i think owned the franchise and the girl that was working for him didn't really seem interested in selling smoothies as she was trying to sell other products in the store. I had a strawberry malt...which was not bad which is why i did give it 3 stars rather than 2. My wife had the Pineapple, Strawberry, Kiwi, with protein smoothie. I tried it and i didn't really think any protein was in it....but wife did and she enjoyed and i guess that is all that matters...LOLThe other major problem was the price...a small cost about 5.00 for my malt and the smoothie was close to 4 bucks. You can get a large one for that price at Jamba Juice and while the products at Smoothie King are all-natural that is still expensive. So if you want a decent smoothie for the price go to Jamba Juice...if you want all natural, expensive but decent smoothies then go to Smoothie King. Eat, Drink and be Merry my friends!!!!
4	Poor Smoothie King....it looks like you're not exactly everyone's cup of tea but I still heart you. I have grown up on smoothies from Jamba Juice during my junior high days, Blendz during high school and Juice It Up throughout college and post grad. While almost any smoothie can make me a happy camper I would prefer Smoothie King if possible. While it is a bit pricey I enjoy the texture of smoothies here more than others. Jamba smoothies are icier than I'd like and Juice It Up is more creamy. Smoothie King is more about the fruit and that's particularly refreshing. Each time I have gone the service has been great and we watched our smoothies being made with no problems or concerns.
2	I used to love this place back in high school, so I decided to drop in for a delicious protein smoothie. I ordered a medium high protein smoothie, and was absolutely salivating over the upcoming flavor as I hadn't eaten all day. Well my first disappointment came with the price, a whopping $10.00 for a d*mn medium smoothie! Holy cow! What are they adding to this to make it so god-like you ask? I have no idea, my only add on was friggin peanut butter, which was only a small dollop. My second complaint was the service, although it wasn't awful, it certainly didn't entice me to ever want to return. I think I will stick with One Stop Nutrition, I can get the same exact smoothie, with peanut butter, for $5.00. I'm not trying to bring the gavel down on this place, but they certainly need to double check their prices, I definitely don't taste the quality or see the justification in charging an arm and a leg.
1	If you want to be treated rude by the staff and enjoy sub par smoothies then this is the place for you.   I love smoothies and had never been to a Smoothie King and was in the area so decided to give it a try.  Big Mistake!!  When I entered the store there was an older man towards the front and a younger girl making smoothies towards the back.   The place only had about two people in it.   No greeting given by the older man at the front.   The menu here is very, very hard to decipher.   The menu board is so discombobulated you don't know what end is up.   It lists the name of the smoothie for example, "Cranberry Cooler" or "Immune Builder" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a "to-go" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the "electrolyte mix" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was "ARE YOU KIDDING?"   "You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals"    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway,  I ordered a "Light and Fluffy" smoothie.    Basic ingredients;  OJ, Banana, Strawberry.   It was average at best.     On the expensive side too.  Over $5.00 for a small.   Sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star.
5	I am not a huge fan of smoothie king as I am a total Jamba Juice girl, so the only reason that I give them 5 stars is because I was AMAZED by the customer service I received this morning. We went in there earlier this week, and I was casually chatting with my boss about not liking papaya etc while the lady was making my smoothie. This morning when we came in, the same lady was there and she remembered all of my comments from earlier in the week (even though I wasn't addressing them to her) and offered to make me a custom smoothie with mango juice instead of papaya and no dairy or protein! My custom smoothie turned out super yummy! I wish I knew her name so that I could suggest she get a promotion because she is truly an awesome employee!
1	The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
5	I love this place. All the shakes are geared towards being healthy unlike Jamba Juice. And many contain 300 or less calories in the 20 oz size. The staff was great in making suggestions and explaining their supplement/protein options.I ordered the Island Impact which already comes with protein in it, and it was delicious. Will be back again next time I'm in town for sure!
2	I've been to this location a couple of times with an OK experience, but tonight we arrived 3 minutes before closing and the clerk had already turned off the open sign and locked the door.  We tried to walk up to see if he would change his mind but he wouldn't even look up for at least a minute, endlessly staring at the floor or at the walls in an attempt to avoid eye contact...low class move.  I would have minded less had he simply acknowledged us and said "sorry we're closed".  It was almost closing time - I understand wanting to go home - but regardless it's not the way to treat customers.I have contacted what I presume is Smoothie King management (Greg) about this as well.
4	I look forward to the days I get my Angel Food smoothie with no turbinado. Ever since I started drinking smoothie king I am unable to really enjoy jamba juice smoothies. Right up my alley.
1	Although the smoothies are quite delicious, it is FAR from natural. Everything is frozen and preserved, i've noticed. This pisses me off! They advertise like they are healthy and support the customer's well being when in reality they're just sticking all this sugar down our throats. I soon realized after I ordered my drink (for the first time) that it had about 800 calories for a small and 70 grams of sugar!! Not so healthy if you ask me. The management is corrupt. They always made the poor employees work alone and although it would get incredibly busy, they didn't seem to mind. This comes across as SELFISH, and I refuse to support a company that operates in such a way. In addition to this, Sean (tall black guy) would always try hitting on me, he has made uncomfortable remarks and he was VERY unproffessional. He would stand and talk to me for hours and I CANNOT deal with that when I have obligations to address on a daily basis. This made me dread coming into Smoothie king. Overall this place is trash, I definatley wouldn't recommend it.
5	I Love SMOOTHIE KING and wish we had one here in Tucson. Whenever I am in the Phoenix area, I always make it a priority to stop by at this location and refuel with a healthy treat. I also like the wide variety of smoothies to choose from. The store and customer service is always great and friendly!! Keep up the great job, and sure to see you all soon!!Rick
5	Great smoothies. Lots of options - almost too many to make a decision. But very tasty and great protein options.
