5	If I could rate this 10 stars I would. Las Vegas needs more businesses that you can trust for good honest pricing and exceptional work. I had Evan completely overhaul my car audio system a few months ago. He is the only person in this town that I found that could confidently tell me he could custom fabricate my cars dashboard so an iPad could be used as my car stereo. The quality of work was perfect my car now looks an iPad was always meant to be in my car. Evan even went above and behind to make my car look amazing. His attention to detail is far greater than you would find in ANY shop in Las Vegas. I highly recommend Soundgopher. I got quotes at other shops in town and they were at least twice as much and I wasn't confident that anyone could do the job as well or for the price that Evan could get it done.
5	Evan installed my viper alarm with remote start and it works like a champ!!  If anyone needs iPads, master fabrication, or custom work done then he is the one you should see ... for sure!! Thanks again for the sweet deal too!
5	Evan install a new Blue-Tooth stereo in my Wrangler and  am really happy with his word. Will go back to him for my next project.
5	Good service all around!! No hidden charges and tells you your best options with minimal budget
1	Evan worked on two of my cars.  Had a car stereo put in one.  Had d.r.l.  lights disabled in both cars. Evan is quick and fast. A little poor on follow thru. Took us asking to get the warranty instruction Manuel for car radio stereo. Again very nice guy. My problem started with the d.r.l. disabling on my 14 jetta. t.d.i. wagen. He had a very very difficult time with this car.  I should have trusted my instinct to not touch it. It took him a very.long time to disable it. Inside the motor compartment the thing looked Jimmy rigged for lack of a better word. About a month later the warning lights started coming on whenever the car was driven.   I immediately tried  call evan to no avail. To tell ya the truth I thought I got taken advantage of.  Never returned calls so I emailed him through his company.   He finally got a hold of me.  At this point I had one mechanic look at his work and chew me out for even having this work done. Evan made a vain attempt to come over but he never showed up. Quite worried with no follow up from Evan I broke down with my tail between my legs and took it to Findley vw. Had a great talk with manager there. They said car was a fire danger and made me leave it there to fix on the morning which I did. With military discount. Cost me 270 dollars. I have never heard from Evan again.  Dealing with Evan is like dealing with an add. Child. Severely lacking in good customer service and standing by his workAlways go with quality business not a fly by nightPay more to get good service and warranry.  Your car is a expensive   investment not a toy.  I mean let's grow up here. So learned expensive lesson.  Wish I would get my 270 back but hey it could have been ugh worse. What if it did catch fire?  Do you think insurance would pay that claim out with that shoddy work?  Think people learn from mistake.  Some  alterations modification sOkay but I wouldn't do this again. Ugh!
