5	Ya know...for a fast food chain, this place has permalove written on it from me.Maybe it's due to their fish tacos...and their loverly (yes, loverly!) shrimp burritos...or their refried peppery bean goodness.I always have had consistently good food at Rubio's - no matter where I've been - Las Vegas, Mesa, Chandler, San Jose, etc. It's a chain, but mercifully it's no Long John Silver. Everytime I've eaten at Long John Silver, well...loosie pewps and we'll leave it at that.  TMI, sorry.Hubby usually goes for the chopped chicken salad bowl, but I've noticed the size varies from place to place and state to state.If I ever have a craving for a shrimp burrito I usually head on out to Rubio's - it's cheaper and far yummier than some of the sit down restaurants.
5	I work walking distance to this shopping center and every day I eat out for lunch.  What to choose, what to choose?  Taco Bell, Arbys, McDonalds, Subway, Chick-fil-a, or Rubios?  This is like a laundry list of what Mesa is based on.  So every day I choose another mediocre place to dine... but once a week I treat myself to Rubio's Cali-Mex Restaurant.  It's just delightful!  It's hard to steer clear from the Beer-Battered Fish Burrito.  If I can make it there on Tuesdays after 2:30, I partake in Taco Tuesday where it's just $1.25.... Those 4 tacos are the best $5 spent in town.Thanks Rubio's, see you next week!
5	I've been coming here every week for the past  year and didn't think to write a review until now. I've tried a few things on the menu and almost always end up getting the chicken tacos. The fish taco's are great too. The customer service at this location gets 10 stars. Sometimes it takes awhile for the food to come out during lunch hours, but the wait is always worth it. No other fast food restaurant I've been to (especially Qdoba's, Chipotle, and Baja Fresh) even compares to Rubio's.
4	My wife and I went here for lunch a few days ago.  I tried to be super smart and healthy and ordered the Chipotle Ranch salad, but it was probably more of a calorie bomb than the tacos.  Anyway, it was pretty tasty and of a decent size.  I'm not sure I like a mound of guacamole and full size tortilla chips (not strips) in my salad, but it was good nonetheless.  I would like to return to try their tacos.Their chips were good and fresh but their 4 or so salsas were just ok.  None really stood out to me in terms of flavor or heat.The only thing that really stood out about this place was the service.  The staff here really went out of their way to be super nice and friendly which is rare for a fast food type place.
5	I love it here!  The location by my sister's house closed in north Phoenix and when she told me about it, I immediately had a craving for Rubio's and was so thankful that this location is still open and appears to be going strong!  I would eat here every day and I'm pretty sure wouldn't even ever get tired of it!
5	My husband and I took my parents & brother to lunch at Rubio's and well basically I loved it!!!!!!!!!! Rubio's beats every other mexican or tex mew place in Texas. Everything was very fresh, the chips were perfect and the floor was so clean you could eat off it. Next time I'm back in Mesa, I can't wait to return.
5	Rubios is the holy grail of Mexican fast food chain restaurants. It is a bit expensive and the portions are a tad bit small but there is quite simply nothing that compares for this type of restaurant in fast food. Now, it is definitely not authentic, but if you know that going in, you won't be disappointed. Also, let me be clear, there are a ton of better Mexican restaurants in Phoenix but this is a place you can count on to fill your craving every time. It is the best Mexican FAST FOOD out there. I constantly crave the fish tacos and drool over the baha grill burittos. If you want quick fast food with a Mexican flavor, this is a great choice. The staff are very friendly at this location as well.
1	Visited this Rubios last week around 8pm.  The store looked like it was closed as they had chairs on tables and someone mopping the floors - the mopping of floors, taking out trash and putting chairs on tables while open is a no-no in restaurants and against the rules in most restaurants.  The cashier got my order wrong twice and the cooking staff who were all wearing gloves and did not change gloves between orders which they are suppose to do.  They had to make my fiesta salad three times because the first two times they they actually got dirt and grease on the salad and were going to serve it to me if I had not said something.  The food is always good, but you need to watch and make sure they are sanitary which this Rubios was not.
1	ordered two salads today, once again the food and the salads are always good.  the manager Dani was there and the employees are suppose to replace their gloves between meals, they did not I had to ask for the people who were making my food to put new gloves on and referenced several areas which were dirty which needed to be cleaned before making my food.  the manager did not agree.  good thing there is a corporate office
4	My girlfriend and I went here today for dinner and got the Cilantro Lime Salmon Burrito and Blackened Ono Burrito. They were both appropriate sized burritos (not gigantic like Chipotle's) and the fish was cooked to order. Both were more delicious than we expected--especially since they came with guacamole. We are locals so we come here often and their fish items on the menu never disappoint. 4 stars because the chips were nothing to write home about.
3	Ok the food is typically pretty good but i have a hard time paying $10-11 for fast food mexican.
4	REALLY good. If their guacamole was as good as Chipotle's they would be five stars for sure
5	My partner and I have been visiting this Rubios in Mesa for about a year. We usually eat there on Tuesdays for the world famous fish tacos, but have been known to stop in other days. We always enjoy the pleasant staff, especially a certain shift manager Chris. She is always warm and friendly and by now knows our names and order. Thank you for the tasty food, fast and friendly service!
4	nice, fresh mexican food, fast food with an elegant flair.  Nice salsa bar and portabello mushroom tacos  were awesome....no high fat feel after finishing your food.
5	The original fish taco has a big hunk of meat. This ain't no wimpy Taco Bell taco. A la carte is priced at 2.79. But I suggest the combo at 6.49, which comes with two tacos, rice and beans and a drink. Hey, no need to tip. They have a clean salsa bar with about 8 different salsas. Sliced limes are set out too. Try their raspberry tea on tap. It's tasty. Our cashier Ramon had a smile. A lady's toddler dumped something on the floor and Ramon mopped it up and was like "no problem".Outdoor seating is plentiful and each table is covered by a tiki umbrella.
5	The food is ALWAYS delicious here. I've been on the "grilled Ono burrito" train lately. I suggest you all climb on board.
5	Love the fish tacos, mmm! A little pricey, but that's expected worth sea food.
1	I had there balsamic chicken salad. It was terrible i could have made that salad myself at home.  All it had was some green leaves a few pieces of chicken and barely any grilled vegetables. Worst salad i have ever had.
3	After a subpar Rubio's experience at another location last week, I decided to give this location a try because I was craving Mexican food for lunch.  I ordered:Chicken Street Taco, $1.89http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-mesa-4?select=1c2PgdqigA46363BoO1YuQ#1c2PgdqigA46363BoO1YuQSteak Burrito Especial, $6.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-mesa-4?select=FBYDDa-7XMSOJRcOUkcVzg#FBYDDa-7XMSOJRcOUkcVzgThe food came out in a short period of time and despite being busy, the cashier remembered who I was and took the food out to my table instead of calling my name....great service!The Chicken Taco was very good.  The Steak Burrito Especial was even better.  The Steak was juicy and full of flavor.  All of the ingredients were fresh and complimented each other.  Of course, I got the spiciest Salsa from the Salsa Bar to eat with the food.  I love their Salsa Bar.Overall, a pretty good experience.Return Factor - 70%
5	I've never had a bad experience at a rubios. The fish tacos are amazing. Along with with steak Baja bowl. All in all the service at this place is always quick and friendly. Try taco Tuesdays..
4	Good food for the price, great rice, beans and their gourmet shrimp tacos made to order
4	I love the fish tacos here and the beans and chips are great. The hot salsa is awesome and the peppers on the side are a nice garnish. I love the taste with a squeeze of lime. I'm a fan of the food here. a little pricey but delicious.
5	Everything served here is excellent. The classic fish tacos are wonderful, but so are the burritos, as well as the traditional chicken and steak menu items. Something for everyone, even if you don't like seafood. Also, they have several choices of local beers.
1	Don't get ranch chicken salad it's swimming in too much dressing, too many chips, too much salt on those chips, has a weird taste, literally almost no chicken, tiniest little pieces I have ever seen almost like they ran out of chicken and I got the scraps oh and wheres the lettuce??????  This place doesnt usually screw up.
5	Excellent fresh food and service.  Manager was very attentive and rounded in all guests.  Restaurant was very clean and salsa bar was very clean.  We ate steak tacos with beans and chips.  It was so fresh.  Enjoyed sitting outside today while it's 87 degrees out in February.
5	If loving a chain is wrong I don't wanna be right. I lo-oove their classic fish taco. It is perfection. Their shrimp tacos and fish burro are delicious as well.  The staff at this location is always very friendly and helpful.
5	Love the new tilapia burrito. Fish tacos and salsas are always fresh and delicious as well
5	I've been to this rubios three times and always had a great experience. Very friendly staff and great tacos with salsa!
5	This is the Rubios to go to. I have had Rubios in California for a decade and this one fits right in. The management and staff are great at what they do. I recently had an order with a lot of special items and instructions and our cashier was being trained. He quickly alerted the kitchen and another cashier of the needed information. When my food came out the second cashier brought it out and reviewed the items with me that he had checked back in the kitchen. Taco Tuesday is a steal and the best burritos I crave are here. If you want lighter but with a little bite the chopped chicken salad is my go to for a feel good/taste good meal.
3	Decent burrito spot. Not the best. Presentation is nice though. I am a burrito expert and I approve this message.
5	Where to begin hmmm...great food, reasonable prices, very clean dinning area, super friendly staff.  Also, they have whole grain tortillas and veggie meal options (the veggie burrito is to die for), and a selection of beers and other spirits, and very delicious mango tea.
2	The wife wanted to try this place, so I obliged. She got the shrimp tacos and I ended up getting some type of fish tacos. I wasn't overly impressed and neither was she. Just o.k., not great.
5	My husband, kids and I love Rubio's, especially me.  I've been to a lot of Rubio's and I always get the same great service and delicious food consistently, that's why we continue to go here.We got an Ancho Shrimp Burrito and it was so yummy.  Used a birthday cert and I gave my son the burrito and he wolfed it down.  He always gets some shrimp thing.TJ, the manager that helped me when I went to pick up my order comped the rest of the burrito for the birthday.  So, it was completely free instead of making me pay another $1+.  That was very kind of him and totally unexpected.We just happened to be in the area and my son was hungry and I had a certificate to use, so we stopped by here.  Will come back to again when we are in the area, but we have been here a few times over the past 2-3 years and always excellent!!Thank you, TJ!
4	Rubio's is good, light and tasty Baja Mexican food. I dig the concept, vibe and food. Definitely a favorite! Beats Qdoba and Chipotle hands down.
5	The staff here is always friendly and their food is the best!! I would recommend everyone come try. Fish taco is soo good and Tuesday after 230 they are super cheap
5	By far the best Rubio's we've been to. The food is perfection here at the Riverview location. I've been to other locations and the burritos never come close. Usually, you get too much filler in the form of rice and beans with sparse protein. If I wanted that, I'd go to Chipotle! Riverview Rubio's definitely packs the meat into their fare. My favorites are the shrimp or chicken burritos and the salmon or ahi tacos. Enchiladas are okay too.Service is always the deciding factor for me though and the staff and manager John are definitely ahead of the pack!
5	Good food, always clean, always friendly, and reasonable prices. We frequently come here for some quick good Mexican. It's fast food without feeling like fast food. I've never been disappointed in anything I have ever gotten here. It's all good from the chicken to the shrimp. I would probably even enjoy their veggie options.
