5	Been to this location several times and I have to say I have always had very nice service. With that out of the way I really like this place. I prefer Golden Spoon to all other fro-yo places when it comes to two things: I prefer Golden Spoon's "Ice Cream Flavors" (choc., pb, espresso, etc.), also I think they must serve theirs colder than others because it doesn't melt as fast as others. On the other hand I prefer other fro-yo places when it comes to fruit, tart, and no sugar added flavors. If you want fro-yo that tastes like creamy,rich ice cream go to Golden Spoon.
4	i love frozen yogurt. what is there not to love about a frozen treat for under 100 calories. that being said, golden spoon is a staple. it is the standard of frozen yogurt. almost the original. it's yummy, it's cheap and they have good toppings. they don't go below or beyond my expectations. my favorite combo: java and chocolate with almond roca topping. seriously almond roca is the BEST TOPPING EVER!!!! and i have a buy 8 and get 1 free card. i've pretty much have gone through three cards since it opened right down the street.
5	What can I say bad about this place? It's trendy and fast. The flavor selection is great and the price is reasonable. We treat our family to this place about once a week and it's never been a bad experience.  I would recommend this place to any frozen yogurt lover and hope to see you here soon.
5	This was the first place that I tried frozen yogurt when I moved here in Las Vegas. We used to go to (over-rated) Cold Stone but that stuff is just way too sweet for my taste. It's a small little restaurant that has seating area if you'd like to enjoy your yogurt inside, there's also a seating area outside and you can also order your yogurt to-go. My usual is Cake Batter with Rainbow Sprinkles. Yes, I know, I am a child and don't want to grow up, sue me. My husband teases me all the time bc my interests are always similar to his 18 yo cousin. I don't care, I like it! It's the right amount of sweetness and yet so surprisingly refreshing!It's a small restaurant that has an indoor seating area, outdoor seating area and they also take orders to go. We visit this location frequently because they are close by, we feel that we get more for our money, they give out coupons, their yogurt is healthy and service isn't all that bad either. You can sign-up for their emailer thing and you can get coupons via email. And they're coupons that you'll actually use, 2-for-1, free toppings, etc.Summers are busiest, for the obvious Las Vegas reason, it's 102 outside and people want to cool off! Sometimes the lines are out the door. People do NOT come alone, ever, not that I've seen!One of the things that I like is the fact that they list the calorie count that's in their yogurt. But I mostly like the Cake Batter & Rainbow Sprinkles :)
5	What how could they only have an average of 4 stars, this is one of my favorite Golden Spoon locations. :-( however I'm comparing it to the ones that I go to in So Cal.  There might always be a line, but it goes quick and they are always generous with their servings.  And  the service is always friendly, which makes a big difference me!I have a secret though...I'm a Golden Spoon Nut!  I get it at least once a week :-). I love the peanut butter cup and cake batter and pumpkin pie and peach and...  And honestly, the reason I like it, is because it's  good portion control.I've been to a self serve place once and I just got a little taste of this one, and that one, and maybe a little bit of that one too, and who knows how many ounces that cup was? :-0 So that is why Golden Spoon is the perfect place for the Food Nazi ;-)
3	The Best Flavors and toppings but........Golden Spoon is very much like decisions people make when they're too intoxicated; it seems like a good idea at the time, but leads to punishment afterwards.  I love the flavors they have and the toppings, but they're non-fat yogurt has all sorts of sugar alcohols in it.  For a lot of people (myself included) sugar alcohol in foods leads to stomach issues....The kind of issues you don't want to be away from home for if you follow me.  I've gone back a few times because it does taste good, but I always regret it afterwards.  If you know you don't do well with sugar alcohol, check out one of the other million yogurts stops in town.
4	Love the different flavors here... Irish cream, graham cracker, St. Patrick's mint! That's all some delicious, smooth, and creamy stuff. Although I prefer the self-serve concept found at most other froyo places. I like being able to control how much (or little) I get. The smallest size here is the mini, which was about $2.25.
4	Amazing flavor and topping combinations. This is probably the one place that I can find peach flavored dessert anything. I love the variety, quick service, and all the smiles. the mini size was perfect for me. I just wanted a taste that that was just perfect. Can you say PORTION CONTROL!! I love it. THeir prices seem a lil lower than at other places like nubi or yogurtland. It was nice to enjoy our treat inside, although outside would have been fun too. And another thing that is cool, you can call and ask them what flavors they are featuring before you take the trip over. Thanks. I liked my peach yogurt with sprinkles. So what if I'm a kid. I love life.
3	It's difficult for full service yogurt shops like Golden Spoon to compete with self-serve places like Menchies, Yogurtland, Yogels and the like. I like my yogurt simple and my toppings plentiful. The yogurt selection was decent. Vanilla, chocolate, graham cracker, cake batter, red velvet, peanut butter, pomegranate, blueberry are the ones that I can remember.the topping selection does not compare to those self-service places. It's $0.55 for any 2 spoonfuls of toppings or $1.00 for 3.  I got Vanilla-Chocolate swirl yogurt with Almond Roca topping which was very good. I live within walking distance of Menchies (which I enjoy) but had a BOGO coupon for Golden Spoon and decided to go there.
2	Service was friendly. Store was understaffed and dirty. Very expensive compared to Yogurtland. I won't be returning. Ice cream was good. Self serve is better... I can pick a little of each topping without being rushed by an impatient kid.
2	Great location, really just O K  (just cause it's close to my house), but with all the yogurt places popping up this one is out dated.  They make your creation, you select a size, flavor and mix in...Not as fun as many of the others.  No special flavors or toppings.  Seating area is dirty, small and crowed.  There are 2 tables outside, but your too close to the parking lot and busy street.Not really a fan. I'd rather drive 2 miles to the next yogurt place.
5	good stuff.. love the feel of the place. the two girls behind the counter were very a cheerful. I came in right about closing time and they helped me pick a good on, thx for your time and kindness
4	Usually I like U-swirl but a friend wanted to come here. I got the cake batter flavor which I loved and I think it might be the better cake batter frozen yogurt compared to all the other yogurt places. Only downfall I really see is if you like putting your own toppings on better go some where else. I could care less because I don't add the toppings.
4	Delicious fix on a hot night.
4	My daughter's favorite yogurt place.  You pick the flavor, medium (cone, bowl) and mix ins and they make it for you. The yogurt is good, the price is right and I usually come out less expensive here than the places where you mix your own.  The staff here is very friendly and are nice to the kids.  The place is spotlessly clean.For a nice treat, golden spoon can't be beat.
4	Had a hankering for some froyo over the weekend and stopped by here to get my fix. They have a menu of flavors that changes regularly so you have to stop by to see what they are offering for the day. They probably have about 8-10 machines with each machine serving a different flavor. Examples of flavors the day I was there included: old fashioned vanilla, old fashioned chocolate, vanilla bean, peach, strawberry, and salted carmel.You can choose from various sizes (mini, small, regular, etc) but I usually go with the regular cup for $3.75. You can then add 3 spoonfuls of toppings for an additional $1. Only difference between Golden Spoon and other froyo places is that they are not self service and they will make your order for you while you watch from behind the glass. I feel like you come out ahead this way because for under 5 bucks you get a pretty large portion of froyo and topping for a regular size.
5	This is definitely one of my FAVORITE yogurt places to go whenever I feel depressed. My favorite flavors are cake batter, tigers blood, and pumpkin pie. Their yogurt always warms my broken heart. I especially like going to this place because one of the employees is so cheery and brings joy to my life !
3	Cute froyo place, not self-serve but set up more like a Pinkberry where the staff get your yogurt and toppings for you. Pricing was pretty low, but the mini size is the best size for a single person.Flavors have good variety, about ten total, with some seasonal additions- most recently tried the pumpkin pie and the coffee, preferring the first. Both were a bit drippy and melty when they were being dispensed, and the coffee flavor was oddly flavorless.Service is friendly, pricing is low, and they have a text club you can join for discounts. Daily schedule of discounts and specials is posted on their door.
