4	Pretty good Greek-style restaurant with your typically huge menu. Everything that I have had has been decent. From breakfast to pork chops, it's a good local place where everyone can get what they want. Most items are made in house so all of their "regular" food has some flavor. It  doesn't seem to taste overly processed like many of these places do. The chicken parm has to be the best thing that I have had there. It is better than Olive Garden and is only $9. The Marinara sauce is a little paste heavy. Asked the waitress what was the best thing on the menu, and even inquired about a review on the wall, but unfortunately she did the thing I detest, and just read the menu to me. We also tried, this time, the chicken pot pie. It had good flavor, even the gelatinous goo holding it together tasted like chicken. Unfortunately, they covered the pastry (the pie part, no crust) with sauce, so became soggy. Everyone in there is always really nice and the service is good. My sister and I eat together all of the time and people assume that we are a couple. The lady at the register had us pegged as siblings in no time, she's the first!http://emoteuntildeath.blogspot.com
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Chicken Parm and Lasagna at the Harrisburg House!
5	We eat here every Friday morning. Service is good and food is good. Huge variety to choose from, and I've never had anything bad.  It's like the Greek version of down-home cooking, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.People are friendly and prices are reasonable.
4	This is another one of those reliable, dependable, "meat and three" Greek-run family restaurants you can find all over the greater Charlotte area. It's only a few miles from my house, so we get over there a few times a year. If you like Italian dishes, seafood, fish, Greek dishes, salads, and sandwiches, served in a family atmosphere by folks who deliver correctly what you order, give them a try. This place is VERY popular on weekends. We got one of the last tables available at 6:20 on a Saturday. Come to think of it, we have never been in this place when it wasn't hopping. It's inexpensive and the food is consistently tasty.I had a salmon steak, green beans, beets. The meal came with cornbread, garlic bread, rolls, hushpuppies, and some minor salad greenery. My wife had a beef tips dinner that looked wonderful. It was enough for two, or in her case, tomorrow's lunch. It came with greens and squash.One of my twins had a stuffed pasta shell dish that was enough food for triplets. The other had spaghetti with meat sauce and meat balls, children's portion, big enough for two kids. My daughter is a vegetarian, so she just ordered veggies... They don't have any great vegetarian choices for protein, other than a Vegetarian Hoagie.I'd go early if I were you.
5	The place was busting at the seams, even the car park was full. Pretty busy on weekends with a huge menu selection ranging from subs to greek and italian. The chicken wings were just ordinary but the chicken soup with rice was perfect! Don't miss the Famous Athens Marinated Beef Tips, they're really wonderful! The country style steak was different topped with homemade gravy. The restaurant is neat and very nice. And the price is cheap! Where can you get that? Good food that's light on the pocket! Recommended! Highly!
4	Harrisburg Family House is a hometown favorite and didn't disappoint yet again!  At our table of four we had spaghetti with meat sauce, lasagna, chicken tenders and a club sandwich, enough fried squash and onion rings to shake a stick at and even some macaroni and cheese! Great atmosphere to eat, chat and bring the family!  Wide variety on the menu for everyone to choose from and everything I've had over my many visits has always been good.  Service was helpful and glasses stayed full...always a plus!  We were there with the supper crowd and our food was delivered quickly and all of it was prepared just right!Will definitely eat here again!!
4	My inlaws took me here for dinner right now and I was actually a little surprised by how much I enjoyed it here!We had onion rings for an appetizer and they were crispy and had just enough onion flavour to be perfect in my eyes, and I ordered the Athens beef strips with fried squash and sweet potatoes as my sides. Honestly, as somebody who ate rice growing up like, every day I wasn't thrilled with the instant rice it came with, but the beef was tender and flavourful, and the fried squash was fresh and hot. I'm probably weird in that I save my sweet potatoes for dessert but I'm glad I did. Dessert in the case looked really good but I didn't have room.
4	I am never scared to try a Greek Meat and Three (as Bill B. put it). There are always a few dishes that you can rely on. Well, there have been a few times that I have stepped outside of the box and tried a few dishes that I usually wouldn't try when strapped for cash (when I usually eat here), and I have rarely been disappointed.I never would have ordered steak tips for fear that they would have been dry. Well, they were a little dry, but still good. The pork chops, on the other hand, are beautifully cooked. My friend almost lost a finger when he tried to take his fork back from me. The fried squash and grits are great choices as side dishes. The waffles are evenly cooked, but I found the pancakes a  bit greasy. This is the case for most of the menu. You will never be mad that you spent your money on a certain dish, but there are definitely those dishes that made you wish you had a magically refillable plate. I recommended Harrisburg Family House to a couple passing through town last summer and I would recommend it to anyone else. It won't knock your socks off, but it's a good, safe bet.
1	I just don't understand how these people like this food. The best I can say is most times you can eat the food. I was there when it first opened and the food was close to inedible and the service was poor. A  fly landed on a pasta dish then on the salt shaker and was stuck there. The waitress took the salt shaker when we pointed it out and then she returned the SAME salt shaker stating she had wiped it off. I said I would never return.    I have been back 2 times and the food has not improved as far as I could tell but the waitress was very nice and did apologize for the policy of no substitutions, do not go here if you do low carb,  Hell, do not eat here even if you don't.    My husband does eat here and sometimes takes (forces) one of the kids with him, he likes the food, but he will eat most anything.  If you like good food for your money look elsewhere.
5	Best place in Harrisburg.  Fast service, friendly and good food.  Nothing gourmet, but good diner type food.  Everything I have tried there has been good.  Only problem is it is always packed!!!  :)
4	I love this place.  It's your classic Greek family style diner with Southern flare.  They have an extensive menu that everyone can find something to eat.  I've sampled the chicken pot pie, Calabash Shrimp, Crispy Chicken Salad and Stuffed Shells.  They were all very delicious and filling. The food isn't gourmet or really outstanding but it's good and sometimes that's just what you need.   The service is great and for some reason we always get out of there under 15 bucks with a tip.  You can't beat that.
5	Harrisburg Family House Restaurant has the best homecooking of anybody!  First of all the breakfast menu is to die for.  There are so many selections that it is hard to decide, but rest assure you will be happy when you get it. Lunch and Dinner are fantastic as well.  The best fried squash and okra.  The country style steak is so tender you can cut it with your forK!  I have never ordered anything that was not delicious!!  If you leave hungry there is something wrong with you and not the food.  Also,  the prices are very reasonable and the service is great!   I always leave with a carryout box.  Please try it you will love it like my husband and I do.Beverly Christenbury
4	Another consistent visit to Harrisburg Family. This time I had the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich with fries and it was way more than one could eat and flavorful too. Maybe not the best one I have ever had, but definitely good. Our waitress was super friendly and didnt mind us hanging out to chat since the supper crowd was dwindling. Great choice for homestyle cooking in the Burg!
3	Perhaps not the best choice on a weekend morning - this place was packed! Luckily the wait was not long - just a few minutes and we had one of the booths to watch the insanity unfold around us. Much better than an IHOP or somewhere else that will have you standing for what seems like hours.Once seated, the staff was friendly and we were served quickly too - though there is really nothing terribly surprising here, the food is good and everything makes the place certainly worth a visit (though if you are not a fan of crowds, you may not want to watch when you come!).
5	Best place to come to for a bite to eat in Harrisburg NC! Its owned by a greek family and they serve almost anything you want! Diner-Style setting and kind waitstaff!
4	If Harrisburg has a gem then this it it. Always busy, if not flat out packed....for a reason. Really good food, huge portions, and great prices. Owned by the same family who owned the now defunct Athens restaurant in Charlotte. Really that was not one of my favorite places to eat, but this place is. Very laid back, family friendly....just like Harrisburg. The staff is great and make you feel right at home. Been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner many times....every time a winner. During peak times you can expect to wait for a seat, but it is worth it. Bottom line....if you are in the area do yourself a favor and stop in and enjoy.
4	I am very happy with HFH.  We eat there regularly when we need a quick bite on the way to or from somewhere.  Consistent quality and friendly service.  I won't say it's going to be the best food you've ever had, but it'll be as expected from a family owned restaurant with a large customer base.  I have had problems with take-out.  Make sure you check your order before leaving!
2	Food was ok.  Front desk counter woman was a real jerk.  Didn't greet with a smile, ask how I was, ask how my meal was or say thank you for my business. I would never go back here again.
5	Only one word cab describe this place; Amazing. The is the model of what a family style restaurant should be. When you walk in you'll notice that the resturant is always packed full of people but the wait is never long at all especially for groups of 3 or 4. There are a list of specials every day that are always great to choose from. Even the place is extremely busy the service is incredibly fast and the waitresses seem to be attentive. Come hungry because food portions are generally huge on most entrees I always leave with a to go box. The desserts are better than any family restaurant I've seen. The Baklava cheese cake and red velvet cheese cake are my favorite. If you need good food and not a lot of hoopla try this place very rarely is anyone I've ever brought here disappointed!
4	I've passed this place many times heading out of Charlotte on the way back to Burlington but never stopped until this past Sunday at 2:45. Approaching the door I saw the sign stating they closed at 3 P.M. on Sundays. I opened the door and asked the lady at the front desk if the sign was accurate and she said, with a chuckle and a smile, "Ah, c'mon in...I'll feed ya." The rest of my encounter was just as warm and friendly. My waitress was very pleasant and attentive, my glass was never beyond 1/2 empty. The food was excellent. My selection was the marinated beef strips with rice and gravy, fried squash and collard greens with sweet tea to drink. My meal was served with a cornbread muffin and a yeast roll. Although I'm not a fan of cornbread, it was actually very good. I was absolutely amazed to find that the collards were FRESH. As was the squash. (I was told they begin preparation every morning at 4 A.M.) The total was around $10.50. The portions were generous, to the point I questioned if I could eat it all. I will definitely be back. (Gotta try those pork tips)
5	The Red, White, and Blue Waffles are AMAZING!!!  Loaded with fresh fruit!!!
1	My family and I have been here 3-4 times since they've opened up. I read through the reviews before deciding to finally write my own. Yes it is owned by a Greek family. Yes they mix Greek and southern cuisines, but the food is just not good. It is cheap though, and it is greasy, and that HAS to be the reason why the restaurant is almost always packed in this down economy. I think over the years I've had the cheeseburger, dry with little to no flavor which belies the greasy footprint it left on my plate. The beef tips were served with rice that was cooked to mush and the tips themselves were over seasoned (Greek seasoning to boot) and over cooked.  The Philly cheese steak sandwich was not much better. The only reason we have been here so many times is because of out of town visitors wanting to try the place and family members wanting to meet here. If you want a more accurate description of what the review SHOULD be for this place, scroll to the bottom of the page and enter the filtered review section, there is a bit more honesty there in my opinion.
5	I would be in serious trouble if I lived in Charlotte.  This place is fantastic and good for another 20 lbs on a local yokel.  I had the marinated steak for dinner and a standard breakfast for, well, breakfast.  Everything was excellent.  There are not many restaurants where you must stand in line to get out, but you do here.
4	Breakfast is terrific, dinner is OK. Prices are reasonable and service is good. One of the better places in Harrisburg.
5	Visit here as often as I can and never been disappointed. One of my personal favorites is the Turkey and stuffing (think they only have it in certain nights). Gets pretty busy, especially on weekends and Sunday lunch. Good home cooking, no complaints here!
5	Love the chicken Parmesan! My second favorite is the chicken tips.  The wait staff is always friendly and prompt.  If you go on Sunday, be prepared for at least a 20 min wait. It is well worth it though. I have never had a bad meal.
4	Very good southern food and surprisingly affordable. Waitress was super nice and attentive. I would come by again. Subtracting one star only for the long line waiting for a table and paying - hey but people keeping flooding in means something!
4	Great good old family style restaurant a fare.  The regular "meat and 3"  Always packed, but usually not a long wait during busy times.  Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Good desert selection. These folks used to own the Athens restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Great place. Food is always good and the service is great.
2	This is your typical family restaurant.  It's always very busy...but the more I have visited I've wondered why!It just doesn't feel clean in there....it's outdated and so are the plates/silverware/coffee mugs.I have only eaten breakfast there...probably around 5-6 times.  At first we liked it, but it's now on the "boycott" list.  The food is extra greasy and just does not taste fresh.  We are over it.
4	My wife and I come here regularly. The food is very good and they have a nice variety. The Italian.selections are fantastic. Especially the baked ziti. Also, great service!
2	First, Server was in the weeds so bad that it was absolutely evident. Still, she was quick as she could be. Ordered the California omelette and it was basically scrambled eggs with chunks of avocado just tossed in there. Not well cooked and missing the bacon that's a staple of California omelettes. Hash browns tasted frozen and not fresh. Blech. Coffee was also kinda burnt. Wish I had a good review. They were super nice but the food leaves little to be desired. Won't be back.
4	The wait staff is very friendly and gives you a nice home town feel (the cashier not so much). The food is pretty good, I don't particularly like their pasta dishes (pasta isn't drained well), but most everything else I've had is good. I do enjoy their bone in pork chops, and it's nice that they are on their daily specials. Their breakfast is good too. The wait time for food and seating is fairly average. My only real complaint is the checkout system. The wait time to pay my bill on a Saturday or Sunday morning is absolutely ridiculous. When the line is backed up to the far wall and we are standing next to these tables of people who are trying to eat but are constantly interrupted because there's not enough space for the line and the wait staff, it's time to make a change and update the POS system please.
4	Great food and at low prices with large portions!  I enjoy eating here when I don't feel like cooking or getting dressed up to go somewhere.  Not sure that I've ever gotten an Italian dish here... I enjoy the bbq and seafood dishes!  Will continue to eat here in the future!
5	I got a piece of cake, it was practically an entire 1/2 a cake!! Seafood platter was delish, wasn't overly breaded, scallops were perf! Only down fall is sometimes they are too busy..
1	I have visited this place several times.  The service is always terrible.  Breakfast is terrible, lunch and dinner are ok.    In particular we went for breakfast on July 4th morning before the town parade.  It was busy like it normally is when we go however this morning was the worst experience we have ever had.  The hostess was a complete jerk, very unfriendly.  The waitress was ok however it took forever to get anything from her, drinks, food, refills, etc.  The cashier was terrible.  We had 4 meals that we were paying for and she just punched in a ton of number and gave us a total that seemed much highter than what we should have been paying.  After questioning what we were being charged for she developed even more of an attitude and ran down a list on menu in about 10 seconds.  I am still almost certain we were over charged but she didn't want to take the time to explain it and it was busy so i just let it go.  If they don't like working when it's busy then maybe they should just close the place....I will not be visiting this place again.  Terrible service, below average food and they over charge you.
5	Always busy. Great food, great menu full of choices for everyone. Watch out for the dessert case at the front door with all the amazing desserts. Gets us everytime. If they have a Mouse (Chocolate covered cheesecake) - GET IT!
5	My wife and I come here often as the food is always good and the service is usually pretty stellar too. They have daily lunch and dinner specials where you get to choose two sides with it. You get a ton of food and the price is reasonable for just about everything. They also have a good breakfast selection. This is pretty much a diner style type place so if you enjoy food at places like that then you will love it here. It can be crowded on weekends and sometimes there is a wait. Definitely recommend this place all around.
1	Do you have a microwave dinner in your freezer? That's basically what you are signing up for at this fine establishment. I'm not sure where the rest of these reviewers buy their drugs, but please feel free to share. You must be intoxicated to believe this place passes for a restaurant.
4	Well, we've been living in Harrisburg now for 9 years and have never thought of giving this place a try.  Then the hubby and I decided to go out for breakfast and didn't want to go too far and this place seemed like the perfect spot.  Now on to the experience...The outside of the restaurant and even the decor on the inside has a nice old time country feel. Nice and cozy.  The wait time was about 10 minutes on a Friday morning, not too bad but when we sat down I don't think the waitress knew we were there because we sat there almost another 10 minutes and saw her tend to a couple that came in after us.  Anyway, a busser realized it and must have said something to someone because then she came over to us and took care us.  Hey, it happens sometimes at least she came over promptly afterwards.  Now the food....We ordered the Strawberry Waffle Combo, Pancake Combo and a side order of French Toast.  I must say they are VERY GENEROUS with their portions.  The food didn't taste pre-frozen, pre-made or out of a can.  It taste like it was cooked to order.  The food was pretty good and cheap.  Why go to IHOP when you can get a better breakfast meal here.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. This restaurant is consistently poor in quality for food, service, and cleanliness.  We used to visit the restaurant because we lived in the area and luckily we won't ever need to go back.  The food is classic diner - heavy on the salt and grease. That's what some folks like - I get it.   But the grease could at least arrive hot like it should.  At our last visit, we advised the lady at the front desk (frequently rushed and can't be bothered to give a smile) about dirt on their wall.  When we went back months later, the dirt and grime was still there.  Service is often shaky..don't be surprised if you must ask 4 times for napkins or new silverware.  Lady at front desk will argue with you if your ticket is incorrect. Harrisburg deserves better than this - when some decent restaurants appear they may have a tough time.  Wish I could give a better review but sorry, H'burg Fam.  The truth hurts.
4	We'll I'm here, there was a long line to be seated but we didn't have to wait long.  The staff are quick and fast not much time to talk to you but that's okay. I had the breakfast (omlett, grits, saugage) and it was good. Only problem, the place is to small for this busy place.  I hope they look into expanding.  I will return.
4	Harrisburg Family house is awesome.  Great place to get some good food in Harrisburg.  This place is very simple, by no means culinary excellence, but they do have a very broad array of menu items- and the ones that I've tried have been very good.  Super affordable prices, specials everyday of the week.  Service is always very good.  The place does have a strange smell sometimes which I've not quite been able to identify, and is very small in size.  I would imagine that there is a wait during peak times.  The parking lot is completely full every morning during the weekday when I drive-by.
