4	Caveat: I've reviewed the Signature MGM itself separately, but my experience with Jet Luxury could be considered distinct enough from the property that it seemed to warrant a separate, different review. I found Jet Luxury through the Yelp Talk thread recommendations for VRBO.com -  I was searching for a nice suite accommodation on the cheap for a girl's weekend in Vegas. Jet Luxury was responsive and affordable for the Signature at MGM accommodations. I originally e-mailed my condo inquiries (a short list of questions about availability, price quote, and whether they'd require a deposit). The prompt response I receive didn't answer all my questions, but encouraged me to call to reserve two rooms. I reserved two rooms - a 1 bedroom and a junior, requesting that they be connected (to form one large room). Making a reservation was friendly and efficient, I'd received my confirmation/receipt within minutes of calling.Notes about reservations:- They do not require a deposit, however the room total is charged 3 days prior to your stay (and you must cancel 3 days prior to receive a full refund).- The confirmation and receipt are one and the same document. Having browsed other listings I knew generally that there was a SignatureMGM fee of $20 of day, plus taxes, and room cleaning charges. However, these additions aren't detailed on the receipt - your daily room rates are listed with a total.Notes during our stay:- Since Jet Luxury owns the condos separately, they also provide cleaning and housekeeping separately. Signature MGM could only provide check-in/out and room service assistance. If you needed extra towels or something additional you'd have to call and catch the housekeeping staff when the were on site (starting at 11am daily). Not a huge hassle but when we realized we would need an extra blanket at 11pm we were SOL until the next day.- Our 1bdrm had a washer/dryer in it, but no soap. We weren't staying long enough to bother, but if you do want to take advantage of the option, call in housekeeping to obtain it.- We were staying for three nights but the condo came with a day's supply of coffee. Oops!- Both the 1bdrm and studio units have pull-out queen sized beds. Jet provides basic bedding and a single blanket. With a full condo of girls and varying levels of temperature comfort we wished we'd realized the need for 1-2 extra blankets sooner!- Our 1brdm/studio adjoining rooms were located in Tower 3, on the 3rd floor. Not sure where all their condos on the Signature MGM property is located but just an FYI as it makes a difference for some. (Tower 3 is the farthest from the MGM Grand proper, but the closest to the Harmon St. gates.) - The condo was fully stocked - toaster, blender, pots+pans, utensils, etc. It was great to be able to cook breakfast and not have to leave the condo before we really needed to (aka after dark). - They were really responsive while we stayed - allowing us to check in early AND late.Overall, Jet Luxury made planning my 8-girl Vegas trip stress-free. I'd be more than happy to book through them on a return to Vegas or any other location they serve.
5	I love staying at the MGM Signature - everyone from the bellman to valet to the registration is very welcoming.  They promptly addressed any concerns or questions I had.  Love the fitness center, the kitchenette and gigantic bathroom with jacuzzi tub.  I don't feel like I am in Las Vegas while I am here.  I feel pampered and I have all the conveniences of home.  This is my second time staying and the first time reserving through Jet Luxury Resorts.  They make it so easy and much less expensive than going through MGM Signature.  They don't nickle and dime you either - they were willing to give me a later check out free of charge because no one had booked the room after me.  Since I was staying here to help out a sick relative - this kindness was extremely appreciated.  I defintely would book through JET every time I need to return.
4	My first visit was a 5*, but have to give a 3* because today they screwed up 2 of 3 rooms that we booked! I have called the Jet Luxury Resort, the booking agent @ 8:30 and have yet to receive a response.  I have called the front desk at the Signature @ MGM Grand, they acknowledge a mistake and have called Jet Resort on our behalf. They told me the Jet Resort "On Call" Person is not answering the phone. Say tuned in how they resolve this concern!Well, I called again this morning and was able to talk to the Operations Manager.  We came to a resolution and I trust they will come true at check out.   At this point, I will elevate to 4*'s.  Please standy by for more information.
4	Let's start off with checking in. There was a minor issue during the beginning which lead us to change our room to stay closer to our family since we needed 2 rooms. The decor in the rooms is a little less than exquisite. They provided 1 king bed and a jacuzzi bath with two separate sinks and a toilet of course, a separate bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink, and a sofa bed that isn't actually that springy, a fully accomodated kitchen with a dish washer, fridge and freezer. We rented a one bedroom suite I believe. Plenty of room for 3-5 people if you don't mind the snug. I am however under the age of 21 so I didn't experience drinking or gambling. There is an indoor direct path to MGM for those people who gamble and party excessively. I didn't use room service due to us staying only for two days. The bell boy was informative about the entire hotel. There is no club or casino located directly in the hotel so you would have to head to the MGM for those unfinished cravings. There are also 3 towers and I believe jet owns some rooms in each tower. My family didn't feel the need to eat at the hotel so food is unknown to me. However I think the bang was worth the buck an I hope this deal stays up in 5 months so I can enjoy my 21st here. Hope this helps!
2	I had booked a Penhouse Jr. Suite for my birthday and I had thought all the ones that were on the penthouse floor had balconies. Well most of them do but mine! I called Jet Luxury & they were nice about it but they had said they didn't have another Penthouse suite w/ a balcony. I was so disappointed. That was one of the reasons why I booked the room.  So what is the difference booking a Penthouse Jr. Suite room if there is no difference in a regular one? Absolutely nothing I tell you! The Penthouse name means nothing! The service at the Signature seems to vary from day to evening. We arrived around 5pm and the check in girl at tower two was rude & the check out lady in the a.m. was really nice. The valets were nicer in the day as well. We had been at the Signature for three days & both the security guard at the gate & valet rudely asked us where our pass was even after I showed them my room card with room number pamphlet, why would I have a room key if I wasn't staying there? Apparantly, they forget to give me a weekend parking pass when I checked in, probably was the rude check in girl that didn't give one to me.And Tower three is so far from the strip. The best way to go if you are going to walk to the strip is to walk from Tower three out on to the street and walk across to Planet Hollywood Westgate and walk through the valet parking and into their lobby to the Miracle Mile Shops and then onto the strip. Yeah that's the closest walk to the strip... LolThe pool wasn't crowded and the service out on the pool was good. I wanted to go to the lazy pool at the MGM but it was closed till next week. Dissappointed no. 2!I would probably book with Jet again but I hope they would be a little bit more detailed in describing their rooms.
4	This past weekend was my second time staying at the signature, however my first experience booking with JET. I must say that I would definately recommend to book with them! I reserved my 2 bedroom suite back in May for a bachelorette party in August. The price was just below $700 which is great for the space you get: 4 beds (2 pullout couches that are really comfy), 3 bathrooms (which is good when you have a lot of girls), the balcony off of the 1 bedroom which is nice to be able to get a breath of fresh air, the full kitchen and amazing views. My credit card was charged 5 days prior to arrival and could be refunded up to 72 hours before arrival.   When we checked in it was pretty busy but didn't take too long. The only minor problem/complaint I have would be that Jet didn't pre-warn me that a credit card would be required in order to have on file for any room damages  We didn't have one (the room was already pre-paid & I didn't really think that they would require one) so they just made it so that we couldnt watch any of the nice tv channels or make calls other than local. But we only used the tv for music and we used our cell phones. no big deal. Our luggage came up really fast & the guys were really nice and accomodating. We ordered room service for dinner (had it last time too) & the food is really good & fast! Our view was awesome, we were in tower 1 on the 17th floor in a corner room so we were able to see all of the strip, all of the towers personal pools & the mgm lazy river pool (which is SO FUN!) Overall it was a great stay, the only bummer was not being able to get a late checkout which would have helped with the hangover but it was a busy weekend so no biggie! Jet was able to accomodate us graciously and I will definately be booking again soon!!
3	Love the place, location and easy in and out. Only 2 complaints, get faster internet, email speed doesn't cut it anymore and vacuum the carpet completely, toe nail clippings from prior guests not cool.
4	I reviewed the signature separately.  I actually was not aware I was renting through jet, I found the rental on VRBO and didn't know they were related until i checked in a got the Jet paperwork.  I still had an overall great experience.  I worked with Leslie and she was always very prompt answering my emails.  She put me in touch with someone to help with our night time events planning and she was helpful.  I was able to opt to pay a little bit more to avoid paying for the room upfront, because it was a bachelorette party it was a better idea than fronting the money and then trying to collect from everyone.  I was able to collect everyone's money first then pay 3 days before check in.  Everything went incredibly smooth.  I have only one small complaint, I am assuming since its a private rental that carpet cleaning would have been handled separately from the rest of the Signature property and therefore be under Jet's responsibility, it looked like it had been a while since the property had been steamed.  It really didn't ruin my time.  The rates we found for the 2 bedroom penthouse with a kitchen were by far the lowest than any other option including two separate much smaller rooms in any of the other hotels.  I will definitely be using them again!
4	Let's start with the Awesome deal we got... 3 nights in the 1 Bedroom Penthouse Suite for $600. We booked thru Travel Zoo.The entrance makes you feel VIP. Gated Security was very professional. They ask for your name in which you made the reservation, checks the list, then gives you a parking pass.Valet was very professional and efficient. Unlimited Valet during the entire stay which is also included in the Resort Fee.Check-In was smooth however, we booked thru Jet Luxury Resort, so we could not actually Check-In until 3pm. So we had to wait about 20 minutes.Room was gorgeous. Our room was on the 32nd floor. 32-621 to be exact which is a large corner suite. Balcony view is awesome. Nice size bathrooms. Double sinks which is very necessary for me and my boo. Bed was very plush with the goose down pillows and comforter. Full kitchen with the top of the line Sub Zero fridge, dishwasher, microwave, Hamilton Beach blender, toaster, all the dishes, pots & pans, silverware and glassware that you would have at home. Very comfy!Maid service was very efficient. We had our Do Not Disturb light on the entire time we were there so housekeeping left a bag with fresh towels and water bottles everyday. Nice Touch! We had more than enough towels to use. When that red DND light is on, you will not be disturbed PERIOD! There is an actual doorbell for the suite too so if you are expecting a delivery or maintenance they already know to ring the bell.We had full access to ALL the pools at the MGM including the Lazy River. The drinks are very over priced. $8.65 for a Heineken... Let's just say $10. Are we really keeping the change. Going to the pool was very relaxin. More than enough space to find your own little section and lay out!CONS:There were no Robes or Slippers in the closet waiting for us. I was looking forward to putting mine on. I called Jet Luxury and the girl said we only get robes if we are the Owners. Later when I had the fallout with Mandy the "Operatilns Manager", I brought up the fact that we didn't have robes in the room. She said that they were available upon request... And we Still Never Got the Robes!There was an iHome in the room however it did not work that great! It had lots of static... Connector was damaged I believe.The Flat Screen TV in the bedroom did not pop up out of the desk. I guess the hydraulic lift was broken so we had to call maintenance. Took them about 20 minutes to arrive.The TV in the bathroom was completely broken. I would not even cut on. Called Jet Luxury to repair. My Boo wanted to watch the Football game while taking a shower. An hour passed by and still no maintenance. They said they would send someone right up. Never Happened! I then called Jet Luxury to speak to a manager. Ended up talking to the "Operations Manager" by the name of Mandy. She was very unprofessional. For some reason she didn't understand why we would be upset. I feel like for the money that was spent in the room, there shouldn't be anything wrong with the TV's. Besides who wants to spend their time in Vegas waiting on the Repair Guy? I'm not at home, I'm in VEGAS!Overall the experience was Great! Jet Luxury has very questionable Customer Service, even though their prices are very good. Will probably book directly thru MGM next time.
4	Got a deal from travelzoo for two nights in a penthouse suite for the signature at MGM grand for my boyfriends birthday. Sooooo glad I did it! Despite the amazing experience I had here, I think I would only book this place again for a special occasion because $350 for two nights in a hotel room kinda tugs at your pocket a little more than you'd prefer don't you think? The room was AWESOME! A king size bed with the most amazing mattress and pillows that put us to sleep like no other, a tv in the bathroom, a jacuzzi tub, a huge shower and a view overlooking the side of Vegas that faces away from the strip. The only two downfalls were there's no easy way to get to the middle of the strip besides walking a LOT, which really sucks in heels, or by taking the indoor walkway to MGM grand which lands you at one end of the strip. I guess this isn't a big deal if you have a car but we wanted to drink so we figured it'd be a good idea to walk. The other downfall was that they wouldn't let us check in any earlier than 3 pm. They said if we had any issues we would have to deal with it with someone over the phone that was in charge of the travelzoo vouchers. That woman wasn't able to help us out by getting us in any earlier either. Checkout is at 11 am. Very quite place cuz its off the strip but not too far. Definitely recommend if you want a romantic weekend getaway especially with that tub! Hehe
5	Well worth the walk from the MGM. Entry is next to the grand pool, so this spot is better in summer.
3	Im a hotel bouge. I work for the industry and tend to be very critical with hotels when I stay at them. First and foremost I will comment on the actual hotel itself. Beautiful. Charming and the rooms are very cozy. My boyfriend and I stayed here for my 30th birthday and Christmas 2012 and we loved that it had a small kitchen complete with everything you need to make your own food. A luxury we used twice. However, there is a lack of service here that needs to be pointed out. After our first night., housekeeping came in the middle of us having breakfast. I told them to come back in about an hour and we should be done. We got dressed and before we left the hotel, I called to request the room be serviced. When we came back, it was not serviced at all. All our dirty dishes and such were still hangin around. No towels refreshed. The next morning, we had to clean our own dishes before leaving. They have huge heavy doors at the main entrance and NO doorman helping open doors for women, elderly, or anything. People are forced to haul open these huge doors while carrying their luggage and such. Amenities and hotel comfort gets a 3 star review, but service lacks and loses two stars for it.
5	I really like it. I like it very much. This is the The Hotel version of Mandalay Bay. I will describe it as a Condotel rather than a suite. A suite, in my opinion, has a separate  bedroom. While The Signaturehas a kitchen (complete with pots and pans) and full size living room - it is an open concept. You can see your pillow as you microwave your hang over pizza from last night. Wifi network is fast - good for business travelers. The resort charges something like $ 25 to access pool and internet. But resort fee is common in Las Vegas hotels. Unless you're in Rio I guess. Concierge is typically awesome even though excellence customer service in Las Vegas has generally declined over the years (they should stop hiring miserable staff). There's a covered pathway to MGM casino and convention center from all Towers. So Ka Theatre and many restaurants inside are about 7 minutes away. Restaurants inside MGM are OK. Not great. Not bad. They're OK. I would go to Mandalay Bay or Caesar's Palace for nice dinners. Each tower has a heated pool and open seasonally. While those pools offer privacy, they don't give you a lot of opportunity for people watching. No flirting, sorry. If you want to party, be rowdy and be seen - go to the main pool together with the cattle class ;). So what's the verdict? If you like peace and tranquility at night, away from noisy frat kids, away from smoke, away from girls in four inch heels and rather far from casino, this is your place. Oh and if you're driving... this hotel is awesome. They only do Valet and pretty fast. I will come back again.
3	The positive: rooms are nice, bathroom huge, great tub and separate shower. Refrigerator in the room, also a microwave and little kitchenette (not that we would ever use it). The reasons we will never stay here again: the gated entrance is nice but a complete pain when you just want to pull up to the hotel instead of wait for gates and bars to open. There is only valet parking. It's nice to leave your car at the front door but there is no option for self park. That means you have to wait to get your car back. We were in tower 1 and valet doesn't open until 7am.  I know that is early for some people but for us it's almost late. We had to walk to tower 2 to have our car brought up. Yes, we tried calling for it the day before but that was too hard for them to figure out. All this car stuff is irrelevant if you can't stand the wait for traffic to actually move to be able drive into the hotel. We've been coming off Koval to Harmon and the traffic is insane. Walking to the Strip can be done thru the MGM - but get ready to walk and walk and walk. Your best bet is to walk up Harmon toward Planet Hollywood and City Center. The music from the pool seems to end around 6p, so you will have to provide your own entertainment after that. It's a lovely hotel but really, we will never stay here again. I'd rather pay a little more for the conveniences we want in a property on the Strip.
1	"So you paid 75.00 for a room and aren't happy? Is that what you're bitching about?" This is not a review of The Signature hotel which was amazing but of Jet Luxury Resorts services at the signature who own a portion of the rooms there via their timeshare program. We bought a Jet Luxury resorts deal via travelzoo.com. We paid 99 bucks a night plus tax and resort fees and stayed the weekend of 5/31/13 to 6/2/13.  So, I am thinking MGM Signature hotel, great deal....what can go wrong? I book two rooms and let Jet resort know we are a family. Fine, yes, we will accommodate they say.  Fast forward two months we get to the Signature property and check in.  I am told that our family will be in two separate towers. Floors I could have worked with but towers? I explain to the amazing Signature representative Stephanie who helped us that we needed to be in the same tower because we were a family with a baby and a senior and it would just be far more practical. She said that because our reservations were made via Jet we would have to call them to make any changes. I was given the number and called Jet resorts "Josh" picked up. I asked him if we could please be in the same tower he said he could not made it happen, I explained to him my dilemma and  mentioned to him that my original request was have rooms on the same floor. He said that they made the reservations a long time ago and it would not be possible. He then said he could cancel the reservation at that very moment and I could look for something in Vegas that "worked" for me. I told him I was standing in the lobby of the hotel and that was not realistic. His response? "So you paid 75.00 for a room and aren't happy? Is that what you're bitching about? I'll accept your apology for that". I told him where he could go and hung up on him. Here is the thing...we paid 550.00 for two rooms for two nights, yes it was a deal but never did I buy the verbal ABUSE and the douche-bag Josh with the deal. Who talks to people that way? I guess Jet Resort Reps do. I got off the phone and the signature resort rep was so apologetic and genuinely trying to ease my shaking nerves. I will never use this company again....I wish I would have logged in and read the bad reviews here because it would have thought twice about using a vendor and not the actual hotel...I recommend you stay clear of them. However, the Signature Hotel itself is a great hotel and will book directly through them. I am planning on reporting Josh to the Jet Management as well as the MGM Management Staff. 0 stars for Josh the Jet Resort Douche-bag, 5 for the actual Signature Hotel and 10 stars for Stephanie the beyond kind and professional service rep.
2	I'm rating 2 stars only because I received a follow up call from a gentlemen trying to do damage control after Josh got through with treating me like a royal pain in the backside.  I'm relieved that Josh treated me as a deadbeat...while I was in the process of making reservations.....saved me the grief of any complications with my request for adjoining suites....based on prior complaints.  Jet Luxury would benefit from firing Josh.  I own several companies - if any of my employees treated my clients the way Josh treats his, they would no longer have a job..I'm so happy I booked with Signature Rentals....they were the best!!
1	I will never book through these guys again.  I booked a weekend at the Signature at the MGM Grand and when I showed up at 8:30pm on Friday evening, I walked in to find that the room I had booked hadn't been cleaned at all.  Since Jet has their own housekeeping, I called them directly but could not get anyone on the phone to come clean the room.  When I went downstairs to the Signature front desk, the poor guy there rolled his eyes as if this happens all the time.  They spent half an hour trying to get someone from Jet on the phone and in the end, came out and put me up in one of their rooms for the night and billed Jet for the room, then we moved Saturday into the Jet room after the room had been cleaned.  It was incredibly frustrating to get in on a Friday and not have any point of contact to fix anything that might be wrong with the reservation.  It's a great deal at a wonderful hotel, but in the end, you're getting what you pay for.
1	The hotel suite was amazing since its roomy and clean at first. The management was horrible as the unit is owned by Jet Luxury Resort. First at check in they forgot to transfer our reservation to the hotel so we had to wait 30 minutes just to check in while our taxi was waiting outside charging us. Then the cleanliness was a disappointment. The housekeeping staff member came in who couldn't speak English. She did not make the bed or clean the washroom or the room. She changed the towels and garbage can. We tried communicating with her about cleaning the room, but she had no response. We called the manager and we were accussed of lying about finding our reservation during checkin in for 30 minutes. Management also showed no sympathy for our frustration as we stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and not a single day the hotel was cleaned. The 4rth night after much complaints to the manager, a housekeeper was sent to clean the room, and once again they changed the towels and garbage and left without cleaning the room. Our room was filthy with dirty washroom, dust and unwiped tables and kitchen counters. It was an extremely inconvenient part of the trip since we had to call the manager 3 times and there was nothing done to accomodate for the poor service. Our tv remote control was not working and the manager completely ignored the complaint and instead of accused us that most people try to take advantage by complaining so they can't do anything to accomodate. The MGM Signature hotel themselves apologized numerous time on behalf of Jet Luxury Resort and tried to accomodate us. For future, I will never recommend or book with Jet Luxury. Instead book directly with the hotel. It's better to have good service and pay more than go through poor management and horrible customer service. Oh, just to add, their sales representative "Josh" is a horrible worker. Horrible service and bad attitude. He is very unprofessional and no sense of service at all.
1	Disclaimer: this has nothing to do with MGM Grand or MGM Signature. This is for the company they have partnered with: Jet Luxury.i really really hate this company. 2 times I have stayed here. 1st time: they tried to charge you when you ask for each towels/pillows/duvets. WHO DOES THAT? THIS IS VEGAS. 2nd time: oh my. where do i start? oh yeah, I can start six months before the actual stay. We got a great rate through Jet Luxury for EDC weekend. My friend and I booked two rooms on two separate cc's. I called and asked twice to be placed in connecting rooms, or at least on the same floor. They said of course, will do and i called again the week of to confirm, and behold, they said confirmed. Well, we got there, and guess what? they booked us 1 night short and put us in completely different towers. they gave us the usual BLAH BLAH BLAH EDC TOO HECTIC. hmm, they even said there was no note, so wait, are you calling me a liar now?After we found that out, I asked the front desk to help me call and reach the person in charge. They gave me a 24/7 number and well it wasnt. It was thursday night at 1am on the busiest weekend of the year and I can only reach a freaking voice mail. ok fine. I will call back on Friday morning. We called back, the lady was rude and unhelpful, making my gf say this is the worst time in vegas ever. NO ONE EVER HAS A BAD TIME IN VEGAS. ONLY IF YOU BOOK WITH JET LUXURY @ MGM SIGNATURE THATS HOW. I wrote an email after that to Mandy Frangella, Director of Operations, who front desk promised to return my email by Sunday morning, when my check out was Monday morning. Well currently, it is the Thursday after that, and no response at all. You all can read my email below. I copied it over. On top of that, we thought it was the busiest weekend of the year, and so why do you only have 1 bell hop working?????? I DONT UNDERSTAND YOU. we waited 45 mins for a bell boy, and we called twice and you said he was on his way twice. We said forget it, we went straight downstairs and grabbed my own bags. Ridiculous, DO NOT BOOK WITH THESE FRAUDS. They have done nothing but create more issues in a city where I SHOULD NOT HAVE ONE FREAKING WORRY. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. shoulda just spent more money and stayed ANYWHERE ELSE.------------June 20, 2014Dear Mandy,We are currently staying at MGM Signature and this whole experience has been a nightmare. Never have I ever been so appalled at the way we were treated by a Las Vegas Hotel or by any hotel in general. My first issue with Jet Luxury Resorts is that I called twice to confirm that my friend Andy and me be in connecting rooms. You said that during electric daisy carnival it will be difficult. I agreed, but asked kindly twice that it be on the same tower. The lady on the phone said she would make a note that we would be ON THE SAME FLOOR. I called again closer to the time of the reservation, and your rep confirmed that note. So after this whole checkin fiasco last night, my girlfriend spoke to your rep and she said there was no note. So am I a liar or did your company swindle me??? It is currently 11:13 am on a Friday, all I am asking is that your company move us to the same tower. I am sure you have rooms that people have confirmed but have not checked in to. Please move us into those rooms immediately. My other issues with the MGM/Jet Luxury iS when your website says reservations phone line is 24/7, we called on Thursday night/ Friday morning at 1am and no one was there. Even the front desk helped me called they were confused. When we checked in, the computer said we only had reservations for Friday-mon when Your confirmation email said Thursday-mon.You may say we started off on the wrong foot, but I believe that we pretty much tripped and fell at the starting line. I know your company can do something, but with this lack of inactivity and the quality of your customer service, you need to compensate my experience here. It is an absolute mess. My friends and I were supposed to have a beautiful and fantastic weekend, but your company has ruined all of that. You need to email me or call me. Thank you.Regards,Nelson Zou
