1	(  o  ) (  o  )    Boobies = cool.   Hooters = stupid crappy place.   Food sucks. Chicks are stupid. Having some cleavage showing does not give them a free pass when it comes to poor service.   I didn't pick this place, a buddy of mine did.  That bastard, I might not talk to him anymore.  I never understood the pantyhose with the shorts, what no talent ass clown in upper management came up with that brilliant marketing ploy?
2	The patio at this Hooters is a nice, relaxed spot to throw back a few beers during the day. There is no shortage of televised sporting events or bright orange butts, so that doesn't leave a whole lot to complain about unless you happen to order food.
4	Ive been to a few Hooter restuarants and have not been impressed, but I have to say this one changed my mind. We had a group of 25 people so at first I didnt expect the service to be all that great, but I was pleasantly surprised with the great service we had. The ladies were very friendly, fun, and attentive. We had a fun crowd so Im not sure if that help open up the fun atmosphere and the waitresses. We all cracked jokes and they welcomingly chimed in, making for a fun experience .As far as food goes, it was actually pretty good. First I had the naked hot wings that lived up to the hype. They were very good. Then I had the bacon chesse burger which was good as well.All in all my experience here was fun and memorable.
1	Worst service I have ever had at a hooters restaurant. Order took 20min and it was wrong! Totally disorganized staff. What a joke! It was like watching a "Hell's Kitchen" episode! LOL!!!
3	It's pretty good, just a little crowded.
3	Fried Pickles!
4	They have new girls, bartender is cute and Elizabeth... is hotty....To be honest I really enjoy the Wings...and every time I go, my table is available.
4	$3.50 you call its on Thursdays! YES PLEASE!!!!!Okay... so it's hooters. So the quality of food is hooters quality (aka greasy, not great quality, and can be pretty bland).But the girls are hotter here because they actually TRY. The service is always great. The managers know what they're doing and it's clear that they work their butts off to make this place an awesome place to hang out and to come back to.Would love to see more TVs though. I understand that people come to gawk at girls, but I come to gawk at games.
1	We went there last weekend, it was very loud and the food was poor.  The fish taco's were poor, the fish must have been old and not fresh.  We will never go there again
1	Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  First time at a Hooters.  I had heard the food was great, especially the Steamers.  No steamers on the menu.  I ordered Mahi tacos.  Two tacos, 8 dollars.  No sides, just tacos.  The worst food I have ever had.  Smelled fishy, tasted fishy......which means OLD fish.  I ate one because I was hungry, but felt sick all evening.  I had to take a bite of my husbands Burger to get the fish taste out of my mouth.  I ate a few of his fries, would have eaten more, but they were dry and cold like they had been sitting under a heat lamp way too long.  WE WILL  NEVER GO TO A HOOTERS AGAIN. !!!MH
3	This isn't my favorite Hooters to go to even though it's the closest location to me. I only resort to coming here if I'm doing a take-out order to get my wing fix (breaded/hot or naked/911)! I don't really know what it is about this particular Hooters but I don't care much for dining in here. Other than that, I guess it'll do!
5	This is the best Hooters location I've been to in AZ!Server: DesireeTime & Date: Thursday Nov. 27th at around 6pm Environment: Very clean, and the outside patio has the comfiest seats too! Service: I've been to several Hooters before, and being a woman it can be a little awkward at times. I have either encountered the stuck up servers who can't remember or get an order right to save their life and I've also had the servers who try to invade my personal space while calling me "sweetie" or "hun" for a better tip. Finally I have arrived at a place where they treat you like normal human beings! My waitress was so kind, she opened conversation not by "what do you want to drink" and rushing away but by approaching me with a smile and a "how was your day". And I can tell you that after a long day at work that was really refreshing to see and that kind of customer service goes a long way. She was also very attentive, checking several times to make sure our food was hot and to our liking and that our drinks were always filled. The manager even stopped by to see how everything was.Great service and I will definitely be back!Thank you!
2	I went to Hooters in FLA when they first opened and thought they had the best chicken wings ever. Unfortunately, ever since they became really popular, I haven't been able to repeat that experience in the ensuing 15 years and 30+ states. I have to preface this review by stating that I'm wicked fussy about my chicken. The wings aren't awful, but they are not the best either. They were moist, but the coating was somewhat hard in places and there were rubbery tendons inside (like a rubber band between your teeth). I have NEVER had wings that still had the "tips" attached and these did along with a few quills broken off inside them. The service was OK and the food came quickly. Chik-A-Fil, Popeyes or good ol' KFC is a bit better though.
5	We are quickly becoming regulars here. The patio is always nice even when it's 100 out due to the great misters and nice seating. Service is always great and they actually have a couple great healthy menu options now, the shrimp and spinach salad is probably one of the best salads I've ever  had! Lots of good beers on tap as well!
2	I really hate their food. Everything is disgusting. The wings, the shrimp, the oysters, EVERYTHING. We went there and I love fish and chips so I ordered it. One bite and I was done. It was awful. Puke worthy awful. I ended up only eating the curly fries that came with it. Anyway, the manager noticed I didn't eat any of it, so he decided to take it off our bill which was super nice. It was one star food, but because the manager was nice enough to acknowledge the fact that I didn't like it so I shouldn't have had to pay for it, was why they got another star. Way to go on customer service!
3	Everyone knows what to expect when they go into a Hooters.  Visiting from L.A. after being at the Cards/Rams game that day, I went in to watch the Sunday night game and have a little dinner.  I was pleasantly surprised by someone who waited on me.  But not in the way you may think.My waitress was Chyra. A nice person and very attentive.  She had a few recommendations on the menu and always had my drink filled.  As I ate and watched the game, she continually asked if I was good, which I appreciated.  I had noticed some of, though not all, the other girls that were working were just standing around talking to each other.  Some to the same customers for long periods of time.  In fact, I did see a couple walk in, were seated in the back and after a certain amount of time of neglect, they walked out.  I was very disappointed in seeing this.  Not saying it was intentional, but bothersome just the same.While some girls were standing around, I noticed Chyra continually working and staying busy, not just serving customers but cleaning tables, stocking, checking things and whatever it takes to justify having a job.  You could tell this young girl has a good work ethic and it was great to see.  I would hope that this review is seen by management and she is considered for advancement.My shrimp po boy was pretty good, as was the cheesecake Chyra recommended. Keep up the good work.  Good place to catch some sports. But debatable on whether I would return.
2	Scenery nice, food meh.
2	Worst Customer Service! Visiting out of town for the Super Bowl with family! We ordered over phone 50 wings and we showed up 10mins before pick up time. The girl was very rude saying "omg what's the name!?" It was under my boyfriends name. She said our order wasn't ready yet! 20mins later our wings are finally ready! We go through them and none of them have the sauces we ordered! The girls were very rude as they stomped back in the kitchen. We take them back to our family's house and the wings taste horrible! Let's just say we will NEVER come back to that one! The hooters in Vegas is the best! The girls looked like they were 15 years old and acted like it too! Vegas hooters girls are way nicer and hotter! Hire girls that don't look under age!
5	Wednesday is Wingsday!!! All you can eat $12.99 And my server was the best! Crystal was so attentive, friendly, and kept are drinks topped off. I'm good w that. See ya next week Crystal!
4	I do takeout almost every Wednesday for the boneless wing platter day. By the time I get home my food is still hot and fresh (just the way I like it). It always has the right amount of crunch and sauce. To me, their wings are better than Buffalo Wild Wings.
1	Absolutely worst food I have had in a long time. The wings were inedible, not the way they were cooked, but because the quality and standard of product is sub par! With chicken blood pockets are to b expected but to bite into a wing that was completely black due to the cooked blood was repulsive! I am a bartender at a sports bar down the road who has been in this industry for over 10 years and I have never seen nor worked at an establishment that would serve such trash as the wings we ordered. The wings are half the size as the wings I serve at my current bar or any where else I have ordered wings. They are overpriced and would not even think of serving them to my dog!  I will never be back or go to any hooters ever again!
3	Had a nice family outing at Hooters, and was overall happy. The Texas burger was decent,  and I liked it on the Texas toast instead of a bun. I made the mistake of having my wings breaded, which is my own fault, but they were still cooked well and tasted good. The service was good, and we all know what the scenery is like.....two thumbs up!We found that on Saturday's kids eat free, which may not save a tone of money but it did free up enough to get a couple of beers. They actually have a fairly good selection of beers on tap. All domestics, a bunch of imports, and even some from smaller breweries. I went with the double chocolate and it was GOOD!
3	We like to go to hooters for the All you can eat wings.I wasn't impressed with their with all the wings this time.  Each time they came out different, one order came out with the perfect amount of sauce, and the next time they came out drenched and swimming in it.  Seems to be no consistency.  Girls were friendly as they always are, they need to work for their tips.  Lots of families in this location this time.  Most children under 12 I have seen in a Hooters.It is family friendly!  :)
4	Great experience for the NFL DRAFT on Thursday night. Food was good, service was great!!!!!! Thank you Crystal!
2	The staff is awesome, and you could not ask for friendlier people. However, I have been coming to this place for about four years. The food quality has been steadily going down hill. The wings and portions are getting smaller and more expensive. The quality of the wings rates to barely edible. This place needs to get another food vendor, because the quality is horrible. Then retrain the staff to get the order right. The last time I went there, the food was overcooked to the point the meat was dehydrated, greasy, and made my stomach sore for a few days. The ambiance, and the staff are great. The management needs to get a better food vendor, and have his people step it up in the kitchen.
5	I only come here for the wings, I have not had better wings anywhere else. If you like wings, come here, especially on Wednesdays when they have all you can eat wings!
3	Meh. If you are looking for a sports bar with the older groups I guess this is your place. Food is ok. I do like the many sauces you can pick from. They need to freshen up their menu and get some variation. The staff was super friendly, fast and attentive.
5	Great service at the bar by beautiful ladies that actually hold a conversation with you for a little while. Fantastic wings after I asked for them well done and with extra sauce. Great experience!
1	First time going to a hooters joint other than Vegas locations. Very attractive looking servers...but thats about it. I was unlucky to discover that my 9th wing out of 10 was undercooked with chicken juice...yuk its been over a day and i feel sick to the stomach still. My waitress was a very nice girl but is uneducated or is she an air head she laughed at me when i showed her the bloody chicken. She was like...oh my god...bahahahaha..! I am a waitress myself and i just could not understand her behavior. Doesnt she know the basic health code? She has a health card...duh..Asked her carefully to have her manager out to my table. Same...same..same.. He had his hands in his pocket. Looked very bothered. Insisted to me that it is the tendon. I squized the blood juice out of it and showed and he just asked. "So what do you want?" I told him they were very lucky that it was my 9th wing. If it were to be my first few wings(?) whats. Up. Ugh. He made me feel like some cheap customer asking for a free meal. I told him i just dont want to come back. And told him how they dealt with this situation was very unprofessional. Sarcastically. He gave me a 2 dollar discount. And his waitress circled the 2.dallor off and wrote thank you! On it. Haha. He tossed a 10 dollar off coupon saying if u want.. Blah blah after his insulting 2 dollar discount. Something similar happened to me about 5 years ago at wingstop. They closed down a few month later. Man. Cook and treat your chicken right!!!!
1	Absolutely useless. If you are interested in waiting 35 mins for food when there are 13 people in the restaurant...then this is the place for you! Better yet go on a Wednesday and get the all you can eat wings. You can get 10 and hopefully that's  all you can eat because that's all you will get. Like Chris angel your server will disappear and not bring you anymore. The most awesome part is that your wings will be dry. The problem with this restaurant is the manager is a 40 year old virgin and had no control over the women he manages. They bat their eyes and wave their "magic orbs" and he shuts up. It looks like he has tried to improve this place but like a said its hard to enforce rules when there might be that 2% chance. NEVER AGAIN!
