4	I recently got into an accident and needed some small repairs done to my vehicle. State Farm was covering it and I was told to pick a repair center from their website and this one was the closest to my place. They were extremely friendly. Troy, the main owner I believe, was the one who spoke to me about the repairs. He joked with me that along with the parts needed there also needed to be some new seat covers ordered (I have Steelers and Red Sox seat covers.) I take the car in Monday for the repairs to be done and I look forward to bantering with him again. Great, hospitable service.
5	Car got hit in a parking lot, Kustom was easy to deal with and did good work.  They had the car clean and all fixed up when they said they would.
5	This place is great! They kept me updated the whole time about the process on my car, Troy was very helpful. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	My 2012 Honda got into a fight with a bowling ball in the garage and lost.  I brought my car to Kustom Koachworks and they assured me it would look like the incident never happened.  The car was brand new and I was devastated.  Every body there was very professional and friendly, but most important the work done on my right front door was excellent.  There is no evidence of it ever happening and due to the fact that I had to pay out of pocket due to the incident happening in my garage and having a high deductible, I found the bill more then fair.  Thank you Kustom Koachworks for a job well done.
5	OK; I'll preface this by my never having a personal vehicle fixed at KustomKoachworks. That stated; they frequently sublet vehicles to where I used to work, I aligned them and in some cases I diag'ed and replaced defective parts. KK's work is decent and that's high praise coming from an alignment tech. :)
5	This review is  way overdue;  my friend and I were in Death Valley and had a flat tire on our rented vehicle.  Wondering what we were doing to do about it, the owner of Kustom Koachworks came over (he was also visiting Death Valley) and offered to help.  To say we were grateful for the time he took to change the tire would be to understate our appreciation.  And he wouldn't take any money for the effort involved.  So we thanked him and offered to write a review which speaks to his humanity and kindness!
5	This is more a review on their level of customer service then their actual body work. I was driving through Tempe when I ended up hitting a piece of tire on the freeway and this was the closest place that was open on a Friday afternoon. I was on a road trip and Tempe was only a pit stop so I didn't have time to get any real body work done.  They spent 10 to 20 minutes looking at it to make sure everything was still running and removed the plastic under the car that was dragging on the ground.  They did it all for FREE.  Much thanks to these guys, They're lifesavers!
5	I was referred here through State Farm's repair program, even though the problem with my car was not accident related.  I was worried that the problem would be horribly expensive, but turns out it was just the tread separating on my tire.  Kustom Koachworks had it figured out in under 5 minutes, slapped on the spare tire, gave me free access to their Keurig coffee maker, and sent me on my way, free of charge (which just blew me away, the Kia dealership charges $65 just to look at the damn thing).  The employees were charming and really set my mind at ease.  I'll definitely come here if I ever need serious repairs done (knock on wood).
1	I hate to ruin a five-star rating but as a repeat customer I was very disappointed with the customer service I received here.  I came in for an estimate.  After 3 days I called I see if estimate had been submitted and was told they were having trouble with the insurance company's website. 8 days later insurance still had not received the quote from KK and when I called to find out why, I was told my rep was at lunch and would return my call.  That was 2 weeks ago. Never called me back. No worries. I guess they didn't need my business.  I took it elsewhere.
5	I have had work done here a few times and each time I am very impressed with the workmanship and customer service. This is a family owned business and I like giving them my business. I feel like their prices are reasonable for the quality of work they do, and the work is always completed within the time frame they quote me.One time when I got my vehicle back after being worked on, I noticed a small chip that hadn't been there before - I hate being "that customer", but it bugged me, so I called them up and they were extremely cool about it, told me to bring it back right away and they would take care of it. The lady I was working with explained to me that they take detailed photos before and after, so they can verify the condition of the vehicle when it comes in and leaves. They truly put their customers first and it really shows.
