2	Meh. Just passing through and stopped for a bite..place wasn't busy on a Friday dinner service which is a bad sign. Seemed dingy/ slightly dirty. My Skinny Margarita was yummy though.
2	Pretty average trip on a Friday night.  No wait which was nice, or an indicator of just okay dining? Either way...our service was good, maybe overly friendly, but better that than searching for him and he was apologetic for us having to wait for our food longer than expected for a near empty section!  Our appetizer was the way over greasy would never get again Potato Twisters...basically deep fried chips with a greasy dip...just yuck!  I got a cheeseburger that was a little pinker than I like it but tasty overall, he got a skillet of steak, potatoes and onions that was VERY hot and sizzling everywhere...what a mess although the flavor he said was good.  Not impressed at this visit, but based on previous trips I'd give them another chance...perhaps a different location...
1	Crapplebee's is right!  I joined a colleague here for a quick lunch and I'll likely not make that mistake twice.  The service was minimal, the restaurant was dirty and the food was horrible.  My salad was filled with wilted lettuce and my water tasted funny.  I could have gotten a better salad from McDonald's at half the price.  Don't waste your time.
2	Me and my roommate have been to this applebees a few times but this last time was pretty bad,  We ordered the green bean chrispers, chicken tenders plate and  the oriental half salad.  Green bean chrispers were very over cooked as well as the chicken tenders to were i couldn't really eat them. the waitress was nice at first and then randomly she walks by sets the check on the table like i had made her mad and walked off with  out a word. Made me feel like a "get the hell out" from here. We WERE going to order desert but after that we decided against it. Bad service over cooked food.
5	I always sit at the bar they take better care of you.  Karl and Stevie always make sure I am taken care of.  WE LOVE TO STOP IN BEFORE A MOVIE ACROSS THE STREET!!  Quick in and out with a smile!
1	I can't believe this place!! My husband and I went here just last Saturday night. We were looking forward to it since we have two little ones and time alone is precious. We got there and I can say that I understand it's Saturday night and about 11 so I am giving them the benefit of the doubt as to the cleanliness of the floors and stuff. We thought it was cool that they have "tablets" on the table now so we ordered our apps with the tablet and then the server came over. "What y'all drinking?" Ummmm hello. How are you? Ok so two strikes by this point. Next thing I know the server, our server, is cleaning a table next to ours and she takes a broom that has probably been in the store for at least 5 years and sweeps the table top off. There was only like two straw wrappers and maybe a lemon wedge on the table. She just took that old nasty broom and swept the table top!!  CHECK PLEASE. I have worked in this business since I was 14 and even then I would have never did this. Ridiculous. Called the manager and cancelled our order. If she can do this in front of us and about 5-6 other tables there is no telling what she is doing in the back when we can't see her. NEVER going here again. Disgusting.
1	The service here is lacking. The food is below par at best. I can honestly say this place should be avoided.
1	Second visit. First time long wait but plenty of open tables. This time I was seated with no waiting. The new drinks were good but my meal took forever to arrive. No forks no knives. Meal was cold. This experience was a $80 slap in the face.
1	Been here a few times and everything has been pretty mediocre. Decided to try again last night and service was horrendous. Server took over 15 minutes to take our drink order and told us 3 times he'd be right with us then never stopped. Our dessert was brought to the wrong table and it took over 10 minutes for our server to notice. The food was average at best and the triple chocolate meltdown tasted like a frozen and then microwaved cake with a lot of artificial chocolate syrup. Will not be coming back to this location unfortunately.
2	The server Julia was HORRIBLE!!!  Our server got to us about 5-8 min after we arrived. The app came out burnt sent it back. After returning 2 apps. Finally saw the GM she was awesome and very accomidating and nice. She made it right. That is the only reason it is 2 stars.
