5	As I'm sure a lot of females out there are, I am sort of a serial nail salon go-er. When it's time for a new pedi, I simply look for the nearest shopping complex to what ever area I happen to be in and find something with the word "nails" in it. That is until I discovered Shea Nails. A friend recommended them one time and I was in the area so I stopped in. At first, it appeared to be like any other nail place I had been in, a rectangle shaped salon with nail desks and chairs lined up on the wall. This, however, was such a different and pleasant experience!!! All of the tools that they use were individually packaged, by far the most sterile salon I have been to. They were friendly and didn't just speak in another language the entire time. They spent plenty of time pampering me and my perfectly polished little toes were the happiest they have ever been!Never again will I be a serial nail saloner!!!
5	Phenomenal service! My friend and I went to get our mani/pedis during our lunch break, so we needed something fairly quick. She had been there before and swears by them, so I was happy to try them out as well. We walked in and, like the other reviewer stated, it appears to be the same format as any other salon. Massage chairs, nail polish, etc. etc. After I chose my nail color they were ready for me. A wonderful young woman named Tran did my nails and I am thrilled. It has been 2 months since I got my nails done and I had a terribly painful hangnail on my thumb (which feels 80% better now!), but the job she did was wonderful. The people there are very personable and fun to talk to AND they did a hot stone massage of my legs and feet (YAY!). I will definitely return, since they are so close to my job and I know that they can take care of my needs well within my lunch hour. Great job Shea Nails! Thank you!!! :)
5	I just tried out this place for the first time and I had the best manicure and pedicure I've had in years. And I went on my due date for our first baby--not the most comfortable I've ever been in my life. The place is extremely clean and friendly. The girl that did my nails massaged my legs for about 10 minutes each- I could have taken a nap while she was working on me. She was also really friendly, but not overly talkative so, it was really a relaxing experience. Plus, I could understand everything she said, and there wasn't any annoying chatter among themselves, where you're wondering what they're saying about you. I will absolutely be going back there again. I made an appointment for the same day, but really, it wasn't necessary if you had 10 minutes to wait. Best $35 (for both, minus tip) I've spent in quite a while. This is my new go-to nail place- you can't go wrong here.
5	There are so many nail salons to choose from, but Shea Nails is my number 1 pick.  The experience is by far the best...the atmosphere, cleanliness, massage chairs and friendly staff...I choose not to go anywhere else.
2	After reading the reviews here on Yelp, I decided to try Shea Nails. The salon IS very clean, uncluttered and soothing in appearance. The manicurists do speak English, and don't talk about you (or someone else!) in another language, which is a nice change.However, the quality of my mani/pedi was very mediocre. My nails were shortened (too much) and painted with a clear polish, which started peeling off the next day (it was all off that same day).My pedicure was very lame--one of my nails has a jagged edge (which tore off when I put my socks on) and there was very (as in VERY, VERY) little exfoliating of my feet. The massage on my feet was nice, but really? If you don't do the nails properly, is there any reason to be there? Won't go back....there are better salons that do quickie services....
5	After relocating to the Scottsdale area I tried several nail salons and never found one I would make a return visit to, until I found Shea Nails! It is extremely clean, it has a lovely atmosphere and the staff are polite and do a very good job. I have pink and whites and Martin does an excellent job. Pedicures I get done by one of his employes, all of whom I would recommend.Prices are competitive with the area and all in all it is a treat to go!
5	Awesome! Super friendly staff. They talk to customer and not each other (picture classic Seinfeld episode). They do a great job, spend tons of time on you and the prices are great!
3	Smaller and less organized than Scottsdale Nails II, but I really like Tran's work.  She's friendly, efficient, and can either chat you up, or leave you alone, and she's not snobbish like most of the Asian nail artists I've encountered recently; In all of the years I've gone to Asian salons in the U.S., I never felt slighted when the staff speak to each other in their native Vietnamese, but for some reason, here in Scottsdale, I just feel like they're judging everyone when they lower their voices while switching to their native language and laugh afterwards.  Well, Tran is like a breath of fresh air!  Ambience is a little dated, and guests should be greeted w/ enthusiasm and hospitality more consistently.  Otherwise, I'd give a higher rating and come here exclusively.
4	I must say that it is difficult to find a nail salon in Scottsdale that is affordable for a pedi.The staff is very nice.  They go a great job on the pedis.  I have yet to be disappointed walking out of there.I just wish they were a little better with managing their time.  It seems that no matter what day/time I go in there, I wait at least 30 minutes (I'm never late for my appointment) before someone gets to me.Other than that, they are all fantastic.And they always give their clients a bottle of water.....for free.  How many salons can you say that about?
5	I am the pickiest client of all time!  My nail tech "retired" to be an artist (she was extraordinary) and I had to find someone who could match her in talent.  It took me a couple of months and I finally heeded the advice of a dear trusted friend who told me that Martin of Shea Nails is the best!  She is right!  It took him no time to get the look I love down, and he is precision perfect when it comes to doing the whites of my pink and whites!  I have naturally ugly nails, like the illusion of a longer nail bed, and he "nailed it"!Today I went in for my first pedicure there! OMG! It was truly one of the most relaxing experiences I have ever had. I asked for the works -- and it was worth every dime. It is much less expensive than the "high falootin" salons in N. Scottsdale, and they really do pamper you! The salon is clean, uncluttered, and very comfortable.  No rock music, no hairdryers, no women dressed to the nines who think they are God's gift. To those who think they are always waiting, I suggest you take the first appointment in the morning or the last appointment of the day so that you can call ahead to see how they are running so you don't have to wait.
5	During my second trip to visit my family in Scottsdale, my little sister and I wanted to get pedicures. We had seen Shea Nails before and the reviews seemed good so we made an appointment and went in. The atmosphere was nice, very clean and modern unlike a lot of other nail places I've been to. The chairs were massage chairs, big and comfy. The girls who did our pedicures were very nice! They complimented me on my foot tattoo and seemed genuinely interested in making friendly conversation with us. On many occasions I've gone for a pedicure and spent the whole time listening to the nail techs talk in another language to each other and laugh. I've gotten used to it but that doesn't change the fact that it's rude. This didn't happen at Shea Nails! We got just a standard pedicure which even included a hot stone massage on your feet/legs! Plus, to top it all off it was  very cheap. Thanks for the awesome pedicures Shea Nails, I will definitely be a returning customer when I'm in the area :)
5	I went to Shea Nails today for the first time and I loved it!  I work 5 mins away and went in for a pedi on my lunch break, most relaxing lunch break ever.  I walked in and was promptly and warmly greeted, the place is very pretty and clean.  I had my pedi with a lovely young woman named Megan, she did a wonderful job and was very pleasant.  I will definately return  and recommend them to all of my co-workers.
2	I'd say 2.5 stars...I've downgraded them a bit after giving the mani/pedi a look over in teh days following :( Friday night after my class and my re-scheduled hair appointment I found myself dying for a 9 month overdue mani/pedi. I just searched for places near DSW as I had a coupon burning a whole in my purse and came up with a few places near by, but this one was the absolute closest. I popped on over and saw they were only open for another 30 mins so I asked if they could do a mani/pedi in that time. They were a little reluctant but ended up saying it was okay. I really wanted a gel polish one but I know how long those can take so i didn't bother asking. The service was nice and the gals did talk to me; although they also busted into laughter a few times while speaking Korean so even though I feel fairly certain it wasn't about me it's hard not to be paranoid.They did a decent job; I would've probably been pickier on asking for my nails filed down more and such but I was just so thankful to get someone to take me that I just sat back and relaxed. The place is clean and everyone was very friendly but when I got some time to really study my nails/toes later I wasn't very happy. My nails weren't filed much (should've spoken up I suppose) and as someone else stated the top coat on my pedi was too thick and started to peel/chip off pretty quickly; usually pedis last me over a month. They also did a shoddy job of filing/shaping my toe nails - there were several I had to go back and file down for fear of cutting myself!
1	I stopped getting mani/pedis months ago (6 months or more) when the male manager mistreated me due to what I understood was his assumption that I worked for Yelp.  On that fateful day, my favorite nail tech, Tran, was busy with another customer, so he had offered to start on my nails, as they needed surface drilling/buffing to get the old gel polish off (I LOATHE using acetone nail remover, they leave my fingers very cold, and very dry.  Not to mention, my nail beds hurt the rest of the day.  Keep in mind that acetone is very easily absorbed through skin (nail tissue is another skin layer!), and enters the bloodstream and subsequently negatively affects the kidneys of both the technician's AND the customer's!  Frequent acetone use may and can lead to kidney damage!)The manager asked me to take a seat at his station, and as I sat down, he also sat down and he reached over to grab the white towel that was already on the table and took it away.  He then placed a flyer down on the table in front of me, and wouldn't you know it, I saw that it was a large postcard with some sort with Yelp logo and advertising on it.  I asked him why he was using that instead of the towel, and he said nothing and did not offer any further explanation- he just asked for my hands.  I felt like he was being a bit rough as he cleaned my cuticles, poking the corners here and there, and almost cutting the skin too closely- just enough for it to hurt.  I asked him if he could be more gentle and careful.  It was when he applied too much pressure with the drill, to the point that I had to draw my hands back because my nail beds were painful from the heat and pressure that I told him "I do not work for Yelp, in case that is what you're thinking.  I only write reviews on Yelp, and I've been mistaken for working for Yelp before, so if you're mistreating me because Yelp is pressuring you to do something you don't want to, please don't take it out on me."  He said he didn't think I worked for Yelp... So I asked him again why then did he take the towel away and placed the Yelp postcard on the table to catch nail and cuticle cuttings, and why was he too rough?  He kept working on my hands, and again drilled too deeply that I felt pain, so I told him that I didn't care how long it was going to take Tran to finish with her current customer, but that I wanted him to stop and I was going to wait for her to take care of me.Tran finally was able to do both manicure and pedicure, but we finished past closing time.  I told Tran I adored having her work on me, but that this would be the last time she'll see me.  Prior to this visit, I was a steady customer at least every three weeks- my field of work makes it necessary that my hands look great, as they are always in view of both coworkers and guests- and sometimes the gel polish would only last two weeks, so sometimes I'd see her sooner.  Each visit translated to about $65 or $70, including a 20% tip.  I could not, and WOULD NOT come back to spend my hard-earned dollars after being treated so cruelly by a misguided manager who would not listen to my concerns.Tran-- I sincerely hope you've since left this employer.  You deserve to work with a more positive management who will treat both its employees and the customers who pay for the rent, utilities, supplies, and your paychecks with courtesy and respect.
5	By far one of the cleanest independent nail salons you will find (i.e., outside of a resort or spa).  The staff is very nice and pleasant to speak with.  In the numerous time I have been there, I have not felt as if they were talking about me or other patrons (as you will find at many nail salons).  I have received a variety of manicure and pedicure services (from basic mani to gels / basic to upgraded pedi).  They are efficient and always do a very nice job.  As an aside, I was running late for an appointment one evening and when I arrived, I offered to reschedule one of my services so I would not keep them after hours.  They were very nice and told me that they are typically there for approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour after they close to clean and prepare for the next day.  They allowed me to stay after they closed to ensure my nails were dry before I left.
1	This was my first time at this salon and it will surely be my last.  Yes, the place is very clean and has an enormous selection of polishes.  But that's where it ends.  My nail tech spoke barely one word of English.  Another tech had to speak with her in their native language to guide her.  My pedicure was very good; the chair cumfy and her massage wonderful.  But, oh, what an awful manicure!  I left there with no two nails shaped the same, and with polish coming off (even though I sat under the dryer).  My cuticles were butchered!  And when she was doing the manicure, her feet were touching mine in a way that caused the toe polish to smear off on several nails; she had to redo them.  I have never had an experience like this, nor do I want to again!
1	Something sad has happened to Shea Nails. My first review for this place was five stars because I went there almost monthly for a good year and was always thrilled about my experiences. The last three times I went there it was a completely different experience. I used to never have to wait when I had an appointment for a pedicure ahead of time and the last handful of times I waited at least half an hour to even sit in the chair. Then they leave you there to soak your feet and nobody comes back to start the pedicure until the water is cold. They rushed through the pedicures and it just felt like the attention to detail was gone. Plus I'm not a fan of sitting around in cold water for an hour waiting either...it's a shame because I used to really like Shea Nails. I gave them three strikes and now I won't be going back.
1	I've been here a few times in the past and those time were pleasant enough that I have came back but after today I will never return even if every other nail salon in town was shut down and I had no arms to paint my own toes would I come again. I came in on a slow Monday afternoon. I waited for about 10 mins to be helped to a chair. The water was warm and i sat thete waiting, eventually when the nail tech came over the water was cold. She was a bit rough with my feet. During this time another lady came in and was waiting for a pedicure. The lady was annoyed with the wait and wanted her pedicure started immediately. What does the girl who is in the middle of my pedicure do? She says someone else will be back to help you and leaves to tend to another customer who came in after me. I sat another 15 minutes while the other lady is ushered through like she's a freaking celebrity. The other nail tech comes over finally and asks if I would like the massage like its not included in the price. Needless to say I won't be back.
4	I looked for a good inexpensive nail salon on Yelp and found Shea Nails.  I didn't make an appointment just took my chances and went in Saturday morning.  I was there waiting for the doors to open.  Several other customers arrived and assured me that there wouldn't be a problem getting in.  The only issue is if you find someone you really like and don't make an appointment, they may be working on someone else when you arrive.Well, I had the "tag team"; manicure and pedicure at the same time in order to help them keep their scheduled customers accomodated.  No problem for me.  The pedicure was luxurious!  The woman, Dong; who took such good care of me is a treasure.  Good sense of touch, lovely hot stone massage not hurried, zen.  Great first visit! I will definately go back, this time requesting Dong for a scheduled appointment.  P.S.  price is right!
4	Close to home and I usually make my appointment the same day. Good polish selection and the place seems to be fairly clean. They have a full fridge of bottled water, but 99% of the time I have to ask for one.  Only thing that really bothers me with this place is that the service and treatments aways change from person to person. I wish they all were fabulous.I'm getting a pedi right now.. so I shouldn't complain. It's been a long week and its only Tuesday :) It's pretty quiet and peaceful in here today - very enjoyable. Almost spa like :)
2	I debated writing this review as I hate to complain. However my experience was really substandard. I usually go elsewhere ( Q nail and spa in north scottsdale) . I have been really happy with "Q" but wanted to try somewhere else for a change. The place is clean and nice looking. Chairs comfortable and sterilization procedures in place. However, the girl that did my pedicure was not very good at all. She was rough and while trimming my  cuticles OVER vigorously she cut me and didn't apologize. Then she trimmed my nails too short ( never asking what I actually wanted) and varying the nail length from one toe to the next. Like another reviewer noted ,I was left to sit awhile in cool water waiting for who knows what, as they were not busy. Finally when she put the red color one she got it on nail fold areas and didn't really bother to clean it up. Now I am going to have to go get another pedicure but was to frustrated to complain at the time....  that is , after my nails grow out a bit .....:(
1	Used to be my go-to nail place. Today I was treated poorly and lied to. Was told one price and charged another. My big toe is throbbing right now because of the half ass pedicure. Paid extra for callus removal... clearly still rough skin on my feet. Not happy. Will not return or send anymore business their way.
1	Just an update.... got a sweet message from Ashley a Shea nail employee calling me a liar and using expletives. Nice business practice, and so very professional. DO NOT GO TO SHEA NAILS. Lies, overcharging, and unprofessional.
5	I've been going here since I moved to McCormick Ranch a little over a year ago.  I found them though a friend-her acrylics always look fantastic...so she told me about Martin at Shea nails and it was perfect because it's right down the street from where I live! The owners Martin and Ashley are super nice! Martin has done both acrylic and brisa gel nails on me in square, 'squoval', and almond styles.  He really does an amazing job. They look very natural, not thick and fake looking. I have never had anyone do a better job at the brisa gel - no bubbles with Martin!  They have a huge selection of gel polishes too. I always have to get there early to have time to pick because there are so many colors it's overwhelming and fun!Ashley also does my eyelash extensions. It is very reasonable compared to other places.  I can get it done almost every week if I have time.  Very comfy bed to lay on. You can almost go to sleep :)I get pedicures every once in a while-most of the time I do them myself but I love treating myself sometimes.  I like how their bowls have liners before it's filled.  They do a great job on callus removal too. Worth the extra charge if you add it to the basic or I know it's included in one of the upgraded pedis too. They have done my husband's terrible feet several times and they look a million times better every time. Who would have known that would even be possible!  He was even impressed! :)  I would suggest making an appointment if you want acrylics or eyelashes as they fill up pretty quickly-I make appointments for everything, but if you just need a quick mani or pedi, usually you could get in depending on how busy they are, and if it's not on a weekend-weekends are pretty busy. They are also open on Sundays! My old place was not. It's so convenient too - I can spray tan next door, drop off shoes at the repair, and do nails and lashes in one shot!
5	My sister and I have been going to Shea Nails for deluxe pedicures and gel manicures for year! We always leave with smiles and wonderful nails! They have a great selection of nail polish, regular and gel. Their pedicure massage chairs are great and they use plastic covers in the tubs. Very clean and hygienic! Thank you to Ashley, Martin, and their staff...you all rock! See you in a few weeks!
5	I've been seeing Ashley for the last 2 1/2 years and she is the hands down the best eye lash girl!  Ashley also has some serious skills in gel mani art!  I've never had a bad experience there. Everyone is super friendly, the place is small but clean. The price is reasonable and super relaxing atmosphere. Try them. You'll become a regular too.
5	Always a pleasure and sweat escape to go get your nails done here!
5	Lindsey did the best gel manicure I've ever had! I almost fell asleep when she massaged my arms and hands! Nicely decorated. Convenient. Great place!
5	Good nail salons are like hair salons... Once you find a good one, you drive out of your way to continue going. Shea Nails is the best nail salon I've found in the area (quality, affordability and most importantly sanitarily.). I've gone in places in the area and if they don't clean their tools or the place is unkept cleanliness wise, I won't get any services done. I've had too many friends get fungus from dodgy nail salons... This one is definitely trustworthy. The staff over the past three years has always been great and there is a wide variety of pedicure services from a simple polish change to the super deluxe which includes callus remover and a paraffin wax for your feet! I won't go anywhere else.
