5	A great gym with very good trainers who are all professional fighters and it's owned by a really nice guy, Wanderlei Silva.Go check it out!
5	Just visited for a day and took 2 classes (boxing and No-Gi Jui Jitsu).  extreamly nice and proffesional gym.  Great enviorment and equipment with an expert and friendly staff of real fighters.  Was a refreshing experience to be run through a proffesional workout with guys that are in the ring themselves.  And i got a great workout, was covered in sweat.  Gym has everything you could want to train and more.  I will be back again and I encourage anyone else to go as well.  And the upside is it's Wanderlei silva's gym, a true living legend.  The wall of the old japanese news clippings of his pride days is a must see.  The only thing that could have made it better is if i could've met the man himself.  Maybe next time!!!
5	Such a great experience!.  First of all, I am a MMA fan and following MMA for years, I had to train at a MMA legend's gym.  I paid for my day pass and right away the staff were super friendly.  I got to the gym an hour early before the class, so i walked around gym. The gym had a weight room area, mat area and a altitude training room.  Overall, the gym looked great!  As I was waiting my class to begin, I felt someone touch my shoulder.  I turned around and guess who it was, Wanderlei Silva!!! I was shell shocker!! He thanked me for coming to his gym and ASKED ME if I wanted to take a picture.  I can't believe I totally forget to ask for a picture, luckily Wanderlei reminded me.  After talking with the legend for a second, my class started.  I took the no-gi grappling class.  The instructor was great and took the time to work with everyone.  After working on the technique, you had the option to spar.  I chose to spar and did ok.  I could tell there were so very good grapplers at the gym.  Although I was only able to train for one day (was on vacation), the staff at Wand Fight Gym made my experience great!!!
5	I visited Wand Fight Team this February and had a great experience.  The gym is incredible.  The octagon is right there inside and the place is state of the art.  It would be a mistake to train anywhere else.  They even have gear you can buy if you forget something at their store near the entrance.  Incredible talent and teaching with the nicest people!  All of the Wanderlei Silva photos and fight memorabilia are on the walls.  If you live in Las Vegas you should train here!  If you are visiting you can drop by and workout or check out the entire store and shop.
5	I love this gym. There are so many things to do from weight lifting to training. The atmosphere is great. People there are nice and will help you out if you need it. My kinda a place to workout
5	I've trained here off and on over the past few years and now I am here for good. It has the feel of a family atmosphere with support from everyone around. A great place for learning and taking your knowledge to the next level.
5	This gym is great! Muay Thai class is intense. Michael Costa is the best teacher you can have, he really wants you to learn the techniques and will take his time to make sure you do it the right way. Great workout and love that we spar often. He knows most of his students names and says hi and bye. All the teachers are very good and the desk staff is friendly. All are Brazilian I'm pretty sure. The gym has lots of machines and weights to work out. There's an octagon ring. The gym is decorated with Wanderlei's achievements. They have a lot of specials going on that makes it affordable to keep going and it is very fun
