3	Tickets for festivals, tickets for live performances, tickets for comedy gigs...it's all here accompanied by a quick and efficient service. Located on Rose St, Tickets Scotland is a reliable vendor or everything tickets. You'll be paying the RRP price, however, and thus if your searching for a cheaper deal the internet is probably your only alternative.
5	Ticket Scotland is awesome for serving all your ticketing needs. Two years ago, a matter of days before T in the Park I decided I wanted to follow the crowd and get a ticket. I thought my only option would be paying an inflated price on eBay, but a little birdie told me that Ticket Scotland had some. So I called up and bought a weekend ticket at face value! Score! Take that ticket touts. Turns out they get a batch of returns in before the festival. Ticket Scotland win again when I went in a few weeks ago looking for BRMC tickets. The gig was sold out but oh! They happened to have four tickets returned to them that morning so I snapped them up. The moral of the story is to check with Ticket Scotland before using eBay or other Internet sites as you may be able to pick up the tickets at face value even if the event is sold out.
5	This is the place to come in Edinburgh for tickets not only in the city itself, but generally for all over Scotland and maybe even beyond.There are two main reasons I love this place - firstly, you will never, ever pay the full asking price that bands/venues ask for directly - it may not be as cheap as getting tickets off the internet, but at least there is some degree of genuine security about knowing if things go pear shaped, you know there is a physical adress you can go to for a refund, not just a web adress.Secondly, and tis is my favourate bit - if like me you are a bit of a live music junky, and dont really mind what you go to see as long as it is live and loud - then Ticket Scotland is the best place to go to. In the window there is a list of what seems like every live gig ever in scotland and when they are. Like really, you could be stood in Edinburgh in may and see that tickets for Steely Dan are on sale now for October in Glasgow - or some death metal band in a club 20 minute walk away in 2 hours. Ticket Scotland caters for all music types and venues for about a year in advance. Just go and have a look, you will find something you fancy.Amazing.
4	No surprises that this is where you can get all your tickets for gigs, festivals and other special events that require tickets. The staff are super efficient, ensuring that any trip here is relatively pain free even if you're wallet is significantly lighter on the way out. In addition the tickets, you can also pop here to pick up flyers and free magazines such as The Skinny to find out what's happening in the area. I'm really bad for picking up tonnes of flyers and then not bothering to read them or read them, put the dates in my diary and then completely forget.
4	Wow. If you want to buy tickets for a gig, without a doubt Tickets Scotland is the place to go. Situated in Rose Street, Tickets Scotland is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. This is the place I always go to every year to buy my T in the Park ticket and I am never disappointed, as one year I left it super late and I phoned up asking for tickets thinking they were going to laugh in my face, but it turns out they had spares - win!! They sell their tickets at the RRP which is good as it means you don't get scammed into buying a ridiculously expensive ticket so it is definitely a safe option to buy your tickets from this store. Tickets Scotland sell a huge range of tickets for concerts and festivals, and I walked past the store the other day and noticed that they are now selling tickets for the Cream Fields Festival.If you want a safe and reliable place to buy concert tickets, Tickets Scotland is without a doubt the best place to go.
3	The Highs:- Wide array of events and gigs covered, for all over Scotland (so it's not just a clever name!).- Tickets available for purchase and/or collection right up until only a couple hour before the actual event.The Lows:- Fees are a bit of a joke; booking fees charged per ticket, and also an additional 'collection fee' for tickets purchased online.- Opening hours aren't very working-class-friendly.- Given this day and age, they should really have an alternative method of distribution for those unable to get to the office for collection within aforementioned opening hours.Highs 2/Lows 3B-
3	It's pretty much the place to go for gigs listing and buying tickets in Scotland. (What's in a name, eh?)But as Joe A pointed out, you can get shafted by the booking fees. And annoyingly, when I booked tickets for a gig at the Voodoo Rooms recently online, there was no note before I booked that I'd have to pick them up, physically, from Tickets Scotalnd before 5.30pm on the day of the gig. I'm quite a busy lady and going out of my way to Rose Street was a bit of a hassle. I booked them about 2 weeks before the gig, and it would have been nice to have the option to mail them out. It could be because it was an up-coming band at an EP launch, I'm not sure, but that proved a little irksome.But COMPLIMENT SANDWICH. That's the only bad thing really - fees and occasional inconvenience. In actual fact, they're quite conveniently located in the centre of town, on Rose Street, it just wasn't convenient for me at the time. Getting the tickets was easy, and, eh, yeah. That's it really!
