4	This very new hotel is less than a mile from the ETC. The room is AMAZING. The suite has a great den and couch area. The bed is comfy. There's not enough accessible plugs (but isn't that always the case).There's no food in the building (but there is a microwave, sink and fridge) nor is there a bank nearby. But the breakfast spread is typically nice Marriott food.Oh - and the staff: way helpful and kind.The only real downside: The train tracks that run on both sides of the hotel. (Actually, the downside is the trains that run on the tracks. The tracks themselves...you know...not so bad.)
2	Well, I started with 5 stars for this hotel, very nice, clean and new. Tho, their shuttle service blew it. We took the shuttle to station square, and was told to be at the Gateway after game and we would b picked up. Over an hour plus later, the 12 of us still waiting for our shuttle and after several calls to the front desk confirming the spot we all stood in for Ever our shuttle had arrived- FULL, with 2 seats avail. The driver said he'd be back. 20 minutes later, he was back but once again the shuttle was full. Come to find out that the shuttle was picking up springhill suites guests at the Sheraton. When the driver was confronted about the mis location of where we were to b picked up, he gave an attitude and sped off. We got a pizza delivery guy to drive 4 of us back to our hotel, and he got a $40 tip for his actions! Needless to say the night manager at springhill suites didn't have much to say or offer any compensation to his 4 guests, nor could he get off his chair and stand up at the desk to address our complaint.Very dissapointed
4	Definitely my favorite place to stay here in Pittsburgh. Clean, new, current and friendly. Close to a lot of good choices for dinner as well.
4	Great location close to the University of Pittsburgh Campus .. easy walking distance to shopping and places to eat
4	Was in Pittsburgh for a weekend trip and stayed here for 2 nights... Not too shabby... it was a great choice and I would do it again.PROS.* Brand New Hotel (March 2010)* Immaculately Clean* Spacious room ... Ours had 2 beds and a couch that someone could have crashed on.CONS* Paying for parking... Really? This isn't nyc ya'll....* loud... We had a crazy party room next door, but I mean, who am I to hate on people partying at 2:30am? But it was really obnox.We didn't take the shuttle because we were worried that it would take forever to pick us up, but they did offer the services to us.
5	I have to be in Pittsburgh several times a year and this is now my preferred place to stay. The front desk personnel are extremely friendly and helpful - the other night 885 south was closed to traffic so Megan helped me find an alternate route - and was very patient and helpful.  Everyone who works there seems happy to be there.  There is a nice path in front of the hotel along the river that takes you down past where the Steelers and Panthers practice.  Sometimes you can see the barges on the river, and the train to the back of the hotel. Speaking of the train, I don't find the noise noticeable.  I enjoy the breakfast buffet; it's pretty well stocked. My room is always clean.
5	I took a trip to Pittsburgh when hurricane Irene came to attack. I wanted a hotel close to the Hofbrauhaus and I got exactly what I asked for. The hotel was very new and very clean. It's only been open sense 2010. The staff was very friendly. The rooms were very nice! I got the king suite. It was beautiful and big. The rooms had everything you can ask for including a microwave, fridge, pull out couch and a coffee machine. And with the military discount it was only $115/night! I will definitely be staying there again!
4	Nice hotel, friendly people and a great location. $15 for parking is a drag but the worst is the train. Who builds a hotel on top of an active train track?
4	Boom. Location doesn't suck. Beds are clean and comfy. Ill take it.
4	I wasn't expecting too much from this hotel.  It is a midlevel brand in the Marriott franchise.  That said, it was well above my expectations.I was attempting to use a certificate to book one of three nights.  I found that I couldn't make it work with the full three nights so I booked it for just the Thursday stay.  Then I attempted to book Friday and Saturday and could not.  My daughter had just booked it so I called the front desk.  They were very friendly and let me know they were sold out and only available to Platinum members.  (I then realized there were home Pitt and Steeler football games that weekend.)Luckily, my daughter is a platinum member.  She booked the other two nights for us.Upon our early arrival they were able to accomodate our check-in request.  As we were unloading our bags, the gentleman who checked us in returned my sunglasses that I had left on the counter.  I always appreciate honesty!The room that my daughter booked for us was not the same type room we had.  The front desk staff was not phased in the least, they saved our room so that we didn't have to move after the first night.Upon checkout I was able to easily change the Marriott rewards to my number from my daughter's.The breakfast buffet is free and has a lot of choices.The room was clean and well decorated.  This hotel is just off the Hot Metal Street bridge.  This allows great access to both sides of the river and decreases time in traffic.
4	Great stayA comfortable bed paired with a friendly staff is always win when it comes to hotels.SpringHill didn't miss the mark there. . My room was immaculate and all the ammenities and he's promised were in place.
3	Second time staying here. Newer updated contemporary Springhill Suites (2010).Room: the rooms are newly renovated. Lower level of the Marriott chain, so the beds are not as comfy, but it will do.Service: the front desk attendants are friendly and greeted us every morning. Didn't have much interaction besides that.Downside: The train that runs behind the hotel. It blows a very loud horn every time it passes in the middle of the night (eg. 1:33am, 3:15am) If you are a light sleeper (which I am) ask for a room facing Oakland (amazing view of the Cathedral as well). They gave us that room the first time we stayed here, so I didn't notice the train.
1	Don't stay here if you want to sleep. There are freight trains running right next to the hotel. Additionally the trains pass  blowing their whistles throughout the night.
1	This is a review of the gym only.   See others reviews for general hotel information. Gym had 1 incline/flat bench and a DB rack up to 50 lbs I think. It had 3-4 cardio machines- elliptical, stepper  etc. Well lit,  decent open floor space,  appeared fairly new. For a hard-core workout person like me,  it was truly pathetic.   I walked 3 blocks and paid $15 to use the LA Fitness on 27th and Water Street. The LA fitness is well equipped- it only needs some kettlebells, TRXs and some other crossfit like gear and space to be ideal for me.   I'd give them 4 stars for a travel gym. Suggestions for this hotel- don't invest a penny in the gym,  instead negotiate a rate with the LA fitness and direct people to go there for a lower charge than $15/day.   If it was on my hotel bill,  my employer might even cover it.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a nearby wedding. We were very pleased with the service and quality of the hotel! Check-in was scheduled for 3pm, but we arrived quite early (10am). They allowed us to check-in a few hours early, free-of-cost!! The hotel room itself was very comfortable and clean. They even had Paul Mitchell shampoo products in the bathroom! On top of the fantastic room, they had the perk of providing free shuttle services to the residents. We used the shuttle to travel to and from the church in Oakland. Again, we did not have to pay extra! Definitely would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the pittsburgh area. It was WONDERFUL!
5	I had a great time here, in spite of the *&^% train horn blasts. I stayed here in June, and because of the great experience I checked in at another SpringHill Suites in Louisville. Yikes. Same brand, different site, different experience. Now I know, and now you know. This SpringHill does it better. Southside Works gives you three newspapers, above-average coffee, a sink in the kitchen area, a bathtub (not just a shower stall), etc etc. (No, Louisville has none of these amenities.) The workout area is larger than many I've been in (I've learned to temper my expectations), the staff was friendly, and I enjoyed the lobby area where we watched the World Cup games. It's close to many restaurants also.Note: I stay typically for over a week at a time on the road, so some things are more important than others. Disappointments? As usual, no hotel ever carries Univision. BUT, Southside Works has AMC in addition to other channels (Louisville did not). Overall, I had a terrific time and they do it right.
1	Built on the railroad right of way, the train comes through at all hours; blowing the horn shaking the building. This was a last resort reservation and we aren't staying here again. Property appears new, rooms are really nice, bright with neat pull down window shades. No wine or beer in snake shop.
2	I am here for work for 3 nights.  I usually stay in Oakland but there were no rooms for the 3 nights anywhere but here.  It's a Marriott so I figured...what the heck.So- the good: Updated, good breakfast, good locationBUT THE BAD IS AWFULThe train is non-stop torture. All night every hour or so. Noisy.... and the horn!  Extra bonus bad points: I am in room 604 and the wifi doesn't seem to reach here either.Ultimately it's a Marriott so it's pretty consistent but I took the hit on price and got out after one night to go to another Marriott in Oakland for my remaining 2 nights.
