5	I was anxiously awaiting the opening of La Fontana Trattoria.  My review mostly tonight is for the owner and staff.  What a welcome from the owner and the rest of the team.  When I want Italian, this is exactly what I want!  Italian owned and you feel like family when you walk in the door.  This seems like a great place to sit, relax on the patio, enjoy your company, enjoy a bottle of wine and great food when you're not in a rush....when you have time to really enjoy your evening and a great meal. I believe that they are waiting for their liquor license so you are currently able to b.y.o.b. for a minimal corkage fee. There is a party store right next door but  their wine selection is minimal (CVS across the street actually has a fairly decent selection if you forget to plan ahead.)I ordered a pizza tonight (although their menu has some amazing dishes, I went with quick take home food)  When I go back and dine in, I will have to try one of their pasta dishes.  Based on the delicious sauce on the pizza, I have to think the rest of their menu will be great!I support local businesses and  La Fontana seems to have made a choice to be a local, neighborhood restaurant and therefore they do not have the luxury of hungry tourists just walking by and seeing their menu like other restaurants just 2 miles away in Old town. That is exactly why I was anxiously awaiting their opening.  So glad I stopped in and gave them a try.  I will be back!
5	Real ITALIAN !!  Loved everything.  Waiting for liquor so BYOB. But worth it
5	Spent the evening with 10 friends at this great, new restaurant. Tried several dishes on the menu. Best sauce ever! Light, fresh and tasty! Staff was amazingly friendly, Great location, great prices and the owner is authentically charming. Definately recommend this place and will be back!
5	After hearing from my friends in the neighborhood about this great little Italian restaurant, we finally made it there last night.  Of course, great April evenings started our experience at La Fontana perfectly on the patio.  The owners and wait staff made us and our children feel so welcome.  Bringing our own bottle for our meal (w/a small corkage fee) was even better.Then we got to the food.  From the bread, to the fresh side salad (which looked like a meal) to the dinners we each chose (there were 11 of us) we were one satisfied group.  My husband and friend had chicken piccatta, which was dreamy.  The chicken was pounded thin and very tender with not too many or too little capers on top.  The accompanying pasta was creamy and not too salty.  I had the bolognese pasta with wide noodles.....so good.  The calamari appetizer was also amazing.  We will be back, if only so we can try some of the other items on the menu.  The prices were great and all of us had leftovers to take home.These owners are hard-working people and I do really hope they succeed.  We like having a great tasting, fare priced, authentic restaurant in our neighborhood.
5	I am so excited that this place is open. I have been driving past it for a while now so when I saw the lights on I jumped on going. I had NO expectations and I must say that I couldn't be more happy and... FULL. Thank god my house is only 2 blocks away. I typically am not an over-eater but the food was so good I couldn't stop. First off... This is a real Italian place with real Italian food owned and run by... REAL ITALIANS. The food is authentic (I have been to Italy 2 times), the portions are more then fair, and the prices are good as well. We started with the calamari... Lightly breaded, not chewy, and the marinara sauce on the side was so tasty and flavorful.... Just delish!  I am a sucker for gnocchi and I added mushrooms (additions are no problem for the kitchen... just like in Italy). Wow it was amazing.  I have had my fair share of gnocchi and this ranks right up there with the best if them. almost forgot! The bread... Hot out of the oven. Nothing like the smell and taste of hot fresh bread. No wonder I am so full. All in all... Just go. Go and support this local place. Support real Italian food. Ciao!
5	What is there to say about the new Italian restaurant, La Fontana, in Scottsdale? Both the waiter and the chef are Italian. That is supposed to be enough, right? We started off with some very tasty calamari and a caprese salad. The portions of pasta are very abundant and everything is so fresh and light.  You don't have that heavy feeling after your meal. You may bring your own alcoholic beverages since they have yet to get a liquor license.  We ate on a cute patio in the back that is really nice and cozy with a fountain that makes the meal very relaxing. My wife and I went with another couple and they were astonished by all the royal treatment the staff gave to us.  It's that personal touch that really tops it off.  At the end of the meal were free cannolis and tiramisu. What more could you ask for? Alberto.
5	Wonderful place, wonderful food, wonderful ambience and first-class service! Good friends introduced us to La Fontana last evening (he has dined there five times in the two weeks it's been open) and we can't wait to take other friends there too! We were greeted very graciously by the owner, who also served us with first-class expertise and hospitality. The four of us enjoyed a superb dinner and can't wait to go back. It may take some time, but I plan to eventually try everything on the menu :) We enjoyed hot bread and garlic dipping sauce with our wine (byob currently, so get there asap!) while we perused the menu.  My husband and I started with very fresh, delicious caprese salads (half of which we each took home), then on our friend's recommendation, ordered the lasagna, which we all agreed was the best we've ever had. Again, the portions were so generous we weren't able to finish it, and took half home. After a leisurely, very enjoyable dinner, my husband and I managed to share a delicious tiramisu accompanied by wonderful coffee from Italy. Oh--and we also ordered a pizza to take home for this evening! Many thanks to our friends for introducing us to La Fontana, and congratulations to Franco on this gem of a place. I recommend you get there soon, especially since you can bring your own wine temporarily while the liquor license is being processed. However, when that happens, I have a feeling Franco will offer some great wines at reasonable prices to go with the great, reasonably priced cuisine at La Fontana. Love this place!
5	I love this place! The food is amazing. After dining with 6 people who all ordered different things off the menu I was impressed every dish was perfect!  Each of the six people I came to lunch with had food envy as we looked at each dish. The next time I came back the waiter remembered me and I was greeted with a smile. Real Italian food, remarkable service and the comfortable atmosphere will keep me coming for more!! I love this place! Check it out
5	Great food! Excellent service! I ordered food to go, it was waiting for me when I showed up to pick it up 10 minutes later! This place is a gem! Must try! Classic Italian food, done right!
5	Authentic, quality Italian. Loved it! Restaurant is quaint, owner is very friendly and warm, chef is also very friendly and inviting.What we've had: Caesar salad, homemade dressing which is hard to find and very good!Lasagna, outstanding, pasta is light, sauce like my grandma from Italy made.Gnocchi, feather light with an exquisite Alfredo sauce.Chicken piccata, chicken is so moist and pounded thin, finished to perfection with a fresh lemon caper sauce, and served with wonderful oven roasted rosemary potatoes.Chicken Parmesan, also pounded thin, best I've had.We've had take-out and then sat on the patio tonight with my husband and daughter. Love this place!They don't have a liquor license yet, so it's byob, and you can pay a small corkage fee.Go here, seriously.
5	I was a little worried about the five star rating with only 10 reviews but I have to say they were spot on. It's much better than sals and for a better price. I got the caprese and my wife and I split the chicken piccata. She is very picky with Italian and recommended I write a review because we both though this was the best in the area and haven't had a very good experience looking for Italian in Scottsdale. The lemon sauce with capers was perfect, and we had the small vegetable side instead of pasta because we've been eating a little heavy lately. I didn't know what to expect and was frankly a little worried but it was a mix of chopped mushrooms and spinach perfectly cooked together. The restaurant is also really well put together, and the outside patio seems like a nice place for a dinner. I always thought the exterior wouldn't lend itself well to an Italian restaurant of that caliber but the owners did a great job with the interior and small patio area. The server is a nice old Italian man and the cook came out to wish me well on the meal. It was surprisingly authentic and the ingredients weren't cheap like some of the places around. I don't know if they make it, but they sell extra virgin olive oil just inside. This place is definitely worth a try if you're looking for Italian in south scottsdale that beats the others in both taste and price.
5	My wife and I went the first week they opened.  I lived in Italy for 4 years and so I knew when I saw "trattoria-pizzeria" I was dealing with either the real deal or total shmo's.  These guys were the REAL DEAL.   In-house made pasta, fresh shrimp and did I mention the prices? Fantastic.  We started the meal off with the bruschetta.  Holy wow. Then, I got the Shrimp Alfredo and my wife got the Chicken Alfredo.  Pasta was perfect Al Dente. We felt very special that the cook/owner would come out and talk with us and walk us through their story, and the menu.  Such a great Italian family atmosphere.  We will be returning again and again and again. We can't say enough great things about this place.
5	Excellent tasting Italian food.  I've eaten there 3 times and have enjoyed everything I've tried.  The sauce was great, but different.  My girlfriend couldn't quite put her finger on it so we asked Marco, the owner and chef.  Marco said it's homemade from tomatoes and olive oil.  Not from a can, no tomato paste, no sugar and definitely doesn't taste like chain restaurant sauce.
4	The food was absolutely excellent. This is a true Italian restaurant with a great European feel. Wasn't the fastest service but they just opened. The owners/staff are friendly and welcoming. Just go, you'll be happy.
4	Excellent authentic Italian food. The service was genuine the food was superb. Our new favorite local spot.
5	I was really hoping I would not like La Fontana because I live 40 minutes away but I loved it.  It is so worth the drive.  The tiny family run authentic Italian menu was outstanding.  We had calamari and meatballs as an appetizer.  I could have made a meal on the appetizer.  Our entrees were superb.  We got to know the owner and had a lot of fun.  An added bonus was bringing our own wine which we wanted to drink for a minimal surcharge fee.  This is a new restaurant and I am afraid when more people hear about this place it will be hard to get in.  Right now it is a hidden secret, so I am going to make the drive quite often.  Thanks Franco for a great evening and when I come back I am going to order Paglia Fieno,
5	We had a wonderful dinner Saturday night.  From the bruschetta to the entrees, everything was wonderful.  The icing on the cake is their BYOB policy with a $5 corkage fee.We will be back soon!
4	Just happened to stop here for dinner,  but we were pleasantly surprised!  Wonderful food and service!
5	The food was excellent. I will be going back. The staff was very friendly and the waiter was actually Italian too. Small place just like a trattoria would be in Italy. Good portions are not huge but it makes you wanting more. It's about the quality.
3	I left here knowing we probably would never make our way back. The restaurant is quaint and the owner as the reviews mentioned is amazing - he definitely has an old world charm to him but not enough to make up for what the place lacked - a good wait staff and flavor. Pasta was under cooked, oily and tasteless.
1	I don't understand the high ratings for this place. The ambiance is cute and cozy but where do I begin. The place was empty except for another table and a staff member sitting at a table with his apron on and doing paperwork and being on a tablet. After we were served, we see our chef go out and sit on the patio drinking a beer. The meatballs were rubbery and gray and you could barely cut into it with a fork...obviously not fresh, probably microwaved. My pasta with clams had a funny flavor; I was a little worried that they were not entirely fresh. There was way too much pasta on the plate and it was dry, gummy, overcooked and lacking salt, which is unbelievable since clam sauce is usually very briny and buttery. The old guy as our server was cute and nice and all, but he works way too slow and would be totally overburdened if there were more than 2 full tables at this restaurant. Also, you can look into their kitchen as there is a window in front and you will notice no fresh produce in sight or fresh pasta being made anywhere, only cans and a big plastic vat of sauce. The yelpers that gave this place 5 stars probably have never had good Italian, much less have been to Italy to know what really excellent Italian food tastes like.
5	This restaurant is authentic Italian cuisine.  The owner Marco cooks all of the food fresh and it is very delicious.  The fried calamari is so tasty.  The penne  Alla putanesca and the chicken pollo parmigiana is to die for.  Enjoy with some wine.  Be sure to have some cannolis and enjoy a glass of sambuca at the end. I can't say enough.  This place has delicious authentic Italian food.  If you are ever in Scottsdale stop by and enjoy!
5	Best Italian food in all of Scottsdale. Homemade and fresh just for the customer. Chef straight from Italy.
5	Fantastic!  Amazing food and service.  We had the lasagna, pasta all'amatriciana, chicken picatta, Caesar salad and tiramisu. Truly authentic dishes.  The waiter was friendly and warm.  We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing food & amazing staff! Our server, Franco, used to be a private chef for parties of Frank Sinatra (photos to prove it!) and several other celebrities. Upon finding out I was Italian and my mom makes the best lasagna, he served us a free and delicious serving of the house lasagna.  The first ever that is as good as moms. He also then served us complimentary Tiramisu and amaretto. We had caesar salads, Chicken piccata, another chicken-pasta dish and a spicy pasta dish. All were fabulous. They also now have their full liquor license. It's a quaint and authentic Italian restaurant with no crowds!
5	Ok I will admit it, I love Italian food.  I could eat pasta every night of the week. But when we go out to eat, it's rarely at an Italian restaurant. You see, my grandmother was from Italy and cooked like you wouldn't believe. And because if that I'm a little (lot) picky about the quality of my Italian food. Leaving a hole in my dining out repertoire. Until now!!!If my grandmother was alive, even she would love the food at La Fontana!  Took the whole family in on a Thursday for, regrettably, a quick bite. Oh how I wish I had two hours to sit and eat 5 courses of this fresh, authentic Italian cuisine!! We made it fast but it was amazing. First off the ambiance is classic, loads of family pictures on the walls and I'm pretty sure "The Godfather" score was playing in the background. We were greeted by Franco, the realist deal around. So warm and friendly, he made the entire experience feel more like eating at a beloved friends house than a restaurant. We had pasta and meatballs for the kids; pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, the sauce was as good as Grandmas. And that's a BIG deal in my family. I didn't get to taste a meatball before they gobbled them up, but I heard they were tender and tasty. Husband had chicken parm; chicken breast lightly breaded, covered with sauce and melted mozz, a side of rigatoni- cooked to perfection. I had the Penne Alla Puttanesca. It comes with capers and olives, they had no problem adding peas at my request. It was DIVINE. Again with the perfectly cooked pasta in a sauce that had nice deep flavor without being too spicy like some puttanesca. We didn't have time for dessert but I know I will go back and get my hands on their Tiramisu. Final verdict: YOU! Yes, you. Go now. Go tonight. Eat at La Fontana every chance you get. I know I will!!! Grandma would be proud! Ciao!
5	Delicious,  homemade, authentic Italian.  The best Italian I've had in years. Service was great, our waitress was attentive and generous. My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale !
5	I was looking for homemade pasta and found this secret. Best pasta I have had in the valley. I will go back often!!!
5	We go about once a week, and absolutely love the food and the quite atmosphere.  We are always pleased with our meal and service.
5	the best italian food i had here in arizona i should know i'm italian best pasta,even better than pino's.
5	Staying in Old Town Scottsdale and we were looking for a place for dinner so we checked out Yelp.  We came across La Fontana Trattoria. What a find!  Everything was wonderful.  Everything was very fresh and spot on. Franco, the front of the house and Chef Marco were very friendly.  They knew each other from LA and have reconnected in Scottsdale. Each of Franco's suggestions were perfect.  Calamari was perfect, house made pasts and Chicken Piccata were excellent. And the price was stunning, in a very good way,La Fontana is a jewel.  We'd  love to have this restaurant in our neighborhood.
4	We went again last night and it was as good as the first time. The veal Marsala was hands down the best we've ever tasted. It's no longer byob as they got their liquor license. Kind of a bummer as I love byob's but drinks are reasonably priced.
4	I had the Chicken Parmesan which was huge. It came with pasta and I could barely finish the meal. The prices at this restaurant is reasonable. The service we had was abysmal.Food - The Chicken Parmesan was okay but not spectacular. The other couple that we dined with loved the food, although they didn't have Chicken Parmesan. My wife didn't think it was the greatest. So to balance out the sample size of diners I'll give this place a 4 for the food.Service - We had a rookie. Basic mistakes such as giving us a bottled coke and having us pour it into the wine glass. She had trouble taking orders and couldn't explain the menu. On the other hand, the owner was very gracious and was able to explain the menu. I'll give this place a 2 for service.Ambiance - This is what takes my overall Yelp rating up from 3 to 4 stars. You are not rushed. It's like going to a relative's house and talking for hours after the meal. I believe we were there for 2 1/2 hours. Although the dinning room is small, the tables are adequately spaced out from your fellow diners. So Ambiance is definitely a 5.
5	Absolutely outstanding. We had several dishes that were great! Highly recommended. Prices reasonable
4	Good "mom and pop" type restaurant. Very friendly team working the room with an elegant but not "stuffy" atmosphere. Pizza oven isn't typically operated during the summer but the pasta is worth coming for. This is a great place to come have a nice dinner at a very reasonable cost and you won't walk away disappointed.
5	We visited La Fontana last night. I've seen it many times as I drive Thomas Road, but it is a little off the beaten path at about 100 yards east of Hayden. The cheesy fountain in the front of this former laundromat is the giveaway. Parking is in the back and it is adequate.Franco greeted us ate the door. What a great host. Dapper, courteous, accomodating, and quite the gentleman. His meal suggestions were spot on. He even had the house make me an off-the-menu anchovies and peppers appetizer.The lasagna was great, the gnocchi is off the charts. My seafood pasta was to die for. Absolutely top flight ingredients and preparation.And, the price was absolutely reasonable.Oh yeah--the wine is terrific. We had too many bottles of Chiant.Then, Chef Marco came out and opened a bottle of Sambuca and the visiting and partying kept on going. Really a very special night.I highly recommend you make this your local italian joint. I know I will.
4	Very friendly great service food was good not great . Love the mom and pop atmosphere
4	Checked this spot out based on being in the area & yelp reviews. We were the only people here but it is a very traditional Italian restsurant & comfortable place to grab dinner. I was disappointed they didn't have pizza like the pics I saw on yelp... They are changing out their ovens so they should be installed in 2 weeks.I ordered chicken Vesuvio which was really good. I'm not a huge eater & I was able to eat it all! Delish cream sauce with garlic served with penne. There is serf room for dessert or an app if you have an appetite.I will go back again and check out the pizza.
1	I do not reccomend this place!  It did not have pizza as the pizza oven costs too much money to run (from an employee) the lasagna was runni and did not taste good. I got a side of bread that was not the same bread each piece and a Caesar salad that was stale???? Truely it was.
5	Unpretentious and as truly Italian as you will find in Arizona. I wasn't real hungry, so I chose the steamed clams with white wine sauce. It was outstanding. Great service with reasonable prices. It is a little difficult  to find your way to the parking lot, but it is well worth the effort.
5	Don't let the location (next to a laundromat) fool you.  This is a cute little place with gracious hosts.  We called ahead to make a reservation for 7 and they said "we will be waiting for you".  It was like an invitation you'd hear from a kind relative.  The food was was very good.  Very fresh, homemade pasta.  I ordered the angel hair pasta and though I liked it very much, I couldn't keep my hands off my son's lasagna.  It was one of the best sauces I have ever tasted.  Others had the veal special and loved it and the pizza was really tasty as well.  The prices are very reasonable.  If ever in Arizona again, I will definitely eat here again.
5	Bought 4 pizzas for a business luncheon, absolutely delicious, authentic Italian cooking. Thank you for making rad pizza.
