1	Canvas was originally Phoenix's first strip mall, and my, what a legacy it has left upon the Valley.  Luckily, it has now turned into a First Friday destination as an art space and a small concert venue.Well, according to the Arizona Republic in an article dated 1/31/08:-----------------------------"While the northeast corner of Third and Roosevelt Streets has previously been an open area where local artists and musicians have performed for First Friday, last December was the first time in recent years organized entertainment has taken place at the venue. Construction on the land, which covers 90,000 square feet, began in October. Within six months, CANVAS will become a nightclub, a 24-hour newsstand, a grocery, an art gallery and home to three restaurants and a miniature skate park."-----------------------------Seriously?  This is one of the most visible spots in downtown and just about the most prime spot for a min-entertainment district.  THIS kind of grass-roots activity is why Roosevelt Row will absolutely demolish the completely manufactured 'Jackson Street Entertainment District' proposed for later this decade.So, by June-ish, there will be:~ A bar/nightclub~ 3 restaurants (I hear that one of them will be a sushi place)~ A 24 hour newsstand (unheard of for DT, that something will be open 24 hrs)~ A grocery (another much-needed commodity)~ A mini skatepark (bringing the 'urban' element to RR)They already hold concerts here, and withing the next few months they will hold one with 15 bands.  I can't wait to review this place once its fully developed.  In the meantime, I'm giving it 5 stars for the proposal.
5	Awesome place, great location.  Can't wait for it to fully open this summer.    Due to this place and Fate just down the street you can hear music throughout downtown on weekend nights.  Plus its going to have a skatepark!
4	This looks like it will be a pretty darn cool place once it opens. During our stay in Phoenix, we saw a video installation projected on a few of the windows facing the street, and a live band performing outside during Third Friday festivities. I just wish this place was actually open and complete in the way that Eric P. said it will be shortly. It is definitely something to look forward to checking out the next time the fiance and I are in Phoenix.
5	Sundays are now "Recovery Sundays" at Canvas, hosted by Tiffe Fermnaint... Enter the parking lot through the alley accessible on 3rd st., right behind Canvas. The party is in the back and in the alley just to the East of the building. The party starts @ 7PM. Expect a lounge type atmosphere, music, and a bunch of downtown hipster types "Recovering" from a weekend of dancing and debauchery.... with more dancing and debauchery. BYOB.What could possibly go wrong?
3	Update - there is pretty much nothing going on here lately. Recovery was fun but short lived.
1	seems to be dead.  Has been a work in progress for over three years, I am giving up hope...
1	There are now "Notice of Trustee Sale" signs surrounding the property.
1	Dead as a door nail.  Or as all the trees in front.  Or as the dreams I once had of an interesting place where there is now only shattered shards of those shattered dreams.
