1	While visiting my father who was admitted to St. Joseph, I had to get my Americano fix. The first day, I felt like the barista was irritated that I had asked if they had a canister of non-fat milk.The second day I had brought a 2nd visit coupon from another location. The offer said $2.00 iced drink after 2PM, which sounded great. The same barista, the one with the mullet, was quick to point out the fine print "Participating Locations Only" with a nasty attitude. When I told him that I didn't feel right buying full priced Starbucks drinks twice in a day, he rolled his eyes and said "Oh well, YOUR LOSS!"So today, I made every effort to get my coffee elsewhere. I usually look for the non-corporate coffee shop, however, in this neighborhood it seems like the only options for quick espresso drinks in this area the Starbucks peppered all over the downtown area.The staff here made me really appreciate the Starbucks by my house as well as all of those small independently owned shops that I really enjoy so much more.If you must get your Starbucks and you are going to the St. Joe's, GET IT ON THE WAY, NOT HERE!
4	Very spacious, close to the medical center...  Nice place and lots of room to sit outside and enjoy the weather...!
4	I come through St. Joes on a daily basis and in spite of consistent lines they manage to get my Chai to me in the same amount of time as less busy locations. So far this location is the only one that consistently gets my order right as well. Apparently Starbucks baristas have trouble understanding the phrase "whole milk," but not here. This is the only Starbucks that gets my business. Truly.
5	Great customer service. This place is always busy no matter what time of day it is, but the staff are quick and you will get your coffee!!! (Remember, it's inside a hospital with nurses and doctors who have worked for hours on end). Only thing is if you got a gold card, yes, it works and you can get your refills, but you can't redeem your free drink, they just don't have the technology yet.
