3	The workers Hope and Mary are great.I was picked up from my hotel through  their company with a free ride to rent a car.  Friendly, and cheap car rentals, you can't go wrong.
4	I dropped a rental truck off here and it was extremely easy and fast.  The customer service was solid.
5	Best moving truck experience I have ever had.  I've moved numerous times and I have never experienced such great customer service.  We got boxes over at Quick Product Solutions in Phoenix (great deal!!) and then loaded up at 16' truck a third of the way before realizing that our truck was too small.  This Budget Truck location swapped a 24' truck for us with zero hassle.  Very, very happy with that level of customer service.
1	Terrible customer service. Called ahead to make sure truck was there and when we got there they gave us a larger one that personal auto coverage won't cover. Said only A truck was guaranteed, not a specific size. Told me if I cancelled now would be a $50 charge. Will not be back with haul next door.Revised to one star. Came to return my truck. They surrounded my car so it can't get out. Called the number on the receipt they said there's nothing they can do until tomorrow. Calling police next. Insane!
2	*late post*My husband and I picked up our rental truck on August 20 for a move from Arizona to California. We got the truck we reserved online and customer service was very fast and polite. My biggest complaint was the lady who did the inspection spent all of 3 minutes doing a walk around looking for damage. She didn't go over anything in the cab, how much fuel was in it, if the lights worked, etc.We left the next morning at 2am and not even an hour into our 15 hour drive, my husband was pulled over due to having no tail lights.The police officer was very nice and did not give my husband a ticket. Had the lady done a proper inspection, she would have known the lights didn't work, and we wouldn't have gotten pulled over. Granted, we should have asked her to do a more thorough job, but on the other hand it isn't my responsibility to tell someone to,do their  job...Very frustrating.
