1	I called this company and agreed to 4 hours total of cleaning for $150 (which is outrageous).  They sent two women and they were supposed to be there for a total of 4 hours (2 hours each).  When I came home in the afternoon, they were gone.  Then I found out when my bank statement came that they charged me $280!.  I have a small house and easily get it cleaned to to bottom in 4 hours.  They claim it took 8 hours!  I never authorized them to charge my debit card for $280, but they did and they refuse to refund me.  They lied to me and stole from me.  DO NOT USE THESE PEOPLE!  Plus, the cleaning was very mediocre.
1	The cleaning authority has no ideal what clean is! I bought a home and remodeled it. Called the Cleaning Authority to come clean it before I moved in. What a terrible job! Was told the Blinds and base boards would be dusted, not even touched. Floor was pretty dirty from construction guys it needed to be swept and scrubbed.  Well that was asking to much of the cleaning crew, they just quick mopped leaving all the spots on the floor, didn't even sweep and mop behind doors, than left a note complaining about the spots on the floor.. I called to talk to a supervisor and she told me that she had checked the house and told the crew to do a better job on the floor!  What about the baseboards and blinds. What did she check?  Just the floor? I had wanted a monthly service, but no thanks you have lost my business.
5	I just recently signed up for their service .  The owner of the local franchise came out to my home and explained their service model, products, schedule and the like.  I have to tell you, they are trustworthy, thorough and very customer dedicated.  I have a 3000sqft home and during the initial inspection they make a plan on how to clean your house in the most effective way.I'm on a bi weekly rotation now and their folks do an excellent job.  If you have an area that may need closer attention, they are more than happy to take care of it (of if you happen not to be home) they will come back and take care of it with the manager on hand.I also liked that they use "green" products (they bring everything with them, the only thing they use of mine is my own trash bags (at my request)).Very great people and a pleasure to do business with.  Reasonable rates and I couldn't be more pleased.  PLUS my dog likes the team that comes to my house.  I invite you to come over if you don't believe the great work that they do.Thanks!JP
