4	Never can go wrong with their hip styles here! But out of all the H & M stores here in the Vegas valley, this is probably the smallest square footage wise Ive shopped at. Especially the guys department. The selection is more limited.  Women and Children's departments are located on the second level of the mall near Dillards. Selection and sizes is pretty limited too, especially for casual/sportswear styles.  Still I manage to spend more than I wanted to, but second day open and they already were down to 1 brown faux leather biker jacket in stock. Darn it! Service: On sales floor - non existent upstairs..had to go to cashier area to have someone check their stock. Otherwise, sales clerks were helpful and friendly.Typical long lines at register, but wait time is pretty short. Quality of clothes are hit and miss. Hey for $6 jersey skirts, no gripes from me.FYI: I submitted an update to Yelp for business location. Address is 1300 Sunset Rd, Phone No 702 436-1640
3	It is clean and nicely organized. However, it still doesnt compare to the Forum Shops.
4	Beautiful newly opened location at the Galleria. I was in Henderson and needed some pants to wear for work and immediately thought of checking out this H&W and I'm sure glad I did because after this visit it has certainly made me a fan. The top floor is the women's and children's collections while the bottom floor is entirely men's. Since it is 2 floors it makes it feel a bit more organized and better laid out than the Town Square location. Since this is a 2 story store, there is a stair case and elevator right next to each other which is located beside the fitting rooms (very convenient). I was shopping with my friend and I was able to go to the fitting next to her's even if it was on the women's floor which was something I was worried about. The staff here were friendly for the most part and answered my questions. It was pretty busy on a Saturday after-noon, but thankfully the store wasn't too messy and actually looked like it was kept up pretty well. My friend is a bit on the bigger side and she found that they have plus sizes for women. An employee told her this is one of the only H&M locations that does (not even Forum Shops). On the other hand, she complained it was rather limited because it only consisted of 3 to 4 racks, but at least they have something right? I did notice since the Galleria is in Henderson the employees here aren't as fashion forward like those at the Forum Shops and not trendy like at Town Square. Although I live much closer to the other H&Ms, I definitely wouldn't mind coming to this one.
2	I wore a pair of their shoes for about 15 minutes this morning. After about 15 minutes, I decided to look at my foot to see why it hurt so badly. To my surprise, I saw that a piece of sharp plastic on the inside of the shoe had cut my foot open, and my foot and the shoe were bloody. When I took them back to the store, they refused to exchange them because I didn't have a receipt, even though they had the H&M label on the inside, and they were very lightly worn. So I won't be buying shoes there anymore, I guess... So now, an hour later, after I called their corporate office, they have decided to give me store credit...
5	I love this store. Great prices and great clothes. The employees here were super nice and helpful and one even helped me fill up my bag and stuff.
