4	On top of the Camelback Inn property, definitely have to drive to it.  Off of the spa and you look out to the lap pool.  Healthy items $9-18http://www.camelbackinn.com/dining/3029Sprouts.pdf Menus list the health aspects next to the item.  Tried the butternut squash soup, was excellent, not to much cumin, $7, 3 dip with homemade seed crackers w/ hummus, roasted eggplant and cuke/yogurt.  Crackers were excellent.  Blue crab cakes,, very tasty, 3 of them,  $11.  Fruit platter, blue berry, raspberry, blackberries, grapes, cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple, watermelon with a apple cored out with strawberry yogurt, $12.  All fruit was in season but the cantaloupe.My friends joined me from the spa, I was so jealous.  Spa prices are high but you are at a 4 star resort.
3	Wont' go into the details of where Sprouts is, the fact that it's a "Wellness Food & Bar" joint in a spa on the Camelback Inn Marriott property... as deb covered that above.The setting is a bit weird, more like a bar than a restaurant... feels more like you're eating in a golf club (dishwasher noises, blender noises...), net/net, not super cosy or anything. So minus points for atmosphere, IMHO.I'd give the food a 3.5/5. + Points:- Calorie count for each item on the menu (after all, this is a health food joint)- Taste of the food- Speed of Service- Points:- Misleading descriptions on the menu - my wife ordered a heirloom tomato salad, got some leaves and 2 slices of generic safeway tomatoes.... hmmph!- Forgotten promises - we asked for more tomatoes.., the server said she'd get some but never came back to provide them....- Non zen feel- Uninspiring desserts- Really sucky value for money: $65 for 2 people. Pff.
4	Why 4 stars? Cuz any place named Sprouts that is known for it's healthy food and can still satisfy the likes of me is pretty good, in my book. Maybe it's the state of nirvana that I am usually in when I eat here having just stumbled out of the spa with some ridiculous service that involves rubbing my body all over and massaging my head. Maybe it's that it sits on the edge of a beautiful pool overlooking the desert. Or maybe it's the scores of beautiful people sitting on plush chaises wrapped in robes that make me like this place so much. But whatever the reason . . . I am hooked. And here's a secret. No need to eat sprouts or other "rabbit" foods if you don't want to. On this visit I had a vodka lemonade raspberry drink (exquisite to sip while basking in the sun) and a cheese plate with bread and fruit to nibble on that was big enough to serve three people. And the service? Spot on. I think my server just wanted to spend more time out at the pool cuz she was great! Not obtrusive but always there with a water refill or to remove my tray when I was ready.   Not interested in eating outside?  No problem as there are plenty of tables indoors and a bar to sit at.So the next time you are at the Camelback Inn, head to the back of the property to the spa. For it is there that you will find Sprouts in the Spa . . . and a tranquil place to indulge yourself and to fill your tummy!
4	Very good food. Shrimp roll appetizer was great, and a nice light/fresh strawberry salad for $9 is a deal at this resort.
