4	Given that your a juice/smoothie fanatic, you'd spend the best part of a year gulping your way through Juice almighty's offerings.  The 'Pink Drink' and 'Brain Buzz' are well-equipped to perk you up good and proper for the day ahead and for a reasonably price too.A daily stew is up for grabs too, alongside some wraps and soups.
4	These days, you cant go any where without finding a run of the mill juice and/or smoothie place, that sells the same boring, standard and down right dissapointing, over priced crap over and over again.Juice Almighty, thankfully, isnt one of those places. It has an amazingly large selection of all sorts of juices and smoothies, including some imaginativly named and very odd sounding ones. Not all of the recipies are great, some of them just taste plain wierd, but I'm sure enough people will like even the oddest sounding ones to make it work.There is also a small se;ection of foods available, all of which is well pricesd and just as tasty as the smoothies.
5	I'm amazed no-ones commented on the absolutely fantastic pun in the name of this shop. Not too obvious, not resorting to smutty innuendo, and not remotely relevant to the shop. It's perfect in every way.Sadly, it's a smoothie bar, and no matter how you name or wrap these products up, they still all taste like slightly off banana. I'd still urge you to visit though, if only to pass your hard-earned to an entrepreneur with a sense of humour.
4	Juice Almighty is a bit of a beezer!Not only does its noble name suggest there is a lot of power up refreshments on offer, but this small assassin crouching just off Princes Street will attack all the nasty toxins in your body. Especially after a hangover!It's small, but it knows how to pack a punch. Its modern interior and fun approach to healthy drinks makes it all the more appealing!I'll admit, I wasn't brave enough to try the Popeye blend (it has SPINACH in it, whaaat?) but I was quite tempted by the Ginger Ninja. I ended up going for a fruity, zesty option and got more of my five a day than I have in a long time.Great for a zap of energy that will make your body that bit healthier!
5	Juice Almighty is a fabulous smoothie bar that also offers a great selection of snacks to, on top of all that it has an awesome name! It's also set in a great location and since discovering it, whenever I get off the train at Waverly station I'll nip round here for a morning smoothie, what better way to start the day than getting stuck into your five a day?As Stephanie has mentioned, the breakfast bags are ace and I'm not usually one for breakfast but this is perfect for me as nothing is too heavy and you can choose from a variety of goodies all of which are super healthy.I love this place and I'm really in the mood for a smoothie now!
4	Wow!  That's the word I'd use to describe the smoothies at Juice Almighty.  I'm a complete sucker for smoothies - if I could drown in anything (and I have no wish to drown unless absolutely necessary), I would drown in some kind of fruit-based smoothie.The aroma in the shop is enough to stir even the most reserved saliva gland, and the knowledge that you will be getting a good few portions of fruit for the day in one smoothie will sooth the mind.  Now, I'm not blown away by these super food thingys, so I tend to stick with some of the more classic combinations.A great shop - perfect for a cool refreshing release from a long day shopping in the summer.  Give them a go, and drink in the oh so fruity amazingness!
