5	Late night cravings for Colombian food then I would recommend this place. The environment is always up beat and fun. Friends and family gather here for a good time. The new cook, a young man in his late 20's early 30's has revamped the place and some how the food taste so much more appetizing. He is very courteous, polite and fast. If he doesnt have too many orders he'll even deliver the food so you won't have to get up. I recommend the patacon con carne desmechada its my favorite its a green plantain smashed n fried with shredded beef on top n they add crumbled chips n sauces.
5	I have to say this Colombian spot located on the southwestern corner of Sahara/Torrey Pines Dr, carries one of the most unique flavors in Colombian appetizers. I would strongly recommend #6 Patacon de Carne desmechada! You can't go wrong with it, and comes along with a very humble friendly staff! Enjoy!
5	Arepa Xpress is the only place in Vegas to get your fix of so many great Colombian treats!  I strongly recommend the Colombian style hot dogs, definitely a must! The best hot dog you've ever tried, I promise! It's colombian fast food at its best. U can even call in or text your orders ahead of time so they can have them ready for u. And now with the cold weather upon us they will bring the orders out to ur car, can't beat that!
5	I have never had an arepa before. And now, I am a big fan, we especially like the cilantro sauce served with it. The vegan arepa with the plantain and avocado is worth going to find this truck. Prices are good, the people are nice and we are happy they have such a lovely vegan option.
5	Food is amazing!!! Typical Colombian Arepas and much more!! I highly recommend it, can't wait to come back!!
5	Authentic Colombian food and it tasted amazing as well! Don't let the little truck fool you! Highly recommend it! Will definitely be coming back. Had the salchicha (hot dog) and it was perfect!
5	Great and easy place to stop for a bite right on my way home from work down W Sahara. It was my first introduction to Colombian food and now I try to go once a week! Really friendly and helpful staff; they make you feel like family. If you're a first timer, they'll explain the different items and make recommendations, but really, everything is delicious!
5	Anyone know where they are located or phone number? They are no longer at this location.
