4	New location on Peoria, just off the 101.  It's on the north side of the road, just east of 91st Ave. (old Fazolis location).Same great fast Mexican food, good prices, and they were busy on the opening day today (May 5th, of course!).  Hours seem restrictive, 7:00 am-8:30pm but oh well, it's great Mexican fare at unbeatable prices.Butter tortilla, anyone?
4	3 way burrito ($3.25).. not only is the name a whole lot of fun but it tastes awesome! Red chile, green chile and beans wrapped in one of their killer tortillas.. smooth, tender, creamy and delicious. Make it a foot long ($.90)and now were talking! Pair it up with their salsa and you're in for some great Mexican goodness!I mentioned the tortillas but I REALLY need to mention them again, they are fucking kick ass! Stretchy while tender with a slightly smokey char taste, this is about as perfect as a tortilla can get. Because they were so messed up with our order the manager gave us a free dozen.. they were just made too, hot and steamy in the plastic bag. I couldn't wait and ate one immediately.. my gawd, great Mexican experience. I love you Carolina, will you marry me?
3	After 4-5 visits since opening May 5th, I'm having trouble wanting to come back.  There are excessive delays in getting your food and a cluster of people standing at the side of the restaurant waiting for their orders too.  It's as if the location size (especially kitchen) can't handle the restaurant volume.I've figured out that this place is more expensive than I thought because you simply can't fill up on just one item.  It's nice that the burrito is only $3.25 or so, but it's not enough for a hungry adult - add your tostada, chips/salsa, taco, soda pop, etc. and you're easily approaching $10.
4	I am so excited to see Carolina's in the West Valley. There are not many places that I can enjoy Mexican food on my side of town and the price is right. You can tell by the long lines that we have been needing it for a while. Get there early on Saturday for Menudo cause they are usually out by 9:30.
4	I've been a fan of Carolinas for years, and eaten at all three valley locations. This location , a renovated Fazolli's, is the nicest of the three. The food quality is consistent with the orginal, but the service isn't . It may just be new staff at a new location and will hopefully improve with time. Make sure to get a dozen tortillas to go, these wagon wheel sized delights freeze well and can be enjoyed for weeks.
4	My first thought when I walked in this summer was: "5,000 flies can't be wrong." I was grossed out a little by the number of our flying friends but I gotta say, that's what your second hand is for - SHOO EM AWAY!This food is some of the best Mexican food I've had. They make homemade tortillas, and chips, and tamales, and, well..EVERYTHING! I love their shredded beef chimichanga, and their refried beans are to die for. Everything, actually, is terrific here. The FLAVORS are incredioble, the meat spicy and frangrant - the beans creamy and rich. Oh, it's like the Mexican Food equivalent of hearing Colin Firth swear undying love in "Pride and Prejudice"...you never tire of it.....well, except maybe the flies....We make the drive to Carolina's because it's great and we always take someting home "For later" like chips or tortillas. Their homemade goodness can NOT be beat by any other "quick mex" place. Carolina's kicks the ass of all the "Ass Burrito" places in the Valley - (and you know who you are- all you "BERTO" places!!)The only thinkg I would recommend to our friends at Carolina's is perhaps a fly strip or two.
3	Good cheap Mexican food, but like a previous comment, it gets harder and harder to keep going back.  The way they process orders is annoying, but that's not a deal-breaker if the food is worth it.  I've ordered breakfast burritos and enchiladas for lunch mostly.  Chips cost extra.  The salsa isn't remarkable.  Overall the food is just okay - good enough to stop by if it's on the way to somewhere else - not good enough to make a trip specifically to dine there.
2	I have eaten at the origin location for years...So, I was excited when they opened one on the West side of town. The first time we went the food was just as wonderful as the original location. We recently came back from a long trip away from home and was looking forward to some good Mexican food. We ordered enchiladas a side of beans...the beans were wonderful, but the enchiladas were horrible. They used to put them into a metal container and serve them smothered in enchilada sauce and melted cheese. I don't know if they were out of these containers or just trying something new but they served the enchiladas cold in a Styrofoam container. The cheese was unmelted, cold and really ruined our meal.
4	once fazoli's, now turned into mexican restaurant..  i wanted to try the place... but mexican food is so common around here.. so it is nothing special to me.. besides.. they taste pretty much the same.. right?well.. no..i walked in.. long line of people waiting to order..  i stared at the menu.. and so much to choose from..  everything sounded so good..  i ended up ordering enchilada combo plate..  did i mention they have different selection of fountain drinks with mexican juices? everything about the place felt pretty authentic..they make their own tortillas, chips, and everything else they serve.. you can taste the difference..  saw lot of hispanic people eating.. which shows their food is traditional and authentic.   only thing i don't like..  they close at 8:30pm and closed on sundays.. bummer..
5	Went on a Friday night, thank goodness we got there before 8:30pm.  They close at 8:30pm!  It was packed at 8:10pm!!!!  It smells so good.  I got the beef chimi with sour cream, 2 beef flautas, and 1 butter tortilla.  Everything was GREAT!  So happy to have Carolinas on the west side!
5	My favorite guilty pleasure. Order me the #9 and I've died and gone to heaven. Twice. (Once for each taco...) Seriously yummy. Quick. Affordable. Clean. They do take credit cards...And I haven't even mentioned their guacamole. Or their tortillas that some people drive from Paradise Valley and Scottsdale to get (people like this like to talk to you during their brief wait to get their order...).The only downside to Carolina's is they are so CRAZY BUSY that getting a parking place or a table is sometimes a challenge (even though they offer plenty of both). Don't let this discourage you, though. Go a little early for the lunch/dinner rushes or take a bit of patience with you...you won't need much...they'll get you in and out with plenty of time to spare.
5	I really wish that they had chosen another location for Carolina's as my office shares the same parking lot and it is way too easy for me to walk across the parking lot and grab some of the best grub around.  Very hard to keep in marathon shape when eating there 4 times a week-I am weak with the discipline. Their tortillas are the best in town hands down.  I had never tried a buttered or cheese tortilla until a co-worker ordered a few...very addicting.  They only have one salsa which is not fiery but has a kick, and their chicken burritos are just that, chicken and a tortilla.  No Chipotle style faire here.There is ample parking but seating can be a problem for those who don't work next door.Hit 'em up if in the area!
5	Carolina's has some of the best tortillas ever.  These were so good I brought 2 dozen to share with my family in Boston.  Sooo good.. I had my mom Fed Ex me some last week!
4	I think I'm in trouble. A Carolina's 5 minutes from my office in Peoria. I didn't realize this was the same Carolina's as the restaurant in Downtown Phoenix until this week, so I introduced the delicious, affordable, Mexican fare to my coworker. Compared to their original Phoenix location, this location is much more comfortable and clean. Although I appreciate the "taco stand" feel of the Phoenix location, the West restaurant is newer, cleaner, and a bit more welcoming. I overdid it on the ordering. I over-ordered. I was so excited I couldn't help it! I tried the green corn tamale, a chicken enchilada, and a soft chicken taco. I ate half of everything and was stuffed and saved the rest for dinner. I enjoyed the tamale the most. The size was good too - I'm sure most would say it was a bit on the small size, but I liked that it wasn't huge. My coworker ordered the chips to start and they were awesome. The salsa isn't chunky, but it's spicy and delicious. What else can I say?! Good cheap, fast, authentic Mexican food. If you're looking for a light, low-cal lunch, this isn't it. I have to mention the tortillas. I ordered a dozen to take home. I didn't realize they were close to 18" in diameter. I sure hope they freeze well. Carolina's claims they have the best tortillas - and I agree. The only things I didn't care too much for is the excessive amount of Styrofoam used and the fact that my hair smelled like corn tortillas the rest of the day. :)  Simple, delicious, authentic. Carolina's will not disappoint.
4	Delicious!I have never been to the Carolina's downtown, so this was my first experience with the place. I had some friends raving about their tortillas and talking about how they are the only ones they will use anymore, so of course my interest was peaked.  This combined with all the rave reviews and me and the husband decided to take the short trip this past Wednesday.The locations was clean, and the employees were polite. The menu is extensive so I caved and went with the number 9 since it had rave reviews in a previous review. The beans and rice were very tasty and the tacos tasted better than any other "taco stand" joint I have been to and best of all were not loaded with grease. The tortillas used in the tacos were thin and crunchy and boy did the NOT skip on the cheese. The husband ordered a chimichunga and he was pleased to find out  that it was only chicken inside (he has texture issues with onions and chilis) and he was over the moon with the "non chunky" salsa with a good kick to it. We tried a cheese tortilla (once again not super greasy at all) and a buttered tortilla. Next time we would do either a cheese tortilla or the chips, not both. We really did end up over ordering but for under $20 and lunch for the hubs the next day we really couldn't complain.We will be back, soon I hope. This is definitely on the guilty pleasure list.
4	This restaurant is just as good as it's original location in South Phoenix.  With that said I would rate Carolina's as the best fast food Mexican eatery in the Phoenix metro.  You really can't get any better than this, you can try, but I doubt you will.The location for the West Valley isn't bad right off of the 101 and Peoria Avenue.  Pretty centrally located considering the area.  The place is always clean, the workers are very friendly and add to a welcoming experience.You really can't beat the prices for the quality that you're getting.  The place is always busy and I can totally see why.  Serving very tasty food at a low price.  What else can you ask for?
4	Do all the cool kids hang out here? Yea they do! Once again Carolina's has won my heart with her fantastic tortilla's, once you have one you will be disappointed with any other! Both locations I have visited offer stellar tortillas! Thanks for being consistent! I had my usual Machaca (shredded beef with onions, chilies & spices) Burrito with Papas (potatoes) :P You gotta try one the beef is tender and juicy but not sloppy wet. It is seasoned to perfection with just a mild heat. The potatoes just add another dimension of deliciousness!My friend had the chicken burrito I tried it but did care for it. The chicken is a mix of white and dark meat and it was on the dry side. She put a ton of hot sauce on it. Also she said she thought it may be better mixed with beans and cheese. I will see you soon Carolina!
3	Had a pretty good dinner here the other night.  Wish they had a couple of different salsas,  the one they have is really hot and I like hot, but it was to hot, It would also be nice if they gave you a small bowl for salsa when you order and pay for the chips and salsa,  the tiny one ounce to go container is kinda hard to eat chips and salsa out of.  The chips were homemade and tasty.  The beans were really good and the fresh flour tortillas are awesome.  pretty disappointed in the enchilada,  the tortilla was really tuff and I wish I had a knife to cut through it,  also the sauce was not  very good.  This is a quick easy place to grab decent fast Mexican food.  Will be back for a bean and cheese burrito for sure
3	Let's deal with the elephant in the room first...this place is totally in an old Fazoli's.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it's the same weirdness as the generic Mexican joint housed in what was clearly a Pizza Hut once upon a time.Onto the food.  I had heard all sorts of amazing things about the other Carolina's, so maybe I was setting the bar too high, but I wasn't super impressed.  To me it's just average Mexican food, nothing spectacular and maybe even a bit too greasy.  Also, I know this is more of a fast food location and less of a restaurant, but it just seems odd to go to a Mexican food eatery that does not give you chips and salsa at the table.  Like an Italian place with no bread.  (Did Fazoli's serve bread?)My biggest beef with this place is the food containers.  Styrofoam city!  It's like McDonald's in the '80s over there.  We've always eaten there yet they always box the food up like it's to-go.  Piles and piles of cups and containers fill the garbage cans, which are probably emptied a staggering amount of times per day.  Yuck.Overall, I'm giving this place an "eh" three stars.  Not really worth it for me to drive through the goofy, wiggly part of downtown Peoria to get to.
5	Five stars because I just had the best tacos (of this type) in my entire life at this place!Yes, this is a fast food environment, yes they serve the food on paper plates, yes you bus your own table etc. etc. Who cares? Does everything have to be Durant's? The fact is, they do Mexican basics better than just about anyone. I had shredded beef tacos and a single chicken soft taco. Both were the best in their class I have had in my life--including those I've had on trips to Mexico. The hard shell is done in a similar style to what you would find at Filiberto's The soft taco, well, is was a soft taco, but made with Carolina's famous tortillas. Both were a perfect combination of spice, meat, and cheese, with the usual lettuce thrown on as an after thought. The salsa you get out of the little pumps by the soda fountain was also very good. Housed in an old Fazoli's or Pizza Hut or something, the atmosphere and appearance is similar to one of the newer Filiberto's, but the food sets it apart from the rest. Oh, and it is cheap. Love it!
3	I was meaning to try this place some time ago and I finally have gotten to lunch here on a couple of occasions. My first trip I had a shredded beef taco with a cheese enchilada combo with rice and beans ($5.15 with a drink, $1.15)  Very good.  On my second  trip I pigged and had an Oaxaca special burrito with mild chorizo, beans, potatoes, cheese and smothered with cheese and green enchilada sauce and a side of beans and rice ($7.25).  Everything I had was good.They have a person assigned full time to keeping the dining and drink area cleaned and even then the lunch rush has him falling behind keeping tables ready.This is a local family run chain of 3 locations with a lot of history in the valley.  Their tortillas made in house are really good.  While some may complain there is not a salsa bar or that the chips have a price tag on them their pricing structure has a lot of merit in that you can order what you want and pay only for that and nothing you may not wish to consume.  In that sense it can be a really inexpensive place to eat.While I would not consider this a destination place it is certainly a good value if you are in the area.  And based on the crowds that fill the place I am not alone in that idea.
4	When it comes to their flour tortillas, this place is it.  I definitely stop here every other week to enjoy some great burritos and they are pretty authentic when it comes to their red and chile sauces.  Don't expect bacon and egg breakfast burrito's because that is not mexican, see filibertos.
1	I came to Carolina's with high hopes.  I've heard so much about the location downtown that when I heard there was a location in my area - I was stoked.I ordered a burrito with beans, cheese, green chile and eggs.  I opened it to devour and the tortilla was so sopped with moisture that it completed fell apart.  I ate it as I could.  The potatoes tasted like the ones you get in the can, the eggs were watery and the beans weren't there.  Someone behind the counter charged me extra but failed to follow through.I will say that their tortilla with butter is good - but what ISN'T good when drenched in butter.  For good tortillas, go downtown to Glendale and go to La Purisima...don't waste your time with Carolinas.
4	We visited this place while we were visiting some foodie friends in Phoenix. They were raving about this place and I love me some Mexican food so they drug us here. Firstly, I didn't know what to expect because the place looks fast foody, but once you get your amazing food in front of you it's like the rays of heaven come down and shine on their tacos, anything weird or whatever about the place disappears. The chicken taco was A-Maz-In!!!! Stuffed with chicken, lots of cheese, pour some of their salsa on it... oh dear, I've gotten overexcited. :)I had a taco and two tamales, which weren't the greatest honestly, but I've eaten fresh homemade tamales most of my life so I'm a bit spoiled. They were made with beef instead of pork (my favorito), but the beef was good, just not my cup of tea. From what I understand, they don't serve any pork there which is just bummer but eh, their chicken is pretty good.I also had a bite of my friends red chili chicken burrito and was instantly jealous I didn't get one of those too. :( Let me say, they bought a package of their freshly made giant tortillas and...shudder. They were absolutely perfection. So yummy in the morning with melted cheese on them. I really liked this place and will definitely go back next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Mmmm, mmm! That's all I gotta say.  Okay, maybe I have a little more to say, like just try the double-wrapped beef enchiladas (#12), and you may be ruined for anything else on the menu.  While my family prefers the machaca beef burrito, I am hopelessly devoted to order #12.  Devine as well.It's arguably the best mexican food in Phoenix. Seriously.  I only give it four stars because I haven't tried anything else yet.
5	This place is ridiculous! Don't be thrown off by the new decor... They make their food just like the original Carolina's. Food is second to none when you compare price to quality. Red chili burro with cheese and double wrapped! Yikes! If you've never been here then you are in for a treat!
4	It's obvious that everyone that walks in the door here loves it. This is one of three Carolina's in the Phoenix metro.  I've wanting to try the original Carolina's near downtown but did not want to drive all the way down to "da ghetto" all "gangsta like" to eat some fast Mexican food.  I have been to both North and West locations and found them to be very good and consistent.  After standing in line to order like at a "taco stand" I sat down and noticed all the dishes coming out of the kitchen, and I started to almost drool.  Then my number was called and the funny urge to yell BINGO, but rather went up to the counter to get my piping hot Machaca Burrito with Papas and a side of chips and spicy salsa (served in styro-foam, ARGUE!!). While the salsa heat was almost too much for my taste buds, it was simply delicious and even took some home. Holy cow, this was amazing for the price.  As so many others have mentioned their tortillas are simply delish!! The beans were a good consistency, not too runny, not to dry and the rice had a great flavor.  Again the food is a great value for the price.In summary, despite that fact this place is NOT eco-friendly by using stryo-foam it is more over a place that is convenient off the 101 and Peoria if you're in the area looking for good, fast Mexican food. This is not necessarily a destination place to plan for but rather a place of convenience with tasty food.
5	Awesome Food!!!!! We love it! Thank you
4	Awesome Mexican foods ... not the gigantic burritos that some of the Berto's places have. This place is quality over quantity!  ... Get in line ,the vibe here keeps this place hopping! Enjoy.
4	good breakfast burritos
5	yummy yummy yummy !!! Even their rolled tacos are deliciouso !!
3	This is definetly in an old Fazoli's, I know because I help open it when it was built.Food here is hit or miss, the green chile chicken burrito is blah. Dry and tasteless.However, the hard shell chicken taco is very good. The cheese enchiladas are good but not great. I have had the chorizo and potato burrito and it is good,  but Ramiro's and Senor Taco do it better. This was my second visit, first time i could not rate them because they did not have green salsa. This time they did and I give that 4 stars. But, they guy behind the counter acted like they are doing us all some kind of favor by selling it "Oh, your lucky today, we have green salsa". I guess they run out-proof was my first visit- but while it is good, I am not dying to put it on everything, so it is not that good. El Paisano in El Mirage is a carneceria that has the BOMB green salsa. Why three stars-no carnitas or asada and the tortillas, well the are good but I don't crave them.I may be a guera ( I am the gringa that speaks spanish and busts all the cabrons talking shit) but let me tell you, I grew up in a Mexican family in Hatch, NM/Las Cruces/El Paso area and have had some spectacular tortillas and these don't even come close.
5	MmmMMmMMMm  Enough said!  This place ROCK!  Although sometimes around dinner time it can get pretty crowed, its well worth fighting Juan to get to your Enchiladas :)  The GM of Carolina's is a great guy too!  Yummy, inexpensive, quality, Mexican food!
3	I've definitely had better.  The food was good, but nothing I'd go back for.  I enjoyed the food at the little hole-in-the-wall across the street (Taqueria Los Angeles)  far more.  There was no comparison.  I ordered a couple machaca soft tacos and a chimichanga.  They were busy, but not overwhelmed.  It took 25 minutes to get my food.  People were getting a bit testy and a couple made a scene about the slow service. I think the tortillas would have been good, but the tacos were so wet, I couldn't pick them up without them falling apart.  The machaca was bland until I doused them with salsa... that I had to ask for.   The chimichanga was good... loaded with the machaca beef.  It was still a bit bland though, but salsa helped.I don't know if I'll go back.
3	Good food for the money.
3	The food is okay, the prices are really good.  I think their food is very greasy.  I love their shredded beef tacos!  Its definately a place you should try at least once.
4	Great food and close to my work. Haven't had a visit here without it being packed. They also sell their enchilada sauce here which I use everytime I make them for the family...sometimes cheating good lol.
4	Carolina's West is as every bit as good as the original Carolina's! Including the price for the amount of food you get, and you can actually find a parking spot at this location...I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they had a west side location, especially after trying the original spot. I questioned myself if the food was really that good for how far I'd have to drive. The answer was a resounding YES, and I almost flipped a table over when I discovered Carolina's accommodated the west side! Yay!
5	Are you kidding?! My first visit to Carolina's was divine! I live most of the year in Seattle dreaming about great Mexican food... This trip, I found what I was looking for at Carolinas. I'd read about the restaurants in several magazines and finally made it to the west location. My family and I sampled several dishes. The highlight being the enchilada sauce and tamales (red and green). I also enjoyed the taco and refried beans. All of the dishes satisfied my craving for authentic mexican food.Carolina's has rocketed to the top of my Arizona "must do" list. I will visit often!
2	Service wasnt friendly. Food not that great. They dont have carne asada.No street tacos. They are catering to the more American palate.
3	Seriously, what more do you need to say about Carolina's than fresh flour tortillas.  If you get nothing else from Carolina's get a dozen tortillas to take home and feast on for days.  You'll regret it if you don't.The rest of the food is pretty standard Mexican eatery fare.
5	Service is great. Food is delicious , cheap and filling. What else can I say...
2	I have given Carolina's several chances feeling that I was just not ordering the best items. The tortillas are not that good, no carne asada or black beans. This last try will be just that! I ordered a veggie burrito ASSuming it would have rice, beans and veggies. Nope I got home with a giant tortilla with lettuce, tomato and luckily I added guacamole. Still searching for a decent burrito in Phoenix that is not from Chipotle.
5	I think the bad reviews are missing the point of Carolina's. This is a home cooking style of casual restaurant. The rice and beans are just like nana makes. The tacos had real shredded beef and were overstuffed. The chips and salsa are fresh and made on site. It's not meant to be Abuelos or some other high end spot. It's genuine home cooking, fast, fresh, and cheap!  I think the number of people that were there for lunch today would also agree.
4	The food is always awesome.  Best in the area.   The people behind the counter need to pull their heads out of their asses.  Don't be rude to me if I ask for an extra bag to carry my food.  I'd be happy to let the food drop to the floor for you to clean up.
2	This place is a dive. Not to mention bad food. Enchiladas were cold when we finally got our order. The place is dirty beyond what is acceptable. The only upside was that it was cheap. There are so many other good Mexican restaurants... skip this one.
4	How anybody can complain about the food or service at this place makes me wonder about their sincerity. The joint across the street is ALWAYS empty so they may be a complainer. Not only is the food some of the best mexican at a fast food place (not a pick up but made to order) so you should expect to wait a while. As for the service, have you ever thought that you get what you give?. Try a smile and a pleasantry instead of grouching. We have been going to Peoria,s Carolinas since they opened and only once have I seen a male at the cash registers, it is always girls. I have never heard anyone be rude or abrasive to a customer. It makes a person wonder what the complainers expect, if you want waiter service, do you go to McDonalds?
2	I have been to the Carolina's Original Location many times and always enjoy but sadly this location does not boast the same consistency. I ordered a combination taco tostada and enchilada with rice and beans. What a mess was served, a tostada with beans on one edge covered with wilted lettuce and the cheese missed the top and ended on the rice. The enchilada was simmilar with only 1/2 with cheese and sauce strewn across the foam container. To complete the disaster the taco was broken in three sections and covered with lettuce to hide the mess. It might have been a one time mistake or a new cook and I will try again as I always enjoyed the original location and like this location.
5	I love this place....the staff is very had working.  Prices are great and food is wonderful.  Love the green chili chicken burro enchilada style...doesn't get better than that.  Best bet is to get it to go and have it with your own beer.
5	The best, most authentic Mexican food!I have eaten at most of the Mexican places in the valley during my life and while there are equals and many wanna be's, Carolina's is one of the greats!! I started at their original location many years ago, went to the east side location when I moved that way, and now I try to get to the west side location 2-3 times a month. As has been said before, the tortillas are fantastic!! The tacos are large, fresh and full of flavor. I get the beef or machaca (you have to ask) tacos and a red chili burrito when I visit. The red chili has the tart, earthy, smokey flavor that authentic chili sauce should have. The re-fried beans are fresh and made with lard the way they should be. Don't let the word lard scare you!! Real re-fried beans are made with it and that is what gives them the creaminess and flavor that all fried beans should have!The staff has always been friendly, and while I cannot speak for others, there are tons of people working behind the counters and I have never had anything but quick, friendly service. The ordering line ALWAYS stretches to the door (or out the door) and the 'to go' area is ALWAYS packed. That says something about the place's quality.
5	I have grow up in Arizona with Mexican food and this place is THE BOMB!!  I am very picky when it comes to my Mexican food (No one can compare to my Nana, God rest her soul) I am addicted to their hot sauce.  You have to take some tortillas home with you or you will have to drive back just for them.  It is like fast food there, food served in Styrofoam and plastic silverware so if you can get over that you will not be disappointed.
1	Sorry but once again I don't get it. This is a nice place, salsa out of pumps....oh you fancy huh. This is within walking distance from the new pad. I went against my better judgement.....kicking and screaming mind you. Decided to give this place another go or 5....maybe this location is better? The first time we tried it they were closed, the second time we barely made it. No carne asada? No chile relleno? Why God why must you toy with me?!?!? This place is NOT the best place.....the green sauce isn't green at all it's GREY people!!! You know what makes it that color? Flour.....more like gravy. You like the tortillas I could care less really its a super large thin tortilla there's nothing special about it. CALM DOWN. The kid behind the counter tells me to try the breakfast thats their specialty. My 3rd Carolinas attempt was for breakfast and once again I was very underwhelmed. I have tried basically everything on the menu all this stuff is pretty basic and a major let down. The rice and beans are good fyi.
5	Carolina's West is not only friendly, but their food is incredible! My usual is the red and bean burrito, enchilada style. Their red chili is rich with chunks of beef, combine that with their delicious beans wrapped in a tortilla that's large enough to be a baby blanket topped with enchilada sauce, cheese and scallions, and you have a meal that good enough to slap your nana over! Carolina's West, a happy, family environment that once you experience it, you'll keep coming back over and over again. Tell Gina and Anna that I sent you.
3	Dicey to review a mexican food stop in Phoenix.  It's like trying to determine the best painting by Andy Warhol - subjective all the way and chances are you will find plenty of people who think his work is crap.Authentic?  who the hell knows?  For me, I found a menu item I love and can eat it all day long here.  Have tried to recreate the taste at other establishments and haven't for twice the price or more.  So, Carolina's serves a purpose for me.  An infrequent indulgence of my favorite burrito and consistently prepared.Peace
5	Awesome!! Plain and simple.
3	I've been meaning to review them since we first went there and now I'm glad I didn't.we've  been going there for about 7 months or so. First I fell in love w/ the shredded beef enchiladas and had them every time we went. But then they quit cooking the corn tortillas before they filled them,.. Yuk! So after a few of those I tried the red chile burrito... Again I loved it. Probably the last few months that has been my go to at least 2xs a week. But now (the last 3 or 4 xs) they have cut how much meat they put in it. And while I'm a fan of the sauce and the tortilla, Its just a large wet tortilla without the meat... Again Yuk! Last night was the last time for us. I wish I had taken a pic of it. The tortillas are huge , there was more than enough sauce and maybe 10 small pieces of meat. Really? That meat didn't fill 1/4 of the burrito !! I think we're done.
5	Awesome service!! Awesome food!! Awesome prices!! for the last 10 years this place has always hit the spot!! i used to go to the one in south phoenix but have started going to this one when i found out about it a year ago.
5	I'm from South Texas where Mexican food flows like rivers of milk and honey. Been living in AZ a couple of years and have been on a mission to find the ultimate taste of Mexican food from home.  Boy, oh boy. My husband took me here one afternoon.  I ordered a green chile burrito. Let's just say that my husband kept talking and I had to tell him to stop talking to me because my food was so flavorful that I didn't want to waste my energy talking but instead focusing on the party of perfect blend of spices, juicy succulent gravy, warm fresh flour tortilla and the earthy flavor of green chiles going on in my mouth!  Amazing!    Yes. Yes. Yes. A definite treasure this place is.
2	Just had these guys food via take out at work. mild and bland. Beans were runny.little flavor from the enchiladas. Definitely recommend carrumbas or macayos over these guys.
4	I've been going to Carolinas for almost ten years starting with the location in downtown Phoenix. While I still hold that this location isn't quite the same, it is still very delicious. Green chili burrito, red beef tamale, and a machaca taco are all solid choices for lunch or dinner. The beans are amazing. Whatever you get, get rice and beans, promptly mix together and mouthgasm.
4	Just had lunch here and while the wait was a bit longer than I would have liked, the amount of food for the price is the real value.  I ordered one of the combos and I didn't come anywhere near being able to finish it.  In the future I would skip the tostada as it was bland at best, but the taco and cheese enchilada were wonderful.
5	Such good food! Always stop there once or twice when I'm in Phoenix.
5	I have been driving past this place for 5 years now, ever since I moved to Phoenix and finally decided to try it. the restaurant was clean and the employees were very friendly.all of the good was great, we had beef enchiladas, tamales, and even a chimichanga. My family and I are looking forward to going back!
4	Are you craving your nana's red chile with fresh tortillas but she happens to be maybe in another state!!!! Well here is some good news, out here in the valley, we have Carolinas! I was craving a red chile burro with some beans, I mean really craving it and I was out on the west side and knew where I had to stop!  That's right, Carolinas! Oh yea!Ordered a red chile & beans burro & shredded beef taco, let me tell you, it was delish!!  They also offer a 3 way baby!!! Clean up your mind son, we are still talking food, it's a red chile, green chile and bean burro,,,that right there is burrito bliss I tell ya!Was sad when the burro was gone, but my craving was satisfied, looking forward to the next time!
2	Let me explain why this place deserves no more than 3 stars:They shout customer orders over a loud speaker like you are getting a wake-up call via the 1MC on a US Navy ship.  No, that is not a good thing!  Plus, it is crowded, packed, and very loud.People seem to come here for the cheap food ($5-6 per order), but you get what you pay for.  Carolina's West personnel throw bland food in a styrofoam carton and expect you to be content with some various combinations of lettuce, beans, cheese, and tortillas.  The taste is totally bland.Abuelos, which is just a couple miles to the north, is a much better option for Mexican food.  Don't say that I didn't warn you!!!
1	I don't get the obsession with this place. The tortillas are fresh but other than that everything is literally dripping in grease but not much flavor. Service is also slow considering it is set up as fast food. Plus any place that closes on Sunday gets an automatic loss of a star from me.
4	Check out my review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/29865866478/
5	Great food and tortillas
4	Despite that the inside itself is a little rough around the edges I give them four stars because I've never ordered anything off the menu that wasn't delicious. It's a very casual place. I'm not sure I would even go as far as calling it a Resturuant, it's more so fast food type joint. So you can't expect all the bells and whistles. What you can expect is good food and who cares about the rest as long as your appetite is satisfied! It's a busy location so the staff is always trying to do their best at keeping up with the line and getting orders out. I've even used their catering on two separate occasions and was still very pleased. So if you want some authentic Mexican food, I doubt Carolina's will disappoint. They don't always have a crowd for nothing!
4	I was in the area today at lunch time and decided to stop in to try the food I have read rave reviews about. I arrived just after noon and the place was pretty busy. The line to order reached all the way to the door. The food smelled delicious and made my tummy growl with anticipation. It is always hard to decide what to try first when trying a new restaurant. I went with the enchalada & tamale combo. The wait was pretty short for as busy as it was and the price was right. I liked the enchalada, the tamale was great but I wasn't wild about the red sauce over everything. The rice and beans were amazing! I wish I would have ordered a couple flour tortillas to go with my meal and I will be returning to give them a try. The burritos people were eating around me looked amazing as well.
4	The lines alone should show you how amazing the food is at this restaurant! My family loves to eat here. The food comes out and is served in a styrofoam containers which is a let down but do not let that fool you, because the taste is spicy! They have amazing different salsas to taste as well. Do not pass up on desert either, they have the best!
4	Compared to the similarly set up Caramba's, this place almost rocked my world. The price, the vibe, the food-all of the above.I met a girlfriend from high school here for dinner at her suggestion and since I love Mexican food and had such a lame experience at Caramba's I jumped at the chance. I ordered my typical test drive meal at a new place. 2 crunchy tacos one shredded beef, one shredded chicken with refried beans, rice and a small side of guacamole. Our food was ready quickly, and my tacos were wonderful. Both of them were great as was the just fried little grease dripping taco shell. The beans were tasty and the rice was great and luckily had no carrots or peas. The guacamole was average. This is not fine dining. This is not fancy. This is really good freshly made food and I will be back hopefully next month when I am back in town.
3	Delicious food; terrible service. After no greeting, no smile, a 16 minute wait for a combo, no apology, no "thank you," and a very sloppy container delivered to me, I was done. The food, however, was so good that I had to bump up the rating a notch or two. Because of the food, I'll give it one more try, but the service needs to be better.
1	There was 9 people before me that got there order , our order was simple and I had to go to them and say I see my order sitting there. I did grab a to go menu button rolled up in a ball and threw it in the parking lot.  Junk service when busy that's for sure.  You may see a line to the door, but I'm thinking its because they are sooo slow.  I do hope the food is better than the service.  Wait, it must because how much worse than junk does it get.  I will not be back and don't recommend.   Your reputation did not meet the standards I would have expected based on the plaques on the wall..  I go out to dinner 3-4 Days a week.  If you remotely like even Good food, this is Not the place for you.
5	I had never heard of this place until recently.  I'm a fan of mexican food from around the valley and when offered to try this place I was up for it.  The first time I ate here it was amazing, and everytime after has been better.  In the last month i've probably eaten here about 6 times.The 1 thing I would like change about this place is they need more variety when it comes to salsa, I personally would like something hotter, but aside from that this is as good as it gets either for a quick fast food mexican type place or a sit down authentic restaurant.
5	Always love their food, a bit pricey but you pay for the quality!
3	Enchiladas were ok. Don't both with the chips and salsa. The chips are cold and prepackaged and the salsa wasn't the greatest. Hubby enjoyed the tacos.
2	Went here the other day with the family, I had heard their food is great. I have got to quit listening to these folks!!! This place blows!! The food is very bland the chili sauce is more than mild. The tacos which I had were cold and tasteless, the enchilada sauce was more like mole sauce?? did not expect that. Beans were okay but that was about it oh I almost forgot the chorizo was pretty good other than that the folks who give this high marks obviously have never had real Mexican food.
5	Been a fan for years! Always good and cheap! Big portions too! #10 green with chicken is the best. Green tamales are excellent!
5	Love their prices & casual atmosphere. Great value & good food !
5	I stopped on way home to pick up dinner yesterday after a pretty bad day. Bought tortillas, and quarts of hot sauce, green chile, machaca and beans. I had everything in a box. As I went to put everything in my truck, it all spilled in the parking lot. Instead of crying, I went inside to ask for something to clean up the mess I created. They cleaned up the mess and replaced all of the food I dropped without charging me. They did not have to do this and I was very grateful since it was my mistake. Not only is their food some of the best Mexican food in town, their staff and management are awesome. Thank you CAROLINA'S for making my day!!!!!
5	I LOVE this place!!! The food is excellent and the workers are so nice. I always get the same thing, the Oaxaca burrito which is amazing and a taco which is also really good, hence why I get the same thing every time lol. I've also tried the red & green chili which are really good too. I have nothing bad to say about this place just go and try it NOW!
3	First, the only reason this place gets three (3) stars is because of the food. The food is great! Probably the best Mexican food on the (very) west side. The reality of this place: It doesn't seem like anyone pays much attention to cleanliness. The two (2) times that I did dine in were enough. Food left on tables for over an hour; workers handling food after mopping (granted it was their own food, but if they do it to their own food...); and trash on the floors. All-in-all: The food is great, but the facility is a dump. Do yourself a favor and get takeout.
4	Stopped in for lunch on Saturday just before noon. It was busy as usual but not too bad. I had a green corn tamale and my hubby had a #3 combo that included a taco, tostada and enchilada with rice and beans. There is limited seating so while I was in line he went and found us a seat. It took quite a while for our food to come out. My tamale was good although there was more masa than meat. It did have good flavor though. Hubby really liked everything except the red sauce on the enchilada. It almost tasted like someone dumped a bunch of red chili in the pot and didn't finish cooking it. I would definitely not order anything with that sauce on it again. The beans and rice were very good.
4	Happy to live so close this Carolina's, it makes a great option for dinner when I don't want to cook. It's one of the few "fast food" places my family will order from these days.They have the best homemade tortillas and refried beans.  I like that they have Diet Dr. Pepper in the fountain and my husband loves the horchata drinks, both are self serve.  My favorite is the Oaxaca burrito, my husband always orders the beef tacos, and the kids order burritos.  The tamales are good as well, sometimes better then other times.  You can also buy their chorizo by the pound and the tortillas by the done which we do and make breakfast burritos at home. The location is easy to find at the 101 off Peoria.  We can feed our family of four (2 teenagers) for right around $20 with drinks.  Just remember they are closed on Sundays!
5	I haven't stopped in for a couple/few years - still as good as I remember!I cook for a living, and I very seldom eat out. This was well worth my hard earned money. Keep up the good work chefs!!
4	I always call in my order and take it home. Food is great but ,if you eat there its too busy. The noise level is to high . I can't find  Mexican  food place with better food.
4	Awesome food just as the one on cave creek,  can't beat the prices...  excited to find this location closer by..
4	lately it's been hit or miss, but today was a hit.  machaca, beans and rice for about $6, great deal.  hot, tasty, and this time not stingy on the portion, really enjoyed it.
2	As I read other reviews about this place, I've come to realized that I might have ordered the wrong items because I was disappointed with my entire meal!I'm from the mecca of Mexican food (Southern California), so I know what good Mexican food is about!!!My husband and I decided to take a trip over Valentines weekend to Arizona to check out the Dodger's spring training in Glendale. I told him that we had to try out Arizona's version of Mexican food so he asked a local to recommend a great Mexican restaurant and they told us about this joint.  I got the two tamale plate with red sauce and my husband got the carne asada burrito along with chips and salsa. I didn't enjoy the tamales because it had a weird taste to it and the burrito was dry. The beans were actually the best part of the meal. The salsa could have been a little better, but the chips did seem fresh and crispy. Yeah, the places is a little run down and not "clean" as others say, but that type of stuff doesn't really bother me.
4	Tried this based on a review by Seftel in the Republic. Really good down-home Mexican food! Hubs had a red Chile burrito, I had green Chile Machaca. Flavor was excellent, meat very lean, tortilla perfect. Green corn tamales also very tasty.
3	Great homemade tortillas but meat was bland. Needed to use outside sauces and salsa to flavor, but maybe that's deliberate. Floor needed to be swept a little but appeared very clean otherwise. Very casual/simple dining, almost like fast food. Not a sit-down and be served by a waiter place; you stand in line and your food is handed to you on a plastic tray. Other reviews I've read seemed to have been expecting a traditional sit-down restaurant and that's just not what this place is. It's very laid back but the food is real good.
3	Pretty decent food, popular with the older community. Service is hit and miss. Not a fan of the salsa, very tomatoey not enough kick.
5	Very casual and everything is ridiculously cheap and flavorful. Best fast food Mexican bar none. Closed Sundays!
5	Carolina's is amazing! Best Mexican food in Arizona! My wife and I come here at least once a week and the food is always delicious.  Sometimes they get crazy busy and it takes a while to get your food but that's because everybody knows the food is worth the wait! If you haven't gone here GO NOW! Your missing out
4	I am tempted to give 5 stars because they have good prices. In terms of food I'd say that their tortillas are good it's what makes their burritos worth eating. Their machaca burrito was good, their red chili burrito was good, but I wasn't a fan of the green chili burrito. I can't recall ever having a green chili burrito that was as gelatinous, it was almost like a gravy which in itself isn't bad - but is when it's more gravy than meat. I'd say it's more of a gravy burrito then green chili burrito. My idea of green chili burrito is one you'd get at St. Mary's tortilla factory in Tucson (which also has way better red chili burritos too lol but I digress).All I've eaten are the burritos here which I would say overall are good. While their prices are good it's not mega cheap...just cheap..because I eat quite a bit and I need 2 burritos to make a dent while in Tucson I can go to BK's and get full off one and it's about the same price. But still it's priced very reasonably (I lived in california for a bit and I'd say these sized burritos would be like 6 bucks while a burrito like one at BKs might be 9.50)I shall update when I have the litmus test - carne asada. I don't expect it to be as good as BKs because I don't smell mesquite grilling the meat but maybe they use good spices - keeping an open mind lol.
2	One word!!!  Dirty!!!  I read the other reviews and thought maybe it was an off day!  OMG!!!  How hard is it to keep a place clean?  On the food side the tortillas and beans are awesome!  Rice is sub-par.  The red chili was also very tasty.  The prices are great!  This would be a much better place to eat if it were kept clean!!!  I took a friend for the first time this past weekend and boy was I embarrassed!  Won't be back there with so many other great Mexican options in the Valley!!!
1	While the food is excellent and we won't stop getting it I can only give 1 star for a pretty petty policy they have.  While ordering 3 quarts of bean, 2 dozen tortillas and 12 tacos it's pretty obvious that I'm not going to eat it there.  When we ask for a container to put some hot sauce in the answer is we can sell you some if you want a larger container.  So off to the salsa station and fill up 10 or 15 of the little salsa cups and try to balance them going out the door.  You would think with an order like that and the amount it cost they would accommodate you with a container of salsa.  I guess when your food is that good and you are packed all the time you don't have to worry about customer service.
1	Food was good customer service was horrible I called in an order took 40 mins will never go back
1	They have the worst customer service and organization.  Called ahead for order.  Arrived and paid for it said they would call me when ready, assuming few minutes.  Fifteen minutes later people coming in and ordering after I paid got there food.  When I could get someone's attention and asked about my order it was just sitting there.  No apologies or anything.  40 minutes even after calling ahead is bad.  This is not the first time but will be the last.....
1	I've heard of this place from several people and they just rant & rave about it...... Was in peoria the other night so stopped in to try it.  customer service was horrible!!  Food was nothing to speak of.  The hot sauce was like water-gross!!  The containers where you get the hot sauce was soooooooooo dirty from people slopping it all over and their were chips spilled in the containers it seriously made me lose my appetite!!  They should hire someone to keep up on the dining room when their that busy , the place look like a s#%t hole!!  I would NEVER step back in there- disgusting !!
3	We checked out this hole in the wall after staying at a nearby resort just because of yelpers. It was good. We weren't overly impressed and never made our way back but it is worth checking out if you're in the area and want a fast food feel but more authentic mexican.
4	Here is the straight dope on Carolina's/Peoria:  If you are looking for super friendly service, keep looking. The service is inconsistent.  If you are looking for fast and competent, you will find it here most of the time.  If you are looking for a perfect order every time, keep walking.  If you take the time to thoroughly check your order, you will be satisfied, but you cannot be afraid to speak up. Sometimes they undercook the tacos which makes them seem stale.  The salsa is improved.  The chips are good. The beans and rice are yummy. When it is super busy, you will not like most anything about it, but it is super busy because it is good food, so what do you want?  Also, they keep the AC on about 85 so be ready to sweat. Now, the cleanliness issue.  There is an issue with cleanliness in the front of the house.  The back of the house seems to be kept much cleaner. For this reason, I get my food to go. I do NOT order beverages. The machines seem very unkempt and not maintained. I get the heeby jeebies just thinking about the bacteria in the ice maker and drink machines.  So that's my two cents.
1	This place used to be good.  I don't know what has happened recently but the food is always cold, and the orders are rarely correct.  Hope management gets their act together because I now have to find another favorite casual mexican food place.
2	Cold food again. I live in the neighborhood so I've eaten here many times over the years.  Used to be a great place but the quality of the food and service has really gone down a lot over the last few months. I won't be back.
1	Had heard people rave about this place so we finally tried it.  ABSOLUTELY THE WORSE MEXICAN FOOD I have ever eaten.   First the chips were cold and stale.  The sauce was overwhelming.  When our entres arrived, our enchiladas and tamales were swimming in that lukewarm sauce.  The beans were cold and the rice tasted funky.  Cashier surly!   Will never go back again.  I would have liked to have given negative stars for this restaurant.
2	We came here on a Saturday night instead of our usual Caramba's because the hubby said he loved it. We have 4 children, two under two, so on a Saturday night around 6 pm is not the best time to visit. After reading so many reviews of sub-par food and cleanliness I am feeling better about being underwhelmed when we visited.  We had two kids meals, a taco plate, and I got the green tamale and a carne asada taco, chips and salsa, and 6 flour tortillas to take home. My carne asada taco was ok. Not special by any means. My tamale on the other hand was really good. It was a good size, not skinny and small like others I have had, and was moist and full of flavor. The flour tortillas were also really good, I always love homemade tortillas. (Who doesn't?) The salsa was not good at all, I literally didn't eat any after tasting it. It was also dispensed out of weird containers near the soda machine. Very disappointing from a Mexican place that is supposed to be authentic! I make better at home!! I didn't get to try the other dishes with being busy with my two little ones just sitting in the booth because there were no high chairs. Despite others reviews an the cleanliness issue, I think we will go back when we think it might be slower to give it one more try, but just based on this trip-- it is not half as good as Caramba's just down the street! ( We also spent at least $10 more!, more reason to go to Caramba's!)
1	I guess I'm just spoiled from living in New Mexico my whole life (best mexican food EVER).  This place had been recommended to me by pretty much everyone when I told them I was looking for NM style Mexican food. We finally made it here & I was stoked! The girl behind the counter kept answering the phone while we were ordering, another worker was walking past us cursing at another employee...awwwwwkward. Now I'm willing to look past all of that IF the food is good, sadly disappointed doesn't even begin to cover it.  I ordered a carne asada chimichanga & my husband ordered the chorizo & potato combo plate.  The food came out quickly & my husband couldn't figure out what he was looking at on his plate.  It was just ground beef on top of mashed potatoes. Every place he's ever been has served it with fried potatoes & actual chorizo. Is this normal for AZ?  He didn't even want to eat it the food was so bland. I cut into my chimi & couldn't believe the meat that was coming out of it...boiled dry hamburger meat.  This was absolutely not carne asada. I gave it a shot thinking that at least if it's flavorful it won't matter. Nope. Bland, dry absolutely NO flavor. The guacamole on top was great & the tortilla wasn't heavy from being fried, it was nice & light.  But what's a chimi without yummy fillings?! I couldn't even finish it, we both had weird artificial aftertastes in our mouths as we were leaving. Blech. Sorry, but this is a huge "never again" for me.
5	No frills Mexican food. Nothing gourmet, nothing fancy, just tasty food at a good price. It's often crowded but if you're taking it home, phone in the order. You'll be in and out in minutes. My only issue is that they are closed on Sundays.
3	I love to come here in the morning and have tacos and get fresh made tortillas.  But service us starting to go down. There are some employees who avoid you when you ask for things and try to shove you off to ask somebody else. There are some still good employees but very few. I would give more stars cause I like the food but the service needs to improve
5	reading these reviews is hilarious. This is NOT abuelo's.. you're not going to find gourmet Mexican food here. If you're from So Cal.. go home and eat.Mexican food is just as diverse as the languages and dialects that reside within Mexico. I grew in a border town. This is as close to THAT type of Mexican food as I have ever found, anywhere. The hot sauce.. not salsa..hot sauce is right on the money. If I had to guess, I'd have to attribute it to the use of Mexican oregano as opposed to oregano usually found in Italian dishes. This is the best menudo that I have found anywhere. The red chile is fantastic. The green chile is awesome. I have never been disappointed.  I have seen it be a little dirty. They could be more diligent about wiping table and making sure that garbage bins get emptied. But nothing worse than you will see at any fast food place with high volume.  Yes, they do holler your order number out when it is ready.. and her voice cuts through that place like fingernails on a chalkboard... it's not abuelo's.
1	This place sucks plain and simple I won't be coming back. I order a carne asada wet burrito. The salsa they use is from a can. The agua frescas suck too. There's a smell that won't go away maybe because they sell fresh chorizo.
5	It is a hole in the wall place but they have good food! I' m from the south so Mexican food to me is very different than back home and this is as close to home as I can get for Mexican food.
3	Went to Carolina's for dinner. We love their mini chimis. I ordered the beef mini chimis w/ rice & beans, no guac or garnish, and sour cream on the side. My boyfriend got the same thing except chicken. The place was very busy. It was funny waiting for our number to be called because they'd call a number before ours, then a number after, then another number before, etc. We were bound to come up sometime! :) And then ours was ready. They got the order exactly right. We split our beef & chicken so we could have both. I liked the beef a lot more than the chicken, personally. The chicken tasted too much like dark meat. The shredded beef was moist & tasty. Crispy, fried exterior... Yum yum! The rice & beans are nothing special... Could use more seasoning. Go to Valle Luna for good rice & beans. But the chimis here are great! And they have yummy tortillas too. Though it's not the cleanest place I've been to... there was a lot of hot sauce spilled on the floor. =/
3	Who is cooking today is what you eat. Today was a mess, taco broken in 3 pieces and a partially rolled enchillada coved eith lettuce. Flavors were ok but very sloppy presentation. Not a good day at this location.
4	Great place to grab some low cost Mexican food that tastes amazing.  Go early and grab a breakfast burrito.  Don't go in expecting a high class restaurant.   This place is not about the atmosphere...... here it is all about the food
1	Was on the hunt for tamales and wanted to give Carolina's a try. It was a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed! There were people waiting for tables. I ordered a red beef tamale and a green corn tamale. My friend got the combo with a red beef and their "special" green chicken tamale, which the cashier said was "really good." We waited a long time to get our food. When it finally did come out, I was shocked to see how small they were! Holy cow. Not only that, but they were mostly masa... hardly any meat inside. What a disappointment! I'll go back for mini chimis, but tamales? Never again!
