5	Yum!This place is dangerously close to my house. I sometimes go on this horrible milkshake binges, and Maggiemoo's is fresh and delicious at a great price.They've got a great selection of flavors, and they ice cream cakes are fantastic. It's also nice to be able to get the ice cream cupcake...you usually think of ice cream cakes as being for special occasions only, but the ice cream cupcake concept lets you just get one whenever you want.
1	The other Maggie Moo's locations have closed, but somehow this one hangs on.  I made the mistake of taking some friends in there the other night, though, and it was kinda gross.  The ice cream itself was OK, nothing to write home about but it did the job.  But, if you're an ice cream place that does mix-ins, your marshmallows should not be so stale they're positively chewy.  We sat and ate ice cream in the shop before going our separate ways home, and the place had a definite industrial cleanser stench that was hard to ignore.
4	Ice cream was very good... have some interesting mix-ins to choose from.  I decided to go with the Cheesecake Break and I was not disappointed.  I think the teddy graham mix-in is what put this flavor combo off the charts.When we originally came into the store, no one was there to greet us, but a nice young lady came out and fixed our ice cream for us.  She was pretty meticulous with the mix-ins and did a good job.
3	Tried them once, nothing to come back to. A bit pricey compared to other ice cream establishments. And the ice cream wasn't all that good.
2	Place is dirty.  Both bathrooms were out of order.  Young lady was very nice.  Will not go back.  Placed smelled like industrial cleaner.
1	Do not waste your money!We purchased a Groupon for this ice cream, thankfully!!!  It was just terrible.  We had never been before, but love Cold Stone so we thought we'd try it since we were in the area.  The ice cream looked old, and after trying it, tasted like nothing.  :(It is also very expensive (4.99 for a small).  Above all, it was incredibly dirty in there!  Both restrooms and the drinking fountain were out of order.  We will not be back.  Not even worth a Groupon!!!  :(
1	Glass door shattered and sign says "be gentle opening/closing door", both bathrooms out of order and a hand written sign saying only 2 samples per customer. Ice cream is just ok IMO and overpriced for the quality.
5	It's ice cream! I didn't go in to use the bathroom, so they might have been out of order. I did go in for ice cream. The young ladies working there were very sweet and the ice cream was delicious. They gave us some samples and were very courteous. Omnomnom.
3	I live Maggie Moos but it seems they're out of red velvet ice cream most of the time.  I guess with it being a best seller.....but that should be a clue to have more readily available.  The staff is always friendly which is a plus and last time I tried a flavor I had never tried.
4	Choice of Ice Creams and toppings amazing. Only downside was not seating. Had to take ice cream outside, in the heat, started to melt immediately. Lots of people hovering at the front door. But enjoyed it nevertheless.
4	4.2 Stars -This is a mini version of Coldstone Creamery and just about as good....maybe better. I got a double scoop of Dark Chocolate and plain Sweet Cream (which sholud be renamed BUTTER CREAM!) Inside of a dipped cone. This was very yummy as the flavors were bold and rich. They offered toppings but I was content to just have the ice cream naked! Very delicious on its own.Overall an EXCELLENT choice for a frozen treat while in the University area!
