4	Delicious Thai food! Incredibly fast, friendly service. We enjoyed the lunch specials of pad Thai and pad see ew.
5	One if the best Thai restaurants in the area. When some one  asks for a  Thai restaurant recommendation, I'll  send them here.  Their curries are great, not too sweet, which is the hallmark of a quality Thai place. They have an  menu that leaves everyone happy. I will definitely be back to try more. Service is fast and very friendly.
4	Very clean restaurant, extensive menu, and the takeout we got was delicious.  Spicy noodles, red curry, tom kha soup and shrimp spring rolls were all memorable.  The rolls were incredibly fresh.  There are whole kaffir lime leaves in the soup, which is a good sign that the chef cares.  Let's see, what else.. I love that they packed our takeout order with cardboard at the bottom of the plastic bag to keep items from tipping.  Attention to detail!  Prices are reasonable.  Give this place a try, for sure.
5	Good, inexpensive Thai cuisine, well presented and no corners cut even as they keep their prices down. The service is friendly and the place is cozy and conveniently located. While parking in front of this commercial strip facing St. Joe's hospital is very limited, there is ample parking behind - as is known by those who frequent the popular 5th Avenue Cafe which happens to be their neighbor.
4	Yum...so excited that a tasty Thai place just opened in Central Phoenix!  Nice atmosphere, attentive and friendly staff, and delicious food.  We tried the shrimp rolls, steamed potstickers, pad see ew and rad na.  Everything was fresh, flavorful and quite tasty!  This will certainly be our go to Thai place in Phoenix!
3	A friend and I went here this weekend after reading the great reviews (and since it is in my 'hood). I was so excited to try it! Unfortunately, it didn't exactly live up to the glowing reviews. The space is nice, very quiet and relaxing, and the service was attentive. I ordered the spicy noodles and my friend had the pad see ew. Although both dishes seemed fresh, with fresh veggies and juicy chicken, the flavor was lacking. Hers was almost completely flavorless. Mine, ordered 'hot' was also fairly bland... more of a medium spicy and lacking seasoning. I would like to and probably will try this place again, as it is close to my house, and hope that other items (such as curries and soups) are more flavorful.
5	Very good Thai food and service! Brand new and very clean interior. The Thai tea was at the perfect sweetness, the Tom Kom Kai (coconut soup) was unique and very pleasing.
4	Amazing Thai for the price. I will be back soon!I had the Duck Noodle Soup and it was fabulous. Our service was wonderful, the spice station is as advertised... HOT! Also enjoyed the Shrimp Rolls to appetize my pallet before the duck rodeo. The menu is what you would expect from Thai but also included some Chinese items such as orange chicken.Overall, this place excelled. I didn't give it 5 stars because I have given 5 stars to a Thai spot already, and that spot is on another level.
3	My sister-n-law and I ordered from here for a late lunch/early dinner. We called to see if they did delivery and were informed that the delivery guy had left for the day already. It wasn't a huge deal because the place is so close, so I biked to pick it up. They said it would be ready to go in around 15-20 min. First thing that made me nervous when I got there was I didn't see a bike rack, sign, pole, anything to lock my bike to, so I had to leave it sitting right outside the store for the world to walk off with. Otherwise, the place looked nice and clean, the lady had my order ready and was polite and quick with processing my payment. After I got home I was excited to see the food. I had ordered Chicken Spicy Noodles  (med. spicy) with an added side of sticky rice and my sis had ordered Pad Thai Chicken.Both main dishes looked delicious (a little sloshed due to the ride back) but delicious. The only 'ugh' thing was the side of sticky rice, it looked horrible. It was packaged in a little fold over sandwich bag and seemed very stiff. ((I'm not the best cook but the only time my sticky rice looked like that was when I had overcooked or reheated it wrong)). Once I took it out of the bag I feared the rice was a lost cause, I had to pry a chunk off just to try. Needless to say I was hoping that it tasted better but I was wrong there too. I ended up tossing it.The flavors of the main dishes made the loss of rice bearable. My dish was extremely good and had a very delicious heat, my sis's dish was also very tasty with a nice crunch. I would say this is definitely a good place to stop if you're nearby and craving Thai. The prices were decent and I will most likely eat here again when I've got a craving and not wanting to go out; though I doubt I'll ever get the sticky rice again - better just make my own.
4	I've been here twice - - came back to get the Duck Noodle Soup again.  Andy G. is absolutely right.  It is fabulous!  If you ask, you can get dishes truly spicy (try the green curry with chicken).  Super friendly staff, too.
5	This place is amazing! Probably my favorite Thai food in the valley. Fresh ingredients, great flavors and very authentic. We got ours to go and it still was perfection. I got the spicy noodles with chicken and egg roles. Perfect amount of heat. The egg rolls were crunchy heaven. I highly recommend this place.
5	As newbies to Phoenix, we have been looking for a great Thai restaurant for dine in and take out. After eating at Jasmine Thai we are confident that this will be our spot! The restaurant is clean, service was speedy and the staff very friendly.
5	GO HERE. They are so kind and the food is so good! Finally a good Thai Spot in the neighborhood.
5	When nothing but Thai food will satisfy - this is the place!  We ordered Pad Thai and Pad Kaprow with Crab Puff appetizers and Thai tea. The food was great, the atmosphere was relaxing and the service was attentive.  Reasonable prices Too. Get there while you can this may soon be a neighborhood favorite and one of those see and be seen restaurant spots near downtown favored by young foodies
4	Finally!  A Thai restaurant that doesn't disappoint.  Curries and soups that feel more home made than restaurant.  They have kinks to work out - but the food is a much needed addition to downtown PHX.
4	What a great find. The service is fantastic, the restaurant is clean & everything we ordered was delicious. The tom yam is some of the best I've had in many years. The broth is rich & flavorful; there are lots of noodles & the portion was generous.
4	I miss good, cheap Thai food! I used to travel to LA pretty frequently, and I got spoiled in having a nearby restaurant that was good and cheap.Jasmine Thai is good, but the prices are on the high side. The spicy shrimp coconut soup was tasty, but a similar dish would have been $3-4 cheaper in La. The chicken larb was very good, but it, too was a buck or two more than I thought reasonable. The papaya salad was the best dish; it was at an OK price.We ordered the food "medium spicy" -- always a good idea at a new restaurant. It came out with just the right degree of heat: my tongue stinged (strang?), but there was no  alcohol taste that sometimes accompanies overly spiced foods.My beloved and I decided that this would be a once-in-awhile addition to our restaurant rotation, only because of the prices. Somehow, the food just doesn't seem to taste as good if you feel that you've been overcharged.
3	After reading the good reviews about this place i decieded to.Go for dinner. We were warmly greeted and, i noticed rite away how clean and beautiful the restaurant was. Nice decoorations and very comfortable seating as well as impecabley clean. Now .The waitress said they had no running water some sort of plumbing problem so no soda of hot tea. But she was nice enough to micrrowae hot water for our tea. I ordered red curry with vegetables thai hot and my companion ordered silver noodles with shrimp, medium heat. Well my curry had enough veggies and.Nice curry flavour, however it was sweet. No chilli peppers or spiciness. And my firends silver noodles were sweet and  the portion was small.  Im going to reserve myself and try this place a couple of more times before i give it my yaee or naee.Definetly give this place a try. Their are lots of thai restuarants in phx and sadly most of them arent worth a second visit.  This one is worth a second visit
