5	My husband and I were looking to purchase a new home to move into and Randy was recommended by a friend of mine.  He listened to our needs and was easy and fun to work with.  He showed us several homes and was patient with us until we found just the right home.  He always kept us up to date on new properties and the offers that we had made so we would know where we were in the process.  We found the right home and the transaction was very smooth with Randy's help.  We are also using him as a property manager for our first home that we moved out of.  I was worried that it would take a while to find renters, but the home was rented out within a few weeks of us moving out.  I would recommend Randy for any real estate/property management needs!
5	We sold our home in 2012 and purchased a new home. Randy was our agent for the sale and purchase. It was a pleasure doing business with this young man.He is smart and extremely well versed in the process. He made our experience positive. Randy is very dedicated to his business and he is definitely a people person. I would highly recommend Randy Maher for all of your real estate needs!
5	Randy is the most hard-working and reliable realtor I've come across.  I've referred several friends to him and no one has ever been disappointed.   He is honest, pragmatic and realistic - you can tell that he loves what he does and he never makes you feel like you've inconvenienced him or bothered him, even if you have a million questions.  Highly recommended!
5	Randy was highly recommended by a friend of ours and it was such a pleasure working with him. As first time homebuyers, the whole process is rather overwhelming. He provided clarity and even a level of comfort throughout the whole process. He was extremely patient, as he showed many homes, and maintained a positive, yet honest, outlook. He is personable and very reliable. I'm sure it was not easy working with us, as he did have 3 people to please, but he managed to find something that worked for us. He works as hard as he can for you and your wellbeing. Overall, he provided us with an excellant homebuying experience. I cant express enough how much we appreciated his time and effort, and will certainly refer to him in the future for any real estate needs.
