1	Ok so yes, it's a Subway. You have seen one, you have seen them all. But the guy who owns this one not only hates being a "sandwich artist" he hates his life and seems like his customers as well. The first time I went in, I ordered avocado and when I bit into my sammy, I realized there was ice chips in the avocado. Talk about a footlong buzz kill. I went up to tell him that he might want to make sure that it is thawed out before he gives it to another customer and he muttered out some sentence fragment that I think was that it came from the freezer. Thanks, captain obvious. I decided maybe he was having a bad day so I tried it again. Now I don't need someone belting out show tunes or anything, but this guy acts like he is making a meal for someone who shot his best dog. After he unwillingly made my lunch and tossed it in my general direction, he then proceeded to leave the premises leaving me and my two kids by ourselves. Being the only ones in the entire place promtped my 5 year old to say "does that mean this is our subway now??" Anyways, I will now drive 2 miles out of my way to avoid spending my buy one get one 6 inch free. He might not feel a big rathe, but I hope he eventually realizes that things could be a lot worse and that he might want to force out a smile or even a "thanks for coming to subway" every now and again if he would like to keep his business.
3	It's Subway.  Pretty much what I expected.  The folks I dealt with were pleasant and professional.  The sandwich was fine.  No complaints.  Nothing special, but no complaints.
1	I am only giving this place one star because I'm forced to give a star. I visited the subway more than two dozen times. While I am able to order my sub, I'm unable to get a sub for my husband. My husband likes his meatball sandwich. It seems though that the subway doesn't carry meatball. And yes that's an assumption based on experience. If you go to the subway after 3 PM even though it's open until 10 PM looking for a meatball sandwich you'll be disappointed. I understand it's a subway. And there's another one probably 2 miles away. But this one is right outside my subdivision and I don't think it's that difficult to properly ensure you have the correct levels of supplies to make a simple sandwich.
