5	We met Brian (salesman, not owner) at a home show in Las Vegas.  He was the first vendor we talked to that actually knew what he was talking about.  We had previous experience with solar.  We compared their product, service, rate, etc. to 2 other companies and by far they were the best.  They delivered exactly what was promised and actually underestimated our production.  They took care of all the paperwork, permits,  and helped us get set up with the PUC for credits.  We had a small problem getting set up with NV Energy and the meter which cost us a weeks worth of production, but Gregg made it right  with a fair dollar amount we would have saved.
5	We love Solar Universe!We started considering solar PV installation in 2010-2011.  We first met Gregg Lawson, the owner, in 2011.  At the time, the industry prices for PV panels were higher than they are now, so of course there was a lot of hesitation on our part in committing to such a huge home improvement project.  Gregg was very patient with us and gave us our space.  He knew we were interested but hesitant commitment-phobes!  He actually emailed us periodically over 18 months time to give us new updated estimates when prices would come down.  We never felt pressured or harrassed by him because he was so easy-going.  He always answered our questions promptly via phone or email.Finally in the Spring of 2013, we took the plunge- we finally signed the contract and we were excited and prepared to BE GREEN!  Gregg, Ciro and the installation team headed by Tony were extremely professional every step of the way.  They not only showed up for every appointment, they actually came on time.  The required paperwork and inspections (related to the city and to NV Enevergy) were all completed in a timely manner.   The installers cleaned up after themselves.  The actual installation took place over 3-4 days.  During the installation we discovered there was room for 25% more panels.  Shockingly, the additional panels arrived on the fourth day of installation, much earlier than anticipated (we thought it would take 1-2 weeks).  Gregg personally drove over to the house with the extra panels and the guys completed the TOTAL installation on the same day!  What's more- the price given over the phone was the same price listed on the contract, which again was the price we finally paid- amazing!  Even after the installation was complete,  Gregg himself came by again to show us the system and how to navigate the system website to check our energy-usage live from minute-to-minute (fun!).  Finally,  Gregg is still super-responsive to any emails we send him even after the job has been completed and Solar Universe has been paid!I know it seems silly to list what Solar Universe did correctly line by line, but our recent experiences with Heliocol Solar, our pool solar heating company (whom we had to deal with to move the pool panels to make room for PV- see separate review), like many other service contractors we have had the misfortune of working with over the years, have led us to appreciate every little thing that went right with Solar Universe.  In this day and age, one can no longer take for granted basic customer service "niceties".  Gregg even went out of his way to try to help us deal with Heliocol- talk about above and beyond!  We wholeheartedly recommend Solar Universe to anyone interested in installing solar PV!
2	I have no comment.
5	From the beginning of our process speaking with Dror Gal to the end of our project dealing with Greg Lawson, our experience with the company was second to none.  I highly recommend doing business with this company.  They helped us get from point A to point Z without a hassle.  They solved problems that seemed impossible to fix.  And in the end, we have a big beautiful solar system that should supply us with all the electricity we need.  GOODBYE NV ENERGY !!!  HELLO to having our own source of energy !!!
