4	Ordering now, hope it's as good as it was in Buckeye! (Will edit review after eating from new location)1/26/2012 - Thanks for the reminder to complete the review.  Just as good, if not better since they are closer to home now!  - We ordered to go, we both chose the 2 meat combo's:  Mine - Pulled Pork & Chopped Beef, Wife's - Beef & Pork ribs with the sides.  All was very tender, flavorful and enough for 2 meals for each of us.  Normally I prefer pork, but the beef on this visit was more flavorful.  The ribs were meaty and tender.  The staff is friendly, the larger dinning room is a nice change from Buckeye as well.  We will certainly be back soon!
3	Good to fair - 3 stars.  Nice big portions. The meat was pretty dry (both the pulled beef and the pulled pork).  I liked the "mustardy cole slaw" - the wife thought it was too sweet.  Sauce was okay for me - too sweet for her.  Both agreed there was no cheese flavor to the mac and cheese.  Good french fries - but the "Memphis" barbeque?  Think I'll try elsewhere.
4	So, what qualifies me to rave about this place?I lived in the south for a long time, and have had BBQ of every variety- East Carolina,  the several variants of Georgia and Florida styles, Texas, Memphis, Cincinnati, St Louis, Arkansas, and KC style BBQ;  at places reknown and obscure, including the lamb barbeque served at Moonlite BBQ of Ownesboro, KY.  I don't think there's a genuine BBQ place up and down I-75/85/95 whose food I haven't sampled, having been married to a Southerner who insisted on trying them all.I've eaten it off of china, paper and styro plates,  out of to go boxes, in red and white checked paper boats or plastic baskets lined with wax paper  and even served on a tray with compartments reminiscent of a prisoner's chow line  in Fayetteville, Georgia where it came standard with white bread, brunswick stew, bread and butter pickles, and nary a vegetable. I have eaten BBQ smoked on an open trailer pulled by a truck and sold only "to go," and on a roadside picnic table next to an enclosed trailer with a smoker out back on an undeveloped lot. On weekend nights, I have bought my BBQ curbside from someone smoking meat on the street in front of their house  in  a neighborhood of Daytona known as The Bottoms; a place where white folks like myself didn't go without a friend who was a local riding alongside me.  At least a hundred different BBQ joints tried out over a span of ten plus years, and that was only after "prescreening" the places for authenticity. When I left the south, I thought I left real bbq for the rest of my life.  Not so any more. The meat here is sublime, cooked to perfection, and brimming with the flavor that only slow smoking and tender oversight can produce. The side dishes are the real deal- where else you going to get greens and mac and cheese from scratch?People whose idea of BBQ is Damon's, Tony Roma's, Chili's, and other chains won't get it, but true devotees always will.  If you want the genuine article, go to Memphis Best. Obviously Memphis Best offers something that no one else is putting out in the Valley.  Goodyear might not be the gastronomic epicenter of the Phoenix metro area, but it's worth the drive out to taste this food.  So, drive out to Goodyear, support your BBQ habit, support local business people, support a veteran who served his country and most of all support your soul with  authentic down home food in Maricopa County.
1	We have been waiting for 1 hour and 6 minutes, have yet to receive our food!  How is it?  Who knows!  DO NOT go to this place if you have any value of your time!  I ordered at 7:31, we got our order at 8:37!  The business itself closed at 8:30. Very disappointing.Meat was dry and Luke warm, Mac n cheese was old & crusty, fries were soft not crunchy. All in all a very disappointing experience : (
1	Smelled REALLY good, looked REALLY good but wasn't able to get any!  :(Went today, Saturday, at 2:00 and waited in line for 15 mins without moving.  People were coming in behind me and leaving because it was taking WAY too long. Other people who had ordered and were waiting for their food were also upset because they were having to wait too long. Couldn't even take a menu because they were out. Will give it a second chance, maybe during the week or see if they accept carry out calls.
5	This is the BEST BBQ I've had in a very long time.  We stumbled upon them when they were in Buckeye and enjoyed their food and their service.  We were disappointed when they closed and elated to find them open again in Goodyear!  It's just down the hill from us and an easy access from the I-10 Fwy as well!  We will use them for takeout for parties and when we crave that good BBQ flavor!  Try the pulled pork - no fatty issues here!  Also, I highly recommend the Brisket. You won't find better in the PHX area.  I would suggest a little patience while they get their new team trained and up to speed.  All I can say is "it's worth the wait!"
4	I've been to lots of BBQ joints in Arizona, California, New Mexico and Texas over the past few years and can say that this place is decent. When my wife and I went in this joint, were were surprised by the inexpensive prices. The restaurant smells great but can be a little smokey. The two sizes of sandwiches met our needs and tasted great. I've had better BBQ in the past, but this is great local taste. .
3	Badly needed BBQ placed on Estrella, hard to find BBQ on west side.POSITIVES:Another Plus: Owned/Operated by a  Veteran Retired Marine!Place was clean we were greeted well.  They were in the middle of filling a huge Catering order out the side door, so service was a little slow, but not unacceptable for a BBQ place.Food was Hot and  ~OK~  We really wanted to like it!  Meat was a little on the dry side (I had 2 meat combo with pulled beef and Rib Tips.  Rib tip portions were huge and very good meat. Wife had Beef sandwich which was HUGE! but needed more BBQ sauce (see rant below)  Mac and Cheese was my favorite dry-type (ie not dripping with sauce)  and had a good flavor!Negatives:Neither Wife Nor I ate our Collard Greens, which we both normally LOVE, they were sour and just didn't taste good.  I can live with the paper plates, etc, but absolutely hate being sold BBQ sauce in 2oz portions. there was no BBQ out on tables, and only one flavor (which is spicy-Vinegar-y, but perfect for me!)  Put the sauce out on the tables!  we paid $29.75 for lunch for 2, there should be enough margin to relax the cost control on the sauce!
5	Great food here. Super meaty ribs and tasty sauce.  I was impressed with the rib meal. Bought a rack to take home as well.
4	Great food!  Nice staff, nothing fancy but down to earth, which is perfect for a bbq joint!  I usually don't mention stuff like this but thought it was strange that the decor was decent (the tables have that shiny tinge to them) but the food is served on styrofoam.  It just didn't match.But you're not here to listen to me talk about their decor.  Hubby got the pulled pork and it was delicious.  We're from south Texas so we know pulled pork!  Well, mostly him; HE knows pulled pork.  It was so good he said it gave him heartburn!  (He doesn't usually eat to the point of getting heartburn!)I had the pork ribs, half rack ... very meaty and the sauce was AWESOME.  Wasn't as sweet as most places which I liked.  I ate my husband's potato salad because it was that good (I'm pretty picky about my potato salads).  My 13mo old daughter had a hot dog and she ate up the whole dog.  The fries were also pretty tasty!!  I didn't care much for the baked beans but I'm not really a baked beans kind of person.  I would say the baked beans were par with other places.I would definitely give this place another go ... and another.  We really felt like having bbq and didn't want to drive 45 minutes+ for it so when I found this place on Yelp, I knew I had to give it a try ... and I wasn't disappointed!
4	Great BBQ!
3	As a Texan with a serious craving for smoked barbecue, I was hoping for a five star meal.  Well, not quite.  First let me start with the owner and chief cook is a retired Marine.  Thank you for not only serving our country, but devoting a huge part of your life to keeping the bad guys at bay.   I would continue to patronize this business for this reason alone.  He is very nice to visit with when there is a lull in the customer line.  There was a steady flow of customers.  Probably half of the customers were fire and EMT staff from various departments while I was eating.The new restaurant was spotless and smelled great.  The smoker is in the center back of the open kitchen with firewood stacked beside it.  The wait staff is young, but closely supervised from the kitchen.  There is no permanent sign outside yet, but they are in the Goodyear super Walmart complex near I10 in the south east corner of the parking lot next to a beauty supply store.The food is good, you will not be disappointed.  I was hoping for fantastic.  The first sign there might be trouble was when I saw two microwave ovens above the prep table.  That is never good.  Microwaves dry and toughen proteins.  Nothing destroys perfectly cooked food faster than a microwave oven.I ordered a sampler plate of pulled pork, chopped beef brisket, smoked sausage, pork and beef ribs.  Sides were baked beans, potato salad and coleslaw.  Everything was served in take out Styrofoam.   The meats were in a large container swimming in barbecue sauce.  Good sauce, but way too much.  I'll ask for sauce on the side next time.  The pulled pork was excellent.  Great taste, tender and moist.  The chopped beef brisket was chewy and dry tasting even though sitting in sauce.  The ribs were delicious and fall off the bone tender - in the middle.  The ends were tough and dry.  Except for the pulled pork, this is what is expected from microwaved food.  The potato salad was OK.  It tasted like commercial bought product.  The beans were tasty but the texture was very mushy.  I suspect they were canned beans with added ingredients.  Throw out the microwaves, reheat proteins in an oven or griddle, make the sides from scratch and this will be a Yelp 5+ star restaurant.  I'll be spending my money here again.  Fix these issues and you'll get lots more of my money.
4	Don't get all the early hate on this place or maybe they changed their ways with some of the earlier tips. I came in and ordered a large pulled pork sandwich Memphis style and sat back to enjoy the military / family themed place unfolding in front of me. The smoker was in full tune and what seemed to be father and daughter worked on the orders coming in. It took me less than 6 minutes to get my BBQ meal so I don't get the complaining about time restraints and surely the food was worth the wait when it comes to BBQ options in Goodyear. When I finally sunk into my meal it was tangy with a kick and super delicious. Everything about the experience was good, and everything delivered with good timing and a genuine smile. I think this place will be a hit if more people swing by and the food is defiantly both good and outside of the normal.The only con I had was that I left the place after maybe 7 minutes and smelled like smoked BBQ for the next 8 hours even after a shower. I wish there was some way around this but for BBQ that good the juice is worth the squeeze.
5	Simply the best BBQ I've had in Arizona.
5	Let me start off by stating this: my 9 year-old son is the pickiest eater in the western United States. That said, he ate EVERYTHING and LOVED it!!!!! I knew he would eat his sandwich (pulled pork) but, he actually ate the beans and asked for more!!! I'm telling you, this kid wouldn't eat baked beans if it was the last bit of food on Earth. The meat and sauce is absolutely delicious. The sides are to die for and the cornbread...MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!This is my new favorite place for dinner. Absolutely the BEST bbq around!
5	The food is delicious. The chicken was nice and tender and the corn bread was perfectly warm and yummy. The restaurant is clean and pretty with nice decor.
3	Not bad, not great. Good portions...  but I still prefer Famous Daves over any BBQ place I've been to.
5	I love this place! I went in today after smelling the goodness while driving by. The owner is a really nice guy, and he pretty much greets everyone as they come in. If he doesn't, then whomever is working the register will. I ordered the beef rib dinner with beans and greens. I got it to go, and it had my car smelling so good!  But, driving with barbecue sauce all over your face hasn't been the in thing to do since 92, so I waited. The rib portions are huge! The greens were excellent, I didn't even need to hot sauce them up. The beans were wonderful as well. It was hard for me to stop eating any of it. So if your looking for a place to get some good BBQ, I highly recommend this place !!
5	Food is great! Miss this place being in Buckeye... excellent service!
5	Consistently great BBQ. The baked beans as a side are incredibly flavorful. Everything I've tried here is spot on. The house made BBQ sauce is a great combination of sweet and spicy. Anyone that loves great BBQ can't go wrong coming out to this great location.
2	Had the ribs (pork) with a buddy.  They were good!  Easy enough to find - pretty popular place.  Good, not great.  Good enough for a quick BBQ fix!
5	Absolutely delicious!!! The best BBQ pulled pork sandwich I've had since I visited Memphis, TN a couple of years ago. Also had the BBQ chicken wings and the sweet green tea!!! Perfect amount of spicy and sweetness! Keep up the good work!!! Semper Fi!
4	I rate four stars for great, five for spectacular.I can't rave enough about this place. It's not just the food, but the whole experience. I had pork ribs with a side of baked beans and potato salad. The pork ribs had a great smoky taste and were tender. The beans were baked to perfection.  The potato salad was not my fav, and a bit cold. My friend had the pulled pork sandwich with slaw. The pulled pork was pretty darn tasty (highly recommend). Slaw was ok.The service was friendly. The interior is decorated nicely, and plenty of tables.I'd definitely will be back again.
3	Figured we'd have a nice meal in lieu of Valentine's Day yesterday (chances of getting a decent table anywhere that evening would have been pretty much f-all). The wife suggested Melting Pot but that place is overkill unless you're on the pull or made of money, not to mention the fact that heading north up the 17 from Thomas during peak hour is an exercise in futility. Looked around in the Goodyear area, thinking maybe we could hit up Tomo Sushi, but Yelp highlighted this BBQ place that we'd never been to before. Hadn't had BBQ in a while so.. ziggity zam!Got there about 6:30. Okay-sized place. About maybe 10 tables, two of which were occupied at the time. Chairs were high and a little wobbly, wasn't sure about that at first.. The wife got a pulled pork sandwich, I got the beef ribs (a rack of 4-5, they're BIG) and the young 'un got a pork sandwich kids meal. My chosen sides were baked beans and collard greens, and some cornbread. While we waited for the meal we tried not to choke on the smoker fumes. This place is in SERIOUS need of more enhanced ventilation. I'm sitting here at home now, absolutely REEKING of BBQ smoke, just like a previous reviewer pointed out. Meals came out and mine was very, very good. I liked both of my sides, even the collards which I haven't had for years (previously I had them microwaved out of a frozen pak - these were MUCH better than that). The beans weren't as sweet and sugary as I've had at places like Pork on a Fork or Famous Dave's - which is a good thing. BBQ sauce was plentiful. Wife liked her meal, kid finished his too, along with his mac and cheese side. Downsides: 1) The smoke - they need industrial fans or SOMETHING, my voice was almost catching in my throat because of it. 2) Every five minutes there was a ridiculously loud chopping noise as they busted up the ribs or chopped the pork or whatnot. I get that that's how this all works but still, the ambience suffers as a result. Perhaps they could invest in a nice electric knife such as are used to carve meat off gyro spits? (shrug) Finally, 3) the cornbread was just okay - nowhere near as good as Famous Daves or Marie Callendars, but I'm not a big cb fan to begin with so I didn't really mind.Just after seven, people started crowding in and the joint got going. Obviously it's a local favourite. Strangely, most people chose to eat in. Guess they were all happy to have the smoker smell as their take-out? *8-) Eyed the Baskin Robbins across the way as we walked outside. Tempting, but not with two pounds of beef ribs sitting like a bowling ball in my gut. I pity my sigmoid and balloon knot tomorrow morning.Memphis is definitely a passable alternative to Dillons and FD's and I think we'll be back. Grabbing it to go next time, though. I won't be able to eat-in again, unless I wheel an oxygen tank in with me, or wear a hazmat mask. And disposable clothes.
5	Great Que, and great service. Greens were great, Mac was great. Only complaint was that everything was drenched in sauce. I'll ask for it on the side next time.
5	Definitely the best BBQ that I've had in Arizona. Will be going back for sure.
