5	Went in today to get my iPhone 5 repaired very friendly guy RJ really hooked me up with a price match and excellent fast affordable service in and out even tried to give him a tip but he didn't accept it going to let everyone know about this place true professional
5	Easy in and out. They were nice and quick. The price was reasonable, I'll deff come back if any other problems arise.
5	Fast and professional service. The price for the replacement part for my Nokia was very good and was much better than having to fully replace the phone. I would definitely recommend this place to any friends having issues with a broken phone.
5	Seriously the best place in town. The guy is super nice, and has knowledge of what he's doing. The price is very reasonable and quick service.I've been ripped off by the other so called experts in town and I'm so glad I found jay .
5	Excellent work & great pricing.  Fixed my iPhone 5S in 20 minutes. Thanks again
5	Quick and professional. Took 15 minutes to fix my shattered screen. Mentioned yelp for the $5 discount. Best price i could find in town for iphone 5 screen replacement! Total was $85
5	The service here is great! They are so reliable and so efficient! I had my iPhone fixed here with RJ and my phone is just like new. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Dont go to other wireless repair shops... I live in summerlin area but i still drive this far if ever i need works for my phone. Look for RJ, he's really nice and Honest!
5	I broke my iphone 5S screen last week end and these guys fixed my phone in just 20mins. They have the lowest price in town. Great job wireless phone doctors! Im referring you to every one i know that has a broken phone. :)
4	I won't EVER AGAIN use any repair shop because it VOIDS YOUR FACTORY WARRANTY moment any repair shop touches it.....  These guys did change my screen twice on an iPhone & DEF LOOKED GOOD & priced competitively!ONLY GOOD though if your out of warranty.  Make sure you check ur warranty status first ALWAYS before using any repair facility....Kept their word on one past issue & took care of the problem COMPLETELY. That's why still feel they deserve a good review based on my last 2 TIMES using them for screen repair. Best Regards & Be Safe Guys
5	I rarely submit yelp reviews. However, I feel that this company offers exceptional service, relatively reasonable prices, as well as good customer service. I was very satisfied with this company and RJ was a great help to me. I was very satisfied with my customer service experience. if you require your iPhone to be repaired, they offer included lifetime warranty on parts and services. Great business!
5	I'm giving 5 stars because I got exactly what I was looking for.Fixed the cracked screen on my iPhone. I got in immediately, the guy fixed my phone in about a half an hour. I thought the service was great.I'd definitely come back here again, and recommend them to anybody who needs a screen replaced.
5	RJ went above and beyond to make me happy!
1	I originally came here due to they good reviews on Yelp, but now see they pay for advertising, which also means they can have negative reviews removed so we will see if my review stays on.They fixed my crack screen from dropping my phone about a month ago, but they didn't properly fix it.  A couple weeks ago the glass front popped up out of the "frame" for no reason -- I hadn't dropped the phone at all.  I was able to push it back in and didn't think anything of it.  Today, my phone slid off my nightstand onto extra padded shag carpet (less than a foot drop), with a heavy case that is much higher than the screen for protection and the glass piece did the same thing.  I pushed it back in and now I can't use my screen at all.  I took it back to this place as I've never had this issue before prior to Wireless Phone Doctors fixing my phone, fall or no fall.  I was honest, but told them that it happened previous and didn't think it was installed correctly either and he offered me a $20 discount from the last time even though.  There is no physical damage on the phone and they didn't want to take responsibility other than take my money.Last time I recommend someone here or use someone I found from Yelp, especially that I see they advertise on here ... which makes sense.
5	Excellent service. In at 10 out at 10:20 with a new screen on my iPhone. Highly recommend.
5	Accidents happen, and I got my phone run over. I went to yelp and I found this place that had excellent reviews and it was nearby! Thank god! I asked them how much it would cost and how long for my 5c to get brought back to life. They only took 20 mins and it was so affordable! They said they were the cheapest in town and I don't doubt that! Would definitely come back if I need my life saved again!! Thanks RJ!!
5	I took my iPhone 5 in to get fixed because my power button was broken. I drove all the way to Henderson from Mountains Edge! You should see the smile on my face every time I lock the screen. Ahhhh.. So happy! It's been months since I got to hear that sound it makes when you lock your iPhone. Thanks RJ! 5 stars for fixing my iPhone 5 :D
1	3 months after having a screen replaced it stopped working (left side sensors don't work at all). I took it in to let them know, they refused to honor my warranty because "maybe you dropped it? We don't know".
5	Worth the money and wait. Very accomodating place. The owner is hands on wish they have another store on west las vegas. Way better than iphone doctor. If you guys have problems on your phones this is the place to go.
1	Materials are cheap and not sure about workmanship...spent $150 for new screen and battery and the phone was broken again in two weeks with a screen protector!  There's no way this is a quality repair as we have had phones repaired before and they last much longer.
3	Updating the review because the business offered to repair the phone again for a reduced price.  If the repair holds up to a couple of drops I will update again but for now, it's only been a week so who knows.  The prior repair broke again the very first time she dropped it with a screen protector and a phone case on!
5	My son broke my iPad Air last week by accident and found these guys here on yelp.   They replaced the screen on my iPad Air in just two hours! :) very friendly staff and the place looks like you're in a doctors office. I am a another satisfied customer. Two thumbs up for great price and service!
5	I'm from out of town and thought that my iPhone 5s screen was crack and needed to be replaced. I took my phone into RJ and he told me that he noticed I had a tempered glass screen protector and that just my screen protector needed to be replaced! Honest, Fast, affordable and a really nice guy. My family lives here in Henderson and will be taking their phones to RJ at the Wireless Doctors.
5	Giving this store a 5 star review because of good service and staff. Rj is very good at what he does. Fixed my phone back to its new condition!
4	I had called around to mostly all of the cell phone repair shops in Vegas and this place had the cheapest price for fixing the lcd screen on my galaxy S4. I was a walk in and my phone was ready within an hour. They have friendly customer service and I felt welcomed. My lcd screen is almost like new except the lighting is dimmer then before but being that it was totally blacked out when I came in I am still happy with the outcome. I will definitely come back if I have any other problems with a phone in the future.
5	My iPhone 5 screen cracked and I went in to this store and got it fixed. It was shockingly fast and my phone looked brand new. Thank you!! So amazing. I'm so happy!!!!
4	I have been here three times within the year to get my cracked iPhone screen replaced (due to being clumsy and careless) and I would highly recommend this place. RJ has been so great and informative with question I had regarding my phone. It was always timely as i am sure no one likes to wait around long :) I have called around and been to  other places about pricing and Wireless Phone Doctors is hands-down very reasonable. Definitely check this place out!
