2	I came in here when I moved into a new flat just around the corner and was hoping to find a gem of a pub where I could come every now and then with a few pals and chill. The pub seems to have undergone a bit of an image change, it used to be called "Banter", but now with its more sophisticated name I think it is trying to tap into the office worker crowd that you find on nearby Morrison Street and Lothian Road. The pub attempts to look upmarket and is not really the type of place that I like to hang out in, I prefer a nicer cosy pub- but this really came across as tailored to an older crowd rather than a student/younger crowd.The pub does have however a pretty impressive widescreen TV that would be pretty cool to watch the footie or rugby on, but I doubt there would be any real atmosphere in there.
4	This is a nice pub. It does feel cosy and welcoming, even though it's pretty big inside. The food is good, very generous portions and reasonably priced. The bar staff are very friendly and efficient. We've been several times with different groups of friends and we've always been made to feel very welcome.
5	Great spot! Superfriendly bartender...varied menu(I'm a veggie and bf will eat annnnnnyyything that walks by) and overall a comfy spot, though there's not a huge amount of actual seats. We had brunch on a Saturday afternoon and will return to watch the football match Sunday eve. Good spot.
4	4 or 5 real ales on tap, decent range of spirits, amusing service, plenty of seats, a couple of tvs for the sport and a reasonable looking menu. Apart from maybe having a problem with their air conditioning or extractor fan (we were greeted with the strong smell of whatever fish was on Saturday night's menu) there was little to find fault with here. Could do with replacing their speakers as no point having music on if the sound's muddy. Otherwise better then last time as no smell of fish.
5	Something I KEEP forgetting to add! The second time we ate here, I ordered the carrot soup. FANTASTIC. I jokingly asked the server for the recipe.How about the chef comes out (I felt like I was being punk'd for a sec!)...I'm shocked and blushing (I liked the way he looked)...he sits next to me. Nice. My bf is chuckling. The chef mentioned that the server had told him someone asked about the soup. He  hands me a piece of looseleaf paper. This guy had written out the recipe for me! He goes over some spots, providing extra clarity, smiles and leaves me with my recipe!Now, I've always dug being me--it's yielded pretty nice returns in many respects. This was extra special!Give them your business!
4	This is one of my favourite pubs in Edinburgh and I cannot believe i havent reviewed lock 25 before now. I think this bar has some of the friendliest staff in Edinburgh in both the kitchen and front of house. I havent had much off the menu only nibbles really, but my friends swear by the food. The fish and chips in particular is well recieves and the chef sources the fish from Eddies so you know it will be good. The reason I drink here is they really do keep a great selection of fancy booze and the propriator has been in the business a long time, so really knows his stuff. My friends are divided in what they drink you have the real ale guys, vodka tonics, ciders etc and there is never a second thought if someone suggests coming here for a couple. Layout wise it a largish modern bar with some traditional twists I guess. They also have an outdoor patio should you fancy sitting outside with a beer in hand away from lothian road. A few tvs here and there but not enough to be distracting. Thumbs up from me.
4	Another work lunch and we decided to try lock 25 after some other pubs in the area being very disappointing! This is a lovely place, light and plenty space between tables, and the sign over the bar suggested that they have an outside seating area too but we didn't have a chance to check. It's a nice clean place too,  no sticky floors hThe food was great and fairly reasonably priced, and it came out in about 15-20 minutes which is a big plus when you need to get back to work within an hour! Would definitely return for lunches or dinner :)
2	Heard good things about this pub whch is why I  went in - but I found it pretty rubbish. an average beer selection and a semi decent back bar. Random clientele and not the friendliest staff...nothing more to say!
4	Was it really 2011 when I first reviewed this pub, wow, that was a while ago... So what's changed?*The spirit selection has grown to provide a great range of whisky, rum or gin, some of which are rarely seen premium products. The new(ish) Three Hop and Birra Moretti have replaced the Heineken as a premium draft lagers and there is now a 4th guest ale tap, so even more choice for the beer/lager enthusiast. Finally Symonds has replaced Strongbow, an improvement on the draft cider front. On the food front, after taking part in the Tollcross chilli cook-off (recommended outing to all those who Yelp in Edinburgh) the chilli is really good. Chips cooked in beef dripping - they taste great! There have been one or two other menu tweaks, though the classics are all still in-place and tasty.The prices are still reasonable and the bar itself is still well staffed and pleasant. So all in all Lock 25 is possibly verging on a great pub to have a drink or something to eat.*If I missed any changes put it down to sampling some of those spirits and the passing of time...
