5	Super nice, Professional and Totally Trustworthy!I have used David many times for help with my Air Conditioning needs. He has taken care of my own personal residence and has been a great resource for my real estate buyers and sellers when there was repair required. His costs are very reasonable and he is very punctual.You won't be disappointed!Stew Keene - Professional Realtor
5	Very excellent definently recommend to all Phil was so excellent and did a wonderful job
5	David and Christine McCall are extraordinarily polite, helpful and businesslike.  When They were referred to me by a friend who was very happy with their service.  My AC went out in the middle of summer and David managed to fit me in and repair the problem in one visit! I will use them as my regular HVAC company and recommend them to everyone I know.  Thanks McCall AC!
5	Great fast service! Didn't try to upsell anything. Just told me what we needed at a great price. I always recommend them to my clients as well.
5	I had an air conditioner condenser line leak on the very first day I moved into my new home.  The leak damaged my wood floors.  I called Dave at McAll's Air Conditioning and Heating, and he came right over (it was after 7PM).  Dave quickly identified the problem and was able to fix it on site.  He was very reasonably priced and is helping me pay him through my insurance claim,  I highly recommend McAll's Air Conditioning and Heating.
5	Outstanding, efficient, professional, honest, courteous service that is fairly priced.   I chose McCall's for a large  A/C repair based on a friend's recommendation and then the Yelp reviews, and they definitely lived up to their amazing reputation.  I got two other quotes; McCalls was competitively priced, which was good, but what really impressed us was David when he came by to estimate the job.  Unlike the other two estimates who wanted to cut into drywall and re-duct, re-pipe and make complicated changes, David was beyond knowledgeable and quickly identified how the repair would be done with no damage to drywall and in a very short amount of time.  Honestly, it seemed too good to be true, but we decided to go with McCall's.  Well, McCall's delivered what they promised, and more.  The crew arrived on time, as promised and started setting up right away.  They finished the job before we realized they had fully started; the bonus was the meticulous clean up as well, better than I would have done, and I'm really picky!After working with them I wouldn't even think about using any other A/C Service.  I highly recommend McCall's for A/C work. Thank you Christine, David and your amazing crew!!!
