1	Pricey and a bland menu.  I had their mango salad and it was very, very bad.
2	Had this review sitting in my drafts for over almost a year. I still remember my disappointment with this restaurant even after all this time. Besides the atmosphere and spacious outdoor seating, I was rather disappointed. The food is overpriced yet manages to under-deliver. I also found the service to be perfunctory.If you must eat Thai food in the sun, then this will suffice. That said, if you want good Thai, go elsewhere.
3	Tastefully decorated, it feels a bit pricey for what you get but I find it's competent.  I've been here a few times and most recently today for lunch (I've only ever come here for lunch).  It's not that large of a restaurant though it has a nice deck during the summer.  They haven't changed their menu in the last 2-3 years since I've eaten here - and the specials have stayed the same though I think the prices have risen.  There are 4 specials at $13.99 - and I typically have the Spinning Noodles (their version of Pad Thai) with Chicken and a Mango Salad (note that it's not a Green Mango salad) on the side.  Both my client and I had the specials + a side of two fresh rolls (rice noodle wrap of white rice noodles + vegetables and shrimp with a vinegar dip) and it came to $48 pre-tip which is on the expensive side for lunch for the area not to mention they were lunch specials.  The spinning noodles (as pictured) were decent.  I thought the noodles might have been just a tad hard but that's pretty subjective and it really was a light tamarind sauce - not too heavy.  Unfortunately Waterloo doesn't have very many or very good Thai restaurants.  There's limited 1 hour free parking on the side street and a larger parking lot with paid parking.
2	me and my friend ate here. The place looks like a shack. Anyways, the food is pricey, but it tasted ok. The tasty tofu is as expected, nothing mind blowing. The pad thai was way too sweet. Service is ok.
3	Decent thai fusion place. Atmosphere is OK, service is pretty good. Price is a bit high for the area, especially considering that there are quite a few other thai places which are just as good (or better) with a 10 minute walking radius. I go here when i'm in the mood for thai and am with people who don't necessarily like it.  There are quite a few items on the menu that aren't super authentic.  So, I get the curries and my friends get stuff like pad thai (the one they make is as authentic as sweet and sour chicken balls at a mall chain) or steak. So, although I don't come here super often, the place isn't bad and it definitely has a niche carved out for itself. As a caveat, stay away from the mango salad. I've sent it back twice because the mango's weren't ripe enough.
2	The food is pretty good, but I don't understand why their lunch specials are so expensive. I once ordered a pad thai to take home to my husband, after I dined with a friend at lunch, and ended up like $40 in the hole. Brutal!
3	this place is quite pretty and the service wasn't too bad when i came here with a large group. IMO they spent too much effort making the food look good than taste good... cue ketchupy noodles..
5	My favourite Thai spot in Waterloo. I don't understand the negative reviews this place has. The service is consistently great with servers that care and a friendly owner.  The food is AMAZING not to mention visually appealing with short wait times for food. After a meal at Thai Sun I find myself craving the flavours their meals leave in my mouth for days. Although your typical menu item might cost $1-$2 more than it would at a competing Thai restaurant in Waterloo the quality makes up for it. The restaurant itself has a great aesthetic, although it can be alittle dim inside for me at times, and also features a very large patio for outdoor dining which is fantastic in the summer.As a local to the area who frequents the various restaurants in Waterloo I highly recommend Thai Sun to anyone who loves good food. Make sure you try the curry; the panang is my personal favourite and if you get a chance to chat with the owner do it! He's great.
5	This is my go-to dinner place with my boyfriend and friends. We make every excuse to go here, and probably average going 3-5 times a month. I have tried the Beef Jerky appetizer, and the Red, and Green curries. I haven't tried anything else on the menu because the curries are so good! The vegetables are always fresh, and the food is always steaming when it comes out.  I would also reccomend their ginger tea. The service here is great, and the food comes out extremely fast (you never have to wait more than 10 minutes). Often the owner is there, and he will greet you as you come in.  I reccomend this restaurant to anyone looking for some great Thai food at a reasonable price.
3	Stopped here with a friend late one night. We had no clue it was suppose to close in 15 minutes but the owner was so friendly and accomodating (although the waiter didn't look too particularly impressed). The menu is quite small and the food is a bit pricier, so the waiter gave us recommendations and I ended up ordering the Fab five meal and my friend ordered a noodle dish and a papaya salad. The papaya salad was fresh and the dressing was pleasant. I was impressed with my meal and it was a huge portion! We both enjoyed our meals, however I probably would not dine here again since it is a bit too pricey for a poor student! However I would recommend it to anyone else.
