2	Moe's = meh. The food was fine, but overpriced. I ordered the Cobb salad for $8.75 and it was drowning in dressing and had four thin slices of avocado and four under-ripe tomato wedges on a mound of lettuce. Ian's across the street is serving salads of comparable size and better ingredients for $5 with chicken. My friend's Southwestern Chicken salad looked better, but rang in at $10. Again, the food was fine, but overpriced for a place billing itself as a tavern  that seems to be based on a Simpsons reference (further compounding my theory is their hideous logo comprising terrible font & frosty cartoon beers). While the overall experience was underwhelming, I have to say our server was good - attentive, friendly, and kind enough to point out things like Moe's idea of fresh vegetables is carrots & celery. I won't complain if i end up at Moe's again, but I'm not going to suggest we go either - you can find a lot more bang for your buck within a block or two.
3	Really liked my Apple, Bacon, and Cheese Panini. The service was good and friendly and the atmosphere is nice for a bar. It even has a dining focused upstairs area for those focusing more on food than drink. Also, good fries.
2	I looked at the menu before I went and had high hopes, but was very disappointed. I got the groupon after looking at the menu and brought a couple friends with me- they didn't love it either. We got bruschetta that didn't taste very fresh and was a bit brown in color. Two of us got the grilled apple, bacon and cheddar panini. The bread was  thick and greasy with butter, not grilled like a traditional panini. The break overpowered the sandwich. She got french fries and they were good, I got sweet potato fries and they were bland. The other friend got chili which she said was very meaty, but didn't have much else besides meat. The bowl was also very tiny- I guess they don't have more than one size.It was also cold and the music was loud. Our server was very nice but didn't seem very experienced serving. When we told her we didn't love the bruschetta she just replied "oh, heh, not something you'll order again?" I was a bit embarrassed I brought my friends here.
3	I like Moe's atmosphere. I like the service there. I like Moe's drink specials. Even the Duff beer they serve measures up to the same crap produced by Coors, Bud and Miller.My problem, of course, is with the food. Overpriced and underwhelming--I don't think I could think of a better way to describe what I had. I got the Apple, Bacon, and Cheese Panini, which was recommended by our waiter. Two large, greasy pieces of bread, with 1-2 strips of bacon, a few very thin apple slices, and a slice or two of average cheddar cheese. The price was an outrageous $8.50. To serve a sandwich with hardly any substance (this thing was anemic) and then charge such an insane price really is absurd. Moe's needs to get a chef in the kitchen who knows what they're doing, or they will be doomed to go the same route as their sister restaurant, Frida.On the flipside, the fries were excellent, and some of the best I've had. I'll keep going back to Moe's because I like the atmosphere, but count me out when it comes to ordering any food there whatsoever.
3	Got in just as they opened for lunch. I ordered a chicken wrap that was loaded with spinach. I was able to sub my fries for a salad. The wrap was very refreshing and loaded with spinach. Very good texturally. The salad was very fresh and the house dressing was great. Environment is that of a bar/pub. However you can still get a healthy and pleasant meal that doesn't leave you feeling bloated and guilty.
2	Don't waste your money on the food. The food is over fried (in old nasty oil) and lacks edibility.  The margaritas might have given me an instant cavity. The beef is low quality and the fries were literally, the worst I have ever had in my life.That being said, if you want to stop in for a beer and catch the last minutes of a game, moes is a decent option.  Just don't pick up that menu
4	Great food! Best burgers in town, really fresh! Service needs some improvement! Good draft beer selection!
2	They have Frida's margaritas. 'nough said. Other than that, there's really no reason to stop in here.
1	They have Duff Beer, and it's very cheap. Quite appropriately, it tastes like water and urine. The food is some of the worst I have ever had. Fries were a floppy unseasoned pile of grease. My buffalo chicken sandwich was doused in so much buffalo sauce that I could not taste anything else. The chicken's consistency resembled wood, and the lettuce was more limp than wet pantyhose. I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food. I took two bites of my sandwich and had them throw the rest out.
