4	I went here for a wedding reception and the German food here was amazing. I'm not sure if it was the wedding planner who arranged it but the food was tasty and plentiful. I have never been to a wedding that had so much food. I was afraid I wouldn't fit my dress by the end of the night. The interior is also very warm and welcoming. The ceiling lights are quite pretty. This is a great space for good sized event.
5	Sunday brunch buffet is AMAZING!
3	I was here for dinner at the Schenke Restaurant in the basement during Oktoberfest. The decor and furniture though not fancy is authentic and has a German feel to it. The servers and staff were in dirndl dresses and were very polite and warm. The buffet hall had pretty good service and the food although had very limited variety was delicious. The pork schnitzel was tender on the inside and crispy outside. The sausages were to die for. The constant flow of beer was personally appreciated and I enjoyed the apple strudel for desert was perfect. And we got a surprise shot of schnapps at the end of it all. A good experience although I am not sure if I'll make this a regular thing.
4	My friend took me here for dinner on Saturday and I was absolutely blown away.The Concordia House is a German Beer Hall and basically looks exactly the way you would expect: dark wood, crests aplenty and all sort of stuff painted on the walls. Plus, the servers wear dirndls!!! We were seated by an elderly German man (I think the owner) who told us that we should both sit facing the middle of the room, so that we can watch the dancers. Apparently, they have a live band on Saturday nights and people dance! I am SO EXCITED at this point. It only gets better. I order a pint of beer and instead, am served 0.5L of beer! Metric beer! My friend orders the chicken schnitzel, and I order the Concordia Platter: 1 small schnitzel, 1 smoked pork chop, 1 Oktoberfest sausage, dumplings (basically stuffing in gravy) and sauerkraut. I drove 2 hours through a snowstorm to get there. I was leaving there hungry.The meal was good, not the BEST I've ever had, but definitely very tasty. The schnitzel was great as was the sausage. My dining partner was very happy with her chicken schnitzel, which was basically took up half the dinner plate.For dessert, we split an apple strudel, which was homemade, but not quite sweet enough. During dessert, we were treated to a two man band featuring a guy on drums and a guy on the accordion and keyboard, as well as a bunch of seniors ballroom dancing across the floor. It was pretty spectacular.This place gets 3.5 stars for food, 3 stars for service and a billion stars for atmosphere. I will definitely be back, and with friends!
4	Went to their dinner buffet one night. The variety of food offered was actually quite good, although the salad bar could've been better. I tried almost everything and the Schnitzel was my absolute favorite. I probably had 3+ pieces. The red soup (I'm not sure what it's called) is also recommended, since it was a bit sour and totally worked up my appetite. Same with the sauerkraut.  I had apple strudel for dessert. Mmm...very enjoyable food and atmosphere. Loved it.
3	was in town on a biz trip and our partner took me here for lunch.the beer was great.the food is all right. i ordered their suasage with curry and it was ok. also ordered a side of their fried liver; it was also just ok.i'm a hugh fan of suasages, other than that do not know much about german cuisine. gave it a 3 star for that reason.this place is very popular during october for their 'october fest' tho.
4	Upon rolling up to this place you will notice plenty of parking unless it has some sort of venue going on such as Octoberfest etc.We were greeted by a very friendly female hostess, who sat us around the middle section of what was like a banquet hall. I observed a dance floor and a bar that could accomodate a decent sized wedding or festival. I chose to eat rouladin which is like a very fine steak with a pickle rolled up in the middle of it. I had some sourkrout on the side and shpehtcel(spelling here?) it was like little pasta. I must say the meal was very nice if you like German food, which I do. The guests who attended with me ate Snitchel(spelling here) and they also ejoyed their meals.This resturant offers soup of the day which can be anything from cream of brocolli soup to French onion... or even Goulash soup. There are plenty of types of bread offered before and during the meal.Prices were great. Six of us ate for about $100.00 plus tips.No alcohol... I dont think.... LOL.
4	Great mix of comfort Germanstrudelporkhocken and bier on tap.  The servings are generous and served by friendly staff in traditional Bavarian attire.  We would go again to try the other menu items.If I was from Bavaria, I'd would feel comfortable in my lederhosen ... Bier in hand
4	Concordia Club definitely worth the drive if you are looking for authentic German food in the area. Everything here is house made including their dessert. Dessert is just so good.We shared:Goulash Soup ($6.75)Concordia Platter ($18.50) smoked pork chop, small Schnitzel, German bratwurst, dumpling and fine German sauerkrautRote Grutze ($6.25) red berries cooked with rum, & served with fresh cream - The first time I tried and I am a FAN!Black Forest Torte ($6.25) to Go!There is also some selection of German beers on draft.Seems like a fun place for Oktoberfest!
