5	I've been eating at a lot of food trucks lately and I can honestly say this is one of if not the best one I've had. It's been around since early 2012 and has been active at Charlotte's bustling Food Truck Friday since January...yet it has no press here on Yelp?! That's unheard of.The good folks who own and operate this truck are from North Carolina but lived in New Orleans for a bit of time, and boy oh boy did they learn some good cooking while they were down there. This Creole food has all the flavor of home cooking, the convenience of a food truck, and the quality and presentation of a stellar restaurant. The prices seem reasonable too...though I live in DC so I might be super jaded which it comes to prices.The red beans and rice ($6) were the most amazing dish I had from Root Down...and at the entire Food Truck Friday event last week. I've made RB&R myself and they were awesome. Root Down made them look like a child's attempt at cooking. The gumbo was a close second favorite for items and had I not already eaten more than my share of other items, I would have happily ordered my own bowl. The catfish po boy was a full meal (and at just $8), and though there was a sizable portion of fried catfish on there, it must be noted that the bread was pretty big -- hence why it could be an entire meal in and of itself. The homemade tartar sauce and micro greens on it added flavor and color making it a beautiful dish of perfectly fried and seasoned fish. My table mates raved about the mac and cheese, but damnit for being too proper and not wanting to eat off of Kerrick's spoon on the second occasion I met him. Serves me right. The $2 sweet potato chips were dusted with powdered sugar and were the only disappointment of the truck. The little snack was a filler and nothing else. Save the space and order a second serving of RB&R.The next time we're back in Charlotte I hope to have some more Root Down cookin. I hope they open a restaurant so that it will be more accessable for every time we go visit the family.
5	Wow. Their schtick is Creole, Southern and Soul inspired Street food made with local and regional ingredients. They definitely deliver! The flavors are true and plentiful. The quality of their ingredients shines through each flavorful bite.If you happen to come across Root Down, get something... anything... everything! off their menu. We caught up with them on a lovely Saturday evening at Amos' What the Truck! event. Their menu was simple but had something for everyone. I was really tempted to order one of everything but I exercised some self restraint. KC & I settled on the Pulled pork & pimento cheese sandwich - 12 hour pecan smoked pulled pork, smoked pepper sauce, and pickled onions served on a locally baked bun. Red beans & rice w/ local jowl & Andouille sausage. Oh, and praline bacon for dessert. The pulled pork sandwich was awesome. The red beans & rice were killer. Tons of meat and all the right spice. The praline part of the praline bacon was perfect. I wish they would just serve that part up! Creamy, sweet, pecan-y... Mmmm. The bacon was a let down mostly because of texture. It was soggy and limp.Can't wait to catch up with these guys! Next on the list of things to try... The Catfish po boy & gumbo.
4	I ordered their debris sandwich, during "food truck fridays".This tasted like a stewed beef sandwich seasoned with Creole flavors with pickles and some type of "grass stuff" on the top.Sorry guys I am not a foodie so I don't know what it was!The other items that I saw come off the truck looked and smelled pretty great. When I see this truck around town I will be looking to try their other items.
4	Start of by saying this food cart is fantastic. Small but still packs a punch. There are great choices of locally grown, farm fresh meals that are sure to satisfy. I enjoyed the apple biscuit with sausage and an egg on top plus some fresh hot sauce, it was fantastic! And at only $7, couldn't pass it by.
5	The best food truck I've had in Asheville! Food is fresh, flavorful, and filling! Service is wonderful and food is quickly prepared. It's our new Wednesday staple at Wedge Brewing, Asheville, NC!
