4	Hairdays is a very friendly neighborhood hair salon.  I love that you do not need an appointment to be seen.  They are even open on Sundays.  Their price are very affordable!  I do notice they have a new staff member everytime I go but I still recognize many familiar faces.  The only thing that I don't understand is why their prices to color your hair is never consistent, seems to be dependent on who quotes it.  Other than that I am a true fan!.
5	I take my 2 boys - ages 12 and 15 - to see Carmen at Hairdays all the time. She's fantastic! Always on time and we never wait when we have an appointment. I could not be happier her. One thing that set Carmen apart was when she said "If your wife doesn't like this style on your boys, come back and I'll do what she wants for free". Wow! Tell me where you're going to get that kind of service!
5	If you need a new look go see Carmen or Cassandra at Hair Days they will fix you right up. I have been going to them for years and I always walk out with a smile on my face.
5	Just finished up having Andy do my hair.. It was in really bad shape going in she helped pick the perfect color and talked me thru a new cut too! She is amazing does phenomenal work I highly recommend seeing her if you need something new and fresh for fall!!
5	I got my hair cut here today, and Andrea, "Andy," did a fantastic job. When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was that all of the stylists were friendly and the shop was extremely clean!  Andy kept our conversation flowing as she cut my hair. I asked for long layers and I asked her to not take too much off and she did perfectly. Her cut and blow out left my hair feeling healthy, voluminous, light and healthy. Thank you bunches, Andrea!
4	I moved from NY a year ago and have not gotten my hair cut until yesterday. I went to Andy based on the Yelp reviews and I am very happy. I had a terrible experience at Supercuts and was avoiding getting my hair cut for fear of another bad hair cut. Andy did everything I asked. Hairdays is very reasonably priced I will be back!
4	I love my new haircut from Carmen.  The receptionist is very friendly, and even though I was late for my first appointment, Carmen was very gracious.  I would definitely recommend this hair salon, you won't be disappointed.
1	Yeah, how hard is it to follow instructions? Because when I asked for my haircut I got something WAY shorter than what I wanted. But your thinking "Oh they might've understood you wrong." Nope I showed them a picture too and they still messed up! (Yes im furious)
4	Hairdays is a great place for a haircut! Went today for the very first time, Carmen (is worth five stars) took the time to ask me about what I was looking for in a haircut and actually how I wear my hair. I have thick curly hair so I am always worried about a new stylist. However, this cut is fantastic and I can just tell it is going to grow out nicely. I also had my eyebrows waxed and Ebony did a super job! My experience was so good, I'll go back again and again. The best part - both services came to $28! I have spent so much money in Scottsdale and Glendale on cuts I hated....never again. Being high-priced doesn't mean you are worth it!! Try this place....you won't be sorry. In fact, you[ll be extremely pleased. Only reason I gave it four stars instead of five, is because it is not a upscale salon, but comfortable and clean. I guess, who needs upscale....I want a great haircut and that's exactly what I received. :)
1	Talk about a lazy shop. I called at 6 asking what time they closed, they told me 7 I said ok see you soon and hung up. After biking a few miles I got there just to see the shop closed at around 6:30! If someone calls with obvious interest of going in soon maybe say hey we're lazy and actually close 30 min before closing without telling customers so we can leave early.
