5	Great rehab!!!! The staff is so friendly and very knowledgable. I highly recommend for rehab
4	As these places go, Desert Canyon is really good.  However working in healthcare... there were a few issues with my family member that terrified me.  Sadly, this is the best of the worst and I would recommend my family go back here.  The staff is friendly, but they are inexperienced (some in nursing, the rest in english).  The Charge RN's are much better, but they cannot be everywhere at once.
3	I was here for 2 weeks.Nurse,P/T and  O/T were great. I can't  ask for anything better and will  recommend to anyone.But when it comes to Management and Operating  ,they have issue.Director of cace management was very hard to deal with and her English was also hard to understand.Cace manager who were assign to me ,never  showed up,this is why I had to deal with director.My insurance was Medicade and I felt I was treated  unfairly. Director kept telling that I should go to skilled nursing home  Rehab was not for me.Therapists had to go convince director that I was getting better.She also lies alot. Not very professional.
2	Shared bathroom between rooms.... So sad if you get a sick or incontinent or sloppy neighbor. It can be smelly and dirty. Ugh. Let's just say the help do their best. English is a second language to most of these staff members... The women from the Philipines have a sweetness which is very different and endearing. It seems to be cultural. The best way to have a good experience here is to be very heads up and know yourself what is good and healthy and necessary for you or your family member. If you take the complacent path and leave it up to the professionals... You will get exactly what you put into it. Garbage in... Garbage out!It takes learning about healthcare to get great healthcare. That is true in all aspects if healthcare. If you are too busy to study and learn, you will not get what you need, unless you are the luckiest person on earth. The internet make it easy. Especially if you study natural, holistic health options!
4	Five stars to the rehab team, 4 to nursing and social service/case management staff.  The facility is beautiful and clean.  Cef and his rehab group helped my little sister in her struggle to regain her motor skills after her stroke at a young age.  However, we had some issues with some of the nursing staff and had to demand my sister get another nurse one evening. It was taken care of right away but should not have happened to begin with. They do have some really caring charge nurses and CNAs though.  Some CNAs need more training on how to deal with specifically with stroke patients, especially on transfers and bed mobility. You cannot ask someone who is still recovering from a stroke to just stand-up or roll in bed when they can't move half their body.  In some cases, they don't even realize half of their body is their because of hemineglect from the stroke!!!Thank God I have a healthcare professional background or else my sister would've been sent home and not continue her rehab as she so badly needed. It took some talking (and begging) before the case managers finally agreed to send her to a place to continue her rehab. She is now walking without a cane and is learning how to drive again.  Even though she still does not have functional movement of her involved arm, we are still very grateful for the staff's help in her journey to recovery!
5	If you need rehabilitation this is probably the nicest place in southern Nevada hands down. Clean,large rooms, well appointed and decorated. Very clean kitchens.
5	Sitting in my grandmas rehabilitation room. I haven't seen her happier than she is now in the past eleven years. They know what their patients need and they make no excuses to getting it done. She hasn't worked out since her stroke 12 years ago but they have highly trained doctors, nurses, and therapists on staff to get her to do what she needs to do to get better. I can't give enough praise to this clinic.
