5	This is now my destination for all cards. At any other point in my life I was the last person to give a card (they seemed more like clutter than anything). When I give one of their cards I get so many compliments, and the card gets prime real estate in my friends' home.Yes, they are expensive...but if you save it for very special occasions (x-mas, valentine's, mother's day, b-day of your girl/boyfriend) it's manageable.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this store. I was first introduced to Papyrus cards while working as a bookseller for the Barnes and Noble College Bookstore at Vanderbilt University in my hometown of Nashville, TN. Upon first exposure, I was immediately impressed by the high quality, unique presentation and variety of the products we carried. I had no idea Papyrus had their own retail stores, so image my surprise and excitement when I saw the store located at the Biltmore. I must stop here and stress that up until this point I was about ready to give up on the Biltmore as a shopping destination. It seemed every store which we visited was pervaded with subtle - and in one case in particular - not-so-subtle snobbery and rudeness toward my coworker and I who were obviously not the "high class" of customer they seemed accustomed to. I suppose bearded tattooed weirdos wearing shorts and a tank top in the oppressive Phoenix heat is considered de classe to the Biltmore set. Whatever the case, I was not expecting much based on our experience thus far. Upon entering the establishment, we were greeted by not only a beautiful, well kept, classy store but also immediately welcomed by an adorable young man in black whose pleasant demeanor and helpful, professional attitude was a welcome departure from the cold reception we had received in the other stores which we entered. The blonde young lady behind the counter was also very helpful and pleasant and seemed more than happy to indulge our every inquiry about the merchandise sold there. I was in retail heaven. Excellent, friendly customer service by people who not only seemed to enjoy their work but also feel led to make the customer feel extremely comfortable and at home is a rarity these days. We stopped, chatted and joked around a bit while shopping. By the end of the visit, we were so impressed we just wanted both the pleasantly well-kept young lady and the adorable young man to follow us around the rest of the day to keep us in good spirits. Alas, they had work to do and that was impossible. Many of the other shops at the Biltmore could learn a few things from this dynamic duo. If the Papyrus management reads this review, I strongly encourage them to commend these employees on a job well done. Your incredible store is made that much more incredible by your excellent staff. This is what the customer service experience should be like everywhere, especially in a supposedly "chic" place such as the Biltmore. Kudos to you all. Keep up the magnificent work!
5	Was rushed, needed a gift bag and card, and couldn't find what I wanted - enter Sam...! Sam was so helpful, found exactly what I needed, helped to giftwrap things perfectly and made my visit fast and fun. Thanks Sam. Garrett and management -- Sam deserves a raise!
5	Picture perfect. Yes, really that is how the cards are. You will find unique cards and stationary for all occasions and special moments. If you like Art then you will find many master pieces here. I love this store because I can find beautiful cards that I can't find in other stores. The price point is higher but it is worth every penny.
