3	found this place roaming around the city and came the next 2 days for dinner. Great chinese food here, large spacious 2nd floor dining area with large windows overlooking the street below. A great selection of beijing cuisine as well as other chinese dishes. The price is very reasionable for chinese food in the UK and portions are generous. Taste is quite authentic as well and steamed rice is free! For you shrimp cracker fans, a free bowl of them is brought up as soon as you take your seat. I suggest West Lake soup for those that are looking to order soup as it is very good. The 2nd meal i had the hot and sour soup but is a bit too strong and sour for my liking.
3	This West End restaurant holds the honour of being Edinburgh's oldest chinese restaurant! (Or so it claims). It's over 50 years old, and it's become such a local favourite they're some people who've been visiting for quite a few decades. The name is a little bit dodgy, but the food definitely isn't!The restaurant specialises in Cantonese and Peking cuisine, and there's sooooo much choice on the menu it's difficult to decide what to have. Like many chinese restaurants, the desserts menu isn't elaborate and there is something with banana's in it; this seems to be a constant in just about any chinese restaurant I've been to! One great sign in this restaurant is that there are actual Chinese people frequently eating there, as we all know its most difficult to please the home crowd.
3	Been going to this place for years.  The lunch buffet is far superior to anything offered by China China or Jimmy Chungs.  Staff a pretty miserable lot at lunchtimes though, but it being a buffet you don't have to interact with them a great deal.
3	The most important thing about a restaurant is the food, in that respect rendevous does well as it has a tasty selection at very reasonable prices. For food alone I'd give it 4 stars. After food quality I'd go for service and here rendevous is a bit lacking I'm afraid. On my first few visits for eating in and take away I was served by scowling staff who couldn't manage a smile, a thank you and looked at me like I had two heads when I said I didn't want to have rice or noodles, I had change slammed down on the counter without a thank you when my take away was ready and no hint of a "thank you, please come again." I don't mean this in a bad way as it was quite funny and in some ways it became a bit of a running joke. However, the last time I was in a young girl served me and she as super nice and friendly so hopefully things are on the up..
5	Without a doubt, my favourite and most frequented takeaway in Edinburgh. I haven't sat in but if they serve the same food in the restaurant that I get at home, you'll love it. Always fast delivery and never disappoints.
