4	This is a brand-new restaurant in the old Walnut Grove location.  They've dressed down the place a bit, and added a pizza making station into the dining section, so you can watch them make your pizza.  I only got takeout here, but the two employees I spoke with were very friendly and helpful. We just got a small pepperoni pizza, as we didn't have time to debate about getting anything more creative.  The pizza was really good--I liked the crust and the sauce.  The pepperoni was nicely spicy.There is no website yet (they need to get on that), but the menu is pretty extensive, with signature pizzas, a make-your-own option, sandwiches and salads, fried sides, and some yummy-sounding appetizers.  Prices are reasonable, but a little more than you would expect to pay at Domino's. Pizzas range from $10-18, but sandwiches are about $9. There is a full bar, and judging by the drunk guys in suits sitting there, they probably have some kind of happy hour specials.  You can also get six packs of beer for takeout. This restaurant is a welcome addition to Fox Chapel's fairly limited array of food establishments.
1	Mediocre is great description. There are far better places. Pizza was bland, dishes were dirty, service was ok....
3	Full Disclosure: I was given a gift card by the manager as an enticement to try this place again, after I wrote a somewhat negative review based on a prior visit.  Kudos to the manager for leveraging social media to connect with customers.The place was crowded on a Friday evening, which I took to be a good sign.  We were seated promptly.  I overheard the family seated next to us saying how much they liked the pizza.  I took that to be another good sign that maybe they had made some improvements.  Our waitress was helpful and attentive considering how busy the place was.  So I would say service has improved.As for the food, it was somewhere between ok and good.  The chicken/chili nachos was large enough to feed four hungry people and came with a special sauce (sorry I can't remember the name) that was very good and something I had never had before.  When the manager sent me he gift card, he suggested we try the buffalo chicken pizza - a thin crust, cheese (cheddar?) pizza with chicken, and a sauce made from a blend of buffalo sauce and ranch dressing.  It was a little dry, and somewhat light on the sauce, but better than I expected..So, I can increase my rating to 3-stars and honestly felt an improvement compared to my previous visit.  I hope they stay the course.
1	Pizza not good, the food is expensive.  Over $5 for 4 regular cheese sticks with dipping sauce that tasted like it came out of a can.  The pizza which they claim is from a old recipe was bland, the sauce again not good, there was hardly any cheese and the crust had a slight garlic taste but it was not very tasty.  The worst is they charge $2 for kids drinks, that totalled $6 in itself.  Not cool.  The service is slow even though they were pretty much empty and it took forever to get a pop refill. I will not go back and if you want good pizza look elsewhere.  I went one time before this and the service was slow then but the fried cheese was half mooned shaped and tasted better, the menu still says they are half mooned shaped but it lied.
4	Freeport Pizza Kitchen has closed permanently.
