5	The breakfast was absolutely delicious and the service was impeccable. Best. Diner. Ever.
1	I am a fan of Marie Callendar's but this particular location is no good.
1	recently used a "lunchclub.net" two for one coupon for lunch. my associate had the philly steak and i had the lemon chicken. both meals were short of expectations. the steak sandwich was a poor version of that meal. my chicken was very salty and the vegetables (steamed) were limp. needless to say, even with the coupon(still ended up paying over 20 bucks w/2 iced teas) , neither of us will be returning.
1	9/3/10. Our family decided to go for pie. We had to wait to be seated so they could put tables together even though the place was nearly empty. Then we waited to put our orders in. Several things we asked for were no longer available in fact not even offered off the menu anymore. Then when we got our drinks our server didn't even go around to each person to give them their drinks. She made us pass them around. Two in our party ordered hot tea and asked several times for refill of water which never came. We also asked for spoons which were again given to one person and we had to pass around the table. We rarely saw our waitress. When our pie was delivered it was auctioned off by someone else, and again we had to pass the pie around since they wouldn't give it to each person. He didn't even take the tray and stand away. It was left next to me blocking my way from getting out of the table. When hot water was finally delivered by yet another person only one container was brought for two people. When asked if that was enough and was told "no" he took away the same container and again only brought one container back. the service was deplorable. When we went to leave I could barely get out due to tray and stand. It was finally moved a foot by another worker and still left for yet another person to remove it. If I were you please choose another place to eat. It's not worth the frustration and inept service.
