3	Mahogany high-backs, salsas x 5, and cheap, nummy lunch deals. Yup, they bring you as many salsas, just for sitting down, as there are A's in Guadalajara.What it isn't: high-quality ingredients. What it is: almost free from Tex-Mex super-flavorful Taqueria that also does Tortas, Chilaquiles, Chile Rellenos, etc. There were Fajitas, so that's the almost. I had slighty-angry belly later that day, which is the no-high-qual.There's so much good food lining this road that the small lunch crowd we were part of made sense, I guess. Still, the flavors are solid, Chilaqulies done right - crisp but soaked (and part of a combo so I could have an enchilada or Relleno too!! first for me!), fried egg on the side. They drew a smiley face with Crema on 'em for me. I like you guys too.
3	Is it me or is Taqueria Guadalajara fun to say? It's easy to ride past this restaurant and say to yourself, "I wonder what that place is about?" or maybe not even notice it.  When you walk in, you know it's going to be good.  They bring pico, salsas and fresh limes out pronto. You get hot salsa without having to ask, that is a gold estrella from me.  Comfort food and great service.
4	Guadalajara is an authentic taqueria. Their food does not arrive covered in sour cream and cheese and that is fine with me. Food is overall very good but can be inconsistent at times. Not much to look at on the inside with wooden booths that aren't the most comfortable. When this place is good - as was my last visit - it is four stars. However sometimes the meat is overcooked; this is where the inconsistency comes in. The carne asada is cut a bit too thin; the steak ranchero can come out a bit dry. But when everything comes out right it is fabulous!What brings me back time and time again is the side order you can get of roasted onions and jalapenos. For $2 you can get a plate of six large jalapenos or 7 large scallions that have been grilled; they will transform anything rolled in a tortilla to be absolutely delicious. Ordered taco's a la carte since I can't stand a plate loaded up with carbs.  One carne asada which was $2.50, one al pastor which was $1.50 and one barbacua which was $1.50.  Served simply with a bowl of cilantro and a bowl of chopped onions. Topped with their various salsas and grilled veggies it was a tasty meal. New this visit was a menu of fruit pulps; kind of an exotic shake. There are several kinds from the usual - mango, papaya, blackberry - and the unusual - passionfruit, soursop, tamarand. The descriptions mentioned the health benefits of each fruit, like good for kidneys, antioxidant, intestinal transit, and others which were pretty amusing to read. They had a shake made from Lulo;  some kind of citrus fruit I had never heard of before, so of course I had to try it. It was sweet and tasty, would definitely come back for some of the others.
4	Ok, this is not my favorite taqueria, but it is good. The biggest issue here is that the meat quality seems to vary, sometimes a bit tuff, sometimes a little overdone, but when they get it right, it's very good. My wife loves the place for the roasted jalepenos and onions. They are scrumptious, but my fave items are the salsas, you have to try them.
