5	I experienced my 1st Krispy Kreme here before it ever made it to the SF Bay Area.  That trip, I ended up bringing some back on the plane, and everyone was jealous.  It's always good....even though it's a major sugar rush.  The glazed raised doughnuts cannot be matched.  What can be better?  A side of free WIFI, that's what!
5	Best donuts ever (don't even try to argue that Dunkin Donuts is better).  But due to health reasons, I eat maybe 2 a year.  My wife on the other hand can eat up to 4 in one sitting.  Its great that this place gives free samples so often when you go in to buy them as opposed to drive through.The staff even gave my wife a discount on donuts a few times cuz they thought she was hot.  She once got 4 donuts and only got charged 75 cents and then another time they just threw in 2 extra hot originals in her bag!!  Crazy!!
4	the smell makes you want to buy one of everything.fresh at anytime of the day.great coffee great selection of yummy hot donuts
5	Original Glazed Donut- THE BEST DONUT EVER!!!
3	Who doesn't like classic glazed donuts fresh and hot!Krispy Kreme is a great donut place and a nice change from any other.  Although there are a few local donut shoppes that are really good and slightly better, you can't go wrong with the classic donut from this place.  As for the people who gave one star based on the donuts being cold, most donut shops serve their donuts "cold", so I'm not sure what the problem is.  This place is different because they make original glazed donuts nice and hot every hour, and when you see their sign turn on, get in line.It's great for late at night or a quick dessert, in my opinion.  I'm not saying that I'm a fan by giving 4 stars, but they are better than A-OK.  If I could give 3.5 stars I would.
4	There come times in everyone's life when you simply must have a doughnut.  While I normally try to eat healthy foods, sweet pastries are one of my weaknesses. I may be able to suppress the desire for months at a time, but sooner or later I cave in to the temptation.Among my very occasional guilty pleasures, I count the original glazed, and chocolate-iced glazed doughnuts from Krispy Kreme.  Served fresh and warm, they are so soft that your fingers sink into the doughy pastry as you pull off a bite, and the sticky sugar-glaze melts in your mouth.It's probably not possible to make a truly healthy doughnut, but Krispy Kreme has at least taken steps to make they're delicious doughnuts less unhealthy, and they've done this without compromising the taste.  Namely, Krispy Kreme has reduced the amount of trans fat in all their doughnuts to half a gram or less, which (per U.S. FDA guidelines) allows them to advertise the doughnuts as having 0 grams of trans fat.  However, bear in mind that if you have two or three doughnuts in one sitting, you're probably consuming at least a gram of trans fat, and you should know that's not healthy!  If I rated Krispy Kreme on taste alone, I would give it five stars.  But I'm going to treat doughnut shops the same way I treat a fast-food burger joint.  Because both types of establishments have limitations on the quality of their atmosphere, service, and nutritional content, my highest rating is four stars.  So that's what my favorite doughnut shop gets.
4	I think that the donuts are A-OK when they are the prepped one. Though some flavors are good, many are very sweet and I can only have a bit before it's too much. I still think they're better quality in general than the other donut chains. I'm a fan though because nothing will make me act like a little kid than being handed a hot glazed donut. It's like crack addictive. Came for a work meeting....and I threw open the box to get them hands around hot donuts....no hot leftovers....how I didnt buy one more hot one is shocking. It's just a different texture, pillowy, chewy donut and the glaze just melts in the mouth since it's still not solid. Look for the making hot glazed donut now sign and go see what I mean.
5	I have been deprived of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts for most of my life.For the 20+ years that I lived in Hawaii, there was no Krispy Kreme location on Oahu. The only time I could eat these awesome doughnuts was during my rare vacations in California. I would say maybe a year or so before I moved to the OC, they finally opened a location on the islands! How exciting right? But it was on Maui, booo!! There were stores around town who sold Krispy Kreme that has been flown in, but seriously, it's just not the same!  So then I move to the OC, and of course there is no location in my city! The nearest one is about 9 miles away. *sigh* I have no other choice but the Donut Star that is near us.Anyway, I just have to stop here at least once whenever we are in Vegas. Who doesn't love their hot and fluffy original glazed doughnuts that practically melt in your mouth? The employees here always have a smile on their face, gotta love it when the "Hot Now" sign is on and they hand you a free doughnut! It's also fun to walk in and see everything being made. They really are THE BEST!!
5	In the words of Homer Simpson..."mmMMMMmmm!  Doughnuts!!  aAARR!"We just picked up some hot, fresh-off-the-line doughnuts at Krispy Kreme in Chinatown - dessert for the keiki!  What made it more special this time around was that they had some of their tasty treats decorated in the spirit of the holiday, Halloween!  BOO!  As always, we bought a dozen so the kids can devour them over the weekend with a few of their friends coming over tomorrow - makes for a perfect snack!I don't know how many of you may know this, but the Krispy Kreme on Spring Mountain is also one of their doughnut factories (not all KK locations are tied to their factories here in LV).  When you see their HOT neon LIGHT on, it means that their Original Glazed doughnuts are hot off the belts!  We try to make it there around the time they have their HOT LIGHT on!  They offer a freshly made, warm, melt-in-your-mouth Original Glazed straight off the belt...FREE!  Well, it's free if you are purchasing something.  What a treat, right?!?  So far, we've known them to make fresh ones right around 11am and 5pm; I could be wrong though (about the time).So, for anyone interested in going in to a Krispy Kreme to see, or taste, what all the hype is about, visit when the HOT LIGHT in ON!  You will be able to sample one of the most tempting, sumptuous treats your mouth has ever experienced!  I know all you Hawaii people looking to get their Krispy Kreme fix on will be there!!!  Don't forget to bring your dozens back home to your family!
5	not sure why I'm doing this......  Everyone knows Krispy Kreme Doughnuts are the King....    but anyway.....  as soon as you walk in, you see all this machinery....  then see the racks of doughnuts just waiting to be automatically deep-fried, and as you walk up to the counter to pick out a doughnut (or 2), an employee behind the counter asks if you would like a free sample, and reaches behind her, grabs a fresh, hot doughnut which had just got glazed about 30 seconds before, and hands it to you,  then you take the first bite, and let it MELT in your mouth......  and you are HOOKED.   "I'll take a dozen, please"....   THEN you see that they offer more than just the plain donuts......   the hardest time you will have is to pick out which one(s) you want.  Then working it off the rest of the week.  :)
1	Drove around 30 trying to get some doughnuts found this place and my wife asked if they had sugar free doughnuts , the lady told us we had the wrong place in a hella rude attitude...
3	I am quite pleased that there is still one around at this point. In San Diego, they were all converted to Chic-Fil-A (however we don't have one of those here and they are the bomb). We used the drive-thru which was speedy but when I got the the picture covered drive-thru they did not have the Glazed Kreme filled listed as one of the choices. I asked the guy in the drive thru speaker if they had any and he said no. I asked if they had been discontinued, but he didn't respond. He then came back and asked how many I wanted, and I asked how many he really had. He responded 4, and we took all four. I am not sure why they told us that they didn't have any, or why its not on the sign anymore but in the end, I got my fave donut.
5	Krispy Kreme Doughnuts are the best, and I am telling you right now, you need to go when the red fresh light is on, because when you get a glazed that just rolled off the belt I Kidd you not, it will literally melt in your mouth! Krispy Kreme Kleans the Kompetition!
4	I picked up the double dozen pack for some clients I was going to visit. This location is on the west side of town, the drive thru and accepting plastic makes this KK super convenient. I didn't eat a KK doughnut that day and I really don't care for the glazed BC of the overly sweet taste. When I do have a KK glazed doughnut, I prefer the doughnut piping hot and I need a cup of coffee to chase it.My customers enjoy KK Donuts so I'll return here again for sure.
4	Original glazed fresh out of the oven is my fav!This location has friendly staff and area is relatively clean. I've been here 2-3 times and all those times they were making the fresh doughnuts... so either I'm lucky or they make a new batch every hour or so. Sometimes there are coupons that give buy one dozen get the second dozen free.
3	Love this place when I'm in the mood for some donuts. I'll be honest here, I'm not a big fan of sweets, but boy do I like me some fresh warm cooked donuts when I have a sweet tooth. I like the idea how they have a little observation area where you can watch the employees (or should I say machine) make the donuts and watch the employees pick out the fresh donuts.I will never buy donuts anywhere else besides this place. Gotta have the known glaze donuts every time I come here. Not much of a chocolate or sprinkles fan, but my son sure loves all those different toppings on e'm.NOTE: Don't for get the milk!
3	Good donuts, fresh, always a treat to pick up a dozen or so to share with co-workers.  We first moved to Vegas, it was fun trying the different donut shops, now that we have been here a while, Krispy Kreme has stayed fresh.
2	This was my favorite donut place. It has changed. I suggested to a few friends today to stop here for a little afternoon snacks. I felt a little embarrassed after wards.The price went up. The place is a little rundown. The service was just bearable. The worst thing was the donuts somehow does not taste as good as before.I don't think I would come back here again unless I am desperate.
5	Sinfully delicious. Friendly service. Clean place. Love the free samples.Don't order the watered down hot cocoa.
4	What's not to love about Krispy Kreme Doughnuts? This place has the doughnut maker so I was able to request for a doughnut right off the press! OMG... it was so soft and chewy! I loved every bite! The workers were friendly too! Too bad I live so far away!
3	WHAT?!!  Sour cream glazed is back?  ZOMG.   And Pumpkin SPICE?  And they were fresh as they should be.So I lived in Winston-Salem where Krispy Kreme HQ is and I can tell you that there are a few things that are amiss here.  First, there should have been napkins given at the drive-thru window.   Who the hell eats donuts with no napkins.  Second, the price in Vegas is like $2 more for a dozen than in Winston-Salem.  So I question whether or not that's an excise fee because the ingredients have to travel further?   I would imagine that the prices should be the same everywhere, but I guess not.  In any case, that did throw me off a little.Overall, Southerners know that Krispy Kreme is king when it comes to donut chains.  Unless you happen to be a Yankee and then you'll love that Dunkin/Winchell's.This establishment is okay but then again I don't really go into places if I can drive through them.  Wait.... that didn't sound right.
5	The best donuts in the biz, bish.
4	They are always one of my top 10 dessert:) 24/7!!!!
4	So the BF decided to take my daughter and I for some fresh Krispy Kreme donuts after our St Patrick's Day 5k run last Saturday.  I know - totally defeating the purpose of a 5k run but what the heck.  Noone can believe I have never been there prior to now.  As I am not a donut girl, I was more in the mood for a bagel but decided to roll with it for this time as there was this special donut I was to be introduced to- says my BF.  Hmm.  I'm so intrigued.As we walk in, there is a family ahead of us and immediately the lady behind the counter offers us a sample.  To me a sample is a BITE Krispy Kreme!  A BITE!  No I was handed this warm, soft, sweet, right out of the oven goodness.....mind you it was not a bite it was a whole glazed donut!  Wow what the heck now??  Eat it and leave?  No....do the right thing....order what you came here for. LOL  By now the 300+ calories I just lost by running just added that back and then some....and then out of pure nice obligation I ordered a cinnamon roll.  Tear. Guilt.  Pleasure.  As we devoured (I didnt eat the whole thing btw) the 2nd round of donuts I must say that I was quite impressed with this melt in your mouth breakfast (I guess thats what you call it). hahaThe people working were very nice and helpful. How could you not be nice and sweet when you put smile on people's faces every day.  The place was clean other than the floors were super sticky....I guess that goes with the sticky sweet donuts or its just their ploy to keep you stuck there. While I am not a sweets girl and would much prefer a bagel, I would have to say it was the best dern donut I ever had!  There you go!  We wont be making this a 5k race tradition...just sayin.
5	We had fun here tonight. My Significant Other has never been at a Krispy Kreme manufacturing store so we had a good time watching the dough travel through the stages of production.  We started joking about the mistakes- the blobs that weren't properly shaped, the dough that didn't brown on both sides, etc.  One of the employees saw us and came out to join us. He was so funny, and very knowledgeable about his work. He said it takes 41 minutes to make a doughnut, and described some of the process. It's great to know your food is being made by such an enthusiastic and positive person! He made our day.Oh, and the doughnuts are HEAVEN.
5	Yes, I sniffed out a KK in Vegas!There must be crack sprinkled in their donuts because they're so addicting! Luckily, the nearest one is about 20-30 mins away from where I live, so I don't/can't go there as often as my cravings would like to. It's kremey krack!  One of my favs is the oreo creme one (NOT the cake one). The oreo cake one is just like a donut made out of cake. I ordered that one on accident.  Oops! It's unfortunate (fortunate for my gut) that there's no more kk's in the valley like there used to be or else I'd be a big fat fattie!
1	I drove though to pick up the double dozen for a client and they advised me the machine was broken so they had no glazed donuts. How is this possible and how did the make the other donuts?Ended up driving straight to Winchell's.
4	Well I'm just a fan of Krispy Kreme though I don't remember the last time I've had some prior to this visit.  Back in the day, this is a true story, after our stay in Vegas we would order boxes of Krisy Kreme and carry-on them on the plane back to Hawaii.  I'm sure we weren't the only ones who did this especially if there wasn't a Krispy Kreme there. So what's the funniest thing you've carried on to the plane when vacationing?I use to like watching them make the doughnuts and seeing how cool it was going through the whole process from dough to my mouth.  Today I picked up a dozen of the fresh warm original glazed doughnuts. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/krispy-kreme-doughnuts-las-vegas-9?select=qxUOgM4Ou5jQfX7cFMJR0Q#nqByqzZcVfHQXmiOqn5dRQ You can never go wrong with the good stuff.  The girl there even hooked me up with one extra doughnut to eat right there.  I inhaled it before I even got rang up.  What's better than having coffee and doughnuts on a nice morning in Vegas. Don't forget to pick up and use your buy any 10 dozen doughnuts get one dozen original glazed free.  She gave me 2 hole punches instead of 1 AWESOME.
5	I soooooo LOVE Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, such a HUGE fan!!!! And seriously,....I may sound like a pig, but c'mon,...I can't eat just one I have to eat like 4, with my coffee of course.  :-)
5	Right on the money! Service was fast and friendly, and the donuts were fresh and tasty. What more could you want?
2	Bad customer service refer to my tip from today.
5	Original glazed!!! Need I say more?? I usually go to KK during its peak hour. Because these donuts are so much better when they are fresh off the conveyor belt. Its like perfect combination of dough, sugar, and warm oil. Sometimes I imagine myself going through the tiny cascade of donut glazer, lying supine on that conveyor belt and get covered. Except the frying part. Of course. Only donuts should be fried. I've noticed about bad service in previous reviews. I am like who cares, give me a free sample and take my money already!!
4	I'm not a huge doughnut fan but friends of mine are. We winged in for a box to go and everybody liked them. I thought they were OK and would've dropped 3 stars on KK but the girls were really friendly and deserved a bump up.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! I wish I could get it everyday!
2	I waited at the counter for 6 minutes alone, all alone. 4...yes 4 workers looked at me, one said hi and yet no one asked if I'd been helped. No one bothered to take my order. Finally after saying, "excuse me" twice the drive thru lady came to help. It took about 4 more minutes to get to the paying point because she was sooooo overwhelmed by myself and one drive thru car that she couldn't even focus. I ordered one donut. It's not that hard. The two stars are because I love those damn glazed chocolate things.
4	There are doughnuts and then there is Krispy Kreme. There are times I just want a doughnut and times I want a Krispy Kreme doughnut. And lately, it has been the latter. Something about a hot glaze doughnut just brings a smile to your face. While they are not as cheap as your local doughnut shop, the airy goodness inside of them makes up for the difference. Plus with the seasonal Christmas doughnuts they tend to have, it just makes it all that much better. Fortunately for me, I can only put down two to three of these before I want to run the other way. Something about how sweet they are I guess.
4	I love love love krispy Kreme doughnuts, especially when you enter and take a sniff of the freshly baked doughnuts they are making and then they hand you a free original glazed.  Yummmy! I love their chocolate glazed doughnut, it is my favorite! I dislike their red velvet doughnut! I had to try it out at least once and it wasn't a hit for me.  Overall, great tasting doughnuts and fast service.  What more can you ask for? :)
2	I'm a fan of Krispy Kreme and its sweet glazed goodness.  BUT I had to deduct stars because they gave me an incomplete order.  My mom went in the other day ordering  a dozen varied donuts, but asked for the dozen to be split into two boxes (with six donuts each).  One box was for us, and the other was for a friend.  We ate one on the way because we couldn't resist the temptation.  When we got to our friend's house with the other untouched box, there were two donuts missing!  We couldn't even go and grab our box to switch it because we had already eaten one.  It was so embarrassing to bring a spacious box with four donuts (that should have been six!) to their house as a treat.  It made my mom and I look like we had eaten the two, and just gave them the rest.Not cool, Krispy Kreme.  Maybe it was our fault for not double checking before we left, but we trusted them to place the 12 donuts we paid for into the boxes. :(
3	Typical chain doughnut store.  Very similar to Dunkin Donuts.  Average service and selection.  Since I've been to an original KK, this place is a little bit of a let down.  They do have the "fresh" light, letting you know when the doughnuts are piping hot off the line!  If you are looking for more creative and tasty morsels...try Pink Box or AJ's.
5	A month long birthday extravaganza always means extreme indulging. My boyfriend and I were hurting from the night before, so a Krispy Kreme doughnut was just the exact thing we needed. What better way to grab doughnuts when you're hungover than through a drive thru! So genius. Of course we ordered an original glazed, it's the best one there! Plus we were feeling a little wild so we also tried the chocolate with custard filling and the chocolate glazed. The doughnuts were still warm in the box! We ate them immediately (you kind of have to). The chocolate ones were just not my thing, also the custard was tasty, but still not my thing. The original wins them all! It's seriously the best thing ever. Next time i'm going to order 4 to myself, it's way too good to share. We also ordered a large iced vanilla latte (which looked like a medium). It was alright, the coffee flavor isn't strong and prominent like I would prefer. Also, the vanilla flavor was nonexistent. It was very light, milky and great for those who don't like a strong coffee flavor.
5	This is the location for the hot donuts. Melt in your mouth fresh.  Always best donuts in the world.  Not like other heavy cake donuts, very light and fresh.
4	I have always been crazy about this location. It's a sweet deal...you get to buy these sweet lil bites of joy. And what u spend won't break your bank. And if u take them home they last like 3 to 4 days. I enjoy mine with ice cold milk. This place is always clean. The people who work here always have a smile on their face.
5	You never know what a good doughnut taste like until you've had a bad one. This place rocks. Krispy Kreme always has really great promotional deals too. Make sure to check out their website and sign-up to be a part of their club/mailing list. My favorites are the original glazed, sour cream old fashion, old fashion, bear claws, lemon filled and raspberry filled. They are all really great and reasonably priced.
5	I've been on a donut kick lately, so I've been seeking out many of Las Vegas's donut shops.  I have found that Krispy Kreme offers the freshest and tastiest donuts that just melt in your mouth! Get them while their hot! They have got donut  making down to a science! You can't go wrong with any donut you choose. Here's a tip, don't go through the drive thru, a staff member may give you a free donut from time to time. :)
5	Best donuts ever! This location has a drive-thru & everything is always fresh. Fast & great customer service!
5	First of all, I love that it's open 24/7!I was craving donuts when I came in the first time and I went on yelp to check out the reviews. They were horrible. I was a little eh about coming in here but thankfully I didn't experience what they experienced. It's my second time coming here now and the customer service is by far the best I've had in any donut shop. And they give out free FRESH warm donuts!!!
4	I am not a sweet tooth kinda gal, but I simply cannot resist Krispy Kreme original glazed and Cronuts! I love the staff here. They are so pleasant and always eager to give customers their free glazed donut! Yummy!
2	Quite possibly the worst Krispy Kreme experience ever! We came here around 9:45 to get two boxes to take home on the evening of Black Friday. The lady that helped us was incredibly rude. No matter the circumstance, and I don't even know if she worked an all day/night shift, she should have been friendly. That aside, I notice some man mopping the floors, water going *wooosh* inside where the donuts are just laying there on the machine. I could not believe my eyes!! The labels did not match the donuts on display and when we asked her to clarify, she gave us a long speech about how they distribute donuts to the gas stations and blah blah blah. I was honestly ready to walk out but we were lucky enough to just pick out the donuts on display that were at least covered by a glass door. I will not come back here... ever
1	5/5 for the donuts. 1/5 for service.I just left this place. I got off of work at 5:30pm. It was a long day full of crap so on my way home I decided to stop by and get some donuts. Everything went good up until, I started walking out. I found this to be very unprofessional. As I was walking out the guy that helped me said to the girl that was after me that he was glad to see her smiling and that most people don't smile anymore. She then went along and said, "yeah, I noticed that. I always smile." I seriously wanted to turn around and say something but I chose not to. I don't know if this guy expected all females to flirt with his a** but I certainly didn't go along with it. I may not have been super excited while I picked out my damn donuts, but there was no need to go on talking about me to the next customer. This idiot doesn't know what I may have been through this day. I hope management sees this and informs his employees to keep their damn mouths shut next time a quiet, customer walks in.
3	Yeah this is just a chain donut shop but still, getting another dozen free for buying a dozen make us feel good. That is #DayOfTheDozens - December 12 (12-12) every year.The two dozens went to my wife's coworkers, but we scored another two pieces for ourselves - for free!It's a bummer that their donuts contain trans-fat - something I have to keep out from my diet. That is why having Krispy Kreme is a rare occasion, but when I do, I enjoy it a lot.
4	Never go to a Krispy Kreme that don't make donuts on site! This one does and that free warm donut fresh off the conveyor is always amazing!
1	5/5 on glaze doughnuts but the HOT LIGHT hours sucks. They never follow through the hot light hours they posted by the door and drive-thru (which is 5am-11am and 5pm to 10pm). Been coming back here on those hours and hot light always off. It's a waste of time and trip. Now we're stuck but to buy what they have on the shelves. This is so un-professional and they'll loose customers for this.
