4	70+ year old hostess Shelby: "Where does a one-legged waitress work" Us: *Blank stares* Shelby: "IHOP" Yeah... it was one of those nights. I was actually really impressed with this particular Denny's. Both the hostess and our waitress were EXTREMELY nice and accommodating, especially since we were a large, obnoxiously drunken group of people stumbling in after midnight. The food came out quick and correct, my cup was never empty and the booth made for a nice resting place for my head. Thanks Denny's. Without my delicious chocolate milkshake and 2 egg breakfast I would have puked and passed out in the parking lot.
4	Everyone knows what Denny's is and Denny's is no 4 star establishment; however this Denny's gets 4 stars for a Denny's.We stumbled in most of us drunk and obnoxious. We were seated quickly by the funniest hostess ever to work at a Denny's. She began telling us jokes that you can read in the other reviews. I mentioned we needed six jokes hoping we would each have one for our reviews. "Sex jokes or six jokes?" She asked."Six jokes.""Sex jokes?"Six jokes...S-I-X.""You don't spell sex with an I....must have been awhile eh sweetie?"Keep in mind this lady has to be around her 60s.The service was enough to boost this place up but on top of it I was introduced to their buffalo chicken sandwich..and it is good. Seriously I swear. It is still a Denny's though.
4	It's good to know that it wasn't an alcohol-induced delirium and that this aforementioned waitress really existed.The food is a 2 or 3, as with most Denny's, but it's a 4 if she's waiting your table.
4	It all depends on what you order, when you go in, & who is serving you. We have the best experienes at night(usually). Especially when Shelby is our waitress. She's a doll. She's elderly, but does her job damn well & quick. And with a friendly-ness & kindness you just don't see anymore.our cups were never empty either. I didn't even have to ask for a to go box she brought 2. After putting our food in the box, I asked for a to go bag since we were walking. She took our empty plates & came back with a bag quickly & put our boxes in the bag for us. She truely was the best waitress Ive ever had.On another night, I was with my dad instead of my boyfriend, enjoying a cup coffee & the waiter was very inaatentive & acted as if we were bothering him by asking for a refill. He was older, around his mid-late thirties. He made alot of comments that made us both very uncomfortable. He asked where I lived, I said in Phoenix. He said I figured that but where? Like which street? Where do you  work at? I told him I don't work. He asked how I make money I told him my boyfriend provides for us. Then he asked how much he makes. I replied with a very curt "he provides for us very well & I am very happy, serious, & secure with my relationship" He also asked my dad how old I was said I was very attractive & asked if I was available. I was in the bathroom at that time. I will ask for a new waiter if I ever see him again. Overall, it's our usual spot.
3	I like Denny's for breakfast, that right, I like it especially on my birthday HA!  3 stars is A-OK in my book, I really like the coffee and this location isn't the nicest that I have been to but the service is always good here and you cant really screw up breakfast.  I enjoy the grand slam now that you can get it your way, I just get the eggs, sausage, oatmeal, & wheat pancakes are pretty darn good.  I do wish they had cottage cheese but that is a personal preference really.  I just like to read the newspaper and have a meal here during the week since my office is nearby, of course the food always comes out so quick that I usually have to do both at the same time but I am not complaining.
2	Typical Denny's - fast service mediocre food
3	Good food n good service. A easy choice to eat at when you want a bite.
4	Difficult to get to, this restaurant is non smoking restaurant.  We waited about 20min for our food.
1	I don't know how this place isn't shut down. Terrible service and the grill obviously wasn't cleaned, my egg had burnt pieces of something stuck to them. It tasted and looked like someone tried to cook the egg on a BBQ. This is the worst Denny's I've ever been to. One star because they seated us quick when we arrived.
1	dirty, too many flies, the staff does not wear gloves, it is gross, and the food is awful,and, not good, the utensils are never clean, tables are dirty all the time, flies everywhere.  IT IS THE WORST PLACE TO EAT.
3	Service was ok but Philly cheese sandwhich was not great.  Mom pare the senior discounted menu to the other menu and not much difference in price and you get less food. At least on the breakfast menu that's the way it was.
3	Stopped here on the way back to California.  Not the best Dennys experience I have had.  Our waiter was Arturo... didn't say his name, and reached over the table (and our food) during our meal to exchange the condiment rack.  Really that couldn't wait till after we were gone?!?Otherwise the food with standard, hot,  served quickly, and was very good.  I had regular coffee and the seasonal pumpkin pancake grand slam, with a lot of the whipped butter on top. That was good!Was disappointed that they don't have caramel coffee anymore.  But hope to see it again in the future.Overall it was an average Denny's  experience, and I would return when in Phoenix again.
