3	Um, I dunno. I have mixed emotions. Food is mediocre. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's eh. But It's charming. Lunch specials are always abound and affordable. Like I said, charming. The staff is incredibly nice and this place feels very homey and eclectic. I wouldn't necessarily call it a destination, but definitely worth a visit.
4	I had lunch here the other day with a few girls from work. This is another place that you need to come at 11:30 or 12:30. The service was ok. I am hoping it was just our waitress and that she was just having a bad day, but she didn't really seem to care about serving us. The food was really good and came out quickly! (hopefully that is a sign they will survive downtown). I had a chicken pita which was fairly good. HUGE, way too much for me to eat. The fries were also delicious. Both of the girls also loved their food. One had the flounder and the other had the Carolina burger. We will be adding this to our regular lunch rotation. With the looks of the drink specials we might also be adding it to happy hours.
4	I was very impressed with the atomosphere and menu. Though the menu was limited the meal I had was awesome, the shrimp was seasoned well did not need any sauce and the hushpuppies were GREAT!!! I only wish they had a desert menu...I will definitely put this restaurant in eating rotation...can wait to take my hubby!
5	Gus and the other folks at Nefeli's are WONDERFUL. So friendly, so family oriented, and they know how to party!The food was fantastic--burgers are absolutely delicous, fries (yum), sweet tea, the whole package. Huge portions.We stayed for a couple of hours on a Thursday night, had drinks and just a good time. The owners came out and spent some time with us, we will definitely go back!!!
3	I had to down grade my rating after this last visit. I feel as though this place is not going to last long at the fast pace of uptown lunches. Lunch took us over an hour and it was not due to our slow eating. I am hoping they can speed up their service so we do not lose another lunch place!
4	Imma going with four stars for now. Yes I've read ya'lls reviews while I was deciding. I was in the mood for a burger.. ok? Never been in the place - secluded upstairs like an upstairs hole in the wall. My kinda joint. I did a search on Yelp and came up with them for a burger.. Guess what folks.. Best burger going.. Why? They'll cook it medium rare!!! They're steak burgers. No pre-ground meat rules to follow on that one. And the beef, so they claim, is grass fed. It tasted fantastic.The scene was pretty quiet. I was there well after lunch rush. It has a cozy vibe to it. What's not to love. I can tell the chef is from the heart of the culinary underbelly too. Awesome. Someone who has respect for their meat not to turn it into a hockey puck you just have to love. Granted I was here at an off hour, but the service was really quick. If you get here when it's busy and they're slow, I'm sorry I wasn't there during normal lunch hours to give a review.Downsides. The fries were so promising. Double blanched would be my guess. I'm thinking I might have had my fries cooked in the same oil as fish from lunch earlier. At least I had the aroma of fried fish in my fries. That's not a good sign. If you're mixing oils, I'd hate to see your walk-in.Speaking of signs, I can't provide you with a health score either. I saw the sign with the score laying on the bar. It magically grew legs before I had a chance to read it. I saw it initially and thought it said something like 94.5. That struck me as odd. I'd check that if you plan on eating here next just to make sure I saw the sign correctly before it vanished.I'd give them a try again. Sorry ya'll had some bad luck here and a feel ya. I'll give it a couple more go's and if it changes, I'll change my review.
2	Came here with co-workers for lunch and I had the beef tips with a side of rice and onion rings.  Food was uninspiring, service was average, and the place was eclectic.  That said, the prices were pretty good considering the portion.  It definitely has that "home" feel, but not my home, maybe your home.The place doesn't really stand out and I would find it hard to come back to this place because nothing is really spectacular or idiosyncratic about it.  The best part is that its like a 5 block walk from where I work so I get to get in a nice brisk walk over here because the food comes out a little on the slow side.dmo out.
1	This is the worst place I've ever visited.  After a couple of visits that were ok (hey, it was cheap and near my work, so convenience won out over quality), I vowed I'd never go back.  Visit number three resulted in hair in the food, and moldy bread.  While I know occasionally these things happened, when this was pointed out to the waitress, she simply shrugged and handed us our bill.  So... if potentially bad sanitation and poor customer service are your cup of tea, check this place out.  If you want management that is harassing and threatening to it's customers, then Nefelie's deserves five stars.  But for a local establishment with actual positive qualities, I'll stick to one star.
1	I'll continue to stand by my one-star rating... the owner of the restaurant has sent me threatening and derogatory emails, messages with fake Yelp accounts, and now a recent comment here.  One comment said something along the lines of "You don't know what I'm capable of", which is exactly why I will continue to warn others from "dining" at this establishment.  I think the lesson to be learned in all of this is that while sanitation issues can happen from time to time, the key is recognizing the problem, apologizing and making it right.  Instead, what Nefelie's has done is harass me and told me I am wrong.  This is definitely not the right way to do things as a human being or business owner!
4	Since I work in Uptown, my colleagues and I frequent Nefelie's and we've NEVER had a bad meal there. I'm puzzled as to some of the negative reviews, but hey, it's the restaurant industry and they have "on" and "off" days. Yes, service CAN be a little slow, BUT, that's usually because the place is almost always very busy (now THAT's a good sign!). I'm guessing this is a Greek run business, given their excellent Gyros and Souvlaki. Their specials are usually great values too. I'm quite the foodie and can be VERY critical of restaurants, and this one passes my muster. Always flavorful food at very reasonable prices. So the value is definitely there!For the money, this is one of the best places for lunch in Uptown Charlotte. As one astute reviewer has noted, they have really great burgers too!
4	You guys.  $8 ribeye special on Thursdays?!?! R U kidding me???  This place was the jam.  I headed over to the Arcade and I almost walked into Metropolitan, but the marquee for Nefelie's caught my eye.  I took a gander at the menu, and I was sucked in.  They have daily specials, which (if they're anything like the ribeye special) seem to be a great value.  Ordered a take-out meal since we were having a break room lunch, and the whole time I was wishing that I had convinced the lunch-bringers to come with me.I had some time waiting for my food to really look around and see the room and I was really digging the ambiance.  Relaxed, and low key, with some TVs scattered around.  Cute bar area and large windows overlooking the Arcade.  When you walk in, there's just a bar downstairs, so you have to go up the stairs to the actual restaurant, which I'm finding is standard for some of the arcade places.  I will definitely be back, and paleo/primal friends will appreciate the Thursday special fo-sho.
3	Nefelie's was a fine place to down a few beers with friends and chow down a decent Greek salad after a long day of working at the track in Charlotte. We were staying downtown, so the location was convenient. The manager was really nice, and offered the idea of a White IPA not yet on the menu that turned out to be delicious! When we were back in Brevard Ct. the following night Nefelie's was closed, which was a bit strange on the big NASCAR race weekend.
5	Great food and prices. Lemon pepper chicken is a must and gyro plate is the bomb.
2	Gyro plate... ehhhhh. Not as good as metropolitan across the way but they stop serving lunch at 2pm so I had to get my rotating lamb beef fix and I gave it a try. Salty.
5	Hands DOWN this is my new favorite lunch place in Uptown Charlotte. I've already been here 4 times in the past week and a half!The restaurant / bar is located just outside the Latta Arcade on the Church St. side and doesn't have a very prominent sign so you have to walk in a bit. The restaurant itself, like many of its neighbors, is split in two. The bottom floor is a small bar/lounge and can be quite packed in the evenings, bustling with activity. I can't say I know what they offer in the late evenings as far as booze and entertainment is concerned, but I will attest to the AWESOMENESS that is their lunch/dinner menu. The top floor dining area has a similar chill and somewhat homey contemporary feel as the bottom floor - complete with an artificial fire in the corner! The menu though is far more Mediterranean with Greek salads, pita-based dishes and a variety of enticing and uniquely prepared meat dishes including Gyros. I am currently obsessed with the Lemon Pepper Chicken. I honestly don't know what goes into the SAWCE, but dam is it good. At lunch, you get a nice portion of grilled sliced chicken on a bed of rice with your choice of two sides. For those of you who like to have a lot of choice, I can almost guarantee you that this menu will have at least one thing that you're going to like. I always pick the okra and extra crispy french fries, though you can go healthier with veggies and salad. If you're not into that, then flip the menu over and there are a dozen sandwiches and customizable burgers. They're enormous and taste as good as the entrees. Chorizo and Chicken, sandwiched between ciabatta with lettuce and tomato - you'll need to deal with the food coma after ;)Appetizers - DELICIOUS! Ranges from spicy wings to gooey artichoke dip to just plain chicken tenders - don't forget the Texas Pete hot sauce they've left for you! I always wanna try something new every time I come here. I won't get bored for awhile. Moreover, they're consistent in their preparation. These cooks know what's up. I haven't been disappointed once with my order.The lemon pepper chicken and its fellow compatriot entrees can range from $8 - $10, which is a freakin steal in my books. Food comes out quickly and the service is very friendly. They're always trying to accommodate varying party sizes too. Lunch can get busy as I found out today, but these guys are so efficient, they get everyone fed and paid within the lunch hour. Must be practice!!All in all, Nefelie's is the bomb and I'll be coming here as much as I can steal time away from my work day. I'm glad to have found this place, because it stands out from many of the generic restaurants on Tryon and the Epicenter.Be back soon!5/5
4	I love this place. The owners are so friendly and actually came to talk with my friends and I. Love their gyro
5	Great service and a great atmosphere! Food is top notch and the London Broil is rrally well seasoned. Tie that in with drink/lunch specials and this is clearly the best lunch I've had yet!
1	Nefelie's says it's Greek.  If that's the case, then there are much better options for good Greek in Charlotte (e.g. Greek Isles).Quite simply, the food is sub-par.  It was edible, but not even close to "good."The first thing a good Greek restaurant should be able to do well is a horiatiki salad.  We ordered this to start, and instead of nice large chunks of fresh tomato, cucumber, and red onion with fresh feta and good olive oil, you get: diced cucumber, flavorless diced tomato, diced white onion, feta chunks that were clearly not the freshest, and some kind of sickly-sweet vinaigrette. Having lived in Athens and eaten very good horiatiki (including Greek Isles), this was the worst take on this dish I've ever had.Next I had a chicken wrap pita (their version of a chicken souvlaki pita).  This was made with the same low quality vegetables, but with the driest chicken imaginable.  The flavor wasn't terrible, but I only ate this because I was very hungry. The saving grace was the fries, which were hot and crispy and pretty good (though I think there is a good chance they started frozen because they had a similar crispy coating as the fries that Burger King came out with in the 90's when they "upgraded" their fry recipe).  My partner had a fried fish sandwich with slaw and hush puppies, which was ok but overly greasy).  All of these elements tasted ok, but nothing really noteworthy.Nefelie's is a bar, not really a restaurant.  At one point a REALLY drunk guy (not sure if he is affiliated with the place, but he did seem to know the bartender/only waitress by name) stumbled through the door, and spilled whatever he had in his hand all over the floor.  He then stumbled to the bar and knocked over a glass of beer, breaking the glass in the process.  2 obnoxious spills in less than 1 minute.  Loud cursing ensued, and pleas to the bartender for a rag and mop. If he's affiliated with the place, he's a disgrace and should be kept out of sight of customers.For food alone this was 2 stars (again, it was edible at least), but atmosphere bumped it down to a 1.  The bartender/waitress was trying her best and was friendly, but this place is kind of a mess.  We won't be back.
2	Nefelie's USED to be our favorite place to go. However, they decided to add this whole funky "traditional gyros is bad for you so we'll force you to eat healthy" approach to their food. Not that there is ANYTHING wrong with eating healthly....God knows I try to do that all the time. However, IF you want to ADD healthy options to your menu, then by all means, do that. But do NOT remove the things that your customers loved, like their traditional gyros which were delicious! Their substitute gyros were horrible.....WAYYY overspiced....in fact, that's all we could taste. I love spices.....I just didn't want to eat a jar of sage!Granted we haven't been here in months because of that awful last experience. But I HOPE the owners read this and wise up to the fact that they lost loyal customers when they redid their menu and deleted some of their best items. I'd love to give them another shot. Just offer up what made most of us love Nefelies in the first place....GREAT Greek/Mediterranean food. If I want Vegan tofu, I'll go to Luna's.
1	You want some food with your salt?This place is hidden, cozy atmosphere, really polite staff, but ultimately we go for the food, right? I tried the beef/lamb gyro 2x. The meat was tasty, but overloaded on the salt. The sides were also very salty.I feel like I gave it 2 shots and that was my limit because the salt was on overload.Wouldn't go again.
5	One of my coworkers invited a group of us out and we were all blown away.  Dont' even read the menu, just get whatever special the server suggests.  I'm a believer of the stuffed chicken with rice and two sides...freaking outstanding.  I hope they survive, uptown restaurants are difficult in charlotte
1	This place is probably the worst Greek place I've ever eaten. The good was cold, the ingredients were clearly cheap and un flavorful and  the wait staff was rude and unfriendly.  There are so many better places in charlotte.  Don't waste your money--avoid Nefellies.
4	This is about one of my favorite spots maybe because it's a hidden nook in the heart of uptown . In Order to go to the dining room area , you have to go thru a set of stairs . A little cardio doesn't hurt anyone . I came here with a friend during business lunch hour  , but we have came here before and we loved it !  For lunch it's a little chaotic but service was great . I started off with a side salad with  Greek dressing . Can I say oh my god , the dressing was so so good . It was creamy rich and I want the recipe . My friend had a spinach dip with pita bread and that was delicious . For my entree I had the fish platter and my two sides with mashed potatoes . My entree also came with a set of hush puppies and wonderful jumbo shrimp . I'm a major fan of tartar sauce and this was the best so far . You can really taste when things are house made and fresh . I had to get a Togo box and two cups of extra tarter sauce. The sauce sides are small so that's why I ordered two . The only down side was parking , since located in uptown parking is really hard to find . Other than that it was awesome .
4	I love this place it's a weekly stop on my lunch rotation, the service is always fast and friendly. The food is always tasty and a great value.
5	Folks, GREAT NEWS! Nefelie's is BACK! I decided to come back just to gauge how our former favorite place was doing. Based on my last review 6 months ago, I wasn't sure what to expect. The owner, Denise, recognized me and even knew what my Yelp review said (and it wasn't great, ah hem). So she was nice enough to give us a sampling of their "new" gyro meat, which she said they make every day. For those not familiar with this delectable dish, gyro is a traditional 50/50 Lamb/Beef mixture, with fresh herbs and spices. And the little sample that Denise gave us was delicious.So all 3 of us ordered some dish with the Gyros in it, and it was OUTSTANDING! The flavors were fantastic, and my Pita Pialto dish was basically a Gyro platter, as I ordered the rice with gravy and the roasted potatoes. My GOD their potatoes (and fries) are OUTSTANDING! Perfectly roasted and seasoned, with a crispy outside and pillowy soft inside. Doesn't get much better than these little bits of potato heaven!Both my colleagues loved their gyro dishes as well.My only "complaint" is that I'd love to have more Gyro meat on my plate. But as Denise reminded me, Lamb is VERY expensive. I get that. Maybe they should offer 2 portion sizes and charge accordingly? I'd gladly pay a few more $$$ for some more of that delicious Gyro meat! Something to consider. But having eaten here many times in the past, the portions of their other foods (burgers, chicken, beef tips, etc.) are usually very good. No matter what dish you order, you will NOT leave here hungry!I'm SOOOOOOOOOOO happy that Nefelie's is back. I need to come back to try their Greek Lemon Chicken! See you soon Denise!
1	Hair in my food. Do I need to say more?
