1	Terrible customer service. It starts off with a seedy google voice account as the phone number. From my experience most ppl who use google voice do not have a credible business or are trying to hide something by screening calls first. I still give them a shot. I call and of course no answer. I leave a message and 2 minutes later I get a call back. Yep I was right, screening calls. Must be dodging bill collectors. Who knows... I then proceed to ask questions in regards to training. His only answer was. "Have you been to my site". I'm sorry, I called to feel out, your personality and ask specific questions. Not be referred to a site you did not even create and that has cut and paste info. I highly recommend to stay away from this trainer. There are many more in the Phoenix area that will assure your dog is in good hands. This shady company isn't one of them. -poor customer service-shady business practices-rude
5	I rescued Maggie from a very neglectful situation and when I got her home I didn't realize the amount of trauma she had.  She was anxious and afraid of everything and everyone.  I didn't think she would ever be "normal".  Jimi not only helped me with her commands but he also fixed her fear issues.  Thank you for everything!!!
5	I highly recommend The Dog Guru.  Not only did we see immediate results in our dog with simple "make sense" tutorials for us, he also happened to have a dog he was training for someone else with him that we were able to watch after our session.  It had me and my whole family in awe, and telling people about it this whole week!  Amazing!We have been working with our dog the last few days since the session and I am happy to report amazing results.  I noticed a bad review that mentioned his website and timeliness?...and I would only say that a website doesn't train your dog and the information was helpful.  I am not sure what Miracle others might be looking for, but he was100% in tune with our dog and our family while he was with us and loved what he does.  I look forward to seeing him again when our dog has mastered our new skills.  Thanks Jimi!!
5	Jimi is the best dog trainer I have ever known.  He trained my dog Cimba to be obedient and well-behaved.  She was an absolutely terrible rescue puppy/dog before I found Jimi.  She had seen other trainers who were not able to turn her into a "decent" dog.  Once she reached eight months, it was either take her to the best trainer or be left living with an uncivilized beast.  I had reached wits end when through word of mouth someone I barely knew told me they had a friend who knew of Jimi's training services.  I turned Cimba over to Jimi for an undetermined amount of time until Jimi converted Cimba into a disciplined and well-mannered service dog.   She came home perfectly well-behaved and very obedient.  There is no way I could have lived with the old Cimba.  Now, when I travel with her on the plane, I always get compliments from the passengers along with the flight attendants on how she is the best behaved service dog that they have seen.  I am happy to travel with Cimba and to receive so many compliments about how well-behaved she is.  She is on her best behavior when we go to restaurants, visit stores and other public places.  I feel so lucky that I was able to have the best trainer for my dog Cimba.   I am proud of my dog and how Jimi turned Cimba from a terror to the best-behaved dog around!!  I love you Jimi!!
