5	Excellent cake - Design AND Taste!I emailed Rondi with an idea of what I wanted for my daughter's 3rd Birthday Minnie Mouse themed cake. She had great ideas and drew up a draft of what she thought would look best from the ideas I gave her. The cake turned out perfect! It looked so amazing, and all the mothers at the birthday party were impressed! Not only did it look fantastic, it tasted soo good too! The top layer was a carrot cake and the bottom layer was a rainbow layered cake which was so bright and colorful, the kids loved it. The cake was super moist and not dried out with the perfect amount of filling/frosting. I have ordered custom cakes for my daughter's 1st and 2nd birthdays but decided to go with a different baker this time around and so glad I did. I will be using Rondi for all of my daughter's future birthday cakes. Rondi provided quick response times to all of my emails and pickup was a breeze!
5	We found her on Google, and we loved her. Not only was the cake exactly what we envisioned, it tasted as amazing as it looked. We will always get our future cakes here.She sat down with us and sketched out a design for us that was exactly what we got. We had the inside of the cake matched the colors on the outside, and it came out just the way we asked. With the strawberry filing, it was the best tasting cake we have ever tried. Anyone looking for a custom made cake, look no further. Desserts by Rondi is simply the best!
5	I looked around and heavily researched ordering a cake for 40 people for a close friend's b-day party. After calling/e-mailing & dropping by 10-15 bakeries & cake places, I finally found Rondi. She was extremely professional, easily responsive & accommodating in all my requirements; even adding cake for 10 additional people 1 wk prior to picking up the cake
5	Second year purchasing an amazing cake from desserts by rondi.... truly the most artistic and tasty cakes ive ever had. Rondi is very detail oriented and understands how to make customers happy by making it happen. Happy customer... Kimberly Cramer, Mesa az
