4	What I love about traveling is going to all the different eateries there, which we don't have in Hawaii. My first breakfast stop was the Village Inn. We had many of these in Nebraska where I attended college, but never really took advantage of a good breakfast place. See here in Hawaii we have 2 places in Mililani where I live, Zippys, and the Mililani Golf Course. Each has their own specialties, however, nothing like a big breakfast to get you going and out of the jet-lag feeling.This Village was right next to our hotel. We walked up, and was seated right away. My dad ordered a 3 meat skillet, which had sausage, bacon and ham along with 2 eggs, over some homestyle potatoes, and 3 fluffy pancakes on the side. My mom ordered the french toast-and just ate eggs from my dad's plate. I ordered the Country skillet which had loads of potatoes, covered with country sausage and gravy, then smothered with scrambled eggs, and a side of 3 pancakes (see picture below). Wow! What a way to start of the day. Besides Dennys (we have 2 in Hawaii) there are not many places where you can get breakfast around the clock. Well Jack in the Box does it, but who wants fast food all the time?
2	I normally am a big fan of VI, they make them some good pie!  We got our pie to go that day, it was yummy, but that was the best part about it!We got there on a Sunday morning, and encountered a 15 minute wait, no biggie.  No biggie except we could see multiple empty tables, and multiple tables just sitting around with dirty dishes on them.  The one manager dude just kept walking past all the dirtiness like nothing was wrong.  We finally got a table and placed our order.  I got the ultimate skillet, it was overflowing with onions and peppers, I like onions and peppers, but I wanted to taste some other stuff in it too!  The cheese melted on the top had been heated for so long that it got all hard and crusty.  The bacon was crisp, but quite fatty.  The pancakes were okay, but the syrup was really weak.So moral of the story, go to VI for pie to go....period.
3	Went there on a rainy night with the 4 year old out of desperation. What a pleasant surprise! Nothing fancy, a lot like Denny's, but the waitress was so nice and knew how to handle young children. The food was decent. The 4 year old slurped down the chicken noodle soup BEFORE the French fries. Dad said the chicken fried steak was as good as any that he had in Texas. The pumpkin pie was yummy, and it was free!
2	Quicky breakfast. really an upscale denny's. Not spectacular but not awful either. Yeah they have pie.
4	Good food. Fast service
5	Only three stars?  That's odd--their VIB (Very Important Breakfast) boasts a four item meal for $6.99 that's really hard to beat in my mind considering how good the french toast is here.  All of our meals here were fantastic today, with really friendly service.  This place blows Denny's out of the water in terms of overall quality.The only drawback is that you can't repeat any breakfast items on the VIB--they all gotta be different.  Small price to pay--literally.
