5	J'adore le Bateau-Mouche... I did the 90 minute late morning tour of the St. Laurent river.  With my student discount it was about $25.The upper level was full when I arrived, so I went to the enclosed lower level.  The view was just as good as the windows wrapped all the way around and there was minimal obstruction.  The majority of the tables on the lower level were empty, so it was quiet and I didn't feel bad about taking up a whole table all by myself.  The girl narrating the tour was friendly in a non-obnoxious way, and told some interesting facts and stories (in both English and Francais) about the area as we cruised by.  You could order lunch on this tour... I settled for a margarita and some chips.  Hey,  I was on vacation!  In fact, that's one of my many favorite memories of my trip - chilling on the boat, margarita in one hand, camera in the other hand.It was a very relaxing way to spend 90 minutes seeing Montreal from afar... great views of the city!  Tons of great photo ops!Great for all ages.  There were little kids, their parents, some baby-boomers, myself (24), and some seniors as well.  Everyone was just chilling...If you are in Montreal, you must do this!  I absolutely loved it!
4	I booked half the boat for a large group. Tickets were easy to book in advance, and we were able to book either the whole rooftop outside deck with ample notice, or half the group inside and half outside. Depending on the weather, the upper deck may be wonderfully sunny with little shady areas or a bit too cool with the wind. Food and drink service is offered, but a bit too expensive for my tastes.  The guided tour of the water is a perfect afternoon activity to learn more about Habitat 67, Montreal history and offered in french and english.  HIghly recommended if the weather is nice and you've got an afternoon to spend in the lovely parts of Old Montreal.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed our 90-minute cruise around the Port of Montreal, Ile Ste Helene and the St. Lawrence Seaway aboard Le Bateau-Mouche.Opt for the 90 minute cruise, its only costs a little more than the 60 minute cruise, and it's more of a relaxed pace. Two reg. tix plus taxes was 61 canadian (as of 6/2010)Word of warning, sitting on the the top deck is very warm and you can get very sunburned ( I speak from experience) Though I was sitting under the shaded glass ceiling on the end of the boat it wasn't enough to shielded from the mid-day rays.  Wear sunscreen.  Luckily I was able to order drinks to keep cool.Lots of great photo ops of the port, the ships, the islands, bridges and more.  Definitely a great way to gain perspective of the city and a relaxing ride to boot.  Only once was the ride choppy and it was because we crossed over into the rough currents of the seaway.  This trip is perfect for any age and size of groups.  very enjoyable and the small size compared to the AML company makes this a more intimate feeling and close-up cruise.  Tickets were very easy to buy at the port an hour before cruising.  Great selection of Food courts at the Museum of Science if you want to eat a bit before cruising or want and ice cream afterwards.
4	My in-laws came up to Montreal for a week, and we were looking for things to do, and stumbled upon this cruise when strolling through the old port.  They offer 60 and 90 minute rides.  I asked about the difference, and the 60 minute cruise goes the same locations as the 90 minute cruise, but the 90 minute cruise is simply a slower pace and is offered around lunch time, suggesting you should take this cruise if you were interested in eating lunch.  The 60 minute cruise was $24, and the 90 minute was $28 per person.The boat ride is very smooth, and the tour guide really does a good job keeping the tourists engaged.  Drinks are expensive, we ran up almost a $100 tab in an hour, with only taking 2 alcoholic drinks each for 4 people and an order of chips.They also offer a day cruise to Quebec City, with overnight stay in Quebec City and cruise back the next day.  I plan on giving this one a shot.
3	Very nice and informative tour! Take the 12:30pm tour if you can as that lasts longer than one of the morning tours. narration in both english and french and gives you a nice background history of the water front are and Montreal in general. There is one thing you must be aware of and this is what prevented me from giving them 5 stars....the online ticket purchase process.....its ridiculously stupid!!!!!I ordered tickets 3 days before we were going to be in Montreal and 4 days before the tour. I paid for it online and they immediately took my money but I could not print out a ticket! I was informed that I they would do everything possible to send it to me within 30 days unless I had booked within 72 hours in which case they would do their best to email them to me????? What???? very stupid system. when we got to Montreal I received my email tickets the night before and had no way of printing them!!! I ended up having to find then go to a best buy and purchase a printer (which we will travel with from now on) in order to print out tickets that I had paid for 4 days earlier and without which I would not be allowed on the tour!!!! I dropped a star off of my review just recounting the story. It is a wonderful tour, both Sharon and I both loved it but lesson learned.
1	We booked reservations on Le Bateau Mouche with the expectation that we would "tour" Montreal have a lovely dinner, etc.  Well, I learned nothing of Montreal as it wasn't really a tour.The dinner was horrible from beginning to end.  Fried cheese was served cold and soggy, the salad had soggy croutons and a piece of bread with melted gouda that was cold, and the main course...well...awful!  The temperature on the boat was extremely hot and uncomfortable.I had been looking forward to the cruise for over a month and was completely disappointed with how lacking the entire event was.  I couldn't wait to get off the boat...and when I did, we ran to the nearest restaurant because we were starving!Don't waste your money on this!
3	This is one of the few things I've ever done in my life that have made me think, "That was okay." It wasn't brilliant, it wasn't awful, It was completely mediocre from beginning to end, which was, well, okay by me. I have nearly no feelings about it, besides the fact that it was fun to spend time with my husband and good friend who was in from out of town.They offer a 90 minute cruise at lunch time (12:30) and hour long cruises a few times a day. We went on the 4pm tour. The thing about the tour is that there aren't that many interesting things to see of Montreal from the water. So you don't learn that much, it's mainly just a pleasant thing to do on a sunny day. It's about enough time for a drink, and we had a couple of beers and a cocktail. They weren't insanely priced, but they weren't well priced either. The cruise was around $25 per person, and I think that combined with the drinks, it was a bit of an overspend. I think next time I take someone on a boat tour I may try one of the smaller and cheaper ones, because if the whole point is to glide around the water on a nice day, then you don't really need the whole tour guide experience with the bells and whistles.And if any potential business venturers are reading this, Montreal seems to have a serious dearth of good options for boat tours. There is definitely a market here.
