1	The owner/buyer Jack Weinstein is very condescending and will tell you that your jewelry is crap. Why would we bring our business to someone who thinks that they are better than everyone else? Don't think so. (I don't deal with people like that and expect to be treated better.) We ended up putting it on e-bay. Do not go here. Do not buy into those phony commercials. Jack Weinstein has delusions of grandeur.
5	Recently I went to the Galleria mall to find a special item for my daughter who just lost her boyfriend in a terrible car crash.After spending almost two hours we almost gave up.Our last stop was The tower of Jewels.We told them what we were looking for,a mizpah type of heart.They didn't have one,but the manager and the craftsman said they would custom make it out of a flat piece of silver.I don't have enough words to tell you what that did for my daughter's broken heart.The next day I picked up my daughter's custom made heart.I was floored when the craftsman showed me how he hand sawed out the heart from the piece of silver with his hands.This company has my business for life.With out getting into to much detail,my daughter has half of the heart and the other half is in a very special place. .God bless you Galleria tower of jewels,I will never forget what you were able to for my daughter.  Gary
5	I needed an engagement ring, and a trusted friend referred me to Mr. Weinstein at Tower of Jewels.  There aren't words enough to say how happy I am.  Mr. Weinstein was paged and upon hearing of the referral came out almost immediately.  He was not only gracious, but very flattered that my our mutual friend had referred another customer.  He proceeded to tell me 30 minutes of stories about our mutual friend.  Mr. Weinstein had me into his office, and for the next 2 hours went back and forth to his personal safe showing me a variety of diamonds.  When I selected one, I provided him an image of what I wanted the setting to look like, and in 4 days he called saying it was ready to pick up.  7 months later, my now fiance and I went back in to select our wedding bands.  Mr. Weinstein not only remembered the ring he made, but also remembered our meeting.  Because he custom made the engagement ring, the wedding band also needed to be custom made--and it was done in 4 days.  Both rings are amazing, and my only wish would be to write a review worthy of Mr. Weinstein's kindness and skills.  Thank you to you sir, and to Tower of Jewels!
1	I have had a few problems with the customer service at Tower of Jewels.The worst incident occurred when I took my engagement ring in for a repair.  One of the tiny stones had fallen out and it needed to be replaced.  I was told I would need to leave my ring behind for them to give me a price estimate and do the work.  Fine.Later in the day, I was called back by the female sales associate.  She told me that they would be replacing the stone and wanted to double-check that they had the right work order for my ring.  It was kinda odd - I mean, it was clear what the issue with the ring was (gaping hole and all) - but I went with it.When I returned to pick up my ring, it was still missing the stone!  The only difference was that it was super, super shiny.  The sales associate told me that they had given my ring a rhodium dip, just like I had asked.  Come again??!  I was dumbfounded.  I just wanted a stone replaced... nothing more, nothing less.  When I told the sales associate she said, and I quote, "oh no, you definitely just said a rhodium dip.  So you have to pay for it".  At that point, I had NO CLUE what a rhodium dip was.  How could I ask for that if I had never heard of it?After arguing for a few minutes, she told me she had to get on the phone with the "big manager" to void the transaction and let me leave with the ring.  The phone call took forever, and when she told me she wasn't going to ask me to pay for the dip, she looked at me with disgust and let me know that she had "done me a favor" by "getting me off the hook without paying."  Never mind that my ring STILL wasn't fixed...Wow, wow, wow.  It was almost like an episode of Seinfeld.  I can't imagine buying something expensive from this place - I'm glad I was just going in for a repair!
5	I, along with many family members have WAY too much gold jewelry, and each piece is a remembrance of something. I am getting married 12-12-12 and didn't want to buy another expensive rock that I didnt need. So, I collected about 60 grams of sentimental but cluttering jewelry and headed out on my adventure to find the right jeweler to make an impressive engagement ring out of gold and stones that had a story to each. After visiting about 4 jewelers, I came to the Tower of Jewels. I walked in in sweatpants, no makeup (basically looked like I was looking to pawn) I decided that if I could find a jeweler that would not blow me off based on looks....then he was the guy for me. A sales lady quickly came out of the back room, and showed me around. I was the only customer in the store, looking slovenly and carrying a huge bag, of gold, so I assume the guard overlooking everything was just procedure. She then tactfully had me show her and another sales associate  my "goods". The minute they knew I was legit, they introduced me to Lenny.....Like I, Lenny is a character, but DOES give you the best price on gold. He even will take your large stones out for free (they pay a guy $65 an hour over there to do it, so it IS a courtesy)After I spoke to Lenny, he introduced me to Barry the designer. Barry took 9 stones that were very important to me, and made exactly what I envisioned for my wedding ring. Unfortunately, you do have to buy the gold at retail price  which cost me about $1,000 (I have a fat finger) to have it made, but the ring appraises and means so much more to me than "store bought" . After my ring was made, Barry called me and let me know that he didnt use as much gold as he thought he would and gave me a $200 credit. I was amazed he was SO honest. I HIGHLY recommend the Tower of Jewels.
4	It is with great pleasure that I write this review.  My husband and I had a men's ring with a diamond set in it.  We had gone to a few different stores before coming into Tower of Jewels recommended by a professor of my husband's at UNLV.  The min. we walked in we were greeted.  When we told the sales person what we wanted to do, he took us into Mr.Jack Weinstein office.  Mr. Weinstein took the time to share with us what type of ring/diamond we had.  Gave us a very fair price (better than we had been offered before).  At that time we talked to him about adding a few more small diamonds to my wedding ring.  Again, very fair price, we did not feel rushed by anyone there, I got my ring back at the end of the week.  It is beautiful!  and just what I wanted.  We were very pleased with our visit and would go back, also told everyone where I worked how happy I was and when they saw my ring!  Thank you again Mr. Weinstein!
5	Having been a customer of Tower of Jewels for about 35 years or more I was Yelping and decided to take a look at what people say about the business.  I was shocked at the love/hate Yelps.  This business is probably the most reputable business of ANY kind in this city and owned and operated by its owner, Jack Weinstein....who takes the utmost pride in his and his employees work and customer service. He and his business are part of the history of our city.  Who's Who of past and present are his clientele but treats even small potatoes like me like we are special.  Through the years I can not even begin to tell you the wonderful things I know personally of that this man has done for people and the community.  And to those who say bad things about how they were treated....I think you might want to look in the mirror.  Usually people get treated like they treat others but in the case of Tower of Jewel employees that is not the case.  Mr Weinstein insists on and gets the best attitudes from his employees...they may not kiss your behind but you will get good, quality service no matter what demeanor you display.As for the security guard....how great is that to have someone their to look after your safety while shopping for valuable items or bring them in for repairs.  As for shopping center jewelers...I am not bad mouthing them.  They have their niche.  But for a quality, long term relationship with a jeweler....choose Tower of Jewels for your family and stick with them.  You will not be sorry.  It is not too late, start now.  Take your items in to be cleaned and checked....have a battery put in your watch...start small....I think you will be more that pleased that you did....tell them I told you to come in for that service....my name is Connie....they just Rodium plated a junk jewelry pendant my husband bought me a long time ago when we had no money for the real thing....it looks like million bucks!  And they treat us like a million bucks too.
1	This has been one of the worst customer service interactions I've ever been through. The sales staff is great, but when you call on the phone...Look out it a hole different ballgame.I would never send anyone your way..Horrible, Horrible serivce...
1	Worst customer service ever! Inept and unfriendly staff made me feel like they thought I was planning on robbing the place. I needed a rush engraving and also was looking for a gift for my niece. I had to interact with two  "sales guys" and both were indifferent, extremely unhelpful and the last man was downright nasty. I will never go there again I'll inform my staff, family, friends and anyone who is jewelry searching to avoid this place like the plague.Why is that location still open I wonder. Hope it shuts down soon, Vegas has enough rude overbearing folks to deal with.
5	We make it a point to stop in Tower of Jewels every time we visit Las Vegas.  We have purchased many items here and receive excellent service and follow-up care on watches and courtesy cleanings.  They do an excellent job, are professional and super helpful.  Nancy in Sales and Jack Weinstein receive us personally each time we stop there and we couldn't be happier with our purchases and service.  Recommend them highly!!!!!
1	i was convinced that this was my "go to place" for my diamond needs. little did i know they took advantage of me when i was in. they knew i had conducted business there in the past and i was upgrading my pinky ring, they took in my pinky ring valued (which i paid $1400 for) charged me another $1500 for a ring that is only .60 of a carrot!!!! i did not know too much about diamonds etc. and barry and jacks son(the owner) took full advantage of me!! boy, do i feel stupid paying close to $3000 for 0.60 of a carrot!! this place is a rip off!! terrible!! do not trust these guys!! please look elsewhere!! we were just about to purchase more rings ( wedding rings ) and again,,,... they tried over charging us!!! i will stop sending guests there and please do yourself a favor and shop elsewhere!! this is not the business i would recommend to anyone. !!stay away!! -jeffrey frischmann
5	My husband as been a customer for years and we go to get our jewelry repaired and shined and they are always so friendly and offer great customer service. They aren't pushy or snotty and they always remember us. I appreciate the security guard who will walk me to my car as the neighborhood is not what it used to be. That kind of service is hard to come by.
1	I hate to even give this place 1 star. Awful experience, terrible selection, then with your purchase they "gift" you with counterfeit merchandise. I will not return.
5	Great people, great prices, great product. Very pleased with the Valentines Day help from this location. They were able to get what I wanted with little notice to make my V-day absolutely perfect. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
5	Most people will take the time to come online to write a review because they had one of two experiences:appalled or impressed. While my first experience with ToJ left me totally impressed, I thought my impression would potentially change with an experience that followed. However, I am still impressed with the quality of customer service that I received. Originally, I was introduced to ToJ through a girlfriend who lives in Vegas. I live in Canada and after being basically nudged out of multiple jewelery stores because my fiance and I wanted some unique and not a standard white diamond ring I was introduce to Jack at ToJ. I was told through my girlfriend that I would find anything I wanted at ToJ and that was the truth. I was so impressed. We found the perfect black diamond ring, and without any mistakes it was shipped to me in Canada. We then ordered wedding bands (over the phone with Jack) because we knew we only wanted to get them from ToJ. After a few months, to my total surprise, diamonds began falling out of the band. Jack stood clear though that there was a life time warranty and to "send it back and he would have it fixed immediately." While I was ok with this the first time, and even the second time. I was pissed when it happened a third time. I called Jack and told him to stop fixing it. He was genuinely sincere and told me he would do whatever I wanted (refund us the money, choose a new ring, or remake the current one). In the end, I chose a new ring that he could put my original stone into. While this had potential to be a mess, it was absolutely not! My new ring is perfect. It is a much better setting and safer for the stones. Shit happens, but when the customer service is as it was, it is easy to continue being impressed. We have no regrets buying our rings there and will for sure go back to buy from him in the future!
5	We have been going to the Tower of jewels for a couple of years now and all of the staff has been very helpful and we always feel like we've gotten a great deal and it always helps that I am a salesman myself so I can beat up the salesperson a little bit lol but all around my wife absolutely loves earrings necklaces and rings we purchased through the tower of jewels and they send us thank you cards and greetings cards around the holidays with coupons which is always nice thanks tower of jewels keep up the good work
5	Jack at Tower of Jewels is the most down to earth person in the diamond business we have ever met. He treated us like we where someone special. He took us in his office, showed us were they cut the diamonds. He said, "I want you to be pleased with what you buy and I don't care how much you spend." "We are here for you." So we bought a diamond anniversary ring and are very pleased. The price was a great value.Everybody we show this ring to likes the design, because it is the only one like it. Tower of Jewels rings are not mass produced, they are one of a kind rings and special cut diamonds.Thank you Jack and we will be back.
5	Always top notch service! Joey has always designed such what I've imagined! And the quality of the jewelry is the best, I'm rough on my jewelry and nothing ever breaks!
