5	I'm very pleased with Scott Auto Body. They're a VW Certified Collision repair shop & I felt very comfortable handing over my Jetta for them to repair some body damage.The rep (who works at Keffer VW) was very nice & patient in explaining the estimate & the process. A highlight was them coming to Keffer with a rollback to pick up my car & bringing it back when my car was ready. A rep from Scott Auto Body kept me updated every day throughout the process. The time it took to repair my car was very reasonable (3 days) & I was happy that they were using genuine VW parts & VW certified technicians.My car looks perfect! It looks as if nothing ever happened.  They washed it & detailed it inside. Looks brand new! I will definitely use them again, if I need to.
5	I have on two occasions used Scott Auto Body on my previous vehicle, Dora the (Ford) Explorer.  They are located about 200 yards from my office, so they were convenient to me.  (on Tyvola right at the I-77 exits)The first time I used Scott Auto Body, I heard a loud POP and watched as my passenger window sunk slowly into the door.  Dammit.  I swung by Scott to find out what the problem was and what it would cost to fix it.  I couldn't afford the fix that day, so for $40 they put the window up for me so I wouldn't drown or have my crappy radio stolen until I could come up with the scratch to get it fixed.  When I returned to Scott to have it repaired, they gave me a $40 credit and got the window going up and down again, as designed. The second time was not a happy occasion.  Thanks to the overbuilding of Charlotte, the wildlife have nowhere to safely travel and a deer darted out in front of my vehicle.  I did everything I could to not put the crunch on Bambi, but in bumper-to-bumper traffic, I had no where to go and ran into her, damaging the right hand side of the truck (she stumbled away, I called animal control sobbing and snorting and told them where she was).  THAT was not a good night.  But I called my insurance company (still sobbing and snorting) and they suggested Scott Auto Body.  Perfect, as again, they are right down the street from the office.  They did a fantastic job repairing the damage to the front, and also replaced the hatchback at my cost (that appears to be an Explorer defect, I have seen the same thing on several Explorers).  They were done earlier than I was told they would be and you could not tell inside or out that I had been in an accident (except for my emotional scars).  The front office staff were very friendly and helpful and made my insurance paperwork and payment process as painless as possible.  Great repair shop!
5	My insurance company suggested Scott Auto Body when I had a little fender-bender.  Everyone I spoke wit there, especially Nick, were beyond helpful and pleasant to deal with.  They were very fast with the repairs and kept me updated throughout the process.  I know good car repair shops are hard to find and I would suggest them to anyone I knew.
5	Scott Auto body went above and beyond repairing my 08 audi a4. I was given Truly outstanding service and now my car looks even newer than before. Wow! I couldn't thank them enough for the work they did. They'll always get my business, from here on out.  As i arrived i was graciously welcomed by the lavish fleet of cars that they had been working on. Lamborghini, Ferrari, and Bentley are a just a few names to paint a picture.  At this point i knew i picked the right place
