4	Yes! finally I got to try Chicken Bonz. And it was close to my house. Recently opened (within the past week), I came home from work to find a menu and coupon for a free order of sweet potato tots under my door. That definitely gets me in.I got take out. Free tots and 12 bone in wings. They have a bunch of flavors like different heat level buffalo sauces and some new flavors like sweet chili garlic. I got Honey BBQ and Oriental sesame. These wings were great for bone in. Tons of meat on the bone, crispy, and both flavors were great. The tots were crispy and good. I want to go back and try their all you can eat wing deal. They also have boneless wings and burgers on the menu. http://www.chickenbonz.com/menu.html They also have free wi-fi. They are right across the street from a Buffalo Wild Wings but I hope they do good.
5	I've been a huge fan of the Chicken Bonz on Decatur/215,  so I decided to give their new location a try and I'm proud to say it is AMAZING!  First off, the food is off-the-hook good!  Their "Bonz" (wings) and "Bonzless" (fingers/strips) are easily the biggest you've ever seen and the tastiest you'll ever have.  Combine that with their multitude of sauces, and you're in for quite an experience!  My personal favorite is their Honey BBQ, but if you're a heat junkie, their Damn Mistake will have you crying tears of joy.  As stated previously, they have AYCE Bonz everyday for $12.95 and AYCE Bonzless on Tuesdays for the same price.  New to the menu - and definitely worth noting - are their Chicken Sliders.  Super tasty on hawaiian rolls.  For the more health-conscious, they have a great salad bar as well.While the food is fantastic, the owners and staff really make the place feel like a great neighborhood restaurant.  Both friendly and attentive, they make you feel like you're always welcome.  They also added more TVs, so watching your favorite game is even more enjoyable.  If you haven't ventured to Chicken Bonz yet, give it a try... It will quickly turn into one of your favorites!
3	We popped in for dinner and were very happy with the customer service. The girl taking our order was very pleasant and had a great demeanor and our waitress was really on top of things as well.Food wise we think it's OK but nothing spectacular. The wings really reminded me of Hooters' wings in size, texture of breading and flavor, I had the "hot". The wife enjoyed the salad bar and added grilled chicken breasts which were extremely bland and had no seasoning.$1 for a 12oz beer ain't too shabby and the service was great. Will we be back? Possibly, but at least we now know what to expect going in... Decent wings, cheap beer and good service.
5	Bomb chicken wings!!!
4	Ya gotta love Chicken Bonz.  Now I say this because for the first time in a long time a place has provided me with a great wing experience.... Not just once but on several occasions.  Chicken Bonz has some of the best wings I've had in a while and they are crispy, large wings that don't disappoint.When you walk in there is a huge menu board that you order from at the front counter.  The girl I ordered from was very nice and energetic (I wish I remembered her name, sorry).  And she also served us or food.  The ambiance of the place is laid back and almost feels like a college bar esk type of place.  We got the wings and they were at a good temp, large and crispy (just the way I like them).  Oh and the sweet potatoe tots are AWESOME!!!!! They make a mean sweet tea and the TV's were on ESPN.  So all in all it was a great experience...  So if you have one by you or your craving some seriously good wings look the place up!
5	I used to be, for a very long time, a huge fan of Buffalo Wild Wings and would go there at least once or twice a week! But when a group of friends and I decided to grab lunch there, I immediately lost interest in BWW's!The atmosphere is a fun, bar-like style with four or five flat screens covering the walls and a "big ass fan."Now for the most important part--the food. Obviously chicken wings,(Bonz), are their specialty as well as chicken tenders, (Bonzless). The chicken is freakin delicious! It's got to be some of the best chicken for a place of it's kind in Vegas. They have twelve different sauces ranging from Lemon Pepper to Damn Mistake, which you can have as a dipping sauce or have your chicken tossed in it. If you aren't a fan of chicken, or simply not in the mood for it, Chicken Bonz also offers really unique burgers served on Texas Toast! Another popular choice is the salad bar, for those of you who don't like tasty animals.... The prices are very reasonable. A 5 piece bonz or bonzless combo, with fries and a drink, is $7.95, a burger with fries and a drink is $6.95-8.95, depending on the size, and the salad bar is $4.95 for one time through. Chicken Bonz is definitely a great place to have a bite to eat with your friends and enjoy some delicious food!
2	As someone from Buffalo, I had some high hopes for this place, as I am always looking to get good wings, plus I live around the corner from here so I was again hoping for the best. Now I have not been inside their yet, this review is for a catered lunch from my work by them. Ultimately my biggest problem was with the wings, the tenders were decent and so were some of the sauces, but the wings were not like chicken wings, they were breaded a bit which from containers they were catered in, made them soft. Truthfully, I would compare this chicken wing more to KFC than to Buffalo Wild Wings. They are big like Buffalo wings, and the chicken itself was fine quality, but the breading ruined them terribly considering them as chicken wings. Not sure if my work ordered them like that but it was definitely no good.Maybe I will walk in and try the place and see if they can up a star. $1 beers might do that :)
4	This place has the best chicken wings in town. They are so large that I can barely maintain my grasp without them falling out of my hand because of the weight. I have been to the location on Decatur twice and this one is equally fantastic. We ordered 37 wings, large fries, and 2 ranches which came out to about $45 dollars. However, because of their special that was announced on Yelp this week, I got 50% off my meal. The wings: we ordered 4 flavors and my favorite were lemon pepper and damn hot. The lemon pepper was exceptional and WAY better than Wing Stop's where it tastes a lot like oil with a hint of lemon. This lemon pepper really has a zing from the lemon and is as refreshing and light as a deep fried chicken wing could be. The damn hot was a solid spicy buffalo sauce and really isn't that hot. The fries were thin and delicious while the ranch made an excellent side-kick for the wings. My only qualm is that it is definitely pricey (without promotions) and that my two orders of wings (25+12) didn't come with ranch. I will definitely come back to this location when the wing craving hits.
5	I luv the wings @ chicken bonz and the services are over the top.  Taylor was great and suggested the teri-q sauce to me.  I'm a total fan now!
5	I got to give this place props.  They have great wings and all you can eat, plus dollar beers.  There salad bar is great and always fresh.I love there damn mistake sauce and then if you can't handle it for a dollar you can get the antidote.  But that's for little girlsIf you like a nice atmosphere great food cheap beer give this place a shotOn a side note tailor always takes great care of me and my friends.  She makes sure me beer glass is always full.  You have to love that.  She is great ask for her is you want great service at a fast food restaurant
4	I wouldn't want to mess with the chickens that these wings came from. They're gigantic. It's like they did a few leg presses before they met the butcher.Thanks to my handy Yelp app, I was able to get a "buy one get one free" combo just by checking in for the first time. Pretty slick. Came up to around $10 total for two 8 piece combos. You're able to choose from a variety of wet or dry sauces for your wings. We went with the following:-Garlic Parmesean: Fried to perfection, with a delightful crisp. Not too greasy either. Goes awesomely with the bleu cheese.-Teriyaki: Pretty much what you'd expect from the name. Standard teriyaki wing sauce. If this is your thing, it's not bad. I'm not the biggest fan of dousing my wings with teriyaki.-Sesame: Loved the sweet glaze on these wings. Adds a unique twist. Good choice if you're not a fan of dipping the wings in ranch or bleu cheese, since these wings are great on their own.The skinny fries that these combos came with were also a pretty nice complement to the wings. Dipping them into the bleu cheese was fatteningly satisfying enough to fulfill any of my manly instincts. Plus, with the walls surrounded by gigantic TVs on every corner, it's a great place to check out a game. Note: One thing that stood out to me were the All You Can Eat Wings for $12.95, which I'm definitely going to take advantage of on the next visit. Get this deal while a game is going on and you're good to go.
2	My girlfriend and I were in the neighborhood looking for something to eat and saw Chicken Bonz and thought we'd check it out. First off the staff was very friendly and welcoming and since it was our first time explained all our options for us.  My girlfriend got a six piece "bonz" (wings) combo and I got the 5 piece "bonzless" (chicken strips) combo.My strips were pretty bland and I tried the wings but I felt like I could get better out of a frozen dinner.Not worth the money when there's a Buffalo Wild Wings across the street.
4	Love Chicken Bonz when in the mood for good wings.  This place is directly across the street from another chain (BWW), and I haven't been in the other since they opened.  Simply a better product.  Good wings and $1 drafts of Blue Moon?  Good 'nuf for me!
3	Came here for the BOGO when you check in with the Yelp app, if it wasn't for that then I would be quite disappointed. 6 wings, some fries and a drink for a price of $7.99, ouchie! Not that bad when you get 12 wings, a lot of fries, and two drinks for $7.99. Went with the flavors that I usually order from Wing Stop which were lemon pepper and honey BBQ, not bad, but not going to pull me away from Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings anytime soon. I did notice that the wings were slightly bigger.Parking and service was as good as it gets for a chicken wing joint. Anyways come back if the BOGO is available, but if not tread water carefully.
4	The food is tasty and fresh. Taylor is the best server!! She's bright, friendly, and she kept the table clean for our table of 11! Great personality too. We'll be back!
4	My brother and I tried this for the first time a few weeks ago and it was love at first bite. Since we wanted to try as many flavors as possible, we went for the all-you-can-eat special for $13 each. As noted in other reviews, the wings were FANTASTIC and ENORMOUS! I have never seen such massive wings in my entire life. My favorite flavors were the Teriyaki, hot and sweet chili - simply irresistible. Service was really good too, but possibly because it wasn't very packed on a Friday night. My only complaint is the size of the first basket you are served with the all-you-can-eat special. There were literally 10-15 gigantic wings in this first basket. Given the size of the wings, it was extremely tough to get through this basket in order to make a pass at all the other flavors I wanted to try - sort of defeating the purpose of all-you-can-eat, in my opinion. To add on, each additional basket has at least 6-7 massive wings which further limits the ability to try all the flavors you want. Maybe that's their intention so you have to come back again to try the other flavors? Seems totally unnecessary to me. This is a great product, so no need to pull any tactics to reel potentially repeat customers in.Anyway, I have wanted to go back again for the all-you-can-eat special but I'm not sure if I can stomach the massive first basket again - no matter how ridiculously tasty they are.
5	All you can eat for $12.95? You can't beat that.  You walk in and you're immediately greeted by the person at the counter.  The wings are large and very fulfilling.  All you can eat might even be too much. If you don't wanna miss the big game, you can rest assured, it'll be on one of the many tvs.  The service there is outstanding.  A group of my friends and I all ordered all-you-can-eat wings, and when we inevitably couldn't finish the rest, they let us take them home. Score! I never understood why a restaurant wouldn't allow you to take home your leftovers. They're gonna be thrown away anyway! Needless to say, I will be frequenting this place for years to come.
3	If you love fried chicken & chicken wings, you'll enjoy this place! I decided to check this place out when I had a craving for some chicken wings and honestly BWW just doesn't do it for me. Ironically, this location was across the street from BWW so thought eh what the heck, I'll try it. Once we arrived it was dead! However, that didn't discourage me from trying this place. Looking at the menu, the AYCE is the best deal. At first, I was a little confused on how the process worked since the hostess/cashier/waitress really didn't explain it. But in the end I was ok with it. After an hour, then service picked up.So enough with the fluff, let's get down to business. These little suckers are huge! Seriously the first basket with 10 pieces will get you full. Make sure to split the order with 2 flavors so you can sample at least 2 different sauces. After the first basket, each basket comes with 5. And nothing says awesome like $1 PBR to wash down the wings. For a minute there, I felt like I was a competitive eater as I raced to beat the 12-yr old kid that kept eating wings. Unfortunately I paid for it after 30 some wings.We seriously tried every flavor - sesame soy started off good but by the 3 wing, I need something to drink. It became salty and the sauce was thick. The Garlic Parm wasn't bad but honestly just tasted like fried chicken. I love sweet chili but they didn't put enough sauce on these suckers. Remember folks, if chicken is battered and deep fried, more sauce is needed than usual especially when the sauce is thin. The hot sauces were pretty similiar to Hooters. Overall, if you're a fan of Hooters, you'll enjoy this place. It's quieter, $1 beers and big screens to keep you entertained. Plus as Stephanie mentioned freshly brewed tea!
5	This place is awesome! Great food and cool staff, especially the cooks. Very cool guys. Ive ate there over 10 times and never had a complaint. The fries are my favorite thing. Beats mcdonalds fries hands down all day!
1	This would have been a 2-star review if it was solely based on the food. Unfortunately, the food was only part of the problem.I went here last weekend with a friend on his recommendation. Right after he ordered and sat down the girls behind the counter began snickering and making fun of him. They didn't realize I was with him until I rather angrily brought up that he was my friend, then they shut up. The food itself? Its mediocre as hell. I ordered the 6 wing and fries combo and what I got was wings that were barely sauced, overly breaded and that tasted almost metallic. The fries were straight out of the frozen food section at Sams Club and tasted like sticks of styrofoam. And after waiting nearly 20 minutes for WINGS and FRIES, the food was lukewarm. If you keep me waiting, the food had damn well better be hot when I get it.One more note: the server (I noticed) was avoiding us and the group that was seated  behind us (minorities), but was going out of her way to attend to the white frat boys on the patio every five minutes. Read into that what you will. I will NEVER go back to Chicken Bonz again.
3	Ok this place conflicts me so much...Me and the bf went here one night and I was conflicted if i liked the place or not lol, I ordered the bone in parmesan chicken wings with fries and a drink. I must say I love how big the chicken wings are and the way they fry them is delicious but i wasn't a fan of how they do the parmesan they just sprinkle it on so half of the wings were just plan because the parmesan wasn't sticking to it. I usually go to wing stop and i love the way the do there parmesan wings its more like a sauce rather then just throwing it on so if chicken bonz had wingstops parmesan sauce they would have been alot better. I'm not a fan of their fries either there thin and tasteless. I thought this place was ok and its a bit pricey I'm not sure if I would return here I might just stick with my wing stop and call it a day.
5	They refill the drinks, they pickup your empty baskets and the bonzless strips are pretty big! The five strip combo should be enough food for almost anyone. The WiFi sometimes works but is nice that they offer it. There are many large televisions showing sports, so that is good if you want to catch a game and some wings. Taylor is so excellent at this location. She's the reason I keep coming back!
3	Chicken wings? How can you say no! You just can't go wrong with chicken wings. Hi five to them for providing an awesome 20% check in discount. I just ordered a simple 5 piece bone in chicken parmesan deal. No combo. Total came to $4.95 after the discount. The chicken was awesome! A nice crisp outer crunch and a tender juicy center. How many bites does it take to get to the bone? I'll never know...The only downside was that the 2 offerings I was looking forward to wasn't delivered. They had free wifi, but I couldn't connect. $1 draft beer! I was so stoked, but alas, they were tapped out (no pun intended!) Figures. $1 beer was just too good to be true. Why offer $1 beer for people to look forward to and then be out of beer. Big sad face to that!Here's are a few offerings I noticed as well:75 cents extra for ranch or blue cheese (but that's a given I think any chicken wing joint charges for sauce)$12.95 for all you can eat chicken wings$7.50-$8.00 for a 5 piece chicken wing combo depending if it's bone in or outBurgers come with fries and are made with Texas toast for buns.Flat screens to watch that game you had just placed a bet for. I know that's a big plus for all you sports fans!It's a very hip little joint to go to if you want to grab a good bite to eat alone or with friends!
5	We are so happy to have this chicken wing place near us.  We have been wanting to try it since we saw it recently.  So we decided it would be a good place for a Sunday lunch (I know, it makes no sense.)The waitresses were super friendly, the service was quick.  I ordered the salad bar, it's limited choices and only allows one trip through but it's cheap.  The boy ordered 2 different types of wings, garlic parm and hot, as well as their sweet tater tots.  We weren't disappointed in anything.  The salad bar is limited but that's ok with me and the dressings were good.  I love wings that are "dry" and still moist and tasty.  The garlic parm wings were just that.  Tasty, moist and crispy.  The hot wings were hot, we are kind of crazy about spice, but not super hot.  They have two levels higher so I can imagine if you want to cry and sweat there is that opportunity, we'll try it next time.  The tater tots were really good and flavorful as well.  It was the day after st. patty's day, so I will give them a pass but there was no beer left at all.  That was too bad.  But all in all it was a great experience and we will be going back.  Love it!
4	Great service and food.
4	This is a very good little wings place. Be sure to order your wings tossed in the sauce, a weird west coast thing you need to ask for every time. Service is quite good, friendly, speedy. I see a few reviews where people are upset about charging for blue cheese and ranch. Suggestion would be to RTFM. Read the flipping menu. They charge for it, get over it or get a bottle of ranch at Glaziers across the street and keep it in your fridge. Probably the best wings I've had in the city so far.
5	Hot diggity...I LOVE the chicken wings here! I was a bit unsure about this place since it got so many bad reviews, but I walked in and was greeted by the girls behind the counter almost immediately... I'm thinking... "ok..no sign of mean attitude..yet?" Hrm..Still I had my guard up, and it took a while for me to pick what sauces and combo I wanted but the girls explained all the flavors and I choose: Hot, Sweet Chili and Honey BBQ.. no regrets! OoOh so good! Wings came out piping hot and so crispy but the meat was seasoned perfectly and juicy too *dROol*While I was there, I managed to strike a conversation with the server and I guess they have a new management so all of the girls are relatively new hires and really sweet. They must have gotten rid of that girl everyone's been complaining about, YIKES! I'm glad I gave this place a shot, hot wings, good service, and a low key place to hang out with friends over beer & sports WOoHOO! No more paying $$$$ for cold wings at LV happy hour joints!!
5	Awesome wing place! You really cannot beat all-you-can-eat wings with a drink for around $15!! Everyone was really friendly, we were checked on to make sure everything was ok AND our wing refills came out FAST! Check out the Asian sesame wings... Just awesome. The table next to us was having some chicken fingers and they looked juicy and almost as big as half a chicken breast...I will try them out next time. Oh and if you are in the mood for a beer, you can get a cold one for $1. Come check them out.
4	Good food.. Went on a Sunday for the game and was nice wasn't that busy which was good cause I could hear the game. My man ate over 35 wigs they have an all you can eat 12.95 well worth it
5	If you're looking for the best place for wings, look no further. With the friendly staff, great food, and incredible all-you-can-eat, Bonz has it all. Football, beer, and endless wings....need I say more?
5	Bomb ass place! Great food,  $1 draft beers kids eat free with adult combo plus 20% off with check-in how can you go wrong with this place?! Btw Jill is awesome!
4	Had never been here before. Bought a groupon, and now I am sorry I did not buy more. This place was really good. We ordered the Chicken bonzlelezz picnic basket. The Tenders were crunchy and perfectly seasoned. They have a good selection of sauces. My favorite was the sweet barbecue. The coleslaw was crunchy and tasty. Not all mayo. The beans were a huge hit. Not too crazy about the fries. I prefer crunchy fries. The young woman at the register was nice and helpful. A real sweet person. We had so many questions. Will be back again.
4	I think this might be one of the better wing places in the valley honestly.  The wings here are large and in charge, and I like that they don't over-batter them.  They always seem to come out crispy, and not drowned in sauce, which is a plus for me.  I don't care that they don't have like 20 flavors like BWs, because their sauces are tasty and they run the spice gamut.  Service is friendly, and fast, and I like that they have rolls of paper towels on the tables, and give you wet naps to clean up when you're done eating.  Also a big fan of their boneless "wings", which are gigantic.
4	I have to wholly recommend this place. It blows most wings you have tried in your life out of the water. The deal for endless wings is great ($12.99 all you can eat). The wings come breaded and fried, never cold or nasty-tasting.  They are very crispy and have a great texture. There are several sauces: regular wing sauce with varying degrees of spice and a few other ones (Honey BBQ, teriyaki, sweet chili garlic, sweet and sour, etc.). The regular wing sauces come with a nice buttermilk ranch as well, not the mayo-based sauce other places might serve. The wings are very big and meaty, not very tiny. They give you bigger portions in your first round and afterwards shrink it down. Not exactly what some may like, but it is all-you-can-eat  and it is less wasteful in case you overestimated your appetite. I have to also recommend the fries. They come very crispy and thin. These have to be among the best tasting fries I've had as well. They don't give you sauce for these fries, you have to get it over at the condiments counter but the side benefit is they also serve fry sauce and in case you want to dip it in ranch, there usually is enough left afterwards for dipping. There is a drink fountain (Coke-based) and a tea machine for those who would rather partake in that instead. Normally, the service for this place is decent; my only complaint is that sometimes the waiters can screw up the sauce you have, but bringing it up with them usually fixes the problem. I have to commend the employees (an older brunette and a young cook with a buzz cut) that worked yesterday. Although it was very busy and understaffed, they did not lose their cool and kept the service with a smile. I hope the managers do, however, at least adequately staff the place for the busier times. It's not fair to the customers, nor is it to them, who have to bear the grunt of it.
3	I so wanted to love this place. We are from San Diego and we are use to Dirty Birds which have TONS of sauce options. First I was thrown off because I don't like my wings breaded. However, the size of the wings were good and my husbands chicken fingers were HUGE. I wish they had more flavors.
2	We used to come here all the time for the great wings and equally great service. After a while,  the food started being not so good,  so we stopped going.Went back today after a long hiatus and I must say that I'm very disappointed in the service. My husband ordered the all you can eat wings, like he has many times before. It took forever for someone to even come back to our table and finally ask if we were ok. My husband had to ask for a refill (never had to do that before) and finally got more wings. The waitress then asked if he wanted her to put another order in and he said yes. Needless to say it was another long wait before he got his additional order of wings.This used to be one of out favorite places. Now, due to the shoddy service, I'm not sure we'll be back.
2	I like that there is a more local alternative to Buffalo Wild Wings, I'll always try to go local over a nationwide.  In this case however, I think I'll take BWW.  I have been here on a couple of occasions and have felt deflated after each attempt.  The batter is slightly soggy and the atmosphere is quite dank and vacant feeling, even with people there.  There's much better alternatives out there.
4	$1 beer and $12.95 for AYCE wings. I am sold.You can call this a small sports bar that happens to sell chicken or a chicken place that happens to sell beer.  They have a few small screen TVs and doesn't hold a lot of people.  But it does serve some pretty good chicken tenders which looked like were made from actual chicken meat not the processed stuff.  The wings were so and so but I guess you could compare them to Buffalo Wild Wings which is right across the street.  That's tough but I would probably come here versus BWW just because I perfer small businesses. Friendly service, chill environment, and some arcade machines, I'm a fan.This is a solid 3.5 rating place.
2	We purchased the groupon that says it expires by a certain date, we went on that date because like most groupons it expires after that. When I went to the cashier to use it she nicely tried to explain to me that it expired and another man that worked there RUDELY told me it expires before that date not through that day. Then tries to degrade me saying it was only $6 like I was being cheap. That was not the point of using the groupon since I had never been there before, that groupon opened my eyes that it was there and we eat out alot. i had to step out of line and almost started crying because of this rude employee. I told him I wasn't arguing with him and he walked away. He was rude to another group of men sitting by us so I know he is just an unhappy person. We debated even eating there, but did, since I've always wanted to try it. Food was pretty good which is why the 2 stars and the cashier was a nice woman but it's a shame this one experience will never get me into another chicken bonz anywhere because no one deserves to be treated like that.
5	The wings here are DELISH!  We will definitely be back. It's refreshing to see an owner of an establishment stopping by their customers tables just to introduce themselves and check to make sure everything was to their liking. The guy that took our order was super friendly as well and explained how things worked when we told him it was our first time there.  My 11 year old daughter is really picky about her wings and said these were better than B-Dubs across the street.
5	I love love love chicken wings, I basically order them whenever I go out if I can. If I was stuck on a deserted island and a genie  said "You may have one food infinitely until you are rescued." ...I would reply "chicken wings"...So rolling with my two favorite ladies going to the SW to see a friend last Saturday the 2nd, and searched yelp for CHICKEN WINGS BURGERS in SW Nevada. Chicken Bonz came up as number 1 most reviewed for the SW.So after we hit my friends, we went over to Chickn Bonz on Durango and Warm Springs. It's kinda hidden from the street as your going east to west on warm springs, so look for it behind a jack in the box I think it was.Anyway, pulled up about 8pm on a Saturday night, got out of vehicle and.... fell in love instantly....with the sign i read.ALL YOU CAN EAT CHICKEN WINGS - $12.95Really!!? REALLY?!?! YIPPEE KI YEAAAAAAAA MOFO!*ahem*Anyway, proceeded inside, nice sports barish atmosphere with neon signs, and cool memorabilia on the wall, not a big sports fan so didn't really pay attention. Few video games, and nicely decorated. Ordered our food from the smokin' hot counter girl, that was mutli-tasking like a mofo. Good size crowd taking up most of the tables, got our pitcher, and chilled for about 10 minutes till we got our food. The girls ordered a juicy looking burger that they shared, totally enjoying the texas toast used as a bun instead of the normal McD's bun. Nice. For the AYCE you get 10 to start, and have to order in increments of 5 after that. Ordered the Garlic Salsa somethin somethin at the counter of the about 10-12 different flavors they had. I can't remember because the counter girl was hot and I was distracted. Anyway, I was expecting tiny little wings like you get at Hooters (I go for the wings) and l and behold, good size pieces of  wings filling up the little tray basket. slathered in my choice sauce. The cool counter person working by herself came up and apologized for it taking a little longer than expected, but she was single handedly handling the entire front by herself with about 15-20 customers on the floor, and about 8 in line AND asnwering the phone, and rocking getting everybody's order in. I worked retail/food the last 11 years and give her kudos, she even managed to compliment my homegirl's tattoo in the middle of all of it!The wings filled me up surprisingly quick, convinced we were going to sit there for at least two hours  (my homegirls know I love wings) I ended up ordering just one more set of wings and I was content, fat and happy after just 15 wings. I was not surprised with the good size delicious wings, and threw in the  towel at 15. My friends were surprised I was done too. I only tasted the Garlic Chili and Teriyaki, but will go back to try the other ones. Had a definitely enjoyable experience, wish the place was a little bigger, as far as choice of seating, but perfectly good time eating some wings.I live in the north, but will drive down to the SW just for the service, atmosphere and great experience I had with my friends at this location, even though there's another one I guess 10 minutes away from where I live. (I asked the counter girl)Good Job Chicken Bonz! and Good job Smokin hottie Counter Girl!  I shall return-4 Stars for food and atmospher+ 1 Star Bonus for our server and overall hotness-making it 5 stars. *Poof*
3	AYCE chicken wings for $12.95! I'm in chicken heaven!!! I love chicken wings! Had this place bookmarked for a while and finally got to try it out this past weekend. here's how it works:10 wings per person for 1st order5 wings per person for orders after thatYou can order as much as you wantPick and mix sauces. Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan are the only 2 dry rubs.Order up front first, then the waitress will come around and take your order every time after that.The Lemon Pepper is my favorite. They have a Cayenne garlic Parmesan flavor too, my second favorite. Blue cheese or ranch dipping sauce. The wings are pretty big compared to the wings in the SGV. They have a soda fountain so free refills as well. $1 beer gets you a small cup of beer on certain brand. Others are $1.50. They also have combos you can order if AYCE is not your thing. They take pre-order if you're planning a party. The boyfriend and I ate 15 wings each. Well worth my money!
3	A surprise for sure! I suppose it helps when you have zero expectations going in for a meal and you come out full, not broke, and with leftovers!This place has mixed ambiance.  Part sports bar, part family friendly, part salad bar? Odd.  The salad bar is what you would expect: basic romaine lettuce and a myriad of toppings.  Pleasantly surprised by how clean and fresh everything was.  It could be vastly improved with a nice spring mix in place of the bland romaine; alas, die hard salad bar fans would likely disagree.We had wings, fingers and sweet potato tots.  We tried two different flavors of sauce.  It was nice that they were on the side so you could pick and choose and dip or not dip.  Chicken was very good.  Tots were tasty.  A nice neighborhood spot to hit for a quick dinner with the fam.  Nothing to blow your mind but plenty to fill your belly without breaking the bank.  I'd go again!
2	Came here for wings, but there's no way to get wings gluten free. I could have gotten a burger or salad but the place is named Chicken Bonz. I don't want a burger or a salad I want chicken wings. I did try a sweet potato tater tot which was passable, but not special. Won't be here again.
3	The wings were pretty good and they are the full size. But they were all out of the $1 beer they advertise. If you get the unlimited wings, it takes about 10-15min to get the next order so preorder. The service was questionable. I had to ask permission if we can eat there after the girl rolled her eyes at us when I asked her a question.
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed Chicken Bonz! I am way behind on my yelping!I wish they offered a 8 wing option, because that is my magic number.  6 and I feel unsatisfied,  and 12, well, I physically cannot do 12, no matter how hard I try and I really wish I could!I normally get Honey BBQ and Sweet Chili Garlic. That sweet chili garlic, well, great, I am drooling now like Pavlov's dog. I don't loooove the honey bbq, but I don't do buffalo sauce and I don't like a lot of spice.Because they are breaded, they get soggy really fast, we used to get our bonz to go, but they are 100x better if you eat in. Even our 5 minute drive home ruins them.Get the sweet potato tots and extra ranch - then drink the ranch.My complaint, the darn red neon sign in there.  It's awful, and triggers my migraines.
5	Great wings all the time. The all you can eat is always available and well worth it. Wings are big and juicy. Don't pass it up! Service is good. Staff is friendly. Please please please do NOT change the name to Meat, Chix, & Weiners....Terrible name, not good for family, feels like you're trying to copy that other big-name wing place, I would not recommend friends or family to a place with that name...gonna lose a few regulars. While I was in there, every customer had a complaint about the name change. Stop it before it is too late. Don't fix something that isn't broken!
4	It was my first time ever going here. The food was really good. My aunt brought me here. Apparently the name hasn't been changed on Yelp yet but its now called Meat, Chix, and Weiners. I got a 12 piece chicken finger with honey bbq sauce. I wasnt a big fan of the sauce but the fingers came out steaming hot and were way better then Raising Canes in my opinion. I highly recommend trying this place out.
1	This restaurant turned into "Meat Chix and Weiners" and has frankly gone straight down the tubes.  Different menu, horrible chicken, new sauces with odd flavors.
