5	Everything is made fresh, so if you don't want to wait.... Read the menu online, and call ahead so it is ready for you when you arrive. I never seem to plan to come here, so I haven't tried the calling ahead part...but they recommend it each time.Excellent service and excellent food items. I ordered a fruit parfait and a protein shake. I've also hade "the sandwich" a couple of times.  All were excellent!
5	Wow, I haven't given five stars out in a while, but this place totally deserves it, IMHO.  After popping up in the "New Businesses In Las Vegas" section and checking out the menu online and seeing they had acai bowls, I knew I had to check it out.  My first experience with these was at Swami's Cafe in San Diego and I've been hooked ever since.  Juice 'N' Go is located in the drive-thru hut at Rainbow and Oakey that used to be a Baskin-Robbins back in the day and then a hot dog place in its last incarnation.  I'm happy to report that the newest tenant is a welcome addition to this side of town.       I did a walk-up transaction, having left my car for an oil change down the street. I rung the doorbell and rather than help me through the customer window, Alex, the owner dressed like a chef, came out of the little hut and took my order.  Their standard acai bowl ingredients are organic acai puree, guarana, strawberries, non-fat frozen yogurt, coconut shavings, and granola.  In addition to that list of ingredients,  customers can then choose two more kinds of fruit; apple juice, coconut milk, or soy milk; and either agave nectar or honey.  My head was kind of spinning with the add-in choices so I just asked Alex what he suggested and he said to go with bananas, blueberries, coconut milk, and honey, so that's what I did.  I ordered the smaller 24 oz. size, paid my money, and Alex offered to deliver it to my car.  I told him I was on foot and he disappeared into the juice hut to make my bowl.  He reappeared to offer me the larger 32 oz. version for the 24 oz. price--who's gonna turn that down?  Not me.  Minutes later, he came out and presented me with today's breakfast and it was fabulous.  All of those fresh, organic ingredients blended together deliciously well.       There are lots of other things on the menu that I will definitely go back to try, especially with customizing orders.  Check out their menu ahead of time if you want to save time in the drive-thru and you can even call in your order.  This is a place that offers organic, healthy options (no HFCS) and is environmentally conscious, too--no paper menus available, they use earth-friendly cups, etc.       **Because I was taking pictures of my order, Alex told me that he gives deals if you check in on Facebook or use Instagram.  Since I was doing neither, I told him I was Yelping and he told me that he will upsize the same way for you if you tell him you heard about him from Terri the Yelper.  Give his place a try and see for yourself.  (I am not related to Alex, nor did I get anything but a great customer service experience and a fabulous acai bowl, or, cup, in this case.)
5	This place is amazing. Healthy organic and delicious. Came here to beacause someone recomended me this place and let me start by sayimg that this place is a must go to if you are looking for healthy delicious place to eat. Unlike places clamimg to have healthy food and unhealthy food in their place. This place screams healthy. The fruit is cut up to order the fruit smoothies acai bowls are amazing. This juice n go is great we deffenitly need more around las vegas. I had a chicken wheat wrap which was one of the best wraps I have had in a really long time. I also tried the acai bowl with banana and mango which was great. Its almost like a parfait but instead of yogurt its a acai berry smoothie. Bit they also have regular parfaits. The customer service experience of this place is great also i parked my car and walked up to the window and aftwr ordering the owner of the place asked me which car was mine and he qould glady bring the order rite out to my car which i thought was very cool and generous . this place gets 5stars and deserves the 5stars for good food and good customer service experience. Deffenetly going back
5	This place is amazing. Healthy organic and delicious. Came here to beacause someone recomended me this place and let me start by sayimg that this place is a must go to if you are looking for healthy delicious place to eat. Unlike places clamimg to have healthy food and unhealthy food in their place. This place screams healthy. The fruit is cut up to order the fruit smoothies acai bowls are amazing. This juice n go is great we deffenitly need more around las vegas. I had a chicken wheat wrap which was one of the best wraps I have had in a really long time. I also tried the acai bowl with banana and mango which was great. Its almost like a parfait but instead of yogurt its a acai berry smoothie. Bit they also have regular parfaits. The customer service experience of this place is great also i parked my car and walked up to the window and aftwr ordering the owner of the place asked me which car was mine and he qould glady bring the order rite out to my car which i thought was very cool and generous . this place gets 5stars and deserves the 5stars for good food and good customer service experience. Deffenetly going back
5	Often I am craving something fruity and healthy and delicious. But I often have the 2 kiddos with me and just the thought of getting them dressed, and in & out of their carseat, bribing them with toys/ candy so they behave- already tires me out. Juice 'N' Go is the answer to my prayers. I just wish it was closer to where I live. But beggars can't be choosers.  The Acai Bowl may be my new addiction. I stopped by for the first time yesterday and had to swing by again today because one bowl just wasn't enough. It's a good thing that I just happened to be in the area both times. Owner Alex said that he also ate it practically every day while in San Diego which is why he had to bring this little shack to sin city. And I am so glad he did. The large bowl ($7.99) is huge and comes with your choice of fruits and other toppings. I love the traditional flavors of strawberries, bananas, blueberries, shaved coconut, and honey. I don't know if it really has all of the health benefits that this "superfood" Acai berry claims to have, but I do know that it is dang good. I also have tried the smoothies and was pleasantly surprised to learn that when you spend $10, you get a free kids smoothie too. So luckily my kids got to try the strawberry banana smoothie too. And the verdict: they love it. When you go up to the drive thru, Alex comes out to take your order and gives recommendations if you are overwhelmed by all of the delicious choices listed on the menu board. You then drive up to the pick up window and pay. Since everything is made to order, there is a bit of a wait. Just turn off your engine and catch up on Yelp Talk. Note, if you find yourself without a car, you can also walk up and order too. Can't wait to try other juices...and a wrap...and the soup...basically the entire menu. In fact, I may just be in the neighborhood again tomorrow. Besides delicious and healthy food, the friendly service is top notch!
5	Everything is made fresh and tastes great!! I plan on trying all the blends they have available.
5	After visiting a health food/smoothie bar in SD, my boyfriend and I became obsessed with Acai bowls. We never thought there was anything that would even come close to it in Vegas. Much to our surprise, we discovered juice n go. They offer amazing Acai bowls, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. We can't wait to come back and try their pitaya bowls.
5	I just started juicing and it is very time consuming cutting fruits and veggies especially when you are on a time constraint! This is the perfect place to grab your juice on the go when you are busy. I will most likely become a regular! Shout out to the staff, you guys are awesome!
4	I have driven by this tiny, yet colorful establishment many times while on Rainbow Blvd. I decided to stop by one Saturday and give it a try. Bring your patience, because your order will more than likely take about 10 minutes from ordering to getting it in your hands. I ordered the Acai bowl which seems to be the hit with other Yelpers. It was very tasty and filling. I would highly recommend it. They offer breakfast items, smoothies, sandwiches to name a few. My only reason for not giving it a 5 is there is no place to sit/stand safely while you wait for your order as the building is in the middle of the parking lot. I waited in the shade of a nearby building. People have said to call in, I think I would rather just get there and order- it has a drive thru or a walk up window, whatever floats your boat.
5	I love this place. We have been coming here since they opened. The staff is great, you just don't find service like this anywhere in town. My kids do Jiu-Jitsu down the street, and love the refreshing Acai and Pitaya bowls after a hard work out! Can't say enough good about these guys!!
5	Juice N Go is so delicious. I've had the Acai bowl, with no coconut (not a fan) and its absolutely to die for. I've also had the wheat quesadilla and a smoothie and both have been extremely yummy. The staff is always super friendly and funny. There is a little bit of a wait, but it's worth it because it's all fresh. The only thing I wish was different about this awesome establishment would be if it was open later. I am a student at UNLV (I hear that a new location may be opening down there) and live on this side of town, but with traffic and everything it takes forever to get up on this side of town. Also, opening earlier on Saturdays would be nice, so I can go before work:) ANYWAYS, definitely a place to try ! So good:)
5	one word bomb
5	MMM MMM GOOD~!!!Finally tried some Juice 'N' Go and I couldn't have chose a better day than National Acai Day haha Half off Acai Bowls..? YES, please ;]]] I love how they have a drive-thru so it's fast and convenient.. Everything is made to order and fresh so you don't want to come here if you are in a rush.. There was only 1 car ahead of me so I was in and out in about just a little over 10 minutes but I can see how during peak times the wait could be long. The chef (or owner) greeted me through the intercom but came out to take my order which was nice. He was super friendly and upbeat. I got the large Acai bowl (normally $7.99)  with coconut milk, banana, mixed berries, coconut shavings, granola & honey~ That thing is HUGE.. like the size of a large soup to-go container haha It was delicious! Some of the fruit were frozen and some fresh so if you have sensitive teeth it may be too cold for you but if you let it sit a while you should be good to go~ The best way I can describe it is it's kind of like an acai/yogurt smoothie with fruits and granola haha I can't wait to come back and try all the other delicious sounding items on the menu.The chef told me they are the greenest restaurant in Las Vegas so they don't use any paper products even paper to-go menus. They also have a walk up window and plan on soon building a little out door dining area. Juice 'N' Go makes eating healthy fast, convenient & easy.. Definitely check this place out ;]]] HOT TIP: Phone in your order if you don't have time to wait 242-JUICE and don't forget to tip them (beer money) haha
5	I happened to go on National Acai Day!  WOOHOO!  The owner was really friendly and informative.  I can tell he really loves what he's selling.  So we tried the Acai bowl and a mango/carrot juice.  We loved both!  I'm actually craving the Acai bowl - highly recommended.  Delicious, fresh, awesome goodness. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	A couple of weeks ago my brother, who lives in San Diego, told me he was going to get an Acia Bowl.  Never hearing of an Acai Bowl, the foodie in me asked him what it was.  That conversation changed my life.After feeling very excited and anxious to try a bowl,  I was leery and wondered if I could actually find such healthy goodness in Las Vegas.  It seems as if many of our favorite healthy food places don't last long here in the valley.  After Googling, Yelping and searching high and low for a place to find a good Acia Bowl I found Juice 'N' Go.  It wasn't close to the house but beggars can't be choosers.  The next day we set out for Rainbow to try this bowl that my brother swore by.My husband and I got different variations of the Acia Bowls.  It took awhile to get our order but we didn't care because this food is fresh people, and made to order.  After one bite, we were hooked.  The fruit is delicious and fresh and PRETTY, the value is phenomenal and the people that work there are so freaking nice and friendly.  Juice 'N' Go Acia Bowls have become a part of our lives on a weekly basis and sometimes more.  We've had bowls for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  We dream of that yummy goodness and have withdrawals if too much time lapses between visits.  Oh, and we've also tried the chicken salad, bagels and smoothies.  Everything is awesome!  Please go.  Please.  I beg.
2	I wish I had the experience here that other Yelpers have.I've been twice now, and both times the wait was extremely long. The first time I came, I wanted something really refreshing and brought my friend who was out of town here for an acai bowl. The wait was over 25 minutes long, and they kept forgetting parts of our order. When we were waiting on the last acai bowl, we reminded them about it, and the guy at the window said "oh. yeah. they totally forgot about it. it's being made now." Seriously? No apology? No discount for the 25 minute wait? The worst  part was waiting out in the parking lot where it smells heavily of grease and frying things.The second time was a 15 minute wait for a single acai bowl, and they weren't even busy. I swear the guys working in there are stoned out of their minds. This is the only reason I can see for them taking so long.Both times I've gone I've gotten a regular size $6.99 (the second time they screwed up and gave me a large) acai bowl with coconut milk, mangoes and mixed berries, topped with honey. When you order you get your choice of soy milk or coconut milk to blend the acai with (they also add a little frozen yogurt). You then choose your fruit, most of which is frozen. It comes with granola. Then it's topped with your choice of honey or agave nectar.The bowls themselves? Meh. Doesn't even taste like acai, super bland. The only reason it's a two star review and not one, is for the fact that it's a much healthier alternative to a shake or ice cream. If I'm craving ice cream, I could come here instead and it would satisfy that. It also makes you FEEL good to eat this because it's so cold, light, and healthy.Their food options include basic sandwiches and wraps for which they have a veggie patty option. They also offer some bagel options, and kids eat free!
5	Sooooooo amazing. Great raw food. Delicious too! Not too sweet. No sugar!
5	I went here for lunch today and the food was amazing!  I had a veggie burger on ciabatta and it had to be the best veggie burger I have ever eaten.  I'm not sure if the patties are homemade but they taste better than anything I have bought in a store or restaurant.  I also tried a few other items that I shared with my family:Salad - Super fresh and was great with the champagne vinaigretteSmoothie - Perfectly sweet and delcious.  (we had ours with banana, peaches, strawberries and coconut water)Acai Bowl - Very tasty with ripe fresh fruit and delicious natural ingredients, it gave me a nice energy boost.Since I had read the reviews on Yelp already I was prepared for a wait, but it was really not very long.  They did forget to give me my salad dressing, but when I went back to get it they gave me a coupon for my next visit.  The staff is very nice and helpful which makes those little inconveniences tolerable, as well as having delicious food.I am so glad I stumbled on this tasty place!  It is definitely going to be a regular stop for me.
5	I had a hard time finding it because there aren't any signs from the street and it's a stand in the middle of the shopping center but glad I did. Wow!! I am so impressed by the acai bowl. I got a large acai bowl it was a perfect breakfast, fresh and wonderful. I am going to be visiting much more often.
4	One of my favorite things are smoothies, and I am so glad I found this place. Its really far from where I live, but at least i know where its at so when Im in the area I can stop by. I love that you can make your own smoothie, pick your ingredients and it tastes delicious! I haven't tried the acai bowls because I can't have dairy, but they do look delicious. The guys were extremely nice and even gave a treat to my dog in the car with me. I love that they have drive-thru because sometimes you just don't want to get out of your car. I love this place, I wish there was one in Henderson! Oh and Kids eat free when you purchase $10 or more of food and trust me you will want to order $10 plus worth of food/drinks. Love this place!
3	These guys are great but... I have been there twice and everytime I have had to wait at least 15 minutes to get my order and their was only two of us in line. The second time I sat in the drive thru for 10 minutes. I left without giving them my order. This happened on April 20th. I know what they do takes time but dang its slow.
5	Decided to try their famous Acai bowl and was pretty amazed at how delicious it was.  I ordered a regular size and by looking at it, I thought I would not get full from it but it surely filled me up and it certainly curbed my sweet craving.  It's not really a bowl per se, it's served in a cup so the name did fool me.  They have a drive up and a walk up window.  The drive up window is definitely not meant for small cars as the window is high and far...you almost have to climb out of the window to reach the window but its a doable.  They also serve smoothies and sandwiches at a decent price.
1	This is a very lengthy post but this was my first and last experience at this place. If you want the truth, here it is:I was a first time visitor, going through their drive through. First of all, doesn't the name Juice N "GO" apply that they will be fast? Anyways, I pull up and before I can say anything the guy tells me to hang on for a sec. 10 minutes go by, and I finally say that I'm ready to order. I got no response still, and then someone came out of the inside and wrote down my order on a notepad. He didn't apologize or state why I wasn't ordering through the speaker, just asked me what I wanted. I thought it was a little weird. Then I pull up to the window. 10 more minutes go by and a different guy comes to the window and says "I'm sorry we're understaffed today." and walked away before I got the chance to say anything. So by now, it's been 20 minutes. No total on my order, no food, nothing. 10 more minutes go by. The guy who took my order finally comes to the window. I just simply asked to speak with the manager. He begins to say he was giving me my bagel for free and how "we are not McDonald's." I told him I could make a smoothie and clean my blender in under 3 minutes, how long did it really take him? He never answered that question. He also asked me if I wanted to cancel my order and I said no. I'm not sure why he said anything to me when the first thing I did was ask for the manager. During this, the guy behind me literally pulled out backwards and left the drive through, so I brought that up. He said "that's fine," and presumed to walk away. Then he came back and said the manager "didn't want to talk to me because they are too busy." I had no words. I just asked for my total. He gave it to me and walked away without making any exchange. It was now 35 minutes later, I know this because I tweeted right when I got there, and the manager comes to the window. He says, "You wanted to talk to me?" I said, " you didn't want to talk to me." He says, "well I apologize but we are not McDonald's and the bagel's on the house." I told him I could pay the $2 I just wanted my food. He then asked "do you want to cancel your order?" I never implied this, I even told the other guy no. So I just said no. I brought up the guy leaving the drive through to him as well, and his exact words were "I don't care." at least the other guy said that's fine. Then the manager asked ME what my balance was. I said "you tell me, I don't work here." That must've been his last straw or something, because he then said he was refusing me service and told me not to come back, and shut and locked the drive through window. There was no signs about refusing anyone service, or any signs at all by the window. I was appalled. I literally waited 35-40 minutes to be rejected service. I was frustrated after 30 minutes, but I used no profanity. I even offered to still pay for the bagel. Apparently, the manager turns out to be the owner, and I think his son was the other guy I was dealing with. Don't go here.
4	Juice N Go is not in an area I am in very often... but I decided I wanted to try something new for lunch, and I had seen a few friends post glowing reviews for Juice N Go, so I decided to  made the 15 minute drive over to pick up an acai bowl. I called my order in to avoid waiting, and sure enough, my order was ready when I arrived. The employee that helped me was super friendly too. Everything here is made fresh to order, so you WILL wait if you do not call your order in. You can't have your cake and eat it too, if you are impatient and don't want to wait, order ahead. I got a regular acai bowl with bananas and blueberries, made with soy milk. (Actually, I got two, my  co-worker wanted to give it a try as well).  It was delicious, my only complaint is that it was a little runnier than I would like, but that may have been due to driving 15 minutes before eating it. It was also surprisingly filling! Remember folks, patience is a virtue... Call your order in and avoid having to wait!
5	Highly recommend this place. My boyfriend and I went here at the wrong time because the day we went they happened to be short staffed. But in the end it went in our favor. The worker took our order and apologized to us saying it may take awhile to get ready. We weren't in a rush so we were willing to wait since it was our first time trying out an Acai Bowl. We ordered a Large Acai Bowl ($7.99) and the worker said he would give it to us for the regular price ($6.99) since it was our first time. Turns out it took about 20+ mins to finally get our order. But in the end he gave us 2 Large Acai Bowls for free :)Lets just say my boyfriend and I were stoked!!! And the Acai Bowls were even more AMAZING!!!! Best thing I've ever had in such a long time! It was refreshing and just the thing I wanted on a hot Vegas day!!!I want to give a big, "THANK YOU!" to the sweet workers here :) Keep up what you guys are doing!!!
5	This place is fantastic! Highly recommend you get the Pitaya bowl... or anything really.
2	I got a carrot, spinach and strawberry smoothie.  Nothing special.  It's something that I can make at home.  I guess I was hoping for a better flavor or even texture.  I'm actually gonna give this place a try again and maybe order something different.  If it's better the 2nd time around, I'll change my review.
4	This place was amazeballs! It hit the spot on a hot summer day. My friend Martin just keeps raving about this place so I finally had to see for myself. I ordered their traditional acai bowl regular sized (6.99). It had strawberries, berries, and banana with coconut shavings, granola, and your choice of honey or agave nectar. I did the agave nectar. It satisfied my craving for sure! Delicious in every bite! However, I did expect it to be like a regular acai bowl which is usually thicker in consistency, but it is more runnier. Either way I managed and I enjoyed it anyway.I also ordered a chicken quesadilla on a wheat tortilla (4.99) since I needed actual food in my stomach as well. That wasn't as great either, and now I know that you'd prefer to order their specialty beverages and smoothies here rather than their food.Their wait is a bit long, but they were nice enough to forewarn you that everything is made to order so the wait might be a bit longer than most places. So I understood. I was quite happy to hear that we got a free kids smoothie! You get one when you spend more than $10.00. So my little kiddo was pretty ecstatic to hear he got a free treat. How special! I can't wait to go back and try their coconut water.
5	Juice 'N' Go is absolutely amazing! The people that work there are incredibly nice & very helpful for a first time customers. What they sell is fantastic! Everything is very health conscious & organic. Plus, it's like going to an awesome salad bar but instead of getting a boring salad you get to create your own adventurous smoothies, juices, sandwiches, etc. If you want some refreshing and delicious without the guilt of a fats, processed carbs, high fructose corn syrup & preservatives I'd definitely recommend this place. It's a drive up, so it's quick & easy for on the go. I got the traditional acai bowl w/ a lemon limeade & I was not disappointed one bit! Perfect breakfast for after the gym :)
5	Juice was amazing and very reasonably priced!! The guys working were awesome and gave us a deal for it being our first time in.  They even offered a sample of another juice on the house!  Great way to get loyal customers.  I will be definitely be back! :)
5	I have Terri R to blame for this review! She made me a fan!Actually, Juice 'N' Go did it on their own. There's too many things I do love about them, here are some of the highlights:- You can customize your acai bowl, juice or smoothie. They have pitaya, rice milk, whey protein, a variety of ingredients! I tried their veggie wrap my last visit, you can pick and choose what goes in those. Very accommodating!- Lots of organics- No preservatives- KIDS EAT FREE EVERYDAY! (with a $9.99 purchase)They're definitely not in my neighborhood. There's a wait for your order at times. Nevertheless, I think 5 stars is warranted, mostly for their great service. They always been courteous, friendly, and delivered some great acai bowls that makes me not mind waiting when they're busy. Call in your order ahead!
5	First time my bf and I went to juice n go after all the raving yelp reviews and this place is awesome!  Didn't really know what to get but the guy was really helpful and even gave us both large acai bowls for the price of a medium! While we were waiting for our bowls he even gave us complimentary passion fruit teas (not sure if that was just a first timer special). The large bowl is basically the size of a tub but we both ended up finishing them because they were so delicious! Will be coming back!
5	I can go on and on about Juice & Go and how amazing this hidden gem is, but I will keep it short and sweet because I can sum it up in just a few words.... Refreshing, clean, delicious. healthy, tasty, and simply FABULOUS!!! I am an addict now and find myself craving the Acai Bowls. I always leave there feeling uplifted and energized. Thank you, thank you, thank you ! Already looking forward to the next time...
5	This place is the real deal. So fresh, so yummy!! Get the acai bowl, delicious! Alex is great.
4	Honestly I was skeptical at first but I'm glad to say that I was blown away!Located in a little shopping arcade I was about to drive by. But spurred by my friend and my grumbling stomach brought me to it. We got slightly confused on how the ordering worked. We parked our car and walk around a bit but a helpful employee directed us to order at a window. The staff was amazingly nice and helpful. I ordered a quesadilla and a lemonade drink. The food came out quickly and the chef/owner threw in some goodies for us. Over all my experience was great. I am hesitant to give a full five stars because it is my first time there but I will soon be returning :)
4	Cool little spot in an unsuspecting business plaza by CSN Charleston Campus!I've only had the Acai (Ah-Sai-Ee) Bowl and they were nice enough to upgrade me to a large bowl for the price of a regular for my first visit. I don't know much about acai berries other than its suppose to be some "superfood" from South America and is a great antioxidant! I'll take acai berries over prunes any day! I believe they use Sambazon Acai Juice (the expensive purple one at costco) and freeze it then blend it for the base. It comes with 2 fruit toppings (plenty of choices), coconut shavings, honey or agave nectar, and granola. The regular is $6.99 (24oz) and large is $7.99 (32oz). The large could definitely replace a regular person's meal and regular for a smaller appetite. A regular may be more optimal because unless you can guzzle your bowl in 20 minutes or so it starts to turn into a berry soup. Maybe if it was more of a thick smoothie I would like it a bit more. I have not tried their other options such as frozen yogurt, wraps, or juices but looking forward to coming back.
2	I only come here when I feel like splurging because they're very pricey. The owner is very nice, but I don't like how sometimes I feel like my bowl is not full. :(Their acai bowls are really good. It has everything you want in a snack or a dessert: crunchy, sweet, sour, and refreshing. I just wish it didn't take super long to get your food.
3	Good place to stop if you want a smoothie on the fly but if you are a juicer like me your better off just making it at home.
5	There's not much I can say about this place that hasn't already been said so I'll just sum it up: It is amazing!! Never judge a book by it's cover because from the outside I was having second thoughts for a moment, but it changed quickly. They have outstanding customer service, offering me complimentary iced tea while waiting, and the large acai bowl did not disappoint either!I will be back!
5	Great place, best Acai in las vegas! Wish they had a location in summerlin
5	What Vegas was missing! The service was spectacular and the menu smoothies amazing!
5	Acai bowl is amazing and well worth the 7.99 for the large size. Fresh ingredients and each bite is like a orgasm in your mouth, no joke. Strawberries, blueberries, great tasting oats, a dash of honey and many more items I don't remember because I ate it so quickly! The owner Alex is very friendly and I will be back with friends and family, that's for sure! Locally owned business that makes you feel at home! Although there's no sit down area, this is a secret of Las Vegas that you must try!!!! What are you waiting for!?!
4	Their Acai bowls are so refreshing and delicious! I find myself craving their acai bowls in the middle of the day. I can't get enough. The workers are very friendly, but there can be a bit of a wait depending on what part of the day it is. I just wish the acai bowls weren't so pricey!
5	Hands down best juice and selection in Vegas! Maca powder!
5	My favorite place to go to after a workout by far!I usually get an acai bowl. SO good and refreshing. You can customize it to your liking. I get it made with coconut milk, agave, mixed berries, mango and extra granola. MMM! I've had their french toast sticks, coconut water with pineapple juice, and my boyfriend always gets a smoothie with protein. All very good.  I like to call in my order so I can avoid the wait. Even if there is a wait I really don't mind it. The service is pretty awesome here, not only for a drive thru but for any kind of place. Usually when I call in my order they warn me that the granola has nuts in it. I come from a family with nut allergies so that made me appreciate them more. And when I first order my bowl with extra granola I just thought they would throw it on top, but he handed me a little cup with granola and said he thought it would be better this way so I can put it in when I get towards the bottom and it wouldn't be soggy. GENIUS!I'd come here more often if they were open later. I work banker hours so I miss them during the week, but we'll always have Saturdays together!
4	Absolutely love this place. it's a small drive thru/ walk up only, but it's delicious. yes there's a bit of a wait usually for the food to be prepared and made, but I say it's well worth. and the customer service is never bad.
5	The name of this place is a lot more literal than I could have imagined. You really just drive up and get your drink from a super small trailer looking place, but it was cute.After some rock climbing, my friend and I wanted something on the healthier side so we opted for the acai bowl. It was our first time trying one and I was super satisfied. This thing was delicious! We got a legs to share, which got really hard to do in the car. It was huge. It was basically the size of to-go pho. I can't wait to come back here and try their other stuff.The guy at the window was really nice. They were very patient and didn't rush us when it took awhile to decide. I also awkwardly dropped my coins but he said he would just pick them up, which was nice since that was low-key embarrassing.
5	Finally got around to trying this place!!! I've been craving an Acai Bowl and they didn't disappoint! It was delicious! The service was outstanding and I'll definitely be back!
4	Been on an acai bowl kick recently so when we were in town for MDW, found this place on Yelp and had to give it a try. Location: It's a bit of a strange set up in the middle of a shopping center parking lot with a walk up window or drive-thru option.  We opted for the drive-thru since we were going to eat in the car anyway. (No seating)Service: EXCELLENT! We ordered a large acai bowl and an iced green tea, but the guy said they just got rid of their green tea and suggested their tropical one instead.  Ordered it and thought nothing of it. Pulled up to the window and got our stuff, but the guy said he charged me a regular and gave us the tea at no charge!!! Said he was sorry they didn't have the green tea. Totally didn't have to do that but just shows the kind of business they run and how they care about their customers. Bowl: Definitely tasty and filling although a bit more watery than I like. Was almost a smoothie with granola, bananas and strawberry on top. Summary: Very friendly service and pretty darn good acai bowl.  Would definitely return on my next trip to Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try Juice 'N' Go the other day and I gotta say, this place is hard to miss due to the bright colors of its building compared to their neighbors. It's a pretty small place, in fact, I think they could even turn this into a food truck deal if they didn't want to have an actual location. They have a drive thru area as well as a walk up area. I actually didn't notice their drive thru so I went ahead and walked up instead. They have a pretty good amount of items on their menus ranging from wraps to smoothies to, of course, their famous acai bowl that everyone rages about. So since their most known item is the acai bowl then that is what I ordered. I decided to go with a regular sized acai bowl. The guy that took my order down asked me if I had wanted a traditional acai bowl. I wasn't really sure what he meant ... so I asked. He said that I could customize it with what I liked. I didn't really know that I had the utmost freedom until I read the reviews more closely AFTER my visit so instead, I subbed two items. Their traditional bowl had bananas, strawberries, blueberries, honey, and coconut shavings topped with honey I believe. So instead of the bananas and coconut shavings, I wanted mangos and raspberry. Then on top of that, because I was a first time customer, they upgraded my regular to a large -- which was very generous of them. The wait was ... sort of long for something that doesn't typically take a long time to make. Then again I've never made these types of things so I actually wouldn't really know. But they also had some drive thrus coming through so maybe it was that too...And he came out with a traditional acai bowl. Huh? Haha he said that his mind sometimes is too busy and completely forgets. So he made a traditional acai bowl instead of the customized one I had ordered. He gave us the traditional one on top of re-making my order so I walked away with two large acai bowls! It was my lucky day! Anyways, though maybe because I didn't want the bananas, my acai bowl didn't look as filled as the original. And the blueberries were missing :( Or perhaps because I got two that he didn't fill up my bowl? Who knows. The flavors of the acai were a little bland than what I expected it to be. Granted I'm not very familiar with the acai flavor but the one in the bowl was sort of ... watery. It was runny as well. Perhaps they need to put more frozen yogurt to thicken it up? I love the granola mix in it though. It goes very well with the fruit. The bowl wasn't really sweet either which is a plus -- it was very refreshing and can be really filling too. My boyfriend didn't want to have any so I got stuck with a whole bowl on my own ;(So it may have been average at most for me but the service is amazing from what I have experienced so far. Can be a bit slow but eh, I had time. I definitely do want to go back to try more things and perhaps try another bowl and this time, I'll be a little smarter on the ordering :)
4	Best smoothie and wraps! So happy I'm not stuck going to tropical smoothie anymore! This place is so much better and fresh! The wait is kind of long but totally worth it!
5	This place is amazing.  While out and about doing errands on my day off I didnt want to get out of the car for any food but I was hungry for something.. man I'm so happy I found this small green pop out building lol  my first order was a cinnamon bagel that comes with pb&j or ab&j I opted for almond butter instead.  My smoothie was heavenly I drank half of it and got sad that the other half was all I had left.. not a bad location.  However I learned quick that the orders will be faster if I call them ahead of time.. organic ingredients and friendly service you can not have a bad day with this place!
5	All my girls and I love getting food from here. Staff is amazing and they have AMAZING customer service. All their food is healthy and fresh. It's worth every penny!
5	This place is always so welcoming and quick with your order! I love coming here every time! Acai bowl is really delicious!
5	This place is literally like the only place in town that you can find acai bowls In All of Vegas. I make a 20 minute trip almost every other day to cop me one of these bowls. It reminds me so much of the acai bowls in Hawaii when I went on vacation out there. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	Had this one earlier this month, brought to me by a friend, in a large size. She gave it to me right after i ate lunch. Yet, somehow... still was able to finish that gigantic (large) acai bowl. I'd say that large container, was maybe a pint. give for take. Not a small portion. Topped with fresh fruit (strawberries, bananas, blueberries, and coconut shavings), to me, first thought... "this is what i should eat after going to the gym huh..." XD The Traditional Acai (Ah-sa-ee) bowl is made with organic acai, guarana (apparently rich in caffeine), strawberries, non-fat frozen yogurt blended w/ choice of apple juice, coconut milk, or soy milk. Topped with organic granola, coconut shavings, and either agave nectar or honey. The first one i had was topped with agave nectar, felt like the bowl, as a whole, lacked a little bit more of the sweetness (didnt know honey was an option, and suggested to friend, maybe honey would do better). The acai and the fruit was bright and refreshing but light. But with tons of organic granola (score!). It's almost a meal in its own2nd time, i had went myself in search for "breakfast", went through the drive thru. Was told through intercom that they will be with me in just a minute... a minute later, i hear a voice off to the side while i was concentrating on the menu outside.. XD the guy walked up with a notepad to take my order LOL that was a surprise.. Judging by my first experience of the large, i thought the regular was maybe the same type of cup/bowl, but shorter. After i pulled up to the window, to my surprise, it was a regular cup size, and tall. Then i thought, DANG ! for $1 difference, should have gotten the large ! XD so worth it for large ;_; Cut fruits were topped with honey this time and presented nicely. I was wrong about the honey though. it adds a .. different flavor to it.. maybe not so good with honey. maybe next time ill ask for agave nectar again but a little more? Experience noted. Get Large instead of Regular.. the regular was finished by the time i got home.. and i only live like 10 minutes away. Err... Maybe ask for a little more granola too (love granola for some reason... XD om nom nom)
4	YUM! So happy to have found a healthy, tasty, and friendly option for after-work snacks and emergency lunches. Menu offers bowls, a few breakfast/lunch wrap options, and juices/smoothies.The HUGE acai bowl is my favorite thing here- it is blended and frothy at the bottom without being icy, and the granola and fruit on top make it similar to a parfait. The regular is like $7 while the large is only a dollar more- an $8 meal, which isn't bad considering all of the nutrition it packs!Bonus star for stellar service! For my first purchase, I was allowed to try the large size bowl at the cost of the regular, which was much appreciated and worth it. Employees are friendly and upbeat, but the line does move really slowly.
5	Everywhere I turn in Las Vegas a healthy alternative is popping up. This one here is a delight. The staff is beyond friendly and accommodating. Being it was my first time here they really took care of us. As I walked up to the window they handed me some organic vanilla frozen yogurt just for coming to the establishment which I thought was pretty cool. I ordered a Veggie wrap with a Sun Dried Tomato tortilla, hummus spread, a dash of horseradish, w/ field greens and a black bean veggie patty!!! As Guy Fieri would say this thing is out of bounds!!! I also ordered a Acai bowl to take home for later, Yeah that didn't happen... I ate that immediately! It was too good!!! On top of all that, as I was leaving Juice~N~Go they thanked me gracefully by giving me a complimentary passion fruit iced tea to show their gratitude. I've recommended this little stand to about 6 of my friends and they have all had nothing but good things to say.
5	I actually rarely eat fruits so for me to be IN LOVE with the Acai bowl is pretty surprising! I've heard many good reviews about this drive thru stand and I thought id check it out since I live down the street. I swear their Acai bowl is amazing! You can customize your bowl to your liking and it's all for only $7-8. It tastes fresh and the fruit to Acai blend to granola ratio is on point! I'm definitely going to go here more often.
5	This place is AMAZING!! They specialize In acai bowls and smoothies which are out-of-this-world amazing!! Everything is so fresh you can feel your body thanking you!!   They have a great little kids menu. My 4 year old son gets a quesadilla on a whole wheat tortilla and a banana smoothie and he's in heaven!! They also comp one of the kid items!!  The service is perfect! They are friendly and eager to explain any item on the menu. I'm addicted!!!
4	I've only had the Acai bowl so this review is based strictly on that. If I happen to get anything else I'll be sure to update my review.Anyways, I was actually very surprised with their Acai bowl. I've heard a lot of good things about it, but I figured, "How good can a bowl of fruit be?"Apparently very good.They use fresh tasting fruit and the Acai smoothie/juice part is refreshing. I definitely recommend getting the larger size because it is way more worth the price. Everything mixes very well, from the banana to the strawberry, to the granola, and it's just takes a quick drive through. Can't wait to try the rest of their menu some time.
5	Today was the first time I've ever tried juice'n'go! They were so friendly and helpful! The acai smoothie is Soooo good and fresh I just love it! Great experience to start a great day! Thank you!
4	Service could be a little faster- but it's a tiny place so I understand! I got the strawberry and pineapple smoothie blended with mango nectar... YUMMY!!!
5	If you have not tried the Acai bowl at Juice 'N' Go you are really missing something yummy! I find myself craving this bowl instead of ice cream! The workers are super friendly & accommodating too! It is a bummer that they are closed on Sundays!
5	We stumbled across this gem and so happy we did! Amazing customer service . When we drove up to the window they asked if it was our first time, then came out to explain the menu! We both got the green juice and it was so yummy! Plus we got a free smoothie for our son cause kids eat/ drink free everyday!!! We will defiantly be back:) highly recommend
5	When I pulled up to the drive thru, I mentioned it was our first time there, so the guy came out to explain the menu. Great! We ordered the acai bowl and smoothie/wrap combo. We tried a turkey wrap with the regular fixings and everything was so ridiculously good! I live all the way in Silverado Ranch area but will probably drive here at least once a week to try other stuff.
5	The first two visits may have been a bust in terms of wait times and customer service, but since then I've had only 5 star experiences!This place is within close proximity to my school, so driving off campus for a healthier alternative is incredibly easy, and I never have to feel guilty about how often I'm here. Light, fresh, organic superfood. I'm all about it!Wait times still run just a bit long- but I'd say anywhere from 5-10 min.. Not the 30min I had previously experienced.. And not any longer than a Tropical Smoothie drive-thru. The customer service here has been fantastic! Very personable, willing to make suggestions and super friendly.They also have a pitaya bowl that isn't listed on the menu, but it's advertised at the pick-up window. It should be noted that the acai bowl melts really quickly, whereas the pitaya bowl holds up incredibly well. If I'm taking this into work with me, I grab the pitaya, which should still be eaten within the hour.
4	This place is awesome! It's kind of hidden in a little shopping center off Rainbow and Oakey, and was previously a tiny drive-thru Baskin Robbins. So the first time I went with my brother, the staff was super nice and chill! We had walked up to the drive thru menu, and one of the employees walked out to meet us and let us know the low down on what was good (and walked us to the side window where no cars pass through because he's super nice!). I got an acai bowl, which you have the option of putting 3 fruits, either honey or agave nectar, and apple juice, coconut water among other possible juices. I picked mixed berries, peaches, and banana with honey and apple juice, and was not disappointed! I also got a chicken quesadilla with the spinach tortilla because I was sooo famished, and it was nothing short of delicioso. The staff really took the time to let us know what everything was and gave us their personal recommendations, and at the end they gave us a discount and upgraded our acai bowl sizes to Large and gave us free iced tea!  Needless to say, this place is amazing! Fresh ingredients and really friendly staff. The only downside is I wish this place was bigger...was closer to Summerlin....had tables...and had free wifi lol, this would be an awesome study place haha
5	Amazing fresh and healthy stuff! The Acai bowl is a perfect breakfast or anything. If you're in a hurry, call in your order. They are getting busy and the wait times does suck but it's worth it
4	I have only had their Acai Bowls. They have sandwiches, wraps, and salads but I have yet to try any of them because I'm usually in a hurry. (just down the street from school and is my usual stop if I'm feeling like I need a healthy 'pick me up' before I hit the books)The Acai Bowl is amazing. It's sort of got a slushy-like consistency to it and you can choose what to blend it with (coconut milk, apple juice, soy milk). They top it off with berries and bananas (plus whatever fruit you want to add to it), organic granola, coconut shavings, and some kind of sweetener. I always just get honey (but there's also agave) I've only ever ordered a 'regular' sized bowl because the large just looks WAY too big for me and the 'regular' already gets me pretty full. I've seen on other people's reviews that the acai slush isn't sweet enough but c'mon people, its natural and it isn't pumped with preservatives and additives. I would hate for it to be too sweet. I think it's perfect the way it is, but that's just my take on it. Also, I've heard that there can be a bit of a wait but I don't think i've ever waited for more than 5-10 minutes, so maybe I just beat the crowd? or am there before? Either way, no complaints here!The dudes who take my order and prepare my bowls are ALWAYS so accommodating and helpful. First time there, they explained to me the whole process so by the second, third, etc, etc, time, I never felt overwhelmed. Also, I LOVE the fact that kids eat free (with the purchase of an 'adult' item) I haven't taken my little guy yet, but I love that I have another healthy option for him!
5	It's a drive true with an edge, the guys are very clever and they try really hard. I genuinely hope that this will become a healthy chain. The fruit they use is fresh and very good. I'm happy I found it.
5	Got to this little box on the corner of a shopping plaza at around 3pm on a Wednesday afternoon. No long lines as mentioned in the other reviews. However we have made attempts before and the line gets pretty ridiculous for an establishment where you can either drive up or walk up to the window for your order. You can call in your order too but I wouldn't do that the yogurt melts pretty fast. The other reviews talked about how long it takes, I think it's well worth the wait, I think they only slice up the fruits when it is ordered hence the uber freshness . I don't think they are pre sliced and sitting in a tub wilting. My 8 year old daughter placed her order first and ordered the breakfast parfait. The guy helping us told us that it would be too much for her since it was 20 oz and that we could order her  a similar item on the kids menu. Wow! Honesty so rare now a days that breakfast parfait was about $6 and the kids menu is 1.99. The kids items are the same size as Jamba Juice's kids items but WAAAaaaaaay cheaper. So she ordered a kid's yogurt and customized it with strawberries bananas and granola. I got the regular size yogurt customized it with strawberries, bananas, mango, granola and peanut butter. My boyfriend got the famous Acai bowl and my son got the kids' chocolate smoothie. All that for $14 we got the smoothie for free for no reason Yay! The yogurt was not dense and tart like most yogurt. It was sweet and very ice cream like. The fruits were all firm and tasty, I don't know what brand granola or peanut butter they use but it was super delish and very different from anything I've tasted. I love that you can customize your bowls and that they have lots to chose from. I added peanut butter as an afterthought and while I was waiting I was worried how the mango and peanut butter would taste mixed together. I was also worried when I saw that the peanut butter was not blended with the yogurt it was placed on top. We are regulars at Jamba Juice and yogurtland  and it takes us awhile to consume our yogurt bowls and smoothies but with Juice n Go items, we went through it pretty quick. My son killed his smoothie just from the walk from their window to our car. We were all done within our treats in less than 5 mins. Take a look around the parking lot and you see everyone leaning on their vehicle handling their yogurt/ fruit bowls .
5	had some strawberry secret bowl.... was da bizniz. my girl and i would have tht over icecream any day. hands down the best refreshing yogurt in vegas. spread da word and tell all ur frenz.
3	Place is good but my complains are they run out of ingredients and they are inconsistent with their drinks!
5	Amazed by how fresh the ingredients were. The guy who took our order was super nice, explained the menu, free upgrade for our first time. Free dog treat for the dog.
5	I have been wanting to try this place for the longest time but never seen to find myself on this side of town.....The gentleman through the drive-thru was super friendly and asked if I had any questions on the menu and explained the bowls a little more in detail. I went with the traditional acai bowl with almond milk and he even upgraded to a large for free since it was my first time.  It was so good!!!!!! If this place was close to home I would literally go everyday. So impressed! Can't wait to go back! Support local!!!
5	This place is a great little place to grab something good and healthy to drink. you can pretty much customize your smoothies and Acai Bowls. First time going and I got the Traditional Regular sized Acai Bowl.   They're customer service is great and for a lil walk up and drive thru place it's great.   They even give you beef jerky for your dogs.   I plan on visiting this place a lot more so I can try some of the other things on the menu.
3	I have been to Juice 'N' Go on multiple occasions. The first time I came here I tried the acai smoothie and was upgraded to a large because it was my first time. The flavor of the smoothie was spot on but it was not as thick as I would have liked it to be. The second time I tried the acai bowl which is what they are known for. This may be the only place in Las Vegas that has acai bowls. I decided on the mini because it was just a snack. I thought the acai was too runny and I did not like that the majority of the fruit was frozen. In order for this place too be taken to the next level they need to use more fresh fruit.
5	Hands down, my favorite acai bowl in town! I order the acai bowl at most establishments that offer it and juice N go remains the best one I've ever had.
5	Oh my goodness I tried the acai bowl like everyone recommended and it was absolutely delicious. First timers get a large for regular price. Service was absolutely amazing!! I let them know it was my first time there and someone came out and helped me and he was very nice and knowledgable. I pull up to the window and the owner rang me up and he was just so dang nice and friendly. He let me know that they do call ahead orders and they have a website for their menu. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Great customer service!!! First time here and  the lady went over the menu with me. She recommended her favorite smoothie which was the chocolate, peanut butter and banana smoothie with coconut milk... Before I left she had me try it to make sure I liked it..!! Awesome place and will recommend to others!!!
5	I think I'm bias to healthy food eateries, cuz im giving this place 5 whooping stars.  Actually more like 4.5-4.8? If I was being nit picky, the drive through window is pretty far from the driver's window.  I came last week like around 10am and there was like no one here which was nice.  Ordered drive through, the guy came up to my car to take my order, very friendly and cordial, answered all my questions.  Drove up to the window and waited since they claimed that everything is done fresh and made to order.  Didn't wait too long, went with an original which came in the big plastic cups.  Got mango, pineapple blueberries and some non dairy milk cant remember.  If I can offer up a suggestion, maybe more non dairy yogurt? But all in all, was pleasantly surprised with my early morning treat and will be definitely coming back for more!
1	Unfortunately my last experience has really changed my mind about returning to this business. I was an incredibly loyal customer but now I will not be going back.    I was encouraged by their employees to download their Epoxy app. which acts as a stamp card giving you credit for purchases and then leads up to them offering you a free purchase once all of the required amount of stamps are collected.    Today I purchased a large acai bowl with mixed nuts (which is an extra charge), I large smoothie with a .99 additional ingredient, a bagel and cream cheese and a child's smoothie and peanut butter sandwich. It is advertised that kids eat free always with full purchases and that is very generous. However, I paid full price for all my other items which came out to over $20. When I presented the stamp card I was told I am not entitled to a stamp for any of my purchases due to the child's meal being "on the house" and that I can't receive "two offers at once". I was not redeeming my stamp card, I was simply requesting a stamp for the purchases I paid full price for. Also, I was never informed nor is it posted anywhere that I will not receive a stamp if kid's items are part of my purchase. Also, the "kids eat free" is permanently on the menu so I don't understand how that's a special offer.  When talking to the owner regarding the situation he told me "I'm the only one in town who is this generous.. This is as good as it gets." I was really shocked at his attitude. I have brought him business, referred so many of my friends, written positive reviews in the past and gone out of my way to check in on social media.   If you are going to have a loyalty card program... Shouldn't you be rewarding those customers who are in fact, LOYAL? I wasn't asking for anything special.. Merely a stamp on a virtual card for items I paid full price for. If you have limitations- post them clearly, verbalize them to your customers and please don't allow your ego to destroy a great customer relationship. I regret to say I won't be back. This loyal customer apparently isn't worth a .60 stamp.
5	I said I'd be back! And now that I'm back I am so happy! The food is amazing and the smoothies are so refreshing and vibrant. I love the service here and the care that they put into each and every order. My favorite drink is the lemon-limeade because as the days get hotter here what's better than some ice cold lemonade! My favorite food here is the quesadillas! They have 3 choices of cheese and a few meats to choose from! Overall a great place to go
4	I absolutely love going to this little pick me up when I'm on the go. I mainly come for the smoothies because they're always so freakin delicious and their salad is definitely not the nasty cheap iceberg lettuce throw together. Definitely some yummy veggies and a great Greek dressing. However, I did try the acai bowl and didn't love it as much as I thought I would. Granted, the first time I didn't order a sweetener with it so it was a little bland, but I really didn't enjoy the runny texture of it. It might have helped if the acai bowls were in more bowl like containers too instead of these tall cups. Other than that, this place is awesome and worth a try!
5	I love this place. So fresh and absolutely delicious!! It's a must try. I wish they were open on Sundays! I always crave an acai bowl after time in the sun. So refreshing!
5	Went for the first time today. My friend ordered 3 acai bowls while I waited in the car. The place is really small and they only do take-out. However, my acai bowl tasted A M A Z I N G!!! I'm a fruit person and I loved how all the fruits and nuts blended in together. I am seriously craving it right now as I'm typing haha. Anyone who wants to just grab something light, Juice-N-Go is the place!
5	Yumm. Got an Acai bowl, I mentioned it was my first visit and then got a large for the price of the small size. Its not in the most central location, but if you're around that area I would say to check it out at least once.
5	Absolutely impressed! First time here and they were so helpful and patient. They explained the whole menu and how everything worked. They made sure we were satisfied with our smoothies before we left and we definitely were! We will return!
5	I cant say enough about how cool this place is...I always call ahead for my lunch break and they always mange to throw in some kinda complimentary chips or tea..just makes you feel so welcomed and appreciated. The owner is very nice (and cute) and he always greets you with a smile. Kudos yall;)
5	Definitely one of my new favorite spots. I ordered a stawberry/banana/coconut water + energy boost smoothie and a turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread.  I was super impressed all for just $10. Legit food/drink + friendly service makes this place a winner
5	OMG THE BEST YOU CANNOT GO WRONG.  My husband is a meat and potato guys and is hooked now at Juice N Go!! Staff is super cool too!! Love it that it's not chain-y.!  We always have a fun time coming to the drive through and looking forward to patronizing this location. Don't compromise a thing and keep up the awesome work!
1	I was so excited to try my first acai bowl in Vegas.. But it was the most disgusting, nastiest thing I ever tasted. It seemed pre made and tasted like water. Acai bowls are suppose to be a nice pasty consistence.. This was pretty much purple water. I recommend they try banzai bowl in California and learn how to make an actually acai bowl, because this was literally crap. I would give them 0 stars if I could
5	Love coming here. Everything's so good, fresh and the guys are always nice- usually always a line but thats a good thing-you know it's good! Pitaya bowl is my favorite along with build your own wrap! I'm here usually 2 times a week!
5	Decided to give my prego belly a post work out treat! It was an easy drive-thru find, with my yelp map, and it's yellow building. If you're heading North on Rainbow, make a left on Oakey, and it will be in a little complex to your right. The menu is small, but straight to the point. I obviously went with the norm, which is their regular acai bowl. I have been craving an acai bowl for months and the countless Instagram posts I've seen from my friends, hit right on target. I also decided to get a salad ( mixed spring greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers), with no protein. Everything tasted fresh, I pretty much inhaled the acai bowl and salad. The acai bowl was refreshing, just the right amount of granola, bananas. berries, and blended acai ( slushy texture). I didn't really  have a long wait for my items as posted on Yelp, was expecting longer. I definitely be back! :-)
5	came here for the first time today after reading the reviews for best acai bowl in Vegas. never tried acai bowl before so it was double first time! I got the traditional acai bowl and I have to say it was quite delicious! I will be having it again for sure.
4	I am no expert, but the acai bowl I had here was refreshing, filling and tasty. Driving around the area during lunch and looking for something a little out of the ordinary I decided to give Juice n Go a chance. I arrived around 1230 and they were not usually at all. I went through the drive thru and decided on the large acai bowl since there is only a $1.00 different between the regular size and the large. I was surprised by how large the serving was. Lots of fruit and very fresh and filling. I wasn't sure the acai bowl would be enough for lunch, but it was the perfect serving. I can clearly make something this simple at home on my own, but let's be honest, I will be back when I'm in the area again. Yes, I am that lazy.
5	Omg the #1seller was sooo good and filling with mango n pineapple soo good most deff will b back ;*) lovely staff
5	Best acai bowls in Las Vegas,  hands down! Awesome customer service. The guy was nice enough to have us Park our car on the side because it was scoring hot that day. He walked over to deliver our acai bowls to us,  and even upgraded our acai bowls to large with no charge!
4	I love healthy simple foods, and this lil joint is my favorite hotspot when I'm around the area.Acai bowl- simply amazing. Super refreshing on hot summer days, love the way the granola stays crunchy till the end, and talk about filling! I'm certainly no lady when devouring every last drop. Veggie patty wrap- I'm not a vegetarian, but I'd order this before I order a wrap with a chicken patty. It's has a light crunch from the veggie patty and goes great with the hummus vinaigrette. Add pepper jack cheese and voila, your taste buds explode in pure orgasmic ecstasy. Quite filling as well.Vanilla frozen yogurt- creamy and delicious!I love this place! The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is due to the fact that the wait is pretty long and that it's closed on Sundays (for some reason I ALWAYS crave it on Sundays). Other than that, the staff is friendly and the food is not only delicious, but a great and healthy alternative.
5	Love it. They're open early so its a perfect stop if you're on your way out of town for some out doors. I usually have a smoothie with coconut water and the other ingredients vary. I've also had the coco water blend and it was just as delicious as the smoothie. You can taste the freshness of each ingredient. I haven't been let down so far. I think that the only difference I would really make would be maybe a suggestion board for people like me who are indecisive and can't figure out what to combine...but that can just be a personal problem on my end.
5	This place is wonderful!  Kids eat free after spending 9.99 which isn't hard at all. Best drive thru! Wonderful healthy place to get a meal and smoothie
4	I've heard so many good things about their acai bowl! For the longest time, I wasn't sure how it was pronounced and it turns out i've been saying it incorrectly! It's pronounced ah-sah-ee. YOU'RE WELCOME.The acai part of the bowl is a blend of organic acai, guarana, strawberries, and non-fat frozen yogurt and your choice of coconut milk, soy milk, or apple juice. It is topped with granola, coconut shavings, two choices of fruit, and your choice of agave nectar or honey. I ordered mine with coconut milk, mixed berries, banana, and agave nectar. The mixed berries include strawberry, blueberry, raspberries, and cranberries. I couldn't figure out what one of the berries were so it took me awhile to figure out it was cranberries. I didn't really like them in the bowl since they were too tart while everything else was sweet. I definitely suggest getting a large since it's just a dollar difference.The acai bowl was very refreshing especially on hot summer days! It did taste good but it felt like something was missing. I was expecting more. I thought it would be a thicker consistency with a lot of flavor; it was just light in flavor. i've never had an acai bowl before so I don't have anything to compare it to. I would still come back and order it again though!i'll be back to try some of the other items on the menu!
5	Ahhh. I don't know where to start. I've been constantly coming here for the past two years, and each time I come here, it's just as good as the first time. The bowls will fill you up. The acai bowl is what they're known for. It truly is the best in town. I definitely suggest the traditional for a first timer. I highly recommend the Pitaya bowl. I'm telling you.. it's just HOT PINK goodness. If you're truly indecisive of what to get, I definitely recommend half acai/half pitaya bowl. They make their entire menu to the best quality. Prices are reasonable, healthy is not so cheap nowadays.The customer service is top-of-the-line. They've thrown a few discounts and samples here and there. On one of my visits, it was a windy out. I found a piece of animal hair on top of my bowl. I did return it and they did not hesitate to make a new one. They also gave me a free bowl for my following visit. I'm a winner.Thank goodness they extended their hours 'til 8pm. I will continue to come her every so often. Juice 'N' Go is a must.
5	This place is great! Fresh healthy juices on the go and everyone is always so nice when I go there.
5	Always yummy!  very polite, and happy employees.   I am so happy you are in the process of expanding to more than one location.   :)
5	Give this place a try after searching the city for acai bowls. Amazing, will definitely be back.
5	On our drive across the country we stopped by Vegas to go climbing. We looked for a place for a yummy breakfast and this became our favourite!! Delicious fresh and healthy food and great service!!
5	The menu is enormous with different fruit, protein, bread and spread options. The menu varies from their Acai bowls to their fresh wraps. I will eventually try all of their items.I always enjoy a nice fresh acai bowl and this was the nearest place with good reviews. The place is great for express service. The menu was very clear and the person taking my order mentioned all the preparation options for their acai bowl; traditional, coconut milk, and soy milk. They made sure to offer it before starting my order. I didn't wait long for my order. I will definitely be back.
4	Always happy with the acai bowls! I have celiac disease so I can't eat any of the sandwiches or wraps but I'm happy with the bowls and never have a reaction. They even have gluten free granola which is amazing. Fresh fruit and not too sweet like jamba's. I come almost everyday (:
5	Simply amazing! So fresh and good! New location opened in centennial hills makes it even better!
5	love love love this place.   They have the best healthy snacks, and the acai bowl is to die for.   Everything is fresh, and tastes so good!
5	I am OBSESSED with Juice n go and their acai bowls!!! They're fresh made by order and simply, the best thing ever!!  Staff is always friendly and pleasant to interact with- So glad theiyre up the street from work! The only thing I dislike is that they're not open Sundays :(  Absolutely delish!!
5	This place is amazing. Most of the fruits are organic which is better than most places. I got the acai bowl and it was phenomenal and they upgraded us to large. Definitely going to return! Check them out, super quick and easy place, and great customer service!
4	I've been to this place on multiple occasions and ordered many variations of the same thing. I highly recommend making your own burger here - it's definitely a fun experience. The Acai Bowls are never going to be a bad idea, and the lemonade - heaven really... just heaven in your mouth. Personally it's a bit over priced for just to go but obviously I understand because it's more natural foods etc... and more often than not when it's lunch time the line gets incredibly long it seems and I've waited more  than 25 minutes here for food before. Occasionally you get surprised with "complimentary" chips or chocolate covered acai berries which is always a good treat and business tool they use ... makes people feel special when they use the word, complimentary haha..I wish they had more locations!!I'm on Tropicana and Decatur if you guys are taking suggestions for your next stop!!
5	I'm addicted to the acai bowl.  Fresh fruit and it tastes so good. A perfect snack.  The people working there are always friendly and courteous.  I go a couple times a week.  I haven't tried any of the food so I can't comment on that, but the smoothies and acai bowls are great.
5	This place is so yummy! I wish they had a Juice 'N' Go in the Henderson area! It looks like one of those places where you would go to get your smog check for your car or something but besides that, you gotta love this place!I came here (twice in one day) and ordered their acai bowl. (Pronounced: ahh-sah-ee) One for lunch time and I had to come back to get another for my after-work-snack! I made mine the traditional way and added strawberries, bananas and blue berries. Their organic granola and coconut shavings is what made the acai bowl. The workers are always friendly and pretty fast. I am definitely coming back to try some of their other things on the menu!
5	Amazing place for a quick and healthy meal. I stopped by for their famous Acai Bowl. I ordered a large one for $7.95 with pineapple, acai & blueberries with agave nectar. This was delicious, I was so hungry that I finished the whole bowl. The organic granola adds a great crunch to each bite. It's definitely one of the best. One negative thing about this place  is that it's drive through only so you'll have to eat the food in your car.  And it's a long drive from Henderson, they should open a location in South once they are ready to expand. It's unique food and they'll be very successful.
