4	Very cool spot, drinks are kind of pricey ($14 for a Macallan 12) but GM Scott is very helpful.
5	Make sure to come when Scott the GM is there. He's a nice standup guy who knows his stuff. The band that's playing there (def on thursdays) plays the best classic from the Rat Pack and takes request. I hope to visit the place every time i'm in town!
5	Is the best cigar shop I have found. Prices,Service and Selection were all great..
1	I've been to this place half a dozen times, largely because I had high hopes for it. We need a good cigar lounge in the area to replace the long gone Cigar Bar at the Rampart. But this place short pours the drinks. They claim to pour 1.5 ounces, but you're lucky to get enough to wet the bottom of the glass. At Onyx Bar in Red Rock they pour closer to 2 ounces for less money than this place charges for just a thimble full of booze. This has been brought to the manager's attention more than once, and they have refused to change their stingy pouring methods. (They use a 1 oz. jigger, fill it not quite to the top and call that one ounce, then fill it again to the half way point and call it half an ounce. Anyone who took high school geometry will know this is a clever way to make sure the customer gets no more than about an ounce.)Apparently people who drink scotch and cognac have noticed. We were there Tuesday night and they issued last call at 8:45 because they didn't have enough customers. What sort of cigar lounge closes at 8:45? We passed on the last call and went to Onyx just as La Casa was denying service to two more customers that had just walked in. In a blink of an eye they just lost four customers because they didn't want to stay open. This place doesn't act like it wants to be in business.If you go to this place, stick to bottled beer if you value your cash. Meanwhile, my friends and I will do our cigar and fine whiskey drinking somewhere else where you get a legitimate pour at a decent price, and they won't run you out at 9 pm.
4	Pretty relax ambience. Live music (jazzy music today). I don't smoke cigars, but the humidor looks pretty cool. Nice relaxing time with some friends.
4	Sticks are comparably priced to other shops and drinks are alright as well.  I need to give it another try as some event was happening and there was a bit too much hip hop and rap blasting from a DJ and a huge crowd for my taste.  But friends who frequent it said it's usually laid back and relaxing with more a Rat Pack soundtrack and vibe.  Nice to have a place to go enjoy a cocktail and cigar that's open later and not on the Strip.
4	We walked around Tivoli after lunch to see what's new and were to surprised to see a cigar shop. We browsed their humidor which is rather large and filled. I've never seen that many Rocky Patels before, theres a few brands I've not seen in other shops and they have their own house cigars. I don't pretend to be a expert, but I think I dabble enough to see that things I have had, they weren't hiked up crazy and were prices I was okay paying. We ended up getting something we haven't really seen elsewhere, Kristoff Original Maduro which ended up being fantastic for $10. Seriously would consider that as a good everyday. The bartender was beyond nice from the time we walked in, explaining about the place and their features. We decided to have a drink and she was more than helpful in that department and let us look at bottles and check them out and even let us sample something we haven't really seen before. We settled on Balvenie Carribean Cask which was I believe $14. She thought about little things like asking if we would want water and we wanted to sit outside. It was a bust as it was too windy where the smoke just blew in our faces so we went inside. When we were inside she asked hows the music level and if it was something we liked. Most people don't think about stuff like that. It was Top 40 pop which wasn't exactly our thing and she let the BF change the stations. It was really cool big plus for me since we were the only ones in the main room at that time. It was early so it wasn't the most bumping time. They do live music as it gets later though. Reggae Weds. ($4 martinis 6-9), Contemporary Ladies Night Thurs. ( $4 red win 6-9) , Best Jazz + Contemporary New Orleans Style Fri. , Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra Sat. (apparently cast from the show Rat Pack). Their hours are a bit flexible right now, but on nights with music sometimes they can be open rather late.I really don't hang out in cigar lounges, but this one felt comfortable enough that we decided to hang out instead of take a cigar home. I'm a fan and definitely will be back.
4	I'm not a smoker of any kind but I found this place to be rather pleasant - with the live jazz music and airy environment. Really great spot to sit and listen to music.
5	Love this place, great vibe, great wine list, great entertainment too. I am not a cigar Aficionado nor a cigarette smoker, but I still loved it...
5	Best Cigar Lounge in Vegas...
5	Highly recommended if ur in the area..
4	We paid Tivoli Village a visit for Dishcrawl's Vegas debut afterwards we went over to La Casa Cigar Lounge for a smoke and nightcap. It has a huge properly humidified humidor with a good selection that is reasonably priced. I just love the smell. I could camp out in there all night. Instead, my husband tore me away and we went out on the back patio. It was a nice place relax for an evening. Midnight came much too soon. I see more evenings there in our future. It would only be better with a good beer selection. In the meantime, wine and whiskey will do.
5	Wonderful atmosphere to have some relaxed fun with friends. The drinks were great, the service was right on, and while I don't do cigars, my friends all liked them. There was also some nice live music and a fun, yet tame crowd.
5	This is one of the coolest spots in Vegas.  I'm an avid live music fan and this place does it right, and four nights a week (Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday).   Great ambiance, nice patio, great staff.  The cigar selection is wonderful and the bar is stocked full of great scotch as well everything else you could probably think of.  The last time I went I was with a girl that was hesitant about the smoke and whether her hair would stink the next day (women), but she said its actually well ventilated and the smoke was minimal.  La Casa is definitely a place you could find me at a few times a week.
4	Great place, good music & service, awesome cigar selections (but no Macanudos :( I do find that it helps to know what you are doing when visiting the humidor, as the choice is mostly left up to you and if you are not as knowledgeable in this area you could absolutely abhor your selection and that dampens your visit a bit. Prices are pretty decent too, beers are about $7. Cigar prices vary, but it's not a smoke shop so that was no real surprise. I had a server the other night which was a bit confused, but most of my experiences here had been exceptional and I will continue to frequent this location.I did have an experience here once where a woman at a surrounding table asked me to please stop blowing smoke hear her/her table. I may have casually mentioned that although she might have not noticed, the sign did say "cigar bar" upon walking in....thought that was pretty funny.I will continue to be a regular!
2	The staff was friendly, and we got served right away; but that's where it ended. We didn't see a server again for an hour, as we sat for over half an hour with empty drinks. My cigar, that I got from their humidor, was dry and split half way through smoking it. I will never go back to this place. I was highly disappointed.
2	Fun place for hanging out with friends.  Excellent live music.  The down side. $85 for a small bottle of verve clicquot.  And to top it off it wasn't even cold, 2nd cheap wine glasses for top prices on wine.  Manager rude.  From now on, I'll bring my own liquor.
5	Such a chill place, great music almost every night! ... Oh and the staff isn't bad looking either! ;-)
2	Good variety but I did not appreciate Jennifer's condescending attitude towards me as a woman.  She assumed I was new and failed to qualify my needs until I insisted she was not showing me what I was looking for.   I don't appreciate being called baby girl and she offered to cut my cigar after i had been smoking it gir 5 minutes.   Not very attuned of her.
1	Terrible service from all of the bartenders. One mocked the great Nieve M. singer and got up onstage to sing a version of "f you" a good performance but continued to talk badly of the own performer she hired. Expensive brews for being imported and domestic. Humidor has good selections not not variety.
4	Great place! Good selection of cigars, wine, and liquor. Very friendly bar tenders. An all around splendid place to send the day.
4	Oh Gosh!  I had such a great time.  After running errands all day on Saturday I stopped in and had another great meal at Echo and Rigg and admittedly too much to drink.  I decided to walk down to the cigar bar and have something other than alcohol and check it out.First off... Hats off to "Jax".  She was fabulous.  I had never touched a cigar in my life so she helped me understand the choices and hooked me up.  I sat at the bar rather enjoying my cigar and definitely enjoying the music and crowd.Granted, I had a pretty good glow going when i walked in the door but I'm going back with friends for a second visit.  It's Vegas!  Why the heck not?  God I love this town!
5	I love coming here after a long day at work.  I am a member so the member area is great.I wish they didnt have live music all the time its too loud for when we are trying to enjoy a cigars with friends.
1	This is NOT a place for the real cigar smoker...it's basically what you might expect to find on the strip, or some tourist rip-off joint. (You know a cigar store is legit if they carry Davidoff, AND a selection off cheap, but good quality un-labeled cigars). Needless to say, this place does not qualify on those counts. Frankly, I buy my cigars online, so as to avoid getting sodomized by retailers. Cigar rapery is especially acute in vegas. The only reason I came in here was for the live music which was pretty decent. especially the cuban band. The otehr house bands are ok . Nothing great, but what do you expect for free? That's really the only thing this place has got going. In fact i started coming here regularly until i got annoyed with manager and staff. Really not the best or brightest bunch. Bitch, I was smoking gloria cuban wavells, when they were still good (circa pre-cigar afficionado mag)To summarize, this is a pretentious wannabe "cigar lounge" which caters to people who don't know cigars, and RAPES on liquor prices.
4	chill spot, smooth jazz, good cigars (doesn't break your wallet) This spot i came with my lady last time and it does not disappoint.Defiantly a place to hangout with friends and business acquaintances.
5	Having a GREAT FRIDAY night with friends that I consider family!! This Lounge has Live Music nightly. And tonight's band Rheda K's Jazz Crew is exceptional. I highly recommend this place, there's a great patio. It's comfortable inside and out.Justina is a most wonderful server that made us feel welcome and was always on top of it with speedy beverage service...Visit this place once. And you'll return!!
3	Descent selection of cigars nothing special or hard to find cigars , pretty over priced. Good ambience too hang out and enjoy a cigar and watch the game
5	I really love this place. I've been to several cigar lounges throughout Las Vegas and this one is my favorite. Its super class  with super comfy seating. The regulars have a certain way about them. Very pleasant and mindful people.The staff os great. They are attentive but never in the way or obnoxious. La Casa has live music outside which is awesome! I just love the ambience that they provide. I also love their espresso and selection of cigars. I recommend the Arturo Fuente cigar. By far my favorite.
4	Nice spot to hang out and enjoy a premium smoke and coffee. The Tivoli Shops were great for my wife and an hour relaxing in Casa was a nice reward for me. Selection in the humidor was ample, surroundings were very nice and upscale. The house cigar brand was a bit weak but plenty of nice smokes to choose from. All in all, Casa was a nice place and I'd go back again. It's worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood.
2	A dead bar should have drink specials. At one point we were 2 of only 10 paying customers present. Paid $41 for 2 beers and 2 stingy pours of a house wine. I'd say that's on the pricey side, being 10 miles from the Strip and all.One could argue, well "Maybe they're a high-end bar?" Well, what high-end bartender with fewer than 10 customers forgets what you ordered when you ask for another round less than 30 minutes later? This one. She forgot. We had to tell her. This almost never happens in Vegas, where the service industry pros typically outperform.Needless to say, it being a 'cigar bar', we could smell La Casa from 500+ feet away. Those who weren't smoking cigars were smoking cigarettes. So, if you are disenchanted by tobacco smoke (like most folks), steer clear from here :)Went only because some friends of friends were going. Bad call - should've known.
5	I am an avid cigar smoker and I travel regularly. During my travels, I find myself always visiting a local cigar lounge. It is natural for me now. I was in Vegas a few months ago and I stumbled upon this lounge. I fell in love with it right away. It is tucked away in a very nice complex that is on the higher end. I found parking to be easy accessible and I went up to the lounge. Walked in and was greeted by the manager Jax. She took me to the humidor and offered to help me pick some cigars. We chatted a bit and then she left me to decide on a cigar and said to ask her if I needed anything. She was not pushy and was just helpful enough that if you needed it, you didn't mind to ask her for it and if you did not need it, it was not annoying to you. I browsed the selection and set my sights on some javas, which is my guilty pleasure cigar and a limited edition kristoff. After I made my choices, Jax had another woman cut the cigars for me and light them for me! Then they gave me a drink menu and gave me the same option of help if needed. I ordered some whiskey and grabbed a seat at the bar. I spent hours there listening to the local jazz band and just enjoying my cigars and drinks. Yes, it is on the pricey side but I felt it was worth it. There were many lawyers, business owners, etc in there. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. I ended up going in every night during my time in vegas. Then I came back to vegas a few months later and went there the night I was in. I had another good time and sat outside that time. Everything was the same as before and I had a great time again.
5	Great amenities for a cigar bar.  Its buried in Tivoli, but worth the stroll to find it.  Great chairs great bar, nice selection.  Relaxing. 5 star relaxing for the man caver in you.
5	Great cigars, drinks and live music in the amazing Tivoli Village.  An after-dinner joint,  Jax keeps things smoking and the talent she books will have you truly appreciating this new golden era of Las Vegas Jazz singers, latin music and more.  Nicely dressed, diverse crowd and tables inside or outside.  Not for those who can't handle cigar smoke, of course.
4	We were next door having dinner and finally had our first cool evening in months. Walked over and were greeted by exceptionally friendly staff. I went into the humidor and not a huge selection, but all the best sellers I'm sure. I picked 3 stogies and we all sat outside and had a wonderful time smoking and listening to the Jazz band. The place is worth the stop.
5	One the the best, if not the best cigar bar I've found here in Vegas...I just relocated here from Chicago on July 1st, and I was very home sick until I found La Casa............It feels like my cigar bar back home....Service was great, drinks were great and the atmosphere was beautiful.....
5	I always try to write very honest reviews, and I can't pretend to know much about cigar lounges except for what I've seen in the movies. That being said, this place was exactly what I feel a cigar lounge should be.The atmosphere was wonderfully set with dim lighting and the smell of cigar smoke in the air, and the plush and luxurious leather chairs along with the wonderful wall decor really pulled everything together.  Even though the environment felt like a place reserved for men, the audience was pleasantly diverse, with some couples (including my wife and I) and a couple of girls. We also got a nice surprise at 9pm with a live jazz band, and stayed well into the night.We'll definitely be back here again!
5	I really liked this place!  We thought the band was going play blues, but they did more than blues.  But when we walked in we were greeted, and the waitress found us seats.  My husband is into cigars, so that's another reason we went.  So we ordered drinks, and the waitress said to tell "Jax" in the cigar store, what he was drinking, so she could pair the cigar with his drink!  My husband said he loved the combo.  Ohhhh yes, you can smoke in there, so if you have a problem with smoke, you might not want to go here.  But it was nice, the chairs, are leather, and there like chill chairs! A couple of the band members came over at chit chatted with us during there breaks.  The singer in the group, I think her name is Jessica, she likes to interact with the crowd while she's preforming.  It's a really nice classy club.  You can dress up or were some jeans and a tee shirt.  I'm so glad I found some spots wear grown folks hang out!Ohhh only 1 bad thing!  There's only 1 bathroom, yes we have to share, even with the men!  uggggg, I had to put the seat down!  So don't wait til your about to pee yo pants, cause you might have a wait!
5	This is a great little spot in Tivoli Village for grabbing a cigar and some scotch.  I've been here on several occasions and enjoyed myself each time.  They have a solid humidor with a diverse selection and Jaxx, the manager, is more than happy to lend some advice depending on what kind of smoke you're looking for.  What sets this place apart, though, is the live music.  It's such a nice added element and truly rounds out the entire experience, plus it's nice to see some local musicians showing off their talents.  We need more places in Vegas like this!Very Cool.
4	My fiance and I love this place. The only downside is when the live band comes on it is almost obnoxiously loud and we could hardly have a conversation anymore. I would recommend the espresso martini here, one of my favorite around town!
