5	We just became members of the Edgewood Club for their family-friendly pool.  Their facilities are very well kept, and our kids love it!  They have two pools, one that is large for bigger kids and adults, and another good-sized wading pool for the young ones.  They also have beautifully groomed tennis courts, food concessions (decent selection of food cooked on-site) and banquet facilities.   One of the best quirky features of this place is that it also contains a public library!The membership fee is well worth the price for this excellent local resource.
4	A couple times a month there is a swing dance at Edgewood on Sundays. Frequently featuring a live band, there is a small cover charge (cash only) and a friendly atmosphere. The level of the dancers attending can be hit or miss but its a relaxing sunday evening. There is an area with tables, chairs and a snack table with beverages for an additional donation fee. The parking can be difficult (it is a residential area), so it would be smart to try to get there early. I believe they also have a dance lesson for beginners before the dance starts run by a group called Coal Country Traditions which is a Pittsburgh based group of older dancers that do swing dancing as well as folk dancing of different sorts, there always have pamphlets at the dance in regards to other dances and events going on within the city at a table in the back of the dance.
4	We just joined today and were completely stoked by the experience. This place is more of a "community neighborhood club" than a country club and the staff is super friendly and chill. Yes, I tend to avoid places chock full of sugar induced children and I was happy to hear that there is an "adult swim" every 15 mins. Yeah it a tad pricey, but we just couldn't beat having a very large, clean pool within walking distance from our house. AND there is a library attached so you can easily choose a book to read in the sun. I hear there is a byob BBQ on some Fridays and you can bring your dog once month. And they have a Slush Puppy machine in the snack bar! We are fans.
5	We have been members for six years now. we love the pool for ourselves and our kids ages 13 and 9. The snack bar is great for those evenings that we just don't want to make dinner.By far our favorite part of the Edgewood Club is Friday Nights. BYOB (Only time alcohol is allowed), Kids bring floats, the pool stays open later, and the snack bar offers different foods from gourmet barbecue to tuna steaks. They also do theme nights. Friday nights at the Edgewood Club are always a blast.Let us not forget the end of year doggie swim. The very last swim of the entire year is taken by man's best friend. That's always fun.We've been to many functions and have held our own in the clubs banquet facilities and it's a lovely place for large events. We highly recommend it for pool, tennis, swimming and loads of fun.
