5	First things first, let me admit that I would be highly tempted to give an extremely bad review to this business, simply to keep this GEM to myself. However, it would be impossible for me to do so, not only because Christmas time is near (and X-Mas is a time to share), but also because everything about this tea lounge makes me all warm inside. They have a very large selection of white, green, black, Wulong, Herbal, Flower teas, as well as Pu'er, Rooibos and Mate. Whether you like your tea pure and simple, sweet and fruity, bitter, or tangy, they have an option for you. Aside from having a ginormous assortment of beverages, they also offer a wide selection of pastries: Cupcakes, macaroons, name them! (not to mention that they are de-li-cious!)Last time I visited, I tried the Long Island Strawberry Green Tea, which was delightful, as the bitterness of the green tea balanced perfectly the sweetness of the strawberries. A friend of mine tried the Kyoto Cherry Green Tea (which is apparently one of their most popular teas), and she seemed to have enjoyed it just as much. I also decided to give their macaroons a try: I ordered three, i.e. Salty Caramel, Latte and Maple, and they all tasted very good. Love this place!
4	Ginger Mango Black Tea, oh so refreshing!I love how they make all the tea from scratch when order and no sugar is added!Salon de the Chai Tea Lounge is such a nice surprise. Friendly staff, chill and cozy environment and of course tasty beverage!Highly recommended if you are in the area!
3	Great selection of teas and tea lattes. Tried both the scones and cupcakes, which were lovely. The place is small, and many students come here to study, which means it can be hard to find a table or place to sit. A little pricey for a regular thing, but overall super cute cafe.
4	Location: Parc Avenue above Sherbrooke. You can easily walk from downtown in about 10 minutes, depending on where you're walking from. The place: I quite liked the space - it's very spacious with high ceilings and neutral colors. It felt very Zen, which of course, I like. Great music, too, which is key because I can't hang out in a place with sh*tty music. They have a great leather couch that we took possession of, as well as leather armchairs and your standard tables. The couch is definitely prime real estate. Service: Good - the girl behind the counter was friendly and patiently waited for us to decide what kind of tea we wanted. Once we made up our minds, we paid, went to sit down and waited for her to bring us our pot in a nice little tray with two pretty cups. No complaints here!The tea: They have a huge selection so I can't imagine a person not finding at least one tea that they like. I was feeling lazy so asked the clerk for a recommendation - something to help with digestion. Upon her suggestion, I opted for an herbal blend that turned out to be amazingly delicious. When I asked, the clerk told me that most of their teas were from Camellia Sinensis, though I'm not sure the herbal blends are because I couldn't find mine on the C-S web site (EnerTea). The perks: If you've read my reviews for Point G and Les Glaceurs, you know that I am a HUGE fan of macarons and Red Velvet cupcakes.  I was positively delighted to find that Chai carries both brands - SCORE! The clerk did tell me that they buy the cupcakes in bulk and freeze them which I tend to dislike, but the mini cupcake that I had was just as good as buying it directly from Les Glaceurs so it passed the test. I would image that they also buy the macarons in bulk and freeze these as well, but I forgot to ask. They offer a combo that includes a pot of tea + 2 macarons for around $7-8, or you can buy a box of macarons (different format - you pick the flavors) which ranges in price from $9.75 for six, and upward.  Free refills on your pot of tea. Price: Pretty darn good. A pot of tea with free refills is about $5.
3	The cupcakes served at this place were amazing - appropriately small for the dense caloric content of the ingredients and simply wonderful.  I would recommend the cookies/cream (oreo) cupcake.  The tea itself I surprisingly found lacking.  I had one of the tea lattes and found the flavor of the tea to be watered down, perhaps it was not steeped appropriately like a chai to concentrate the flavor?
5	Wonderful selection of sweet goodies, amazing tea, and good atmosphere. The matcha lattes are delicious and frothy. Although it can be quite loud at times, Chai is one of my favorite places to study. Too bad getting a seat can be difficult during exam season. I love to go at night when it's pretty empty.
