5	Finally, a perfect car wash place!  Seriously, I think this is as good as it gets.  You don't have to make small talks with the attendants, the wash is great, and it's a good price for what you get.  As you drive in, the first thing you see is the clear list of services.  I got the basic which is $12.99.  You receive the receipt from the attendant and pay inside.The whole process is automated BUT after the soap is sprayed onto the car, the washing part is 100% manual = HAND WASH.  Then the soap is washed off with automated water sprays.  When the car comes out, the wipe off, interior cleaning and window wipe is 100% manual again.  The whole process takes about 15min or so but it is soooo worth it.While I was there, I saw BMW, Mercedes Mclaren and Porsche...which is a totally good sign b/c it is obvious that these people care very much about their cars.*Location = ok*Service = it is very much to the point.  very quick.*Process = very good.  precise hand washing + quick automated process  *Price = totally worth it
5	Ok, I thought that all Arizona Auto Wash locations are the same.  But it's NOT.  After going to another location, I've found out that this is one of the few places that literally do hand wash.  It does not do special deals like $10 basic wash but that extra $2 is totally worth it.  If you care about your car, go here!
4	Wow....it looks like I'm the only one who likes this place...I went here today too and it did make me drop one star for how awkward they made me feel.  But I'm still giving 4 stars for the fact that they did a really good job washing/cleaning my car.  When I drove up, 4 guys were just standing there staring the whole time.  The guy who came up to take the order was really rude.  When he asked me a question, I couldn't understand him because of his accent so I said "I'm sorry?"  and his response was "yes or no."  I just said no since I didn't wanna ask anymore.  Now, I always get the most basic $12.99 car wash and maybe that's why I'm satisfied every time.....or maybe my standards for a car wash place is lower than most people?!?.....I have no idea.
4	I love this car wash because it is done by hand and they take the time to wash your car, not rush you thru like the other machine car washes.. I have always been happy here and I drive over 10 miles just to go to this place... Plus, there is never a wait!!! SCORE...
2	I was rather disappointed with my wash on July 1st, 2012. When I arrived there was nobody to greet me so I hung about for a few minutes. I then noticed the greeter guy was sitting in his car parked between the vacuum area and the actual car wash. He eventually spotted me and came out. (As a plus, I appreciate that he did NOT try to up-sell me from the basic wash.)What I didn't realize at the time is that the basic wash does not apparently include a thorough vacuum,, but merely a cursory one. He missed tons of bits on the front seat floor and sides of the seats and didn't bother vacuuming the back of my car at all. I see from another reviewer that the "hand wash" is a benefit and I agree. But when I was there I assumed that the automatic soap/foam application stage was broken down since no soap actually came out of the two towers. Instead, two guys were sloshing soapy water from buckets, one of which completely missed the right rear side of my car. When I went to the dry/finish area of the car wash I noticed that the protective sun awnings were torn completely down, leaving nothing but a few tacky looking, flapping tatters. This wasn't just an aesthetic problem; it effectively exposes both customers and employees to the Arizona sun AND the possibility of water evaporating into spots before the car could be effectively hand dried. I asked one of the finish attendants what she was spraying on my new wax job and she said "Windex." I am not sure if ammonia is the best thing to wipe all over a car's painted finish, but I guess I should leave that to the experts. Lastly, the interior of my car behind the seats was left as dusty and dirty as when I pulled in. I think I will be seeking a new provider for my car washes.
4	Busy place, if there are a few cars ahead of you, expect to wait at least 30 mins or more. However, the staff is friendly and do a really good job.  My van was filthy, and they took the time to do a really good job. I only got the basic package, but was really impressed.  They offer two patios, one where you watch them vacuum, the other you have to walk around to, where they hand dry and polish your windows.There is also free wi-fi which is a bonus.
