5	Ahh I LOVE Ted Baker.Great clothes and accessories, fun and courteous staff, all and all a great shopping experience. I need to lose weight to fit into more of their clothes but at least I can still buy their accessories. My boyfriend also loves this store, great suits and shirts. This is definitely a trendy place to shop but they have a ton of classic items that are fine for multiple seasons. They are right next door to Barney's and use their tailoring service. Keep in mind Nordstrom has a deal with Ted Baker so some items are less expensive at Nordstrom than this store -- but it's not much, like $10-$20.
5	".....on one hand, I'll be dressed well.  On the other hand, my bank account will suffer."  These were exactly my thoughts when I realized there was a Ted Baker less than 10 minutes from my new home.While Burberry and Paul Smith may get all the press amongst British Designers, for my long/thin body type the only clothing I've found that fits better and lasts longer than Ted Baker is Armani and considering the price difference I could buy 2-3 Ted Baker Archive Shirts for the price of one from Armani.  While I must say I wish Ted's Mens Shoes were a little more comfortable that is a small quibble when everything else fits so well and the sales are frequently so good.  I see a lot of this store in my future.
5	The. Love. Of. My. Life. Ted Baker is my absolute favorite designer and this is my very favorite place to shop when I'm feeling indulgent. Other than the quality clothing, the customer service is amazing. Easily the best customer service I have ever experienced anywhere ever. It's like we're right at home when we stop in, even if we aren't looking to buy anything at all. The people who work here always remember us and can even remember the conversations we've had in the past. It's not like we live here or anything, we come maybe once a month if that. Now, the variety is more limited than, say, the San Francisco location, but we still prefer the one in Scottsdale because of the amazing people who work there. Ted Baker, you make me so so happy!
5	Awesome. Needed a last minute shirt for a wedding I just traveled 1800 miles for and this gem in Scottsdale provided the materials. Quality threads, great selection, and Damn do I look good in them.
4	Overpriced clothing but I still love looking around in here.  If things were not so ridiculously expensive for basic things, I would shop here more often.  Great taste in clothing!
5	I have never shopped at Ted Baker despite how badly I've always wanted to but over this last weekend I had a wonderful experience with the Scottsdale AZ location. I had the opportunity to style an editorial photo shoot for a magazine and pulled product from their store. This was the very first time I've ever styled a shoot with expensive high-end product and lets just say I was a little nervous. The manager Anthony was great at helping me understand the process of everything and made me feel comfortable about the transaction. It was a seamless and fun experience. I'm always a fan of good customer service and you will definitely get that if you shop at this location! Plus, the clothes are jaw dropping. I want everything.
4	I love Ted Baker as well simply because they fit my body perfectly. The only downside to this store is that they hardly have any sizes below 3. I am a size 1 and whenever I go in, they are always out. The TB dressing rooms are so cute
4	Hip staff and nice updated collection. We went shopping the whole day and went back to Ted Baker at the end of the day. The staff didn't mind us trying on dresses for fun!
2	Great clothes! Love their merchandise, but sadly was not greeted or offered help once while I was in there. The workers stood at register and chatted..so I walked out.
