4	Rounding up to 4 stars...After a recent food-fest of brunch overindulgence at the Wandering Horse Buffet, in an effort to 'walk it off' we took a tour of the recently-opened Spa at the Talking Stick resort. The shiny new facility looked like a great place to take my mom during her upcoming Thanksgiving visit, so I decided then and there to make massage appointments. After all, what better way to prepare for a day of eating than to have a relaxing massage? Even better, for making the appointments that day, I received a 20% discount - yay! Jump to the day before Thanksgiving and I am more than ready for some pampering and relaxation. Located on the 14th floor, the Spa is a tranquil space with floor-to-ceiling windows offering amazing views. The locker room overlooks a golf course and some beautiful mountains that I wish I could name, but can't. Even the whirlpool and showers have expansive views (oh I hope that was one-way glass!). We both had 90-minute massages - I had the Therapeutic Deep Tissue, and my mom had the Simply Swedish.  We both emerged relaxed and refreshed - and that is the whole point, right? While we really enjoyed our visit, there is room for improvement.  I like to receive a confirmation on the day before spa appointments, and this didn't happen.  At the spa itself, the dressing/sink area did not have the standard toiletries that are usually present at a spa (Q-tips, hair products, facial moisturizer). Also, the only available water was in the 'quiet room' where guests wait for their appointments. It would have been nice to have a water/fruit station next to the whirlpool and sauna area.  Are any of these things deal-breakers?  No, but I think a few small changes will make the experience even better.
3	I love to take advantage of Spa Week to try new spas and this year my selection was The Spa at Talking Stick. I went back and forth between 3 and 4 stars and wish I could do 3.5. As a couple other reviews have stated, a couple changes could bump it up. The positives: - The Swedish massage itself was great. - The outcome of the pedicure was great (yay for purple Easter toes!). - I loved the results of the Shellac manicure. - The staff was very, very nice! - The staff went out of their way to help - I didn't like anything on the Spa lunch menu and they basically told me to tell them what I wanted and they'd make it. - Yummy strawberry smoothie. - The lockers are key-less (you create a code) so you don't have to carry around a key. - The VIEWS ARE AMAZING. Absolutely breathtaking. The coolest part was laying on the balcony overlooking Scottsdale. Also, taking a shower with a wide open look of the Valley. The negatives: - I wish there was a private Spa entrance. I dislike casinos and walking through a cigarette cloud to a Spa day is yucky. - There is not a private Spa pool. - It is not easy to get ready after services - there are no places to sit in front of mirrors and there are no Q-tips, etc. In fact, I finished getting ready in my car, where I dropped my eyeliner, it smudged all over my pants and I was looking silly at the birthday party I went to after. - The mani/pedi didn't have a massage component. To recap, beautiful views are unparalleled. I can't wait to try Orange Sky at Sunset. If I was staying in the hotel, I would be lucky to visit the Spa. Since I didn't really like the whole casino thing, I probably will stick to Camelback Inn (surprise, surprise).
3	My friend and I stayed at the resort for the weekend and wanted to take a break so we booked manicures. We both loved the ladies that did our manicures. The view was beautiful and made me remember how pretty Phoenix is. I was a little disappointed in the front desk and lack of professionalism. They told us to get there 15 minutes early and when we did the front desk people acted annoyed we were there early. Also both ladies were chomping on their gum and one lady came into the room we were getting our nails done at to do her hair. Overall I loved the manicures, but for a $45 manicure I would like the entire staff to be more professional.
5	Four words... deep tissue with Randall!
4	I went for a Desert Lavender Massage and it was very nice. They were having a good deal, $89 for 50 minutes. We were really looking forward to spending the day at the spa after our treatments, The whirlpool was really nice and the steam room was a little suffocating. The views from the spa and the showers in the spa were amazing. My massage was very thorough and I would definitely go back. My only complaint is that the lobby where you first walk in is not very tranquil. There were some conversations going on between the receptionists that I found a little inappropriate and I didn't like what we walked into.
4	Facial was good, message was average...although the scented oils were phenomenal smelling, nice key code lockers (what a pain it would have been to keep track of a key during spa day) , cucumber water and trail mix between sessions, breathtaking view. They DO not do acrylic nails :( other than that...lovely, but iv had better. The real gem of the talking stick is the roof top restaurant Orange Sky! Go at night, you will LOVE it!
5	We just visited this spa for my mother's 60th birthday and had an amazing time! My mom was able to get a 60 min swedish massage for $89 as part of a Birthday promotion and everyone that came with her got 20% off any service, what a deal! The spa itself was very clean, the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the massages were to die for. The aroma candles and lotion smelled amazing and they really focused on the areas requested. They also gave us a tour of the place to start and made us feel very at home. It had a nice sauna and jacuzzi and the showers had a wonderful view of the golf course. I am not sure why the previous reviewer said  there was no place to get ready as they had 6 sinks with mirrors, hairspray, qtips, hair dryers, brushes, curling irons, mouth wash etc. We were all able to take showers and get fully ready with everything they provided. I was hesitant to go based on that review so rest assured that they do have everything you need to get ready for the day! Overall a great girls day at the spa!
4	My boyfriend surprised me with two night at TSR for our anniversary and part of the fun was a couples massage at the spa. After having looked at the pictures on their website, I was pretty excited and looking forward to the trip. I will say while the whole hotel experience was okay, the spa was my favorite part! My boyfriend booked a couples massage for us and we checked in at the requested 30 minutes early before our treatment. The front desk staff was friendly and we were given a tour of the facility independently since the men and women's area's are seperate. The whole area was nice with a changing area, 4 individual showers that looked out over the golf course, a steam sauna and a big hot tub. The overall feel of the spa was tranquil and very spa like. The amenities of shower gel, shampoo and hair products seemed plentiful and you could have easily gotten ready here had you brought your makeup if you had somewhere to go afterwards. You are given your own locker and a robe and slippers to change into. I would recommend bringing your bathing suit to use in the hot tub and steam room! I was able to meet up with my boyfriend in the couples lounge area in the back of the spa where they had nice loungers and magazines as we waited for our therapists. We only had to wait a few minutes before they arrived and they both were very friendly. My therapist was Dawn and she asked the usual questions about where I would like her to focus on and explained everything that would go on during my desert lavender massage. The treatment room was dimly lit and there was a big Jacuzzi tub in the corner and two massage tables set up next to each other. The music through out the massage was the typical spa stuff you hear at most places and thankfully the massage oil used wasn't overly lavender. I'm not a huge fan of the scent so it was nice to not be covered in it. Dawn's technique was great and actually having just had a great massage the week prior, I'd say this one was right up there at the top though it was a bit routine. She did seem to work on my neck and shoulders and later told me there were some knots in there (from the pillows at the resort!) and overall did a nice job. The hot towels wrapped around my hands and feet at the end was a favorite part. The pima cotton balls she used to lightly go over my body was a nice, a definite unique touch but I can't say did anything for my skin as their website promised. My boyfriend had the deep tissue massage and said it was incredible. He almost lost his balance a few times leaving the room post massage because he was so relaxed! LOLWe were able to enjoy the back patio of the spa all to ourselves which was really nice. It overlooked the golf course and driving range and behind the chairs were walls with cascading waterfalls.  It was super relaxing and great to sit out and enjoy the relaxation from the massage. It was slightly flawed by several very long, dark hairs that were on my boyfriends chair when we sat down. The loungers are covered by a terry cloth towel and  I'm not sure how often they change those but it should definitely be a little more often. We also had the Orange Sky patio on the 15th floor, one floor above us, and had some restaurant patrons out enjoying the patio as well so you could hear them. We ordered a cocktail and even though it took probably 15-20 minutes to arrive, it didn't matter because the view was so great and we were super relaxed.Before leaving I did take a shower in one of the showers and used their really good smelling body wash. Overlooking the golf course with the nicely decorated facilites was also a highlight of the day. Overall, I would love to come back here and spend a few hours using the facilities and enjoy another massage.
1	I would not recommend for the mani/pedi spa week special $50. The receptionist was unprofessional, no offering of touring spa, robe, water etc. the manicure was a 10 mn nail and cuticle, no hand or arm massage. Pedicure was no means a spa caliber, mediocre to say the least. I am used the quality of spa services being superb. Don't waste your $ . Go to one of the other local spas offering services for spa week. In addition you must walk thur the smoke filled casino to get to the spa!!!!
2	Will never go back, again! My mother-in-law & I visited the spa during "Spa Week." She had a massage and I had a facial. WORST facial ever. Not only did she not clean my face, but she rushed through the entire treatment and finished 12 minutes early. My skin did not feel any different the next day. My mother in law said that her massage was just okay. They do not do deep tissue and it's more of a light pressure massage. Go somewhere else!!
4	Summer specials here are awesome.  Spa is away from pool and has coed balcony to relax before or after massage.  The spa isn't huge but has all the necessary things to be spa like wet steam, hot tub, quiet room, and you can easily get ready after your treatment.   Sheryl was a fantastic esthetician and the body polish is like a body facial. ... I had lemon grass and it was amazing but if you don't like that scent make sure you tell them.  Truly one of the best treatments I have ever had. My only knock is the coed quiet room had dirty dishes left from someone's lunch before and after my treatment... that's a  bit too long. Overall, I look forward to visiting again.
4	Locals: GET HERE!  I think the $89 special for a massage and the use of the spa facilities was well worth it, even more so if you are lucky enough to receive your massage from Chris/Kris.  She's awesome!
5	My mom and I went to The Talking Stick Spa today to celebrate her 50th birthday. We live here locally in AZ so they have a locals special going on right now until the end of September. It's 89$ and you get your choice of a massage, facial, or body polish. We both chose massages and they were outstanding! My masseuse was Maria and my mom had Andrea. I would highly recommend them. After massages we relaxed in the big jacuzzi they have in the locker room which was awesome. The views from all parts of the spa cant be beat. We will most definitely be going back!
3	For some reason, Talking Stick has been sending me "free night" stays for the whole summer, so we have been able to enjoy regular staycations for the past 4 months. This past weekend I decided to finally give the spa a shot, taking advantage of their "Luxury for Locals" deal that they have going on for the summer (through Sept 30). I get massages regularly and have always been hesitant to go to hotel spas for the services as I have not had great experiences in the past. They seem to be overpriced and never as good as I want. But, with the free room and summer deal, I figured why not! I chose to get their Simply Essential Massage and add on the Summer Shine Body Polish.The reception area didn't impress me too much. I like to have a calming atmosphere right when I go into a spa, but I was greeted with rock music and tacky products placed all over for sale. The shirts they were selling have that cheesy "bachelorette party" feel and I wasn't a fan of being overwhelmed with cheap jewelry and products right when walking in. The staff is friendly and quick to take you on the tour of the area, so that was a positive.   I have always loved the clean, modern, and calm feel of the rooms at the Talking Stick. The spa decor is exactly the same - lots of rich, dark browns contrasted with lighter hues to provide a calming environment. The spa has all the typical amenities you would expect for a resort spa: changing room, lockers, fluffy robes & slippers, dressing area, jacuzzi, steam room, and relaxation area. All areas were clean and decorated nicely. I didn't come early enough to do a ton of relaxing beforehand, but got to explore the area enough.I got my massage from Bernadette, and was very pleased with the quality of the session. I was worried that since it was a traditional Swedish massage that she wouldn't get into my muscles as much as I wanted, but she did a really nice job of combining relaxation and some muscle work. The sheets on the table were AMAZING...I honestly felt like I was floating because of how soft and silky they were.  The body polish was an interesting experience. It's basically a full body exfoliation using a sugar scrub, followed by rinsing off in the shower, then full body application of a body butter. It felt good, but I would probably opt for a facial or pedicure in lieu of it next time. The biggest negative during the treatment was again, the MUSIC! I hated the music they played. It was weird and not relaxing at all...kind of like a combination of elevator music and new age trance or something. The only other minor issue is that the massage was scheduled for 60 minutes and the body polish was supposed to be a 45 minute treatment, but in total I was only in there for 90 minutes, so I'm not sure what happened to the extra 15 minutes.All in all it was a good experience. I would come back for their specials, and would rank this on the higher end of resort spas.
3	My husband and I treated ourselves to a weekend at TSR to celebrate our 1 yr wedding anniversary. We also treated ourselves to some Fall Specials at the TSR Spa. I got a facial and a mani/pedi and he got the Swedish massage.We arrived a 1/2 hr early as they suggested. The receptionist was welcoming and checked us in. We both got tour guides of the facility. I thought the women's locker room was pretty nice. The views were spectacular. Showers overlooked a little oasis in the desert and they offer a whirlpool, sauna, & steam room which I regretfully didn't endulge in. My tour guide showed me how to set my code for my locker (keyless- which is a bonus) and gave me a robe and my shoes. I was a bit concerned because I'm plus-size and got a nice robe that fit properly. I went to the waiting area and enjoyed a glass of cucumber water and read the latest People magazine until my facial appointment. I have only had 2 facials (including thise one) so I don't really have a lot of experience to compare them to). I got the "special" facial which I was told was OK but I might consider getting a different kind for my skin next time. My skin was left feeling smooth and soft; and I enjoyed the steam bath. I have super sensitive skin and infromed my aesthecian who used stuff for skin with rosacea. Later that evening my husband said my right side of my face was swollen and this morning I awoke to a red face. Looks like I got some sun this weekend but I didn't.The mani/pedi was nothing spectacular. I did buy some of the scrub she used on my hands and legs because that smelled wonderful and felt nice. But I have had better mani/pedis at my regular nail salon that costs me $40 for both of them combined.  I was disappointed they didn't have a massage chair but lost myself in the spectacular view.  I probably wouldn't spend my money here on a mani/pedi again. I also didn't like having the gratuities automatically added on to my bill. I feel like this isn't motivation to provide good service.
4	The Spa has a birthday special but you must go on your actual birthday.  A reduced cost massage for you and a 15% discount for your partner or friend.  My daughter and I took advantage of the special.  The only I regret is that we just scheduled time for the massage and didn't have time to take advantage of all the Spa has to offer - exercise room, jacuzzi, steam room, showers with a view, relaxation room, food and drink.  Next time we are going to set aside several hours for the experience.
3	I loved the modern feel of the facility. I love the on top of the world feeling of where the spa is located. I loved the amenities. I even loved my massage with my massage therapist. But you know how the saying goes, the receptionist is the business's first impression and their last impression. And the day I was there, the receptionist working just wasn't that warm and friendly. In fact, she made me feel like I was imposing on HER time when I checked in and out. I think I interrupted her from filing her nails. Yup, I kid you not. Then when I took my time enjoying the amenities, she madero feel like I was overstaying my welcome. Like it was HER spa. All very weird. Even now as I  writing the review I can recall the feeling of unwelcome she made me feel the day I was there. The other thing I didn't enjoy was there was no spa pool. The only pool is the hotel pool. And it's outside, on the ground floor. You have to take the elevator down and and outside. How nice it would be if there was a spa pool on the roof was part of the outdoor roof patio!!!Plus I think I ended up paying $16 for a glass of champagne I had there. I think it was cost plus 20% facility charge plus 20% service charge. It might not have been $16- whatever the amount it was down right expensive. I really do love the facility and will not rule out going again if I can be assured of a warm and welcoming receptionist. And no, I will not be ordering champagne again. Their cucumber water will be just fine thank you!
4	I've been meaning to write this review for about 6 months now, there is no time like the present.Spa Week comes around twice a year to the "Valley of the Spa, er, um, Sun".  We are blessed to have so many world class facilities to choose from when deciding on a spa day or just a massage.  I've been in the Spa industry for eleven years now and as a Licensed Massage Therapist, it is important for me to maintain good health.  That's how I view most massages, as maintenance, not a luxury or pampering.  Although most people would differ from my opinion, massages are essential for good health.Each visit to the Spa at Talking Stick has been good, very good, not great though.  I agree with many of the other reviewers here on Yelp, the Spa entrance ought to separate from the casino.  The first time that I visited, finding the Spa entrance was challenging and odd; walking through a smoky, loud casino floor is not the way to calm the mind and to relax.  After taking the correct set of elevators and arriving at the Spa, the reception area is modest and practical.  The front desk is knowledgeable and friendly, each of the 3 times that I've been, making sure that an attendant from the Men's Locker Room is there to great me.  As a "Spa Dude", I'm a big fan of the large showers, great desert views and openness that is part of the space design here.  Also, if you time it well, you can have the locker room and wet area All To Yourself!  Almost like a private spa retreat!The massage therapist here are a talented group, they've been hired because of the intuitive touch, caring demeanor and for being experts in their craft.   With that said, we all have our days that we are off.  Please be kind and patient if you visit on a busy Saturday or Sunday during Spa Week.  I can only imagine how hectic it is in the Women's Locker Room during these 2 weeks every year ( April & October).The Spa at Talking Stick also offers great specials & offers to locals year round.  Visit their website to the see the latest ones prior to scheduling.  I will return again and savor the lounging deck (with views of Four Peaks and the Superstition Mountains) just off of the hallway near the co-ed relaxation area, It is the perfect place to chill and to be at one.
5	I have been to this spa at least 5 times in the last year.  I live locally and bring everyone who comes to town to visit.  This weekend I brought my sister and her friend who were in town to run the marathon.  We all had massages in the afternoon.  My sister and her friend were very impressed that the spa was as nice as I had described.  It is a terrific place to relax and enjoy a quiet day away from the stresses of daily life.  I usually spend 1-2 hours before and after my massage working out, enjoying the steam room (with cold cloths for your face!), hot tub, ordering a bite to eat and a drink, and simply marveling in the view from the balcony. The soft water sound from the fountains and a cool breeze, I could nap there for hours and it would be worth the spa experience.The masseurs are always professional and do a great job.  I've had once facial there and it was very good as well.  I appreciate they provide everything you need to shower and dress up to go downstairs and have dinner or play in the casino without having to book a room at the resort.My only negative comment is that the front desk staff is less than friendly and often "missing" when you get there.  I think the first impression is not a good one.  I have found that this is typical here and the rest of the staff makes up for it but it would be a good idea to hire some higher quality employees at the front desk.There are a lot of great employees throughout the resort, perhaps the front desk at the spa should be a promotion opportunity?
3	The spa services are very nice. I got a really nice massage. The jacuzzi and extra amenities are just average as is the decor/overall feel of the spa. In such a lush market of beautiful spa's in the valley, this one rates average. I would recommend another spa with better extras like Willow Stream or The Boulders... Almost anywhere else. Staff were nice and helpful.
3	For Such a big casino this is a pretty small spa. Arizona is spoiled with lots of resorts with really amazing spas. This one is okay.. Service is pretty horrible- they seem understaffed.. Treatment choices and specials are great, but not worth paying full price. Spa accommodations are limited.. Sure they have a sauna, steam and jacuzzi but it's all crammed into a small space.
5	This spa has been on my list to try for quite some time.  After spending the afternoon here I seriously regret only one thing, how long it took me to get here.  Luckily, due to a cancellation they were able to squeeze me in today.They are running a special on several different $79 treatments.  I opted for the renewal massage.  My therapist, Chris (female), was PHENOMENAL.  She has an amazing technique and incorporates energy work into the session.  She is truly one of the best therapists I've come across, and this is coming from someone who has had 3 massages this week.The spa itself is perfectly appointed.  Big lockers, fully stocked vanities, showers that overlook the Superstition Mountains, a whirlpool, steam, sauna, a coed relaxation room, and a sun deck with loungers and killer view.  There are juices, ice cold water, ice towels for post sauna, trail mix, etc.  You can order lunch and drinks too.This spa is perfect if you need a quick escape from the daily grind, or for a girls day at the spa.  It has everything you need to really drop in and find your zen. I will most certainly be back, and soon!
4	I had the pleasure of visiting the Spa at Talking Stick again with my finance after receiving a nice note from Steve Gerken, the Director of Hospitality, after not having a great experience at the resort last year. To welcome us back for a second visit, he offered a gift card and it remained on my fridge for nearly a year before we could plan a return trip. By the time we were able to go back, I realized it had expired. I reached back out to Steve to see if we could have the card reinstated and he quickly replied and offered to leave a new card at the front desk. So awesome! He did warn me that this particular weekend there would be a pool party and that they had expected over 3000 people to attend. I thanked him for the warning as we had originally planned on making it a pool day after our spa treatments. We decided it wouldn't be a big deal and that we would come home afterwards and enjoy our own pool after our treatments.I called the spa to partake in the Spring Training special of a 60min massage for $79 and set up our appointments. I requested Gwen again since she was fantastic last year and was pleased when I found out she was available at the time we wanted. When we arrived at the hotel, we used the self parking on the west side of building and took a short walk in. No messing with the crazy valet. You could tell the hotel was much busier with the pool party going on. We saw the same person who checked us in a year prior at Registration and she did seem more friendly this time but we had another helpful person assist us with picking up the gift card.  Thankfully there was no issue with picking up the card and we were on our way up to the spa. Upon check-in the spa was exactly how I remembered it. The staff at the front were helpful and I got a tour of the facility again. It was nice to still see they had the co-ed area to hang out in. I also noticed in the women's waiting area some really good trail-mix that hadn't been there last time. Dried strawberries and nuts? YES, please! The steam sauna felt good and so did the Jacuzzi. Per Steve's warning, the pool party was in full swing downstairs. What I didn't expect was the loud bass throughout my spa visit. I actually enjoyed the music when you could walk out on the balcony and watch the party BUT all you could hear in the spa was the thud of the bass. It was definitely distracting during use of the Jacuzzi but having been warned prior, I didn't mind it too much. Some of the other spa patrons didn't appreciate it though. I was told that these parties go on throughout the summer so if you are looking for a total blissed out day, ask the front desk if there will be a pool party going on that day and you might want to consider another day. Dawn came and got me right on time and took me back to the treatment room. The massage was just as incredible as the one I had last year. Everything she did felt really good and it seem to last a really long time..but in a good way. The table was slightly warm but a quick request to turn down the heat made it perfect. I only wish I could make it back here more frequently! My fiance had upgraded to a sports massage and while he thoroughly enjoyed it, we were initially charged the full price of that massage rather than an upgrade to the standard massage. They quickly changed it at checkout after I questioned the charge with no push back.If you're looking for a great massage, definitely go make an appointment with Dawn!
1	Had a perfect weekend in Sedona and was finishing it up at the talking stick. My overall experience of the resort was great with the exception of the spa. The customer service, attitude and communication of the spa staff was very poor. My main complaint is Terry the spa manager. Her management skills need some work as her communication style was combative and lacked balance. Unfortunaltley the spa staff are a bit snooty and lack good quality customer service skills. Would love to see the resort get some people I'm there who know how to provide good service!
3	The view is great.  However,  the spa itself was pretty mediocre and so was the massage. Also the jacuzzi is sort of weirdly located. There were some lounge chairs around the jacuzzi but it was difficult to relax, it just felt like the area was not very well designed for relaxation. I was not too happy with the manicure either.  No cuticle removal nor hand massages like most nail salons,  yet cost more than better nail shops.  Nails weren't precisely painted either. Overall,  it was ok.
