3	Why am I reviewing a grocery store you may ask? Could it be that I've gone to the same places for the last 6 years I've lived in Arizona and have finally run out of places to review? No, but I do come here a lot and now I'm gonna tell you about it..Your typical run of the mill grocery store.  Fresh produce section with a small selection of organic veggies.  Typical meat and seafood section as any other place. Same goes for the deli and bakery. The thing I like about it though is if you have a last minute party? They can help. 2AM and you have the munchies for some White Castle? Yeah, they're frozen, but in AZ, it's as good as it gets. You may be asking yourself 1) Why am I reading this, and 2) what is the point of this review? Well I can't answer one for you, but two is because this is just a local grocery store that has everything you could need and it's story needed to be told.
4	Ive realized after living out here for a while that Frys Grocery stores fall into one of two catagories.  The haves and the have nots.  Either they are updated, clean and look like a million bucks, or they are run down and depressing to shop in.  I prefer to shop in the remodeled new and nice ones.  This is one of those stores.  Its a bit of a drive for me, but I like it due to it being modern, so I trek the extra mile to get here.  Plus, they have a Bank of America branch in here, which is convienient for me!This place has everything.  Deli, meat, household goods and everything a guy or gal could want.  Will be returning on a regular basis!
5	I love this Fry's. It is so new and so clean. The lighting is great and the staff is amazing! They have the best deals by far, even without coupons. I've never had a problem with the food and the produce is always really fresh. I like that they carry a pretty good amount of the vegetarian brands too.
4	This Fry's is AWESOME. Holy crap, I'm so glad I moved. My old grocery store was a POS compared to this place. It almost has an AJ's feel to it. You can get pretty much anything you need here. Although there are certain items I like to get at Trader Joe's which is just right down the street. The lighting is nice, the store is clean and there are a ton of options. Two thumbs up. Way up. (My only gripe is that there is one creepy Carl who works the self-check out during week nights, but almost all grocery stores have at least one, so it isn't so bad).
5	Great store.  I remember back when it was  Smitty's Big Towne #7.  The company changed ownership several times over the past 30 years.  It picked up the "MarketPlace" name when it was a Fred Meyer MarketPlace.  When Kroger bought FM, it was rebranded Fry's MarketPlace.  It's clean, always well stocked, the best produce of any store near it (except Sprouts @ Southern/McClintock) Maybe someday they may convert it to a Signature Marketplace.
5	I just moved to the area, and my first impression of Fry's was..wow, it's JUST LIKE Fred Meyer.  Of course, reading the reviews here I totally understand why... :)  Fry's is by far the best grocery store (or.."marketplace") in the area.  The sales are better than the other grocery stores, and the self-checkout is convenient.  The only thing I wish they'd change is to allow people to use coupons directly at their self-check terminal.  There must be a way?!
4	This is probably one of the cleanest Fry's I've ever been too. Every member of their staff is always helpful and they really do try to please you. I'm in here usually around rush hour and they make my visit less antagonizing by opening more lanes to get me in and out and on my way. Thank you for that, my time is quite precious.
4	One of the more decent Fry's to shop at in Tempe thus far. I never realized before how much I took Chandler for granted before I moved to this area, like others mentioned there are some dumpy DUMPY places around here and it's hard to find decent places to shop sometimes. Clean, big, throw some furniture, some Redboxes and a nice houseplant section in the mix and that about sums it up. Also they seem to give everyone the senior discount late at night which is strange but who am I to argue with savings??
4	An updated and gleaming Fry's Marketplace in Tempe!Last night, I found myself needing a few things to complete a homemade baked goods basket for the people at my PT clinic. This was on my drive home from the other side of town, so I dropped in. This is a Marketplace so they have lots of kitchen / home goods / patio furniture in addition to your typical grocery items and household products.The wine selection is pretty expansive here, too. At checkout, there was a bagger named Chris (special needs guy it seemed - I am NOT saying that in a derogatory way, people). While Amber the cashier was scanning my vanilla extract and cupcake liners, he kept telling me about his girlfriends and how he was the "man with the plan". And of course, the obligatory "THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT FRYS!" Chris was hilarious; thanks for making my night! :)
