5	Very attentive service and the food was excellent. If you would like a quiet dinner in a good setting this is a wonderful choice.  Ask for Rodney he is an excellent waiter.
5	What a lovely location Annie's gourmet Italian now calls home!  I see they are now open for lunch which will double my visits! Loved the artistic effort to tastefully share the roots of the business.  Don't let the new strip mall location fool you into assuming that you will find anything shy of a peaceful and delicious evening! Well informed staff great suggestions helped make our evening at Annie's another to remember!
5	New location provides lots of parking and a large outside area to eat with your pooch. Inside is a craftily hidden bar area with 3 TVs where one can celebate without disturbing patrons in the restaurant proper, which is very tastefully furbished.My meal started with fresh rolls to be dipped in oil & vinegar + chopped olives and garlic. Main course was chicken piccata with angel hair pasta = superb. The 2 chicken breasts were large, freshly purchased and so tender I cut them solely with my fork. For dessert I had spumoni ice cream in a graham cracker bowl, topped with whipped cream and drizzles of chocolate and raspberry. A cup of coffee with Amoretto liqueur finished the meal.The server Linda was very friendly and attentive. In summation, I rate Annie's at its new location with straight A's for location, ambiance, quality of food, service and price.
5	Annie is the sweetest lady! This reminds me of the Italian Family Restaurant I used to go to as a kid except now I can enjoy a nice glass of wine! Attentive good service, contemporary comfortable dining room,  and delicious food! This new restaurant is B E A U T I F U L  and I love that I can bring my kids AND my fur babies out for a delicious lunch or dinner. **There is an opening in the wall that opens to reveal  Annie's Lost Weekend Bar and it is a fully stocked beautiful bar and has flat screens all over the room. Perfect comfortable spot for before or after dinner drink ;)I definitely can't wait to try more on the menu!
5	I went into Annie's the other day and had a spectacular time. We started off with the maple and walnut Brie that was to die for. I then had the chicken parm, with a side of rigatoni. My boyfriend had the chicken Marsala, both cooked perfectly. Our waiter Mitchel was polite and attentive to our every need. The new ambiance of the restaurant with the hidden bar and family pictures are beautiful. This is a must try for the city of Henderson, and we will be back again and again.
2	Really wanted them to do better in the new location. The built out of the restaurant is done quite well so we were looking forward to a nice dinner. The best thing to hit the table that night was unfortunately the bread. We ordered Spaghetti & Meatballs (bland).....Chicken Parm (driest Chicken ever and why do they put Ricotta on the Parm).....the other two dishes were so flavorless that I already forgot what they were....honestly the other hospitals provide better food.You can tell they spent a lot of money to create a nice atmosphere if they had a cook to match this place could be very succesful despite the prices.
1	The $7 plate splitting fee is offensive, and the reason we won't come back. Our check was still $40, which is fine. But I guess the $7 is important to someone. I told the manager, and she just said, "I'll tell the owner." Too bad, we live right there and we're excited to have a high end dining option within walking distance.I told everyone who would listen to avoid this restaurant as well. This is horrible customer service and we'll just drive to any of the other 20 Italian restaurants in Green Valley.
2	It was my first time trying Annie's.  I didn't dine with them before they moved locations so I wanted to give it a try.  We decided to just try some appetizers for our first visit.  We chose the blackberry walnut Brie to start.  It was ok.  The Brie was almost too thick and didn't melt well enough.  The maple glaze that was drizzled over the top was too much.  It really took away from the Brie.  It would have tasted better without it. The trio sampler included calamari, fried mozzarella, and ricotta filled ravioli.  I really think everything on this plate came from a frozen box, heated and put on a plate.  I wouldn't recommend it.  I will say Aaron our waiter was great.  He was very attentive and courteous.  Drinks were kept filled while smiling the entire time. Even though he was great, I wouldn't recommend this place. Bummer.
4	Absolutely WONDERFUL!  Service was good, very friendly and patient with my young nephew!  Food was amazing!  Very fresh and flavorful. It was a bit more expensive than the Italian chain restaurants but worth it, not to mention, let's support our local small businesses!  Can't wait for the weather to cool off to enjoy dinner on their patio!!
5	So very yummy! Our server was really great about being on top of everything including refills. He was very knowledgeable!
5	Annie and her mom are the sweetest ladies! This cozy family restaurant reminds me of the Italian Family Restaurant I used to go to as a kid except now I can enjoy a nice glass of wine! Attentive, prompt,  good service, contemporary comfortable dining room,  and delicious food! This new restaurant is B E A U T I F U L  and I love that I can bring my kids AND my fur babies out for a delicious lunch or dinner. **There is an opening in the wall that opens to reveal  Annie's Lost Weekend Bar and it is a fully stocked beautiful bar and has flat screens all over the room. Perfect comfortable spot for watching the game and that before or after dinner drink ;)I definitely can't wait to try more on the menu!
1	Annie's has many of the makings of a high end restaurant such as the prices and ambiance, besides that, it is sorely lacking. My girlfriend and I were seated immediately with the restaurant fairly busy. We were both surprised at how nice the interior was; dimly lit with old photos of the owners in their 1950s prime. It was very nice and felt welcoming.Then the problems started. It took at least 12-15 minutes for our waiter to come by (granted, someone came by to say he'd be by "soon" and that they were very busy), but when he did, he walked up, said hello and introduced himself, then he went to go check to see if we were his table, then came back and said he'd be back in a minute and went five feet away to a table that had been seated after us and took their drink orders. It was absolutely ridiculous. Almost laughable. We didn't order drinks solely for that reason.When he finally did come by, we just wanted to order and eat since we were starving. Following that, it was another 15 minutes of waiting before we got bread (we had to ask). I ordered the chicken parmigiano and my girlfriend ordered the potato gnocci. The gnocci was great and being as famished as I was, I was so excited to eat my meal, only to be completely let down. The first bite of the chicken I spit out. I don't do that, but I had to. It was this chewy, rubbery texture that I thought was fat. It turned out the entire chicken was pretty much the same consistency. We deduced that it was a really cheap cut of chicken. At least it wasn't under cooked (which I thought it was at first). Regardless, it was almost inedible. Oh and $7 to split the check? Not that we needed to, but good god that's ridiculous. I just moved to town and I really wanted to like Annie's, but I saw little charm or reason to ever visit again despite the decor, which, unfortunately, you cannot eat.One star is harsh, but I think in our case, it is completely warranted. If anyone had eaten the chicken I did or waited the length we did for literally anything that a restaurant should do as soon as you sit down, you would think the same.
1	We were so disappointed with the food and staff at this restaurant. First of all I agree with the other patrons who felt this food could be frozen. We had my all time favorite spaghetti and meatballs and did not like it at all it simply was not good. And the service is extremely slow. We were in there for almost 2 hours either waiting 10 minutes just to get water, another long wait for bread ( which was nothing special) oh no there goes our waiter... wait we just want to order... oh right he'll be right back and a very long wait for the food which is way too expensive as this is not gourmet food. I don't mind spending my hard earned money and I am not a complainer and always try to find something positive but we left very very angry.
3	This is a 1980s Classic Italian place. From the food to the atmosphere t is 1980s all the way. Now they do it well but they need a menu overhaul and to fix that crime they call a cannoli.
5	Dog friendly patio, dog meals, gluten free options, and amazing staff.  So glad we found this place!!!!
1	I wanted to have a retirement party there since we enjoyed them at their last location.  I made the reservation on-line then went in to double check the menu.The waitress seemed over whelmed with my questions telling me she had to wait on tables. (The was only one other customer in there to deal with). She got the manager (Becky)who proceeded to roll her eyes as she was walking our way.Becky couldn't answer the few questions we did have and said the owner would have to call us.  Really, Becky? You're the a manger and you can't tell me if you guys do family style or not.  Awesome. She took down our name and number in an attempt to make us think she gave a crap. The owner never called.The next day I cancelled my reservation. Funny, a half hour after I cancelled the owner called.
1	Service was great. Food was horrible. DO NOT order any of the "chicken" dishes. It was flavorless & had a very odd texture...rubbery & just plain not appetizing. The Caesar salad wasn't even that great.  My husband & I will not be returning to this establishment. The server was awesome though. Very accommodating.
2	Oh goodness. Really wished the new location was going to change the service and maybe the menu or at least add some "wow" flavor to it. I don't want to knock Grandma's recipes but... Meh. So much space and now an actual bar! Still not used properly. The chicken is from Costco or Sam's club which is fine but do something with it! The "mixed veggies" were also from either establishment and totally bland as well. C'mon man. The chef came out to a couple tables but not ours or I would've asked if there was going to be any updates coming (hopeful thinking). Doesn't seem to have kept the old folk crowd from showing up but if that's the crowd you're aiming for then fine but why move farther away from Macdonald Ranch? Pro-tip: Update the menu and servers. Don't purchase your ingredients from Costco. Also to the plate splitting charge.... Make the dishes BIGGER, then and ONLY then should you be allowed to enforce a plate splitting charge.
5	Great food and an awesome atmosphere. Please try the lasagna if you want to have the best lasagna ever. We finished with the tiramisu which was the cherry on the top of an awesome meal.
2	Highly disappointed.  I live in the neighborhood and hoped for a place to frequent, but no.  I stopped in for happy hour - while the price was right, the food was not.  The stuffed roasted red peppers is a cold dish and lacking in flavor, perhaps if the basil wasn't presented as a large stalk it would have been easier to attempt to add flavor. Then came the trio which I was really looking forward to but again, no.  The only thing barely resembling warm was the marinara for dipping but the rest was barely room temperature.    Oh did I mention that the entrance to the bar area is completely hidden and just my luck the dish TV was not working, rather than the staff putting on some music (until I requested it) I had to listen to the incessant ramblings of an arrogant old woman customer about how she could get the TV fixed if she just called them.   Uh, I was just looking for a nice neighborhood place to relax after work...the search continues!
2	Good was disappointing, bread was flavorless, service was incredibly slow. Patio is lovely but doesn't make up for the slow service.
4	I ordered Chicken Piccata and Caesar Salad and my boyfriend order Chicken Parm. Both meals were delicious although the chicken on mine was a little thick. I prefer thinner cutlets. Staff was friendly and personable and atmosphere was cozy. I will definitely be back!
3	Came here with a couple of friends earlier this evening.  This restaurant is dog friendly, so we sat on the patio, since dogs are allowed to be taken there.  The price for the food is a bit steep, however, the service was very attentive and friendly.  The food was room temp when brought out to the table.  Tasty meal, but not what I was expecting, considering the prices they charge.  For me, it wasn't worth the drive.
5	We read the reviews here on yelp and decided to rate our experience dining at Annies for ourselves....Honestly,we can't figure how anyone could give this place anything less than 5 stars!We were greeted very congenial by the hostess upon our arrival and especially liked the restaurants atmosphere,we decided to have a cocktail in the bar, Giovanni was our bartender and made my husband a fantastic Margarita,he was extremely willing to please when my husband told him how he liked it prepared.While sitting at the bar,you can see the kitchen through a pass thru window as the food is being prepared,we could see the staff and admired their professionalism as they prepared the meals.We ordered the stuffed mushrooms with sausage for our appetizer,it was served with wonderful fresh made rolls and an oil based olive spread that was delicious!!Our choice for our dinner was spaghetti and meatballs(Nice size portion)and my husband had the Rigatoni Roberta(Its made with egg plant)we brought left overs home,it was very good!!We even met the owner Annie!! We found her to be extremely friendly, she most definately takes pride in her cooking and wants to make sure her customers are happy and will return to her lovely establishment...We definately will dine at Annies again!!
3	The service was outstanding. Everyone on staff was pleasant and helpful. Not the most kid-friendly (no cups with lids). The stuffed mushrooms were tasty, but only slightly warm to cool. The eggplant  and veal parm were tasty, but I think overpriced for what you get. It feels like a restaurant that can't decide whether to be casual or fine. Linen napkins (with paper napkin centerpieces) and oil lamps, but tissue paper plate liners. Might go again without the kids. The patio looked nice for alfresco dining.
1	The star is for the server. When I go to a restaurant above all the food should be the star of the show. The food was mediocre at best. My children shared a $9.95 bowl of buttered spaghetti and received a cereal bowl of plain pasta, completely overpriced. Service took way to long, over an hour from appetizers to entrees. When the food did come out it was either half cold and rubbery (chicken). They ran out of wine that we ordered and gave us excuses that they were really busy. It was 8:00 and the restaurant was empty. We absolutely will not go back. Sad really, the neighborhood really welcomed a cool place to walk to and have good food.
5	Excellent everything was great from the abvionce, food wine waiters definetly will be returning  truly a fabulous experience .
5	Fantastic!!!! Lasagna is fabulous, spaghetti and meatballs was fantastic, and the breakfast dish is to die for! Great atmosphere, service and food. The hidden bar is intimate and fun. My favorite restaurant!!!?
5	Great place! Had stuffed mushrooms, meatballs scampi, and veal marsala.Huge portions , fresh and delicious.The chef owner came out to check on us, well appreciated. Our neighborhood needed this!
1	This is the second time to Annie's and boy was it a mistake. The first time was with a friend over 3 years ago at their old location. It was so bad back then, I wrote a terrible one star review here on Yelp on 9/26/2011. Much to my surprise, my wife booked a reservation there since she has never been there, and they had gluten free items now. We were going with another couple so I figured, new location, maybe new menu, new cook??? NOPE! It was bad from beginning to end. It started with the appetizer. Fried calamari, my favorite. It was like it was from the freezer section of the supermarket, terrible! Ok, time to order. I did not see ANY seafood selections on the menu, probably a good thing since the cooks cant even cook basic dishes correctly. Another red flag was the lack of linguini as a pasta choice. What kind of Italian restaurant does not serve linguini?? {Olive Garden?) The Caesar salad was meh quality with a bland dressing. Ordered red sauce with fettuccine and a sausage link. The sauce was flavorless and the sausage was Johnsonville quality. I left most of my pasta on the plate and decided to have some cheesecake to fill the void. Again, frozen food thawed for my consumption. My poor wife could not even have desert because they were out of gluten free items. She also had to send her salad back because the server could not tell us if the crunchy stuff on her salad was gluten free since she would get very ill if it contained gluten. Our friends wanted expresso after dinner.  Nope, the machine is broken. Now I am full blooded Italian and know good Italian food, but sometimes I don't want to cook, and would like a tasty Italian meal out with good friends. Annie's is at or below Olive Garden quality. If you like Olive Garden, I will assume you might like Annie's at 1/3 more the cost. I would also assume that MOST of the 3 and 4 star reviews are either the owners and their friends, or they love Olive Garden too.By the way, I think it is funny they have food for your dog on the menu if you eat on the patio. I say just bring your dog and feed them the stuff on the regular menu, they will enjoy it more that you would.
5	I was craving seafood so went with the calamari to start, followed by shrimp scampi pasta over spaghetti. HugeShrimp beautifully presented and succulent, loved every single bite.My cousin had the gluten free veal,Huge array of freshly steamedVegetables and tender organic veal.We stopped in bar to visit with Giovanni after dinner and have dessert and a shotOf Grappa. Great Cannoli, spumoniAnd Grandmas  tiramisu. I have metThe Grandma  and Annie too both are class acts . Their staff is five star too.
5	Spaghetti and meatballs again. Fantastic! I always feel at home here. I have eaten here many times and NEVER been disappointed. The food and the service are always above and beyond.
5	Yes I am a regular my wife and I love the food the staff the atmosphere.No we are not relatives nor are we friends.The owners have come out to thank us for our business and nothing more . To "Dan M" How do you only review twice in thre years both for the same restaurant and both one star reviews???  For a great place ???  You must be the one  whose review is not real... You either have been fired by this place you havena Competing business or you have no life one or more of these.... Yelp please realize this and help make your reviews more real and substantial.
2	My quest for delicious authentic italian food has hit another brick wall. Definitely no "gourmet" at Annies gourmet Italian. I will say I liked the atmosphere and decor inside, but that's about it. We were the only ones in the restaurant for dinner which should probably be a clue. The waitress took a while to come over to us. We both ordered the rigatoni Which came with Caesar salad. We also received a basket of bread but we did not care for it. It seemed stale and just warmed up, not actually baked at the restaurant. The Caesar was pretty good with shaved Parmesan cheese and a couple croutons but nothing special. As far as the rigatoni it was a huge disappointment. It was served In a bowl with just some cheese and sauce on top. The majority was dry rigatoni shells. Both of ours were also cold in the middle. Even after trying to mix the small amount of sauce and cheese all together it was still very dry with hardly any flavor. Annies is also way over priced for the quality of the food.
5	A delicious meal, absolutely the best Italian food around. I recommend the shrimp scampi--the shrimp are huge!! It was great seeing a mother and daughter working together in the kitchen. Stop in Annie's!!!
