3	Good course.  I would guess your satisfaction will be tied to the price you pay.  It's a little nicer than Angel Park but it's greens could be in better condition.
5	There are 2 courses at Revere: Lexington and Concord.  I only played Concord, so the review is for that.  I frankly have no idea how the OP gave such a low review, as this was one of the best courses I've played in my entire life (I've played for 11 years).       It's up in the foothills (wouldnt call it mountains) and you get some beautiful panoramic views, including the Vegas Strip.  The golf course is challenging, but a fair test of golf.  The fairways were perfectly groomed and plush, the greens were recently airated, but still pretty good.  I loved how several holes had elevated tees where there was a real risk/reward for bashing a driver and being able to crush one 300+ yards or simply playing "smart" and hitting a hybrid or 3-wood.   The round cost $125, which included free range balls.  Expensive?  Yes, but it is higher end golf and I was on vacation, so I had no problem with it.    I've heard the Lexington course is a bit tougher than Concord, and I will ABSOLUTELY be playing it the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Revere is Vegas golf at it's best.  36 holes of beautiful green grass carved through the desert.  There are two courses at the Revere, Concord and Lexington.  Lexi is the harder of the two.  It is also my favorite.The course, like many in the area, are lined with new track homes - many of which are nice. Lexi is tough - they have a few holes with clusters of desert rock smack in the middle of the fairway (where I always land).  There are lakes, fountains and waterfalls on the course - and several holes overlook the gaudy Las Vegas Strip.On a side note, they have been the host of my company golf tournament several times and their service is literally THE BEST.  I've been to other venues that don't make life so easy.  I love these guys.Overall, a gem - like almost all Troon managed courses.
4	Played in a 2 day tournament last weekend, on the Lexington course.Went to hit balls on the range and there was no balls!! they said the guy didnt show up. 1/2 later they had somebody out there. besides that the service was good. The course has a lot of great holes but the greens where alittle beat up. The speed was great on the first day and slowed a bit on the 2nd day but still not bad. There is way to many cart path only holes. So many that it was stupid, cartpath only slows a round down alot and it did for us and was very slow.
3	This place was okay..really mediocre. I should have really loved this place cause I chipped it in twice (super lucky) but nothing spectacular. I think w. all the land out in Vegas, we could have found a better course. I don't even have a pros or cons list cause it was that unmemorable.
5	My husband and I have recently developed an obsession with golf. The low locals green fees at Revere drew us in a couple weeks ago, and we were SO impressed. We ended up playing the Lexington course. It was difficult and well outside of our skill level (it had several blind shots and difficult rough), but it was so stunning and well groomed. The beautiful canyon course overlooking the Vegas valley was a treat. I took a lesson before our round and had a pleasant experience with the staff, driving range, and pro shop. This is by far my favorite course I've played in Vegas, and it was a far better value than comparable courses in Summerlin. I look forward to playing the Concord side in the near future!
5	Just got back from a weekend in Vegas for my buddy's bachelor party.  We played on Friday 8/5 around noon.  I was nervous about almost every course in Vegas simply because it is so hot and dry.  And coming from Texas I know some courses are hit or miss because of the same conditions.  We arrived 10 minutes before our tee time (not ideal) but there were carts already waiting with our names on them.  The cart attendant was very friendly.  We checked in at the pro shop with no issues and made out way to the starter at the 1st tee.  He was also very friendly and let us know we were fine to warm up putting, okay to hit some balls, and then make our way to the 1st tee.  The putting green and range were in great shape.The course we played was Lexington and it was also in great shape.  I loved this course.  We decided not to play Badlands because I read it was almost 100% target golf and drivers probably wouldn't be used much.  This course was semi target golf but it had plenty of opportunities to hit 3 woods and drivers.  This course is decently difficult for a few 7 handicap players hitting from the tips, but still not so insanely hard that we didn't have a good time.With the great shape this course was in, and the great bargain the green fees were, I would definitely recommend this course and I would love to play again.
4	Played front 9 holes of the Concord course on Sunday and liked it, so i was excited to play Lexington on Wednesday since i hadnt play since it first opened and at that time i was new to golf and showed up in jeans and collared shirt and they told me no denim and i was really but like i said i was new to golf and that was in the 90's so i was young and dumb. This time i had fun. The Lexington was alot harder then i remember but i got thru it, a few blind shots but to be expected when you didnt buy a yardage book. rough was rough that is my only complaint that grass grabbed you club like no other. i will be back. staff was great amazing views
4	This review is for the Lexington course, which I've probably played about 15-20 times....  never been on Concord.... which from what I've been told is a shorter, considerably easier course.  Probably a much smarter choice than Lexington for the beginner.   This year we've been paying $42 (casino employee rate) to play here... which is about as good a value as you can get anywhere for a course of its caliber.  And they usually have good (early) tee times available a couple days in advance.  This course is only a couple miles from Rio Secco, and a pretty comparable layout.  I really don't know why... but Rio Secco seems to have a better reputation.... although I think Lexington is a better, tougher course.  The course features some good elevation changes, and a few really tough holes.  The houses in the area are set back far enough from the course that you don't feel like you're playing through someone's backyard.  You also get plenty of great views of the city.  The course is plenty long(over 7000) off the tips, and the greens are generally well protected.  A lot of the greens are situated so that a shot that misses to a certain side will end up in the rocks/bushes/canyon.  This definitely adds to the difficulty.  In my opinion this is one of the more difficult courses in Las Vegas in its price range.  Oh....one small note, this course has a few holes (other than par 3s) that are always cart path only....might make a difference to some of you lazy players out there.... I know I always try to hit it close to the path on them...lol.
5	Paid $75 for the Concord course.  Beautiful course with well kept fairways and greens.
5	Bad ass & Beautiful, but so way out of my league.
5	Was down in vegas beginning of November 2011.  Got to play both courses would have to say from the moment I arrived this is a first class golf course. The staff is great and the courses are even nicer. The greens were perfect and the fairways and rough don't get much better. The views were wonderful. I think the Lexington was the better of the two, just a bit tougher. The club house and food were great as well. I have played many courses both in the US and other countries but this by far was a great experience look forward to playing again next time I am in town.
4	Have played both Lexington and Concord twice.  Really fun courses, friendly staff and decent bar & restaurant.  This past weekend the bunkers needed some serious work...so many rocks our foresome agreed after a few holes to lift, clean & place out of most of the bunkers...that bad.  Otherwise its a great complex.
5	Great course!  My first round of golf ever in Vegas and I was not disappointed.  Course condition was great.  Staff was great.  Club house and bar were great.  Beautiful view too.I was not used to the super fast greens which wrecked my score with 7 three-putts.  Gotta play more bump-and-runs here as high trajectory won't hold on these greens.  Concord is supposed to be the easier of the two courses here so I'm didn't play on Lexington for our warm-up round.Highly recommended.  Will definitely be back especially when they have discounted online tee times.
4	nice course, good deal for locals.
2	Completely overpriced for this time of year.  With temps barely crossing 50 for only a few hours each day, I'm not sure how they justify $60 per round.  I'm new to Vegas so I don't know how the courses change and adapt with the seasons, but I wouldn't say this course was in good shape at all.   If you compared the course today to what the pictures or video show online, they are totally misleading.  Again, maybe this is a seasonal thing where the rough all dries up and turns yellow, but the all/most of the greats seemed to be a brownish color with patches of bright green which might have been a fungus or something because it looked like a lot of tiny 3-4 leaf clovers packed together....but what do I know, I don't have a turf management degree.Most of the course plays down hill and is set up to offer favorable bounces helping you get from the rough to the fairway off the tee.  However, the bunkers are awful..mostly filled with rocks.  In many spots it wasn't just a few pebbles, they were rocks...stuff that will scratch/knick/ding up your clubs unless you give yourself relief.  The best thing about the course were the views.  You can see almost the entire valley and beautiful Vegas scenery...but that still doesn't justify the rates.  I could probably stomach a $30-$35 round here this time of year, but not $60...especially when you can head north to Paiute and play a course in mint condition for $40.  I likely won't be back unless I catch wind of a twilight rate that actually begins at a time when you can finish 18.
4	Played the Lexington Course Very enjoyable experience. I got a golf now deal for 65 dollars (In May) as opposed to the rack rate of 200+. For the price I paid it is probably a 5/5, if it was 200+ I would probably knock it down to a 3/5.I was very surprised in the elevation changes not only in the course but in the surroundings. My first Vegas golf experience included scenic views of the strip and the mountains. The course itself was moderately challenging with a number of holes having large landing areas but beyond that was trouble. I played with a family who was high handicappers but they still enjoyed the round, even with the number of penalty shots they took. As far as the staff I can't give them enough credit. The pro shop and bartenders were very professional and polite. The starter and I carried on a pleasant conversation about the course and other random Vegas golf factoids for about 10 minutes (I actually just wanted to practice putt but he was a really nice guy so I couldn't be rude).I would definitely come back here for the price as it would be one of the cheapest options in Vegas
2	Played the Lexington course. The rate was $145 which is way overpriced IMO. Positives:The staff was really nice and helpful.Great views of Vegas. Challenging course with interesting tee shots and fun layout. Cart girl came around often and they have a special if you buy 6 beers.They didn't mind that my Wife wanted to ride in the cart and not play (I've had other courses give me the stink-eye when I ask).Negatives:Condition of the course was poor. Looked like a muni. Played soo slow. Never saw a Marshall. Some of the bunkers were almost unplayable and didn't even have rakes. They looked like they were filled with water overnight which made for hard packed sand. No sand on the carts to fill divots. None in the sand boxes either. Turkey sandwich from the cart was the worst sandwich ever. Overall, we had fun and the course is interesting. I just expected it would be in better condition for $145. I took off a star for price. Doubt I'll ever go back.  Seemed like they have given up on keeping up the course.
4	4 stars because you can often times find a deal here.  it was a beautiful course with great views all around.  nearly every hole had something unique about it.  by the way, this is for the lexington course.  one of my playing partners said he found a deal for $25 on golfnow!  i myself paid $69.  the other twosome said they paid $99.  it plays like a course that is in the 3 digits, although it would probably never be worth the full rack rate of $200.  the course was challenging.   some of the fairways were wide, but going in the rough caused a lot of trouble for me.  deep roughs left me with awkward shots out of it.  had two OB's hitting out of the rough which destroyed my score unfortunately.  i'm not used to these roughs where the ball disappears in the grass. i would play the course again if i find a two digit deal next time!
5	I go to Vegas to play golf every summer and there are a few things that are crucial; Price, Course Conditions, and Pace of Play.  Revere passes all three tests with flying colors...a solid course for almost any price, great playing conditions in the desert heat, and a sterling pace of play which may be most important in the Summer.  The course offers up plenty of water to players, CRUCIAL for safety while playing golf in the desert.  Also,  while operating a premium layout they have a marvelously casual and welcoming attitude that is exactly what locals and visitors seek in every round.  I will be playing here again and again on my trips to town.
4	This course is always in good shape.  Great practice area with chipping and sand.  Go early and take advantage of free range balls.  This is a desert course, but fairways are fairly wide so you can avoid the desert most of the time.  Look for deals on Groupon or Living Social, also golfnow.com has some deals.
3	Played the Concord Course today as part of a shotgun tournament (there are 2 courses: Lexington and Concord).I'm sad to say, but I was disappointed when I left. I was so looking forward to playing here. Previous reviews have said this course is immaculate and photos I've seen looked awesome, but the course I played today was totally different.The reason for 3 stars is due to the course conditions. The greens were shaggy and super slow with weeds growing in them; and there were so many unfixed pitch marks on the green surfaces (shame on people!) The fairways and rough had numerous soggy patches that gave odd and unlucky lies. Some bunkers that we experienced were rock hard. The tee boxes were also shaggy. It just overall seemed unkept. As for course lay-out, it's challenging and fun. There are a variety of holes, lined with houses and rocky deserts to add to your experience. As for the staff, they were friendly and organized. The course player assistants and bar cart girls always had complimentary ice cold water bottles so we could stay hydrated in the 3-digit heat! Don't forget to tip them!As for practice facility, they have a large grass range, chipping area, and large putting green (which was horribly manicured).I would like to play Lexington one day, but hopefully their conditions will be much better so I can update this review.
4	This is my favorite course to play, great view of the strip , service is always very good and helpful. Rates aren't too pricey, makes for a good day with the boys. Highly recommend it,  the club house is a coo spot as well good food and the bar is a good scene to grab a drink at. The course isn't super difficult which is good because i don't play enough for that lol
2	I am a Las Vegas local and have grown up playing golf in Las Vegas during the summer. I know what to expect when golfing on a hot summer day. That being said, golfing at the Revere was one of the worst experiences I have had golfing in Las Vegas, and I have played quite a few rounds. First, my foursome arrived and wanted to hit some balls at the range. However, there were no balls available at the range, so the four of us collected balls  that were 10-20 yards down the range so that we could at least get a warm up in. This was after calling the clubhouse and waiting about ten minutes for someone to bring more balls, that never even came. We played the Lexington Course, and the course layout is great. Fun holes, fun tee boxes, blind shots, a unique course well-designed. However, after playing the front 9, at the turn we wanted more of the bottled water that comes with the round. However, there was no bottled water left, and the cart girl had stopped service around 2 PM (we only saw her on the second hole, never again). Keep in mind that it was 105 degrees, and there are no jugs of water anywhere on the course. We played without water the next hour and 15 minutes until there was a water fountain following the 13th hole. For a course not to provide water during the hot summer months in Las Vegas is pathetic. If you have ever played golf in Las Vegas during the summer, you know that you can easily drink an entire bottle every hole or every other hole. Finally, if you hit into a sand trap, you were essentially either hitting out of a concrete bed or clay, the sand was terrible. All in all, my first experience at the Revere was downright awful. I will not be returning, especially with the options available in Las Vegas/Henderson.
