3	This Fedex Office is not really an office, it is more like a copy center in a closet. Fedex bought out Kinko's several years ago, and slowing started changing the name, from Kinkos, to Fedex Kinkos, and for the past year, Fedex Office. They clip fliers on your shipping receipt that let you know you can have Fedex pack your shipment, too. Value Added services is the name of the game, to increase revenues for these mostly 24 hour convenience business centers. I use Fedax a lot. Perfer them over UPS, because they still have way bills you can fill by hand and charge it to a corporate account. UPS stopped that because of too much fraud. Will Fedex be next?This Fedex was hard to find in the big box strip mall it was in. Look hard or ask someone where is it, like I did.
4	I use FedEx quite a bit for work.  This location has always been my go to location as it is close to the house.  Over the past few weeks I have ventured to another location and I now appreciate this location much more.   The staff is always friendly and helpful.  They have supplies that I need for shipping express or ground.  Express pick up is at 4:30pm.  They are open to 11pm!
5	The customer service here is amazing. They office a wide range of print and copy services, and have done a superior job at handling all of our requests. I work very close to this location, so I am in here about 10 times a month. I have never had a long wait, or an error on an order. But better than that, they go our of their way to make me feel like a star. The employees learned my name just after a few visits. On several occasions when they have told me my product will be ready in two days, it was ready in one. FedEx, in general, is a great company, but this location really stands out!!
2	Customer service sucks, need some work! How long of a line or do you see someone standing there until we can get some service or acknowledgement that any of the associates will be right with us?! The guy that was waiting after me shared a few words with the associates and after he left, the workers were talking about how rude he was... Did you forget you're still helping someone?!! Really all he said was "Is anyone going to help me?!" Save the "behind the scenes chat" till after all your other customers leave! 1 star for the location  conveniently near my place and 1 star for the guy who stuck up for all patiently waiting customers!
5	This Fedex team is fantastic.  They are quick, intelligent, courteous, and friendly no matter what the time or the occupancy of the store may be.  I use this store almost daily at all hours, so the consistency is impressive.   Additionally, the store is always stocked and equipment in clean working order (no matter how many pens I accidentally lift).
4	Great service by Jen, really attentive and very helpful explaining the options.  A bit on the pricier side for color 11x17s, but the same day service definitely helps justify that price a bit.
