4	Last night I was lucky enough to try out Crudo for the first time. The crew was soft-launching their dinner menu and offered a VERY special $15 price for a 3-course meal. Chrissy and Dottsy joined me for the 6PM reservation, so the evening was off to a great start. We were seated outside which was still a little chilly, but a small heat lamp was brought out and arranged by our table without our requesting it. Their standard menu will offer 3, 4, and 5 course options, at $30, $40 and $50 or you can offer off the menu. Keep in mind that our dinner was a preview, and the menu is not finalized yet. As of now the menu is divided into Freddo and Caldo options and I made my meal of the Butterfish with a citrus glaze, the Hamachi with black garlic and truffle oil, and the Risotto, which had a massive mushroom seared on top and (kind of gross to think about but tasty nonetheless) cock's comb. Yes, the red dangly bits of a chicken. blerg. The risotto was great though, if you didn't know about the cock's comb you would have though it was sauteed mushroom, so that's what I pretended. The Butterfish was great, super buttery and the citrus sauce was just the right note to set it off. Hands down my favorite plate was the Hamachi though, the texture and density of the yellowtail was perfect and the apples, truffle oil and black garlic on it were to die for. The wine list we were presented with numbered 5 wines with no prices, and while I'm a Bisol Jeio Prosecco fan I wasn't crazy about the red and white options, but I'm sure they are working on that. Our server was Lisa G, and her presence instigated an odd sort of tourettes in both Dottsy and Chrissy: "balls! balls! we love your balls! put your balls on the menu!"The service, by Lisa and the rest of the Crudo staff and chefs was perfect, perfectly timed, very welcoming, open to questions. I would gladly spend another couple of hours at Crudo enjoying their menu, it was really inspired.
4	We spent a wonderful evening at Crudo on Friday night for their "soft" opening.  Celebrated a birthday dinner with friends and were seated outside at a roomy table for 8 on the patio.  It was a bit cool outside but Dina, our waitress provided a cozy heating lamp that warmed us right up.  We started our evening with a bottle of red wine: Dina's recommendation of a Cabernet-Sangiovese blend that was perfect - smooth and tasty - and perfectly paired with our food choices.  We shared plates of rich butterfish, seasoned with basil and orange, a tuna/sashimi dish laced  with truffle sauce and an incredibly delicious dish, "San Danielle Prosciutto," that is surrounded by homemade pickles and red peppers.  For dinner, we tried a sampling of the Yellowtail Stew, Risotto, Rolled Veal, Gnocchi, and Fingerling potatoes.  What an incredible culinary feast - each dish was carefully prepared, delicious, and the presentation was fabulous!  We will make this a regular stop when we're in Scottsdale.  Thank you to Crudo's wonderful chefs, Cullen Campbell and Brandon Crouser for creating such an incredible menu and making our evening so memorable!
4	After our horrible experience across the street @ Urban 7 (ie: NOT reccommended!) our little eyes spot this very cute & cozy spot as we walk out and over to our car.  Hmmmm, this place has been here before, hasn't it?  It seemed familar yet different.A romantic and cozy patio, complete with white tableclothes, and little lights.  We walk into the salon, (which had really cool products and gifts for purchase as you walk in), and we were promplty greeted by a girl behind the salon counter.  We wanted to inquire about the menu & wine tasting. We were nicely pointed in the direction of 2 very hard working and busy chefs.We were informed by the 2 chefs, who promptly stopped their prepping to eargerly talk to us, that wednesday evenings were wine tasting nights, and yes, they had a representative from a Cali Winery in attendance, as well as providing a little buffet of appies.  Now, this place is extremely inviting, warm & friendly, (we needed to so get over the nastiness from 7 we just came from - this was NICE - "hey 7, did you hear that?  be NICE")I am awaiting their email invites for what they are excitedly putting toegether, as they have only been open just over 1 mth.  I did not partake of this wine event, but i certainly can't wait to see what other offereings they might have in the future!(did i mention how nice and attentive everyone was here??? Hellllooo!)
5	So, the BF saw in the AZ Wine newsletter that LaFond/Santa Barbara Wine Company was doing a paired dinner at Crudo last night! Since we have visited both, we could not pass this up, especially when we realized that this cozy little gem in the heart of So Sco has the chefs from Atlas and the old Fine's Cellar (still dreaming of truffle popcorn...yum!)!! Jackpot!! Since I go to Kolton Fox (who I adore!), I was familiar with the location and restaurant, but it is part of the Steven Paul Salon. The patio is lovely with cute tables under the trees and right on the corner so you can watch the world pass by! We were greeted by Dina who was a great host last night and the fun began with a lovely glass of Prosecco! For dinner, we had the pleasure of sitting with Joanie from the winery and Jeff from Valley of the Sun Distributors and we had the best time! First course was a crudo of amazing net caught Salmon from Oregon with kumquats, Meyer lemon, micro-argula and truffles! Amazing!! Melts in your mouth!! Second course was a ridiculous albino beet risotto (who knew there were albino beets) that I could have eaten 10 more servings of as it was that good! Perfect! Perfect! Third course was pork heaven on polenta! OMG! So good and I'm very proud of myself as it included not just a pork loin, but also a little trotter, jowel and cocks comb! The polenta and tomato drizzle was so good as well! Simply delightful! The intermezzo was a yummy cardamom and banana sorbet made special for Crudo by the former pastry chef from Cowboy Ciao! Her desserts are fantastic and this little palette cleanser did not disappoint! Final course, which I loved that it was not a true desert since I am a savory girl, was the perfect cheese course of a little goat cheese, a little pecorino and some heavenly andouille sausage from Dina's grandmother! The perfect ending! All in all, this is a fantastic little spot with the nicest people! The chefs source all of their veggies and herbs locally from Mayas! They are also extremely accommodating for our friends with a gluten allergy and on their regular menu, all but the gnocchi are GF! We talked to the chef about hosting a dinner there and they are more than accommodating! Can't wait until we get to go back! Thank you!!!
4	As far as salon-cafes go, this has got to be one of the better ones.  The sandwiches, while not particularly ground breaking, are thoughtful and assembled with quality components.  Also has a pretty good old-town ambiance.
4	Went here for a late lunch with my wife last week.  Great little hidden gem in the heart of Scottsdale.  We split a margerita Pizza and shared a Mixed cheese Panini.  We also had the sorbet for dessert which was excellent and had the correct texture.  We found this place on my newest and favorite restaurant website www.localdines.com, we got a $30 gift certificate for $15!.
5	Have been back 2 more times since my first review and Crudo has never missed a beat! Love, luhv, luv hanging out on the patio with Cullen, Bubba and Dina under the stars with great wine and even better company!Last two times I have had the 3 course crudo deal and have found shear genius in all of the plates! So much food with fantastic, clever combinations and please do not miss the fish crudos, especially those that come in fresh from the Japanese fish market! Really a gem in So Sco that should not be missed! See you again soon!
5	Ok this is looong overdue. What can I say about Crudo besides it is amazingly delicious and anyone who enjoys top quality dining should go here. I have been here twice in the past few months and had a wonderful experience both times. Crudo is nestled in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale in, of all places, a salon. Since I have never eaten in a salon, I really didn't know what to expect, let's just say, you cannot even tell there are hair styling or other spa treatments going on behind closed doors. The first time I went I gave the creative chefs full control over what to serve me. I think this is the best way to get a feel for the establishment and, by the way, how many places can you go where you actually get to converse with the chefs? Not many in my experience. Okay, so I gave them the reigns to impress me and they sure did. I had various crudos. Albacore, tuna, butterfish, and snapper were superb and unlike anything I had ever had before. Usually I am reaching for the soy sauce and wasabi, but this small plates of raw fish are delicately marinated and presented with extraordinary compliments like Meyer lemon, truffles, apples, olives, etc. Each dish is unique and delectable in its own way. I think the tuna is my favorite for now, but that may change since the menu is ever evolving, which is a definite sign of chefs who know what they're doing. More points of excitement included an appetizer that had a quail egg and truffles on it. An extreme mushroom creation that also had an egg on it was fabulous. Salads were flavorful and fresh. Risotto was delicious and the gnocchi was melt in your mouth orgasmic. Hmmm, I have to say that everything was great including the table service and wines selected. Crudo has specials (We went for Industry night, half off food) and they also have wine tastings that I need to go to.This is definitely the subtle spot for fine dining without the price tag or snootiness and if you know Scottsdale like I do, that's almost impossible to come by.
5	My fiancee and I took a leap of faith after reading some of the reviews here on Yelp.  Although she likes sushi, she's never been much of a fish person.  Crudo I've learned means "raw" in Italian.  After ordering two of the Crudo plates (Tuna and Albacore) I think she's finally come around.  Both plates were full of flavor and the textures were extremely complimentary.  We also had the Gnocchi, which was delicious and the Veal, which was over goat cheese polenta.  I can almost definitively say that the Veal was the most tender and flavorful piece of meat I have ever eaten.  The chefs were also kind enough to tempt our taste buds at the start of the meal by serving us a small piece of local watermelon in a squid ink sauce, topped with fresh herbs.  I'm not sure if I was the biggest fan but I love trying new things and I can now check squid ink off my list.  All of the food was so fresh, as they used a lot of produce and dairy from local farmers.  The trick is definitely to go on Fridays.  50% off all bottles of wine.  How many higher end restaurants do you know that run those type of specials on a normally busy night?  The bill was a little pricey in the end but it was worth the three hours spent with my lovely bride to be.
5	Simply fantastic. Not a huge menu, but it is quite diverse with both raw fish and traditional Italian cuisine. You can order each item as an entree or combine several (3 for $30, 4 for $40...yes, you get the idea). My date and I ordered three each, and the chef prepared them one at a time, allowing us to enjoy each dish. It really gave us an opportunity to eat at casual pace without the tastes of each dish interfering with one another. The veal and the risotto were phenomenal!Not a big desert connoisseur, but if available, try the cake soaked in olive oil.  Great ending to a great meal.
5	Two words for you. Mouth.  OrgasmWifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.00 for a $50.00 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced bottles of wine on Friday nights as well.I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other three. We started out with the Crudo Cheese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat cheese, goat feta, goat mozarella (sooo good), cherry compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and truffles with toast. If that doesn't give you a food stiffy, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the butterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with truffles, apples, black garlic and pepper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as well, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I don't recall the type of fish, but it was good. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushroom gratin. It had hen of the woods, crimini, potato and was topped with an egg. I felt it was just too much, a little clunky. That's probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney.  We went with a great bottle of Nebbiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excellent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint little cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!!  Pics to come
5	After circling the block a few times, we finally found this little jewel. As other reviews mentioned, Crudo shares its space with a salon and retail store. It was slightly odd, at first, sitting by clothes and I kept getting distracted by the cute jewelry displays. Eventually, we moved our table closest to the bar which was more comfortable. With bottles of wine half off on Fridays, we split a nice bottle of Nebbioso. After the half off, it was $18. The menu is very limited but I wanted to try so many things on it! Decisions, decisions. I went with the 4 course  menu ($40) because I wanted to try a little of alot. I chose the Market Crudo (squash blossoms, tempura fried stuffed with mackerel), Risotto (Beet stained with lightly fried beet chips and mixed with lardo), Butterfish (with tomato, lardo, and a citrus sauce), and Gniocchi. I wasn't a fan of the gniocchi as it had a sauce that reminded me of pot roast. I do not like pot roast. But the other courses I had were delicious. My hands down favorite was the creamy risotto. My only disappointment was that I couldn't eat more of it since it came third and I was getting stuffed. We split the Cheese plate which had so many things on it including some bread and meats. That was also a favorite. The service was excellent and the server was very knowledgeable and attentive. Since I plan to go back, I think I may stick with the cheese plate and risotto (and refuse to share with the husband). It was sooo good. I think the most I would do is the 3 course - $30 (as opposed the 4 course I chose) but that is because I can't hack eating more. I wish I could because this is place is way worth that....maybe I should invest in a cute pair of stretchy pants for my next visit.
5	Crudo is two completely different concepts depending on when you go but the cooking is top-notch no matter when. The food is lovingly made in a tiny kitchen in a hair salon (yes, hair salon) by two experienced and talented chefs - Cullen and Brandon. No sous chefs, no line cooks - these two former exec chefs do it all - from french toast in the morning to salads and sandwiches to lunch to the some of the most sophisticated food I've ever had in the US in the evening.The gift shop setting is a bit unusual but the customer benefits in a huge way. By not being beholden to investors and sky high Old Town Scottsdale rent, the chefs are able to deliver 6-star food that they're truly passionate about at super reasonable prices for dinner.There is a serious lack of creativity and daring in most of the Valley but not at Crudo where it's done with sophistication. Crudo can be described as new-style sashimi - raw fish dressed lightly with some kind of oil and acid and garnished with tasty herbs, fruit or even black truffle shavings - giving the diner a delightful spectrum of flavors and textures. One of my favorites so far is albacore topped with crunchy strips of tart apple, intensely flavored black garlic and black truffle. The freshness and quality of their raw fish surpasses most sushi restaurants in the Valley. I loved the madai red snapper they sourced in an auction from the best seafood market in the world - Tokyo's Tsukiji Fish Market. The fish changes weekly depending on the auction. Crudo is all about cooking in the season and local ingredients. I love the salad bar at lunch and seasonal vegetable crudo at dinner both using top notch produce from Maya's Farm. Personally I find salad bars in most places boring but here you find delicious atypical vegetables like crunchy purslane, sea beans, ramps and fennel fronds, which I had to fight other people for at NYC's Union Sq Farmers' Market.Crudo is one of the most exciting restaurants in the Valley right now and at $30 for 3 savory courses, I plan to be there at least once a week.
5	Great Italian. Very fancy, very nice, very good presentation.  Very intimate and cool ambiance.  We really enjoyed ourselves!
5	Talk about a beyond incredible experience with the most unbelievable service.  I don't know if I'm the only one that feels this way, but I'm just so sick of spending money on the same mundane restaurants that can be found on nearly every corner; ones that run more like corporations than friendly neighborhood cafes.  I am on a mission to find new places that are as unique as they are delicious and BINGO!  Crudo proved to be that place.My boyfriend and I tried it a couple of weeks ago on a weekday when it was pouring rain outside so, lucky us, we had the already tiny place all to ourselves.  Our server (her name was Liz) was so friendly and knowledgable and took her time with explaining the menu to us thoroughly.  Not only did she rock, but the chefs were just as incredible.  In fact, the owner Cullen (I hope that's how you spell it) hung out with us and told us all about how he can make items that aren't even on the menu as long as he has the ingredients.  But I don't know why you would want to because his creations are so well-thought out and inspiring.  So, onto the meals.  My boyfriend got the Butterfish, which was phenomenal and anyone that has tried it will attest to this.  And I decided to be brave and try something raw for the first time.  I had one of the tunas and, unfortunately, wasn't completely in love (not because of the dish but because I'm so picky).  Anyway, it didn't go to waste and boyfriend enjoyed it enough to eat that dish too.  He did say he preferred the butterfish though...in case you were wondering.  Anyway, I went with something more safe: the veal.  I would go back there every day to eat that.  Seriously, it was incredible.  It also takes a little longer to cook so the chefs made us a little something special (on the house) while we were waiting.  Did I mention how awesome everyone is that works there?!Onto the dessert: BACON COOKIE!!!  I don't want to give it away and would rather you just be intrigued enough to go there and have one yourself.  Just know that it was so so yummy.All in all, it was a wonderful night and we stayed and talked to the staff for nearly another hour after we ate.  But don't take my word for it (or do).  Either way, try this place for yourself!
4	Quick review for a quick lunch I dined arrived around 11:30am on a Wednesday and the place was close to empty. No table service, but that was fine. I ordered the ham panini which was quite good; albeit just a bit small. Also, would have preferred a side other than potato chips. Price of the sandwich was $8 which seemed fair but would have hoped for a better side to be included. Vibe was different but good (shares space with retail shop and a salon patrons from next door wandered in). I will return to try more items from the menu.
5	It is not often you find a place that you can indulge your taste buds with perfect combinations.Crudo is a simple in its presentation and crudo by definition is defined  raw fish dish dressed with olive oil, sea salt, and citrus juice.  The Chefs here combine the perfect amount of salt and ingredients to enhance the natural flavors of the fish.I have now dined there three times and each time enjoy it more and more.  The location is different which makes it that much more enchanting.  You ask yourself 5 star food in a boutique/ spa?  There are about 5 tables inside and a small bar, the outside patio preferably weather permitting.Menu:  Basically two parts cold and hot - crudo always has a market fish available, along with about 5 other options.  What makes the crudo existing is that the flavors used to dress the Crudo are always changing.The Hot plates again about 5, you can generally expect a beet stained risotto or squid ink and tuna risotto both so good I can't decide which is better.  Also, on the menu when I have been there is the veal - always perfect and tender falling onto my fork.The flavors and talent of the chefs here are to be challenged by few in the valley.  Service:  You can't get more personal, the chefs are right there, talking, cooking and tasting.  One server generally taking care of the wine bottles turned glasses full of water.  They remember you, your tastes and are pleasant and love the food their serving.Wine List:  Wine list is small but solid, they seem to regularly have wine tasting, and I have attended two both in which the wines were spot on.  Not over the top expensive but nice well made wines.I cannot recommend enough, I think that you are missing a culinary experience if you don't attempt Crudo.  Your tongue won't regret it.
5	This place is a hidden gem!  I would give it more than 5 stars.The food and service was absolutely outstanding and I love the fact that it is two guys who own it and the girlfriend of one is the hostess/waitress.  First with the service.  The way Anna described the food in great detail, how it was made, the wine, etc. was fabulous.The food - OMG.   Crudo means raw in Italian.  But don't let that scare you, they have cooked stuff too. This is by far the best food I have had in Scottsdale.  We did the 3/$30 dishes so between the two of us, we got to try 6 different dishes.  I'll describe them all in detail for you foodies.  All of their fruit, veggies and meats come from local vendors and they are so fresh. First, they gave us a freebie.  Smoked olives in this yummy smoky olive oil with panini style foccia toasts.  OMG.  The olives weren't pickled and all you could taste was this smoky flavor.  It is the best thing I have ever eaten.  They need to jar these things.  Japanese Auction Fish - they get fresh fish from Japan.  This was  hamachi - so tender and fresh.  Sliced thinly and sprinkled with small bits of crumbled bacon, small bits of heirloom tomato with a light citrus viniagrette.  - FABULOUS!Fried squash blossoms stuffed with goat cheese in a beet gastrique.  The beet gastrique was sweet and so very good.Moved on to the main courses:  Gnocci, so pillowy tender you can't even believe it is gnocci.  It was in a proscuitto  brodo (which is like a broth infused with cheese) - to die for.Pesto rolled veal, on the plate was this deep, rich, veal gravy that was so tasty.  It had so much depth.  the veal was so tender.  This was my favorite.My boyfriend's favorite was the Mushrooms Au Gratin -- Oregon mushrooms, truffle,fingerlings, mozzarella, grana padano.  The mushrooms were thick and meaty, yet tender. It was topped with a fried egg, which I didn't think I would like, but it was perfect.  All mixed in with fresh mozzarella.  The truffle oil was subtle and it was seriously one of the best mushroom dishes I have ever had. These chefs are absolutely outstanding.  The only turn off for me and I'm sure a deterrent for others that walk by is that it is part of a hair salon.  The salon is in the back and you can't really tell but the tables inside are next to clothes and jewelry.  These guys really need to get a downtown scottsdale location to really showcase their art.  Don't miss this place.
4	Very small portions, but stellar food. Great patio dining. Their grilled polenta and sweet corn ice cream is one of the best desserts I've ever had!!
4	What a delicious and delightful dining experience! My husband, myself and another couple met for dinner on a Friday night. We were looking for something a little different and I was intrigued by all the great yelp reviews of Crudo so we decided to give it a try. There was a special wine dinner going on that night (which we did not partake in), so we were a little concerned that it would be really busy and loud. Unfortunately for the restaurant, it wasn't a problem. There were only a couple other tables the whole night. The restaurant shares a space with a little boutique, so the atmosphere was casual and a little funky- in a good way. The staff was friendly, helpful and very attentive. We took our time visiting and ordering slowly and we never felt rushed or neglected. It was still a bit warm outside, so we sat in, but I noticed a lovely patio that will be great once it cools down. We started our meal with the Local Farm Cheese plate and a couple glasses of good wine. Then we moved on to the rest. One of our party isn't into eating raw, so she had her own dish- the Mushrooms Au Gratin and was very satisfied. (She doesn't have a big appetite, so if you're hungry you might want to order another small plate to go with it). The rest of us shared 3 Crudos- the Butterfish, Albacore and Hiramasu and 3 Piattis- the Risotto, the Mushrooms and the Gnocchi. All were wonderful, but I'm still dreaming about the Butterfish and the Risotto! Portions are small, but high quality. The only negative is that it is a tad pricey, so I can't go every weekend.
4	Very pleasant experience. Great service, live music on the patio, beautiful decor. The food, although in VERY small portions, was delectable and unique. This is a great for a date night or special occasion.
5	I went with three friends to Crudo last Saturday to try it out since it had good reviews on here and was featured in Phoenix magazine.  It is unique in that it has an outdoor patio area but the indoor seating looks more like a 1950's ice cream shop with a store located in it.  Most of the diners including us sat outside.  My friends and I all chose to have 3 courses since we knew the plates were small and we wanted dessert to be one of our courses.  My first plate was of Gnocchi, which was very good.  My second course was the mushrooms au gratin with featured truffle mushrooms which are generally a very expensive ingredient.  It also had an egg on top which made it very unique. The egg portion wasn't featured on the menu but our server told me about it beforehand.    The dessert was my favorite part.  :-)  For dessert I ordered a grilled polenta with cornbread icecream and a great rhubarb jam on top.  The grilled polenta reminded me of a shortbread cookie.  I was hesitant to try corn as a dessert flavor, but it turned out sweet and not too overpowering.  I made a reservation not knowing how crowded it would be.  The restaurant was full but there was not a wait to sit, even without a reservation.  Still if you plan to go here I would suggest making a reservation.  My one dislike about this place was that it did take a while for the service and food to arrive.  If you want to go here for dinner on the weekend you should plan to take about 2 hours to eat a three course meal.Overall this was a great traditional Italian restaurant that I would recommend trying!
5	Cru-Do, or Cru-Don't? Crudo forshizzle! My hottie and I tried Crudo for the first time last Friday, and left very satisfied.  The idea of it being in a Salon is a bit strange, especially because the salon is also a boutique... so inside it appears to have a bit of identity crisis, but the outside seating is quant, comfy and offers some great Scottsdale people watching!  The menu is unique; all items are served in small portions, designed for you to try several items.  As a vegetarian, I was offered several options for modification on the menu, so don't be put off by the selections you see online, there is plenty to eat!  Also, the desserts are made daily, so they are not listed on the menu.   Everything was absolutely excellent, starting with the avocado salad, all the way through the goat cheesecake! Our server was very helpful and Chef Cullen came out to check on us a few times as well.  I would definitely recommend Crudo for a special occasion, unless spending $120 for dinner is an everyday thing for you.  Either way, you won't be disappointed.
5	Amazing!  If you like really flavorful, local, sustainable food this is a must.  The raw side of the menu surprisingly won me over against the non-raw side.  It may be my favorite dinner spot in Scottsdale now
5	A hidden gem in the vast Scottsdale culinary wasteland.   This is one of those places that exists because the chefs have a passion for food and not because they are looking to get rich.  We visited twice last week and had wonderful homemade gnocchi, unique mussels sourced from California, octopus from Tokyo and a variety of gourmet mushrooms from Flagstaff.  Need one say more?  This is not a place to visit if you're looking for a scene, or a romantic venue.  However, it is a must for real foodies.   Just go.
2	Location - Interesting that this restaurant shared a space with a junky gift shop. Their signage was very small and rested on a brick wall to the entrance. Ambiance FAIL.Food - The mushroom with truffle was fantastic. The beet salad was very interesting. The fingerlings anyone could have fixed. All portions were very small. Over priced!Service - There were only two other parties. The chefs visited those tables, but not mine. When I gave the server a Restaurant.com gift certificate she was very rude with no "Thank you". I would not come here again for mediocre service and 1/3 dishes being good.
5	After 10 years of living in Manhattan, NY, I have finally found a new restaurant in Scottsdale which serves high quality, haute italian cuisine.  Yes the portions are small, but its a tasting menu.  They are designed to take you on a wild flavor journey--which they certainly do.  Such a huge step up from the lack of substance this Valley has to offer!  If you think the food at places like the Vig and Postino are what high end eating is all about, this is probably not the place for you.  Splurge and take someone special on a date here.  And let the staff help you with wine pairings.  Seating on the patio is great.  The inside is totally kitsch but could be saved with some decent ambiance lighting.
3	Very enjoyable location for sitting outdoors and taking in passerbys in a hot spot !   Allow the waiter to explain the nouveau cuisine as it is light fare.My favorite is the Tuna appetizer and Rissoto entree.
4	Excellent dining experience. Very random that the restaurant is located in the gift shop of a salon, but once you take a bite of the food you really don't even notice or care. The Chef cooks in an open kitchen which I love and the server was great. My bf ordered the 5 courses and I ordered 4. It was perfect for the two of us. We split everything so got to try a good majority of the menu. We loved it all! Definitely check it out soon!
3	Not bad, the atmosphere is jeopardized because if feels like you are in a retail shop more than a restaurant.  The chef's talent come out with the very well plated dishes.This location is worth the time to stop by for a bite to eat,  I hope to see the restaurant gain its creditability and grown into something really nice.  The creativity of the food will one day out grow their current location.
5	Let me start this review by simply saying, thank you to Crudo.Crudo, found in old town Scottsdale, is actually inside of a salon right on the corner of 3rd avenue.  Yes, that is right, its inside a retail business operation.  Parking has never been a problem, including last night on a Saturday on Valentines day weekend.Originally founded by Cullen Campbell and Branden Crouser, formerly of Atlas Bistro, now the kitchen is run by just Cullen, as Branden as moved onto to take over as executive chef at Avalon.  Let me be clear, Cullen Campbell is a culinary genius.  It is reflected not only in his menu or dishes, but in the entire way he operates his business.  This is a chef who will not compromise quality for quantity, on any level.  When yelpers describe what a five star requires, they are speaking about the qualities that Mr. Campbell bring to the valley within Crudo.Last nights visit brought my standard choice of going off menu for a seven course tasting menu with Chef Campbell making all the decisions for both myself and companion.   Our waitress, with her ever present English accent, informed myself and companion that the live sea urchin would not be on the menu, as there was rough seas yesterday, and their supplier could not fish.  No, I am not kidding guys, this is the type of information you receive at restaurants that tout authenticity and true culinary inventiveness.  I was informed though, that there was some amazing foie gras in the house and I would be seeing it later.  I am getting off track though, so lets get down to what matters.The Amuse presented to our table was a delightful plate of in house smoked olives.  They were beautifully presented and tasted unique, even for olives.  We were not even into our first course yet and my companion and I shared that look worth a million dollars between us; This was going to be a great evening.  Our first course arrived and it was Chef Campbell's tried and true favorite, his butterfish crudo.  This is a beautiful, inviting, and absurdly delicious plate of sliced butterfish, marinated with olive oil, spices and what tasted like candied nuts.  No matter what changes to the menu the chef makes over time, this dish will always be there, just ask Thomas Keller at the French Laundry if he can remove his pearls of tapioca or tuna ice cream cones from the menu.  Our second course arrived at the table touting a bright red piece of tuna and fresh heirloom tomato.  Well seasoned with cracked sea salt and the tomato being extremely fresh made this dish satisfying and enjoyable.  We were almost done with our first bottle of champagne when course numero tres arrived and the conger eel made its appearance.  Chef, what are you trying to do me here?  This Eel was so good its scary.  It was a rectangle piece of cooked eel over braised kale.  This dish just kicked my ass, plain and simple, I could eat it for lunch or dinner every day of the week.We somewhat left the fish courses for the second half of the menu as the braised veal with polenta arrived.  The veal was tender, succulent and tasty as hell.  The polenta, surely house made, was excellent and the perfect accompaniment to the veal.  As this dish ended, some risotto hit the table. Not just any risotto, no, squid ink risotto.  I am unsure where else in Arizona I can acquire squid ink anything, let alone risotto, but here it was, sitting in front of us, in all its glory.  The risotto was cooked perfectly, spread out across the bowl in its perfect texture and sauce and tasted as if I was eating on Iron Chef Japan, the real Iron Chef television show(not the bullshit you see on food network nowadays).  Just as I thought the evening could not get any better, course number seven arrived, the foie gras.  Lets talk for a second here, alright.  Chef Campbell served my party, a peanut butter and jelly foie gras sandwich. True story.  It took me a second to figure out what was going on my plate as it hit the table, but i quickly figured it out.  There was a thick and delicious slice of prime foie gras on the plate. Underneath, a silky and savory peanut sauce with nuts, while on top of the foie gras was a delicate sauce of poached pear.  Served on the side were thin slices of homemade Challah bread.  Who does this chef think he is??? When put together, this dish kicked the ever loving shit out of me in a way that cannot begin to describe.  It was genius, it was brilliance, it was inventive, it was one chef single handily taking the valley to the next level of culinary adventures.There is not much more I can say about this restaurant. There is no six star rating on Yelp.  Here is my conclusion, if you consider yourself a foodie, if you consider yourself a culinary adventurer, then do yourself the favor and go to Crudo.  Call ahead, introduce yourself, make a reservation and let them know you are coming for the time of your life. This is the restaurant to treat yourself too, this is the future.
1	Good food, if you can get attention. One guy that works there pays no attention to the register and after 10 min waiting, LOOKING at him just staring at the computer behind the bar, made me decide I'll wait and maybe next time I go for a haircut they will be paying attention... :(
1	I tried to buy a small snack and a soda there. I was told they don't accept debit or credit cards for purchases under $5. Guess I won't be a customer of yours. (and not in the future either)
5	Now this is how fine dining should be!  Crudo is all about the food and there is not a whiff of pretension anywhere.  If your interested in a dining experience that is more about snooty patrons, pretentious waiters and a formal atmosphere than the actual food, Crudo may not be for you.  If however, you are interested in amazing food then you should definitely treat yourself to a meal at Crudo.The atmosphere feels like an upscale Bistro rather than a traditional fine dining destination.  There are a few patio tables with a view of old town Scottsdale and a few indoor tables that have an amazing view of the kitchen.  Inside that kitchen is the genius chef who you can watch buzz around creating your fantastic food.  And then the food... my god!  It is literally some of the best food I have ever tasted.  The menu is constantly changing but I doubt you could go wrong with any option and there are some general tips I can offer.  First, go with the multi-course option.  This will allow you to try many of the chefs creations.  Second start with one, or more, of his raw fish preparations.  I have had butterfish, yellowfin tuna and two different big-eye tuna dishes at Crudo and each one was a an italian delight to rival the best sushi.  The butterfish was the best fish I have ever tasted!  I could not heap enough praise onto that particular dish to do it proper justice.  Finally, be prepared to have a long meal.  The chef does all the cooking himself, with some prep help from a sous chef, so the courses take a while.  But believe me, with the right company the time will be enjoyable and the food is more than worth it!
5	The mushrooms au gratin and the rolled veal breast is excellent!  The chef is a magician!  I wouldn't say no to anything he makes!
4	Just went here for lunch.  I really wanted to try this place for dinner, but I was in the area (@ Steven Paul for a haircut), was hungry, and had a gift cert from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  There are a few paninis and pizzas on the menu for lunch.  They have about 5 or 6 paninis on the menu and they all sounded pretty good.  The chef said the grilled cheese was his fav so I had to go with that.  It wasn't the best grilled cheese I've ever had but it was pretty darn good.  The bread was amazing and the roasted red pepper stuff was a unique touch.  The chips that came with were pretty standard.  The paninis are about 8 bucks a pop so I guess that is pretty standard for the area and not totally outrageous.  I didn't like, however, that they had no salads on the menu and were out of the 'soup of the day'.For something sweet my wife and I split the pudding.  It was sweet, chocolaty, thick and rich.  Although it was very small, it was more than enough for 2 people to take a few spoon-fulls so it was perfect.The chef/cashier was extremely friendly and helpful.  I definitely want to come back to try their dinner creations after looking at the Yelp reviews.
4	I hate my birthday, I do mean hate here. Still my good friend insisted on treating me to dinner at Crudo for it.  Fortunately this place offered a positive association with that aweful date.The menu was fresh and interesting, offering a lot of items I had never considered food (i.e. Squid Ink). Their menu is always changing so it'll often offer some unique surprises.The most perplexing thing about the experience was that Crudo is tucked inside an upscale Salon (this also made it a little more challenging to find). This made the restaurant seem like more of a hobby for the salon, but if that's the case they're very passionate about their hobbies :)
2	One of the most bizarre dining experiences of my life. This place is awkwardly attached to a combination beauty salon and weird shop selling random clothes, jewelry, greeting cards and the like. There was literally no ambiance as the tables inside (as opposed to their patio) are literally in the middle of the store while you are being assaulted by the smell of hairspray and other chemicals from the salon. In addition to the setting, the service was terrible and they were out of about a quarter of the items on their menu and wine list. The cherry on top was that they serve tiny portioned raw sashimi, yet it takes about 30 minutes for each dish to come out. So you eat four little bites of fish and then wait for 30-45 minutes for your next four little bites of fish. It was almost comical by the end of our meal, which took two hours - and not in a good way where you are enjoying yourself so much you don't realize you've spent two hours at the table. All in all it was a bizarre and brutal dining experience. I would never go back.
5	The location: -2 stars. The restaurant is TINY, and located within a gift shop. That being said, the food: 7 stars. Almost every dish had perfectly-balanced flavors, and each was new, exciting, and utterly delicious. I'm afraid "fantastic"  doesn't begin to describe the flavor profile and depth of ingredients. The farm salad, in particular, was so good it left me speechless. And as an added benefit, the service is impeccable. Both the waitress and the chef went out of their way to make our experience amazing - and I am glad to report that they succeeded.
3	Let me lay this out for everyone... To start, I am a fan of raw foods, I have my limits, but I have gone on fun raw diets just for the Ayurvedic pleasure of it all. Sushi is my favorite food, and salads are a great friend. So when I heard a friend of mine had a coupon for this restaurant, Crudo, I jumped at the chance! Three of us decided to go. Upon arriving to the restaurant/cafe portion of the building, there was no hostess stand so we just stood there for a minute until someone poked their head around and said "Oh, uhhh just have a seat anywhere..." and we sat outside since it was lovely last week. Then we waited for about five minutes for a server to come around. She was nice enough but seemed overwhelmed from the moment we came in although only two other tables arrived while we were there on a Thursday night... Not the best start.The menu was explained to us very well, although she had to dash off and ask the chef a couple of questions in regards to the desserts for the evening when we asked... We also chose the 3 for $30 option. We decided on several menu items including an order of butterfish for each of us, then I got the tuna, and the squid ink risotto. My friends each got the seafood stew, and a mushroom/potato dish along with a fish I've never tried before, and a truffle/chicken heart something or other. The butterfish came after about 20 minutes of waiting and was extremely tender and buttery. The only other place I've had it is at Roka Akor and it did rival it, which is impressive. I could have eaten three orders of that. The mushroom/potato dish is the second best out of what we had, and then we had the squid ink risotto, which is so black it stains your teeth-- and is absolutely amazing.  I love risotto, squid ink sounds weird, but I was impressed. It added a slightly smoky flavor. The seafood stew was good, but the broth was  the best part of it because the veggies were so "raw" that it made them a bit difficult to eat. The courses were spaced out by about 30 minutes apiece which is difficult when you're feeling pretty hungers and there's not much there substantially in the meal. They don't believe in any sort of "filler foods" at the table or bring by anything in between like other restaurants of this nature sometimes offer. They have a small kitchen, though, so I suppose it's within their means. So, I give a 2 in terms of service, but a 4 in terms of tastiness level. I do think I would return if I am seriously craving some butterfish. :)
4	Love the turkey sandwich!!!  Great lunch spot and get enviornment.  Love the store there too!
4	Mushroom Au Gratin is absolutely AMAZING!!!
4	Random and somewhat hard to find location, but the food is to DIE for! Very unique concept, raw italian food. But the taste is impeccable. I hope they haven't closed :(
