4	The basic rule of thumb for us gringos when it comes to getting authentic, delicious, cheap Mexican food is to go to Mexican restaurants that actually have Mexicans eating in them. Lupita's is one such restaurant.Make no mistake, Lupita's is a dive. A complete and total dive. And what can you expect for a restaurant based in El Mirage? It's not exactly the gastronomic capital of the world and Lupita's doesn't disappoint.  The furniture is mismatched and the sombreros that are hanging on the wall are definitely cheesy.  Even the Christmas lights that are hung up are hap-hazard at best.  However, there are no better Carne Asadas, Green Chili Burros, or dare I suggest it...the Gringo's delight....tacos...in the Valley! A kids' menu is available with the usual kid-type fair and the adult menu has a broad spectrum of delicious offerings sure to please the most discernable palate. On Friday nights, there is a live Mariachi band from 6:30-9:30PM and Mondays-Thursdays, margaritas are only $1.99 from 3-7PM. And those margaritas are quite yummy!The service staff is friendly, relaxed, and treat everyone like regulars and there are A LOT of regulars. Guests can sit wherever they like and there is always a game of some sort on the televisions. And dependings on the evening, you can find Lupe herself cooking in the kitchen. Take out service is available and they are more than capable of handling orders large and small in short order.Oh, did I mention the fresh, housemade salsa? Yeah...that's a definite must have as well. The chips are fresh and hot...not hot from under a heat lamp, hot from being just take out of the fryer. Again, make no mistake, this place is a total dive, but you will not regret for a second going to Lupitas' for your dose of Mexican food delights.
3	How did I end up here???This looks like Tijauana threw up all over the place in here. That being said ..CHow Chow- I had the Fry bread taco style it was good. Nothing too special but I did clean my plate. The bread was soft and warm and you can tell it was very fresh , however the cheese and other items seem like they came out of a bag that had been frozen. Looks galore- the decor is just madness , hodge podge of all things mexico. But the building is very stange too its part of a indoor mall that looks like worlds smallest swap mart and it was kinda creepy because everything was closed. and you park in the scary ally in the back and creep through the back door, i felt like I needed some password.Why I would go back- The super smiley happy as anything, waitress greeting up super quick and was super nice. Food came out as we ate the owner greeted up and just felt so welcomed!Let me wrap this up- It just like any semi generic mexican restaurant , so dont go out of your way to get here. But I bet it is always consistent with the food on your plate.
4	I've been eating Lupe's food for years, first at La Fondita, then here at Lupita's.  It's fantastic; the daily specials are always a good value, and I've had about everything on the menu at some point and I've never been disappointed by any of the selections.  The green chili is probably my favorite.  The chips and salsa are always fresh and delicious.  Usually I get takeout for lunch so can't attest to the margarita quality but I've heard good things.  The decor is a little wild, but I don't come here to look at the art, I come here for the great food.
4	Absolutely great food is to be found here!  Yes, it looks like the back of a large .99cent store, but ignore all that and be brave.  It is probably one of the top three mexican restaurants in the valley!Authentic, fun, friendly!  This gringo approves.  : )
4	Very authentic menu, it's refreshing since most Mexican restaurants nowadays are so Americanized.  One of few places you can get really good tripa tacos and its a friendly environment. I can't complain for being a mom and pop restaurant it's clean and appealing.
