4	Its better than taco bell. You get more meat. The menu has more diversity and they shakes are delicious.
4	I also prefer this place to Taco Bell any day. This specific location is open 24 hours a day. As far as I know, there is not a 24 hour Taco Bell in town (again, as far as I know). So if I preferred Taco Bell, I couldn't access it whenever I wanted, thumbs down. The #5 is an excellent choice. Two big fat chicken tacos, fries, and a drink. Or, you could go with a #4, two chicken tacos, fries, and a drink. Yes I like their chicken tacos. Both combos are satisfying to my tummy. Even their hot sauce is hotter and tastier! I will continue to go to Del Taco when that late night craving takes over.
3	This is a Del Taco, Service standard, food standard. Its definitely not Cafe Rio
3	Not bad prices are ok as well:)
2	This Del Taco has very poor management. The size of your order will vary. Make sure you get what you pay for: They have a tendency to make the order small to save money for the company.They have had three or four managers in 2013 at this location. On Taco Tuesday they did not have sugar for the ice tea. Three days later they still did not have sugar. I guess they expect us to poison ourselves with aspartame.As you can tell by my review I'm pretty upset! I would issue only one star for this restaurant accepts food is good when you finally get what you order.I heard from a former manager that this restaurant got 33 demerits during its last health department department inspection.If you have a choice, I would pick a different Del Taco restaurant for your business:
4	I thought I would write a review update for this location. After going through about us three managers, they had finally found a manager who can run the store correctly. The service overall is generally pretty good. In most cases the store is clean except, when they are slammed unable to get to the lobby for cleaning. Overall, I would recommend this Del Taco location
3	Del Taco is the second faux-Mexican aberration to come out of California (behind Taco Bell).  Being a transplanted Californian in Las Vegas, I'll go out of my way for Roberto's.  That being said, it'll do in a pinch.
