4	I am thrilled with the care I have received!!!  I have a challenging situation with my contacts due to my type of perscription and each step of the way my doctor and the team have worked to make the process work for me.  They take the time to explain and find solutions.
5	Excellent, fast service. They were very busy due to people, like myself, using their insurance coverage before their benefits expired for the year. My doctor was excellent, although I failed to remember her name. This was Lenscrafters at the Boulevard Mall. I will definitely be back.
5	I was very, very impressed with staff and Dr. Capulong. They have online paperwork, so when I arrived for my appointment I only had to sign a couple of pieces of paper. I waited about 10 minutes and after that my appointment moved along at a good pace. I was in and out within an hour. Staff was very pleasant and I was so, so impressed with the doctor. I've had an issue with wearing contact lenses recently and had seen an ophthalmologist, because the last two optometrists I went to just shrugged off my discomfort. Well, the ophthalmologist I saw in March has changed offices, my eye seemed to be better, so I thought it would take a chance on seeing a new optometrist. Unlike the other optometrists I had seen, Dr. Capulong was extremely knowledgeable about my condition. She was also very thorough with the exam, and thoroughly explained everything I needed to know. Very friendly, and a very easy-going manner. I so appreciate not seeing somebody who just grunts at me and goes about their business. I would recommend this doctor and this location to anyone.
5	Wow!  What a professional staff & organization!  Everything---from billing to the procedure/tests--was thoroughly explained to me, and in a very 'non-condescending' way...as well as using layman's terms!  It was an awesome and positive experience.  I will DEFINITELY be back!  ('Ive been in customer service for over 30 years, & I also had a talk show interviewing different doctors.  I know when my service is outstanding!Thank you for the opportunity to provide positive and well-deserved feedback!
1	If you're a busy professional, or a person with any self respect, you need to avoid this place.  I purchased a year's supply of contacts that came with a "personal guarantee" from the optometrist to replace any and all lenses that are faulty.  I had two go bad and when I went in to get them replaced I was told that my prescription was expired and they could not help me.  That was shady, but I assumed that was the policy.    Then I received a phone call a few days later.  They apologized and said I could come and pick them up.  That they would honor their guarantee.  I explained that the busy nature of my profession would not allow me to come back in for awhile.  They responded that the replacement lenses would be waiting for me whenever I made it in.  Today I went to get them and lo and behold the same issue ensued.  I explained that we had already gone through this issue and that I didn't have time to keep going through this.  I was then engaged by a low level (yet quite smug) manager who crossly asked if I had the name of the person I spoke with.  I didn't, so she told me that giving me my lenses represented a risk.  The stupidity of that statement aside, I retorted that I was too busy to deal with this issue and to please remove me from their records and not to contact me again.  She very sarcastically told me to have a great day, to which I responded that I prefer she did not.  She then, again, just to be a jerk, replied "don't worry, I will!"  Pettiness from a petty human being....  Upon reflection, it has become quite clear what we have here.  The bottom line is that this is a location that is meant to service people without means.  They are accustomed to dealing with people who they can push around, I suspect, since this is the second person I've encountered on a power trip.  They are also, not surprisingly, grotesquely incompetent.  It's not a good mix.  For me, it was conveniently located near my country club, so I gave it a chance.  What a huge mistake and, more importantly, what a massive waste of time that I don't have.  Do yourself a favor and just go elsewhere.
