5	First time visiting this store. I see this promoted on the designer channels on TV but going in was AWESOME. My new hangout for home accessories and much more. Worth a visit.
5	Ooh I love my Homegoods store big time. Only problem is.....it's addictive. In a good way of course. Great prices and every possible home decor item from furniture to linens to art work with a lot of unique and interesting in between. If you need something for your love shack, stop in. I guarantee you will be wandering the store for  at least an hour . What a great place to spend the hours.
5	OMG, had I not discovered this place through Facebook, I probably would have never gone in.. But I did.. and I'm absolutely in love with this place. They have the cutest stuff and everything except for the big stuff is reasonably priced. This place is way better than Bed, Bath, & Beyond. After I went here, I never went back to them. :)
4	I like coming in here for a look and see, that's were I just browse the isles and pick up whatever I find I need.  Sometimes I find it and sometimes I don't.  I did have an agenda today, I am looking for a clothes hamper. This place has all kinds of things for the bath and home, including a hamper, but not want I was wanting.  With three cats at home, it has to be sturdy enough to withstand their claws!This is a great store for home furnishings, prices can be reasonable.
5	This place has the best deals!  I always get comforter sets here. The frames are great as well. They carry a lot of Lenox and Micasa china.
5	5 stars from me. Its fun...also lots of things inside to make a home your home. Good title for the store. Deals are here so it wont break the bank. I got a few pillows and the husband and I notices a shelf was about to fall so we let staff know and one lady stood their as if she didn't care but the other took off running after saying thank you for the heads up. Its nice to see that one lazy person does not ruin the bunch. I will return often as I can. I saw a lot of things that would make my new home all mine with my own personal touches.
5	I am in full blown house decorating mode. HomeGoods has a good selection of items for the home that will not break the bank. Decorative pieces and essentials are the two sections that I would say they are the strongest in. I have been in a few times now and have left with something each time. Within a couple of weeks, the selection will change and stay current. Right now shades of blue and greens are everywhere. The prices are unbelievable. Items such as lamps are expensive at other stores, but they are reasonable here. If you want high quality items at low prices than HomeGoods is the place to go.
5	I enjoy coming in here to browse and dream about how to prettify my humble abode.  I've bought decorative vases and the fake branches that go in them, artwork that looks like real paintings, and kitchen towels/cloths, all at very reasonable prices. The store is clean and the number of items is rather astounding.  I admit that I'm always tempted to buy more pretty table linens, just because they're cheap!  Also, if you want to get some discounted Le Creuset or KitchenAid stuff, look here.
5	Yes I give it 5 stars, but DON'T GO.  I want all the amazing things to myself.  You don't want to save money and decorate your home with great finds.  You  don't want to try gourmet food items for half the cost.  Nope you know you DO NOT want to go here.  This place is MINE MINE MINE.  : )
1	After using an area rug for four months, we decided to take it back because it was falling apart.  The store manager said it was not in good enough condition to return.  I said that's the whole point a carpet should not be this worn in a four month period.  This is a very poor quality item.  The manager refused to give me a credit back for the defective product  - so I walked out and said I will never return to a Home Goods Store
5	This is my go-to store for boutique style soap. The prices are awesome. I always seem to find something for my house that I didn't know I needed, although my husband often vetoes a lot of the cool stuff I find. They have a great selection of stuff, and it gets changed up every few months.
5	This is a very excellent spot to take your boyfriend if you want to punish him. The thing about this store is that you never go in there to find anything specifically; you always just go see whatever there is to see. I personally love that. But men don't respond well when there is no actual shopping mission and every time I see a guy in there he appears all sad and forlorn. Ladies, just please stop bringing husbands and stuff in there, it is getting weird with all these depressed dudes lingering around looking all sad. It harshes my shopping buzz, okay?If you are without a dude for the day I highly recommend checking out this whole shopping area. It's great if you have an afternoon to kill and want to shop around without an actual shopping mission.I was going to give this place 4 stars because sometimes the line can get a little cray... but usually when that happens I just go look at some more stuff for a little while until they get it under control. So I'm giving it 5 stars because the store is interesting enough to just dive back in if the line is too dumb.Something noticeably absent from this place is annoying salespeople following you around, awkwardly greeting you and trying to be your new BFF. Maybe some people like that, but I don't need a new BFF and I don't go in there to chat. I just want to rummage through some great stuff without being forced into shallow niceties with strangers. Good job, Homegoods!
5	This is a really solid Homegoods for people who love to decorate their homes and/or bake and cook. Everything is clean and put on shelves, yet it's still pretty disorganized in a way.This is my place to stop by and get cheap shower curtains when mine are dirty. It's also a place to get really cheap bakeware when kitchen stores are just too pricey!! The decoration items, however, can really range in price. There are some quality items in the clearance items for cheaper! Take your time and know what you're looking for so the search will be faster :)
5	I love this HomeGoods over the other location by my house in Seven Hills. This HomeGoods is amazing and has everything I need in the store. I have bought vases, dishware, furniture and home decor items from here. I think I have bought almost everything they have to offer here at this store. I love the location and I love how everything is so close to this store. I love coming up to this store and just going crazy and buying what I need. I don't think their has been a time when I walked out with nohting in my hands. I love how the store is very clean and everything is organized in a way that only makes sense to people who go to HomeGoods a lot. The prices are amazing and everything changes every couple of weeks which I love because trends are always changing and going. Make sure you check out this store you won't regret it
4	I enjoy coming here to browse and look for shit I didn't know I needed. When it comes to home stuff, the items are generally nice and the prices are normally in a range I'm willing to pay. I would say their strong suit is decorative pieces. I find a lot of nice decor items, vases and lamps here compared to anywhere else. I think 80% of the table lamps at my moms house we acquire through here. Nice statues and accents for the table seem to pop up here often. I also tend to find a lot of kitchen essentials here so if you need nice stoneware, stemware, cute chopping boards, etc. then look here first. Dog beds are usually cheaper and nicer than Petsmart next door. The turnover is pretty high, so don't sleep too long on a item, but also means there will be new items every week. They're owned by the same company as TJMaxx and Marshalls so if you have one of their cards you save a bit and on occasion you can find some items at all 3 so if you only found a glass set of 4 and need another, you're bound to find it at one of the three stores. I dig coming here. It's always been one of my favorite stores for getting "the look, for less".
4	My whole house has at least one piece from home goods. They always have new things coming in stock. They always have the cutest new items that follow the trends. And prices are very reasonable. Not always very organized but still go every chance I can!
2	I love the selection of the items but the customer service is TERRIBLE. Be prepared to wait a LONG time to check out. They usually have only one register and if you have a return be prepared to wait even longer. The employees are slow and if they see 10 people waiting in line to pay they don't speed up or add additional help. I'm actually writing this review as a wait in a long, slow line. Every single time I come it's like this.
3	After over a year of driving past this store, I finally went in yesterday. Jordan and I have been upgrading the furniture in our house, so it's only right to upgrade the decor as well. This store had so many cute items, although not much different than Ross or TJMaxx's home area. It wasn't organized the best which made it difficult to push the cart around. There were quite a number of things we liked, and all of the gluten free, vegan snacks got us on the way out.
2	Nice prices... Horrible customer service... I'll only be back because they have really cute stuff...
1	Worst service!! Assistant manager Trish doesn't know what customer service is about. I have worked in retail for 10 years and aware on how customers should be treated. Will never go back to this location ever again!
5	Love this place! Such great deals you always find something, even when you don't need anything! They always have the coolest gadgets for your home, kitchen, etc.
5	I love this store. I always find something that I am looking for.......and things I am not looking for. The quality of the glassware and crystal are amazing. I love to decorate with holiday items from this store also, always unique merchandise.
