4	innovative happy hour specials and quality food. The idea of beer for next to nothing until someone uses the bathroom is an amusing way to get people in the door. accommodating for larger groups, I would frequent this place if I lived closer
2	Meh. Nothing special.  Definitely not worth the drive if you don't live nearby.  But, if you are in the area, itching to get out of the house, want some live music (not necessarily GOOD music) and cheap drinks, this place will work.
4	I was enticed into Daddy Mac's on a Friday night for the "Free beer for everybody till someone goes to the bathroom or leaves the building." promotion.  There was little hype around the event and most of the patrons were not drinking beer.  Oh well, we got a few for free so that was cool.  Otherwise the draft Coor's Light was $2 or $2.50 or $0.00 depending on which bartender you ordered from.  At any rate, it was a cheap night.We had an order of the chicken fingers and they were great.  Really similar to the ones at Crown and Anchor but bigger pieces of chicken.They had some long haired dude playing guitar on stage, he was pretty good and when his girlfriend/duet partner got on stage it got even more entertaining.Their location is weird, near the bend where Patrick turns into Green Valley.  I never would have known about the place if it wasn't for their radio advertising.  Happy Hour runs 4-6pm and they usually have some type of promotion going most nights of the week, check out their website for more info.  www.daddymacsbar.com
5	Daddy Macs was an awesome experience. We went in for Happy Hour after we heard about it. It was great. The place is very chill and relaxing. Very neatly decorated. The staff was quick, efficient, and friendly. The live music during happy hour was a great bonus. The drinks are 50% off and $5 appetizers. We split the Nachos, Bacon Cheddar Sliders, and Chicken Fingers. WOW! The Nachos were incredible. The cheese sauce and real cheese combo was tasty. The Sliders were outstanding. You get a perfectly cooked chopsteak butter burger patty, cheddar cheese and 2 strips of crisp thick cut bacon. Got Damn good. Chicken Tenders were buttermilk battered crispy goodness. Fresh chicken makes a better tender. They gave us little pamphlets when we paid about other cool specials. Like Ladies night, and free beer night. Very cool place and will be going there atleast once a week. A very fun, cool, and hip hangout.
2	Being the sun of an a beauty queen and raging meth addict I was often told three things. One, never fall asleep with a lit crack pipe. Two, Mommy's new friend is going to stay over and you need to sleep in the garage. Third, and most important, looks are everything. I have believed those things like some people believe in their religion, their children or their bartender...that is how much I believed. Religion gets you to drink poisoned cool-aid. Children are lying little snot monsters. Bartenders water down drinks and take an extra 10% when you just need a little release from the cute waitress with the terrible smokers cough...she says you're special...but you're not. I never fell a sleep with a lit crack pipe...except those two times...and believe me...me and my 16 neighbors learned that lesson! Mommy may have new friends staying over, don't know...I left that trailer park a long time ago...the night 5 of her guy friends spent the night. I will always remember it...I just turned 8.  Last, and certainly not least...I always believed that looks are everything.  I left my first wife when she gained six pounds...pregnancy is no excuse. I left wife number 2 when I saw those horrible split ends.  Wife number 3...lets not talk about that...but I have learned my mother is wrong. She was wrong about talc preventing herpes and about looks being everything...and Daddy Mac's taught me that.I went to Daddy Mac's because my court appointed babysitter forced me to. He is an unyielding man. The kind of man that will punch a squirrel for running in his path. A cruel man. He had a coupon...a cheap man. We went. I was properly medicated (two shots of Nyquil and 4 ambien) or life would have been very different for all of us. The first thing that struck me was that the place is beautiful. It is really a great looking space.  Red wals, classic photos, black stools, and a great looking stage. The bar was properly lit in that "look at me I am fancy" kind of way. Not unique...none of it was...it was a mishmash of weird Rat Pack era dreams.  Okay...its cool...I have had dreams about rats...it's cool.  My dreams were more original and classier. Okay...so it looks good. So what...I am not eating the walls, not anymore...that lead paint may taste good but it really messes you up. First of all the food is over priced by at least 20% and if it was good I would still be pissed...but here is the second point...the food was awful.  Ask yourself this...why do I love Rex so much? Then ask...is it hard to make a hamburger? Well, at Daddy Mac's it must be a really hard skill. The first time I got it the burger was well...I asked for medium rare...so Rex sends that crap back...and it comes back rare.  So rare that when heated later on a hotplate in seedy motel room it was barely medium rare.  The babysitter had the same problem.  The onions were raw. There wasnt enough toppings. It was insane.  Where was the care? Where was the love? Where was the effort?  No where to be found.  The fries were good. The tomato bisque was very good. The chicken salad with brie and apples was great on paper but not good when ordered. Cheap brie. The apples were mealy and the cook has no quality control.With a coupon and head full of drugs this could be passable...but Rex warns you...don't go if you like food. Go if you like red walls. Go if you like pictures of the Rat Pack. Go if you don't care about quality. Order a tall glass of bleach and put yourself out of the misery your life must be.
4	I live across the street, and it's nice to know there's something close by.First time I went here was for the Pacquiao-Cotto fight.  It was the only place we could find that was showing it for free. The nachos looked bomb but we didn't order them, we just came from the Rio... but that's another review.Most recent time I came here, I ordered the italian beef sandwich with a side salad.  wasn't too fond of the ice berg lettuce but BF's fries were awesome.  The sandwich looked plain but the peppers on the side made up for it once I dumped them into my sandwich.  The booths are gigantor and it's comfortable seating.  Staff is friendly (too friendly?).  They usually have things going on throughout the week and they usually give fliers for them with your bill.  I don't know if they're meant to look silly but they do! After a good laugh we decided we'd like to come back again to see what the bands are all about.  We might be laughing at the expense of the performers but that's why they're there... right?I would be happier if the food was more affordable.  Beer was $2 so la-dee-da. Really, rating is a high 3.5.... can you please add half/quarter stars yelp?!
1	I've driven by Daddy Macs several times, and wondered what it was about. Last night, it was late, I was hungry, and decided to stop in.I walked in the door, seated myself (there didn't seem to be any waitstaff around), and discovered that it was "Comedy" night - though I use the term "comedy" very loosely.  The "entertainers" consisted of young African-American men, yelling "Niggah" "Sh*t" and various other profanities as loud and as often as they could.Now, I'm no prude. I get *shock* comedy. But this was just loud and juvenile. The biggest laugh came when he screamed,"Hey ladies, if you've got a clean p**sy, lemme hear ya yell!"Nobody yelled, and that silence got a laugh.When the silence is funnier than the comic, you know you're in trouble.Meanwhile, nobody comes to take an order, and I notice that none of the other tables have food. I guess I could have gone up to the bar to see if they were serving food, [at a restaurant?!] but I was beginning to feel like I wasn't going to be there long enough to enjoy it anyway.After the requisite gay, ghetto, and prostitute jokes -  the third "entertainer" came on, and started in on a White couple in the front, with "Hey! You White folks.... you know all about the KKK, right?" I thought,"That's my cue. I'm outta here."All in all, I was probably there for a half-hour.I never saw a waiter. I never had a drink or food.The "entertainment" ranged from dull to offensive.Needless to say, I now know everything I need to know about Daddy Macs. I won't be back.
1	We've been to Daddy Mac's a couple times before and enjoyed it.  Purchased a couple restaurant.com certificates to use there and thought tonight would be perfect after visiting the Ethel M cactus garden for a nice holiday dinner.Surprise!!!!  We walked in to a handful of people listening to a performer on stage-NO ONE in the dining area.  Were informed that there "was a problem with the kitchen" and no food would be served until the new year.  WHAT????  This is a "gaming RESTAURANT".  NO FOOD for a couple of weeks?  What the f***?  We were told we could use our restaurant.com certificate for drinks, but we needed food-not $35 worth of liquor.Very disappointed tonight-and confused.  There was nothing posted on the door-or Daddy Mac's website.  Hate traveling across town to find out that the kitchen is closed.  Weird to say the least.  Still trying to figure out why you would close your kitchen for the entire holiday when, if anything, I would have thought they'd be catering holiday parties.All I can say is that it makes me wonder.
2	Alright so iWent here on a sat; when "Wu.Tang" was there! WhoTF are they! -_- seriously! Smh Anywhoo;  the Club is pretty nice bathrooms were clean They have about 3 flat screens at the bar; the patio was pretty nice w|. a Great view bottom line is, it's pretty nice in there! The club as far as having fun is whack  ; the  music was whack, the ppl were whack iSwear iSaw a dude in bball Shorts -_-; where they do that at!? But iJust moved to Vegas soo I've only been here once, Friends told me that's it's never like that and that iProbably went on a bad night! Blah! I'll try again MAYBE! but till then I'll give this place 2stars #ThatIsAll
4	Cool little spot where me and my boys get together to watch the UFC fights . It's better to buy a pitcher of beer for $10.00  than a bottle for $4.00 . I don't drink alcohol but my boys do
2	Went tonite for the first time. We arrived after Happy Hour so I can't comment on that. Music was provided by an elderly jazz duo and it was different but interesting. No comedians or rap music while we were there on this Tuesday Nite. We were seated in a booth right away next to a very large group. They had already ordered and were getting their food when we sat down. There was 1 harried but pleasant woman working the bar and waiting tables. She showed us to our booth. A young man appeared from the back and took our drink and food orders. He brought the drinks and food to our table. I had sliders and sweet potato tater tots - so so so good especially the gruyere and mushroom M had buffalo sandwich and fries - said it was good V had cheeseburger and fries - also said it was good The problems started when our food arrived. They each asked for ranch dressing. We never saw our waiter again. Another large group had arrived after we ordered. After taking their orders, he never returned from the kitchen. That left the 1 waitress to serve the entire room. No one checked on us for the remainder of our meal. We got water refills by flagging down the only server in the room. Getting the check took a lot of effort. After waiting almost 20 minutes:1st -We had to flag down the server, she was still the lone waitstaff in the room. 2nd -She printed off all of the checks and asked us which was ours. 3rd - I had a radio coupon so she had to ring up the order again, which would have been OK except she added a 18% tip!! For poor service?!?! What the?!?! That was the last straw. Food: 2 stars only because it was good Service: minus 3 stars Value: High prices + Poor service = Why would we go back?
2	We went here for a Groupon Now Deal. Sign said to seat ourselves so we did. Took about 15 minutes for the server to introduce herself to us and take our drink orders. She was the only server working the entire place but she was nice but was not very good.  When we ordered our drinks, I asked for hot tea and got room temperature tea. I said can you just change my order to an iced tea and that was much better although NOT what I wanted. Was informed there was no milk or good juices for my kid either. Some old guy with long silver hair was singing (butchering) classic songs on the stage and getting drunk making the same old chessy rehearsed toast each time (probably about 4 times while we were there). His blonde backup singer was horrible also and it was sad that we has to listen to it. So when we ordered out food we had gotten Chicken Parmesan and penne noodles and the 2X Burger with fries. The food was ok. The Chicken parmesan was mediocre slather with was too much cheese. The 2X burger was pretty tasty. No complaints here except the fries were too salty. After we finished our meal the server took almost 20 minutes to get us our check. We gave her the groupon and she came back 5 minutes later saying that the groupon stated in the 'fine print' that there is an 18% automatic gratuity added onto it. NOT TRUE, thats for restaurant.com vouchers but oh well. i was gonna make it an even amount and she just made it so she got a smaller tip than i intended even though she did not deserve it. She was barely present and took way too long to get things to us, but then again she was the only person serving the whole place. So all in all. I will probably not be coming back to this place. Chicken Parmesan price: $242X burger price: $17 Tea: $3Cup of Sierra Mist: $3. FOOD: Not Worth the high pricesSERVICE: Took too long but server was nice when she came aroundATMOSPHERE: Horrible entertainmentDEAL: I guess it was a good deal for what I paid. (w/ coupon: less than $20)
4	I was only there for a quick minute, but the atmosphere was excellent!Will return for a full experience.
3	Decided to try the place out after my girlfriend picked up the groupon. The location was very poorly chosen...I think it used to be an office building or something cause it's a very weird place to put a restaurant. Doesn't really look like a restaurant either, if we hadn't been seeking it out we probably wouldn't have noticed it. Anyway we were seated upstairs. My girlfriend had the spicy burger, I had the Sinatra steak which was a strip cooked over onions and peppers glazed in a sweet cherry sauce. The food came soon enough and the waitress was friendly. The burger was tasty but nothing particularly memorable. My steak was cooked medium rare as requested and the sweet sauce, though a nice touch, didn't blow me away. The cut was of average quality. A baked potato came on the side, garnished with sour cream and chives. Pretty standard stuff. The restaurant interior definitely suggested that this building wasn't originally intended to be an eatery . The ambiance didn't impress me at all, decorations looked rather tacky as though they were an afterthought. Don't get me wrong-- I have no complaints about my meal-- I'm glad we went. But I don't see us coming back and paying full price anytime soon.  Prices were a bit steeper than expected for the quality of food. There was just no "it" factor that left me longing for another go.
4	Daddy Mac's is easy to miss if you are not searching for it. It is past Olympic on the downward slope and a quick right. I almost missed it, but my friend was on the lookout. A stroll through the interior impressed both Carolyn M. and myself. The low lighting, dark wood, and pictures of Sinatra made it feel like old Vegas. As soon as we were in eyesight, the staff told us to sit anywhere. We were given menus right away and got our drink orders in. A few minutes later, another person approaches our table and we find out that she was our server. It got confusing after a while due to the multiple people taking various portions of our meal, but it all got worked out. The communication between staff is shaky, but not a huge mishap. We had found out that they were having happy hour and got to glasses of red wine off of the list of drinks that they make a donation to Three Square. Drinks which helps others? I am in. The happy hour ends at 6pm. I think it starts at 4pm. For $4.50, we got a very generous pour. As we were getting comfortable in our booth, the Sweet Potato Tater Tots ($3) and Calamari ($13) came out. The tots were crispy and dangerous. It would be easy to sit back and devour a whole tube of these nuggets without realizing it. The calamari was skimpy. There was more batter than squid, but the jalapenos on top was a nice touch. The pickled peppers cut the greasy really well. Not too long after our apps, the main entrees came out, a Margherita Pizza($12) and Cobb Salad ($13). The pie was larger than a personal pizza and got the approval from my friend. The salad was good as well. They had a nice balance of all the ingredients. What sold it for us was our server Jess. She was wonderful. Going to the back and checking with the kitchen on ingredients and our requests. Instead of just refusing or saying no, she took the time to make sure everything was ok. This is especially nice since my friend is allergic to soy.
1	I was at Daddy Macs last night for a zombie show viewing. I had a blast... until Daddy Mac's booted us out of the event in order to facilitate another one. Not only did they show up before TWD was over, but they treated us (and other PAYING patrons) very very poorly, and made every single person leave. People that were still drinking, that were still eating, were forced out of the venue. They had a lot of technical issues with their big screens not working, and the service was terrible. It's a shame, I had been there just the week before, and had the time of my life. I easily foresaw that as being my new hang out spot every Sunday night. Not anymore. Terrible business practices, they should be ashamed of themselves.
2	This place has changed hands in the last few years so I thought I would give them another visit. Turns out it is still not up to par. This place is not a dive and is not dirty by any means but the service is poor, bartenders look like they walked right off the street and the food on the menu doesn't appeal to me. I live walking distance from here and that is still not enough reason for me to run in a grab a quick bite.The only reason I will go is to support my friends on open mic nights or during there small live music nights but thats about it.
1	This place is creepy.  We sat ourselves, then waited over ten minutes for someone to come out from the back to greet us.  There was NO ONE ELSE in the whole restaurant, and it's not like it was right before it closed or anything.  Eventually, we gave up.  I guess this place just doesn't have employees.  Sad.  Oh, and we had a Groupon, which we just let expire.  It was a gift anyway.
3	Huge restaurant gaming when you walk in.stage with artists playing 7 days a week.get the daddy mac shrimp or the coconut asian wings!
