5	Agritopia finally exists as an establishment to Yelp! about. I believe that Agritopia is one of the premiere developments in the state for everything you want in a neighborhood. As I write this, I hear birds chirping in the trees and can spot residents cycling through the streets, enjoying the meticulously landscaped neighborhood.When I first ventured out to Gilbert, nearly 4 years ago, I drove by Agritopia and immediately thought, "This is a neighborhood from Desperate Housewives." Turns out, I was wrong. Dead wrong. I told myself that I could never live in a neighborhood that seemed like it was nothing more that a clean, pristine facade. However, nearly a year ago I moved into the neighborhood, and it was one of the best decisions I have ever made. Here's why:Location: Direct access to the Loop 202 makes it easy to get anywhere in the Valley in about 30 minutes. Also nearby is San Tan Village Mall. The mall is growing and developing into a nice outdoor mall with mid-range to upscale shops.Neighborhood: The neighborhood is beautiful and very well planned out. There are many styles of houses with differing floor plans. There's a home that is the right size for anyone. My parents have a single story, with a basement that is perfect for entertaining; while my wife and I have a small, two-story cottage, that is the perfect starter home for us. Agritopia boasts the smallest two-way streets in the Valley, to help promote pedestrian walkways and reduce the heat island effect within the neighborhood. Given the narrow streets, all homes are equipped with emergency sprinkler systems, reducing homeowner's insurance. There is also a nice community center that is optimal for hosting small events (my wife and I had a wedding shower there, and the community has neighborhood events throughout the year). Not to mention the fitness room with workout equipment, and a nice pool that is even heated in the winter months. The beautiful homes have front doors that face each other and promote social activity in front of the homes with neighbors. This is the optimal way to get to know who lives near you and build lasting relationships, which promotes a true sense of community. Attractions: Keeping with the sense that this land was once a farm lives on for those in the neighborhood. There is a community garden where residents can have their own plot of land to plant, grow and harvest their own crops. (Also promoting sustainability!) There is also a commercial farm which supplies produce to the nearby Joe's Farm Grill and Liberty Market. Joe's Farm Grill is the popular restaurant built from the Johnston's old home. You may have seen them on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. This is a great lunch spot! Also, there is The Coffee Shop. Located in an old tractor covering, this coffee house has specialty espresso drinks and pastries. Jessica Cuff, owner, was on Cupcake Wars and took home 1st place for her delicious treats. The farm at Agritopia has a farm stand where the fresh, local, organic produce is available for purchase at extremely reasonable prices.Keep an eye out for this becoming THE PLACE to be in Arizona. Plans for an assisted living development are in the works to break ground this spring/summer. Also, the commercial corner (named the EpiCenter) is in planning stages. This will bring artisan products and establishments to the corner promoting local businesses, walkability, and gourmet food/drink.
5	This review is for the farm itself. I'm almost nervous to leave a review because I don't want people to know about it and have it become a crowded, expensive disaster like the U pick at the farm out in Queen Creek.Anyway, the U pick started at 8 am this morning. I wish it opened a little earlier because it was already hot by then. It wasn't bad though because being in the orchard we were covered by lots of shade.We had such a lovely morning picking fruit. My kids loved it. There were lots of big ripe peaches and nectarines to pick. They smelled so delicious it was difficult not to immediately take a bite!Not only that, but it wasn't crowded at all. It was very peaceful. I SO appreciated that because we went to a U pick farm out in Queen Creek last week and people were practically fighting each other for peaches. It was horrible. Not here. Not at all. Very reasonably priced too. We paid $2 a lb. If you fill up a box it's about 11 lbs - $22. Not bad! I've already made a pie and some jam today :)The guy checking us out informed us that they will be having a U pick for peaches next week, apples in a few weeks and a citrus U pick around Dec/Jan. I can't wait!They also have a farmers market on Wed and Sat. I'll definitely be back! Love it!
5	Such a cute little community!This place has great houses, restaurants, and farms!It's a total different feeling when coming out here.  And when the weather is nice outside, this is a great area to bring your family!
5	Seriously the cutest neighborhood I've seen in my year in AZ thus far!! Wishing I could move there as we speak...
5	What an adorable place!  Years ago when I was still in the work force working at an interior design company, we did some of the model homes here.  I adored the area then and I can't believe it took me this long to get back out here.The whole area is beautiful with the farm and the homes around here are built to look old, they look nothing like the average Arizona home, and the two restaurants here never fail to please me.  I was out this way picking up a plasma car on craigslist with my boys and we stopped at the coffee shop for an iced coffee for mommy and to kill a couple of hours.  The boys rode the plasma car all over the winding paths.  We had a great time.
