1	The worst community I have ever lived in! The leasing office is full of Hippocrates and liars. They will tell you all good things, offer you all sorts of discounts before you move in, but will conveniently change all rules when you have leased the apartment. They will charge you all sorts of fees and never refund anything as promised. maintenance repairs are not performed correctly. Forced to pay $25.00 extra a month for trash removal even if you do not want to use it. The police have knocked on my door three times in 6 months for troubles here. The office has lied about the leases for example my lease went up 70.00 dollars from my original rent(thats 70.00 dollars more then what we agreed)due to hidden fees and costs that were never mentioned in the lease(hidden clause)what is the reason for a lease and agreement of what you will pay for rent when they can change it as feel like? My rent has gone up every single month for 5 months 3 to 10 dollars and they say oooppppss we did not tell you ? or well you did not see the clause in your lease? nothing ever gets fixed correct, dog poop everywhere , lol go to work early in the morning walk out my door to get a big fresh smell of dog poop!!! also bird crap all over the sidewalk by the parking lot where my car is. Funny management is never here or available always hiding, I can go to almost any store and ask for a manager, or any other  business and ask for a manager and almost always get a manager, but not here you when you call and ask  for a manager you are almost always told nope sorry she is not here, unless it is 1st , 2nd or 3rd day of the month or called rent day, and I understand now why the manager is always hiding any unavailable and it is because the manager is a liar and deceitful and hiding so she does not have to explain her lies.Do not take my word google San Cierra apartments reviews  and you will find another site with all the reviews . This apartment complex went from 88% positive reviews to 36% negative reviews in 1.5 years time ..check  for  yourself please
1	agree they charge you tons of fees they don't tell you about when you move in. I pay almost $1000 and my place is gross not what the model looked like let me tell you. the carpet was never changed or cleaned when i moved in there were stains on it. tub was so gross never cleaned so gross.I had to have them spray because of the bugs in my place. there were still glasses from the other renter showing me they did not even go thru the stuff.  I get luke warm water some times it will be hot but most the time just warm.  landscapers start at 7am and noise my nbr has some system all i here all the time is their crap blaring. people in the office seem like they have no clue what they are doing and cant get their stuff straight. im looking for a new place once i find one i will be breaking my lease i have never broken my lease in any place i have ever lived i look at it as i pay almost $1000 this is suppose to be a mark taylor place and you would never guess it
1	they have phantom charges on our bill for  the natural gas for the grills and they charges us for refilling the pool after they had it emptied, take forever on fixing things. now after i went in in december to put my notice in not sure when we were going to have a house they said don't worry you only have to give 30 days notice.. lie! they are going to charge us a full extra month 1500 for not giving proper notice.
1	they have phantom charges on our bill for  the natural gas for the grills and they charges us for refilling the pool after they had it emptied, take forever on fixing things. now after i went in in december to put my notice in not sure when we were going to have a house they said don't worry you only have to give 30 days notice.. lie! they are going to charge us a full extra month 1500 for not giving proper notice. and now have 2 links on yelp to avoid all bad reviews?
1	If i could give this place 0 stars i would, it does not even deserve one star.This has got to be the worst apartment complex i've ever lived in. The management is never there. The people who work in the office are overly nice, its like they are faking it, they do not know what they are doing, they go through employees like water and can never do anything for me. Ive been in twice to ask for an air filter for our apartment (theyre supposed to supply those) they are always "out" and have to submit a work order, days go by and i never hear from them, so i have to go to walmart and buy my own.We had a robbery a few months back, the burglars kicked down our patio door. the apartment complex sent someone over to nail our door back, then told us they would be back the next day with a new one. it has been 3 months and our patio is inaccessible from our living room, still no word on the new door. The fees, the hidden fees, they include "community electric" "community gas" the valet trash we have to pay for, even if you dont use it, we have to pay to refill the pools, we have to pay to clean up the trash around the complex. the list goes on.so all in all, i would not even wish my worst enemy to live here, 0/10 for San Ciera, STEER CLEAR OF THIS S$%T HOLE.
1	Everything mentioned in the other reviews is accurate. And don't be fooled by the gate. This is NOT a gated community. The front gates are almost always open and the back gate stays open so long cars will park on the street and wait for someone to go in so they can all follow. Our rent was $850 or $895 but we paid$1100/mo with a garage and all the hidden fees. Management is useless and rude. As for maintenance, we stopped calling after we had them come in to fix the vent in the laundry. We were told it couldn't be replaced so to start it we should just climb on top of the dryer and "give it a spin" with our finger. We also had our car broken into. When we told the front office they said, "ok. ".  Well golly, thanks for the concern. The biggest issue we had was after we moved out. Maintenance supervisor did our move out inspection and said it was the cleanest he had seen. (We are prior military so we are used to very strict move out inspections) we went to the front office to turn in keys and asked for a move out receipt. We were told it would be mailed to us. Oh it was! 30 days later we received a bill for $800 for damaged carpets. We tried to get answers, to no avail. We finally contacted a lawyer. The apt was contacted for documents and photos relating to the "damaged" carpet. Surprise! Nothing was ever sent to the lawyer or us. The downside is that they had already reported to the credit agencies. So now we are fighting to have a write off account taken off our credit report. Just stay away.
1	I'm not one to complain, but to possibly help another not make a horrible mistake, here goes. We went against our better judgment upon reviews when we moved in, almost two years ago. Bad reviews, horrible service, etc. Well, if the shoe fits...they were awful. Alliance properties is a mess and very dishonest and not caring. The management staff turned over quicker than a fast food joint. I think I met at least 3-4 different property managers while I was there, and who knows how many I didn't meet. Upon move-in, they didn't have our fabs or storage key ready. In fact they didn't seem to remember we signed up for a storage unit. They got us a key. It was a second floor unit, which was wrong. We eventually got it right, on a first floor. The "phantom charges" in previous posts are 100% true. A "mandatory" $25 for some stupid trash service. I'm a 30 ear old guy. I can take my own trash out. What a waste of $25 that I tried to refute but was unable to. The "community fees" for gas and electricity and water for community areas is bogus. I've lived in many apartments and never heard of these fees. Isn't that what RENT is for? They never mentioned ANY of these fees upon walk through. In the summer time my rent was close to $100 more because of these fees; NOT BUDGETED. Meaning we were basically, dishonestly robbed of $100 that I didn't have and couldn't get out of it. They certainly didn't care the least that people were troubled by this. We were even threatened with a $50 fee for leaving the "mandatory" trash bin outside our apartment all day. Sorry San Cierra, like I wasn't busy at all during the day. I heard many people talking to the managers about these and they simply said they couldn't do anything. Get a clue Alliance. "Luxury Apartment"? Right. The front gate was broke and permanently open for the first 5-6 months we lived there. At NO TIME, did any of the main pools gates all work at the same time. One was always chained off or broken. The Six gas grills around the main pool; only 1 igniter worked and maybe 2 that were "clean" enough to cook on. Half of them were so caked with poor maintenance and bad apartment dwellers that the heat didn't even rise to the food.After our first year, literally because we were in a job transition and didn't want to move, we renewed. The management came back a few weeks later with a new renewal notice saying we had to tell them if we were moving or not and had passed the 60 days. Somehow between the corporate Alliance and the main office of the apartment, no communication and they finally "found" my renewal. I almost wanted to say screw it and leave, but just couldn't unfortunately. Even when moving out, no one had a clue. I emailed them through their own Alliance website and payment page, and it never made it to the main office, so again, they thought we weren't responding about our 60 notice. Then we were told we had to give a date of move out, then we were told we didn't. Literally between the constant new staff, no one had a clue about anything in that office.Even locationally, this place is terrible. A fatal shooting at the Walmart down the road, multiple robberies and break-ins through the neighboring houses and apartments. Cops constantly around or in the apartments looking for people. It's a shady area with shady people and is no way luxury.Long story short, horrible service, horrible company, horrible apartments, horrible people living in the apartments, in no way shape or form luxury, dishonest, too high of turnover in management and staff and no care. How can a company flat out not care about it's people? Don't ever consider moving here.
1	This place is a complete joke. Do NOT move here. They add a bunch off hidden fees. Including making the residents pay for electric for the club house and pool and maintenance for the grills which either don't work or are so dirty you shouldn't use them. Things take forever to be fixed and the grounds are not well taken care of. Cigaret buds and dog poop all over. Gates always broken both leading outside and around the pool area. It is also clear things are going downhill because the cops are driving around all the time. The people in the clubhouse give the runaround on EVERYTHING. If you have any problems and they say they will call you back don't hold your breath. You should also check other apartment rating sites because they have dropped to 28% since mark Taylor left. This place does NOT deserve the "luxury" title that was given to them. Seriously if you are still considering renting here after reading these reviews and hopefully looking at other sites as well, you should walk around the complex and just ask people what they think before signing a lease. I guarantee if you talk to people that have lived here for more than a few months they will say the same thing.
1	Not that we were planning on staying here anyways.... But we received our renewal notice and they bumped the rent up, not a typical $20 increase oh no... $160 more a month?!?!?!?!? And that is just the base rent who knows what other extra fees they would add on once again. Because nothing says we deserve more money than having some of the worst apartment ratings in the area. The back gate, not the one for cars but the one you use to walk through broke (again) and rather than paying to have it fixed, in true San Cierra fashion they put a lock on it. So now when I want to take my walk I have to wait for a car to go in or out, because there is not a way to get out. I can not stress enough, do your research and look elsewhere. With how much they have raised their rent I am sure you can find nicer apartments with much higher online reviews for around the same amount. Remember when they show you how much rent is you need to add at least $80 a month in hidden charges. We can't get out of here soon enough!
