1	Miracle Mile???  A Half An Inch is more like it.  Heard good things about this place.  Someone said their pastrami sandwiches were awesome.  So, in all fairness I didn't try their pastrami, but the BLT.  The thing came out on white wonder bread (not toasted so at least some of its 'flavor' could have been burned off) with a glob of mayo in the center of the bread with exactly 3 slices of bacon (not the thick kind) and one measly ice burg lettuce...you get more lettuce than that on a McDonald's burger. Speaking of Mickey D's, my BLT came with as many fries as their small kids Happy Meal, which is actually less than a small on their regular menu.  On top of it, the sucker cost $7 bucks...holy crap, i think i died and went to hell.
2	Meh.Maybe it was just that we decided to dine in 10 minutes prior to closing, but I was definitely not impressed. I had not been here in ages. Probably 10 years, maybe 15. No exaggeration. I remember nothing but good things about Miracle Mile. I remember being excited to come eat here. So one night while shopping at Arrowhead with a friend, I got a sudden craving for a pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and Thousand Island dressing. I was very excited to walk in and find that it was on the menu! I didn't have to special order it!It was a good size sandwich.  Big enough that when cut in half, you still have to use both hands. I took my first bite and was immediately disappointed. Not that it was bad. It's just that I had fond memories of this place and I was really expecting something near the level of perfection of the #19 at Langer's in Downtown L.A.....or at the least Like Gandolfo's in Tempe. Nope. It was nowhere near as good as either restaurant.  It was just okay. The bread had a slight toughness like it was day old bread. The meat was chewy and lacking flavor. The coleslaw was really good and had the perfect crunch. The flavor of the coleslaw was not strong, but still masked the flavor of the pastrami. I will stick with Jason's or Heidi's next time I have a hankerin' for another deli style sandwich.
4	I Dont get the other reviews but this place rules.  Have eatten hear many times and its always really good.  I always get the pastrami on a onion roll,  thin sliced pastrami the way it should be on a nice soft fresh onion roll.  A bit pricy for a sandwich $8.25  but worth it.
5	I've always loved this place.  Great food great atmosphere. love the straw
1	Sooo Sad that this location has been closed. Now we have to drive to the one located in central phoenix.
