5	WOW!  Never have I experienced such great customer service at an auto shop.  I do not exaggerate when I say that Arman was beyond fair and helpful today when I took my Camry into Doc Auto.  I was getting my radiator replaced and he looked at an oil leak I have as well.  He gave me clear, affordable options, and I could tell from the moment I started speaking to him he has a great deal of character and integrity.  Definitely the place to go for anything related to your vehicle!
5	Came here today to get an oil chance while I ate lunch over at El Bravo across the street.  These guys were great and the owner Armen was super nice.  It is a smaller garage with less overhead so they don't overcharge you for BS.  It is hidden behind the self serve car wash.  This place is very reasonable and trustworthy since I also told him about my suspension making noise and it turned out that my hub cap (yes I am ghetto) was loose and making the noise instead.  He didn't even charge me for the diagnosis and now I am a customer for life!  Thanks guys
5	Customer Service at best! The owner is the most down to earth friendliest mechanic/owner I know and will help you anyway he can for a good reasonable price,  I highly recommend this place!  Just went in for spark plugs to change and he did the whole 9 yards and checking to make sure everything else was good.  Even as he's mechanic was working and finishing up the job, and he was busy with another client, he saw me ready to take off and he approach me saying, thank you for your business and if there is any other problem come back and he'll fix the problem and he shook my hand, now that's class act.   Usually other mechanic shop I went to, once they collect the money, and pretty much off you went, of course they say thank you, but never heart felt like the owner at this shop, he actually cares!
5	I bring my vehicles here all the time when there is a problem. I have never been disappointed with these guys, they do such great work at affordable prices, and very good customer service. I was recommended by a friend and I can honestly say that with my experience here there is no other mechanics I would trust. The owner Armen is a great guy always very helpful and explains things well.  I recommend this place to everyone who is looking for an honest mechanic that will do a phenomenal job. Thanks Dr. Automotive for all of your hard work.
5	I have taken two of my cars here. I feel like I am being treated well and I am charged a good price for quality work.I recommend this shop!
