4	I've been living here for just over four months. So far everything has been great. The office is open until 6pm in the summer so I have no problem coming in to see anyone with any issues. The issues that I have are always minor things. I haven't had any problem with tenants, but I've heard complaints on other sites... so I suppose I could just be lucky. The grounds are kept pretty nice and the apartments are just as described or better. I've only had a few instances where a service call wouldn't get answered, but after living in a few apartment complexes in my life, I've come to expect that and San Moritz is better about it than most.I haven't had to call in for service for about three months (all of my service requests were small things when I first moved in). Since then everything has been great. I would definitely recommend the place to others.
3	I lived here for two years. Though the aprtment was a little dated, especially the bathrooms, I found it acceptable for the money. My 2 bedroom apartment was only 835 which was a pretty good deal. Here are the factors that prevented a 5 star rating1. The grounds- I was excited that there would be BBQ grills, pools, gyms etc. All of these were not very well maintained. There were gas grills, but someone had dumped charcoal in them and it was not cleaned out ever despite me making requests. The pool was often times filthy (children everywhere) with trash from snacks all around. The gym equipment was sparse and often not functional.2. Repairs- I had to submit a few repair requests repeatedly. The worst was something was wrong with my sink causing it to leak about a week after moving in. After it was allegedly fixed the next day the pipe underneath exploded sending water everywhere- it then took them 2 days to come actually fix it. My oven didn't work- it was very old and the temperature knob would produce a heat about 100 degrees higher than what it indicated. This was never fixed properly. My AC broke, in VEGAS, in the summer- took 3 days to fix. The maintenance staff is all very nice and skilled I just think they are over worked. 3. Parking- this was the ultimate deal breaker for me. My first summer there they reblacktopped the parking lot. So my second summer I was going to be out of town I went to ask if they were doing it again and if so where should I move my car so it would not get towed. They drew me a map. I parked my car there. My car was towed, and since I was out of town it sat at the tow place for over 2 weeks which prompted a heft bill. When I went to the office the person who had told me where to park had been fired over an unrelated manner and the office took no responsibility.
