4	When I moved to Pittsburgh from Philly, I didn't think I'd find a better cheap by-the-slice pizza place than Soho Pizza in Old City. Thanks Pizza Vesuvio for proving me wrong. The people watching here in South Side is by far more eclectic and entertaining, and the thin-cut slices for $2.50 a pop are gigantic.
4	The pizza here is quite good. Not nearly as good as Apizza Scholls in Portland Ore. (the best!) but very good considering it's clientele are drunkards. You know -you get really drunk and  NEED PIZZA at 2am. With this customer they can make crap pizza and still make a mint. Cheers to them!When I suffered through a weekend in Pittsburgh for my sister-in-laws' wedding it was nice to know I could stroll down Carson street, have a Yeungling and grab a slice when he family drama was mounting.Be prepared to wait on weekend nights.
4	I LOVE the pizza here. it's pretty cheap for the size of slice, and it's not (usually) dripping with grease. If you spend enough time in the southside on the weekends, you can probably get a free piece or 2. I find myself craving NY style pizza from here, Chicago has no IDEA how to make a pizza.
5	I've only been to New York twice, and only eaten pizza there once; this is the style that I remember, and Vesuvio does it right. Don't rush home to eat this, don't get take out, just eat it right after it's had a chance to sit for two minutes. The crunch in the crust is just right, and the cheese and toppings are perfectly greasy. Not too much, not too little, just right.It's pretty small, so take that into consideration when coming here with lots of people. And if you do come here late at night, consider that there are lots of bars in the area so there are likely to be a few drunks staggering about. But honestly this pizza is worth it.
4	I was in town on a summer evening to watch the kick-butt women's basketball games around the corner at the Market House, parked on Carson street and caught a whiff....ummmmmmmmmmm, Pizza!  I grabbed a piece of mushroom and sausage, not expecting much, but damn.  The crust was perfect, the sauce tangy.  For those who just refuse to accept Pittsburgh-style pizza, this is a fair approximation of that New York stuff.  Also, no drunks in sight at 6pm on a Tuesday.  I'll be back.
5	Super awesome, super big pizza. Great new York style.
