1	This Wal-Mart is not a good Wal-mart. People at this location are not very responsive to your needs. NOTE: Do not call over the phone, fore they will say they will place something on hold and not follow through with it. This place is not very professional at all. I had to spend a whole $150 more for a laptop that i could of got for apt. $325.00. Please, if you are a independent person. DO NOT shop at this location. They will scam you to the fullest.
2	This WalMart REALLY needs more cashiers, especially at night. One lane open at 10pm? That's okay if there's only a few people checking out. However, when there are 20 people in line for one register and at least three employees walk by, two of which were clearly cashiers, and there is still only one register open, there's a problem. There have been numerous times I have wanted to buy something, but didn't have 20 minutes to wait, so I put what I could back without wasting too much time and left. I know I am not the only person that has done this. Even during the day when there are copious amounts of people, there never seems to be enough cashiers. Why not do the local economy a favor and hire more? Or does the manager get a bonus if they can get employees to do double the work for a third of the pay? That being said, if you can get a hold of Wendy or the other managed (his name escapes me) and you have a legitimate concern, they will help you out. Wendy does a lot for the community, and it is probably corporate's fault she can't get more cashiers but... It's still a valid complaint.---In regards to Linda P., there are many other places open after 9PM, such as Fry's and Safeway. Fry's opens back up at 4PM as well.
4	I'd just like to update and say there have been self-checkouts added! Hallelujah! Once all of the "construction" clears up, this Walmart should be just as great, if not better than the one off Signal Butte. So glad that this Walmart is finally getting the attention it needed, even if it's not the attention it deserves. ;)
1	Can't stand walmart as it is but sometimes you need something and you have to go in. This is the first time at this one and the worst we have ever seen. Employees fighting at yelling at each other. Hubby goes and gets manager because nobody in electronics for half hour, he even tells the manager about the fighting. He walks back there with him and looks at the lady and says " will you help this guy"? Turns and leaves. And these people want more money? Fire the manager and start over. I will never walk in there again and I am telling everyone I know not to either. I'm giving one star to the frustrated employee that couldn't find the other employee for a long time. You could tell she hates her job and feels like pulling her hair out. If I had a business I would go rescue her.
5	Best automotive department experience I've ever had.  I took my vehicle in yesterday for an oil change, the guy was very informative and helpful.  They got me in and out within about 45 minutes.  I was pleasantly surprised because I've gone to the automotive department in the Walmart on Signal Butte and everyone there was rude and dumb.
2	Not the cleanest place on Earth, but not the dirtiest either. The staff, from my experience, are ignorant, unfriendly, inattentive, unconcerned and sincerely useless at times. They will walk right through you if you let them. It's Walmart.
5	For being in the middle of a crack whore village they have the things I need when ever I need them :D
1	I will never go to this walmart again - went around 7 am last week and was behind someone who after almost being done checking out left to go find the price of something she had that was not  priced - mind you there were already 4 other people behind me - and no other checkouts open - finally after 5 minutes returned and then because she was a walmart employee went to use her discount and that was not working - manager came over to help taking another 10 minutes to figure out-when I heard the manager mention her discount I said "do we get a discount also for being so patient"   Now, I did not really expect one but the manager ignored me - not even an "I'm sorry we can't do that" - just plainly ignored me-----so I agree they need new managers or better management training - 'mI also going to contact  the main usa management office so they are aware of this problem - maybe they will care about customer service and do something about this bottom of the barrel walmart
