5	I've been to my share of yoga classes throughout college and afterward, but nothing compares to my absolute love and devotion for Bikram Yoga.  It's hot yoga, which means the room is ideally heated to 105 degrees with 50% humidity; so you're hot and sweaty.  It's done this way so that your muscles are looser and you are able to get more bang for your buck when you stretch.  The first class that you go to you will likely feel sick and dizzy.  Don't worry; this goes away, you just have to push through.  The great thing about Inner Fire is that they offer a one week unlimited membership for $20.  This encourages the beginner to push past the first vomitous 90 minutes class they think they were crazy for taking to hopefully get a chance to love Bikram yoga like the rest of the fanatics that are in the front row.  In addition to offering Bikram (which they now refer to as hot yoga, making me wonder if they no longer have their affiliation with Bikram Choudhury?) Inner Fire also offers yin yoga, which is incredibly relaxing, power flow yoga, which is in a kind of hot room and some people are crazy about, and they'll have some kind of special class every couple of months that will feature a great teacher from around the country.  With your membership you can go to any one of these classes.  The other great thing, which I think is a brilliant business move on the part of Marit Sathrum, the owner, is that they also have what they call the "Personal Revolutionaries,"  which you can choose to participate in.  You basically either commit yourself to practicing either 52 classes in 91 days or 65 classes in 91 days (if you're hardcore).  They have charts up on the wall where you mark the classes you've completed with a tiny sticker (who doesn't love stickers?!?!) and if you complete the challenge you get a medal!!!  A MEDAL!!!  It may seem kind of lame, but it takes a LOT of work and you feel really great at the end of it and as a bonus you're more toned and fit because you've been going to yoga so much!  They also put lists of the people that complete the challenge on the website, which makes you feel even better about yourself.  What gym is going to give you that kind of praise?!?!  Also, it's good for the studio because it encourages you to continue to come back again and again.  IT'S A GREAT IDEA.  Okay.  The building is really nice, they just moved into it a couple of years ago.  The locker rooms are clean and nicely outfitted; there are three showers and they just expanded the women's locker room so you won't bump into all the other sweaty people after you're done.  There are two practice rooms, one smaller and one larger.  The floors in them are cork floors; the entire studio was build with green principles; which are really nice because they don't stink like the carpet they used to have did.  The instructors are great; my personal favorite is Darlene, who will always tell stories about how she first started Bikram yoga when she lived in California in the 70's and it got huge.  She was taught by Bikram and there is a picture of her in his book from back then.  How cool is that??Okay, it's clear that I'm totally biased about this place, but I just love it.  The people are great, the atmosphere is clean and nice, and they have a great business model.  I'm sad every day that I realize I can't go here because I don't live in Wisconsin anymore...
5	I adore this yoga studio. While there are several studios within walking distance of my home, I religiously biked 30 minutes each way to attend class at Inner Fire. I was a pretty novice yogini when I started here, but by regularly attending classes, I was able to improve my form greatly and understand why people are so crazy about yoga. I have been to a few other yoga studios, and this one is unique. The teachers are dedicated and caring, and a sense of community emanates from the studio. Inner Fire also offers interesting seminars and trips which are great to augment your practice. Their bathrooms are nice, although they only have a few showers. They also have a nice seating area with books and complimentary hot tea.I avidly attended the Power Flow and Inner Fire Flow classes because Hot Yoga can sometimes be too much for me. I would highly recommend taking classes with Karen, Ken, and Joan. Because the teachers made adjustments as needed, and were very in-tune with individual levels, I always felt like I left class having grown in my practice. I would highly recommend taking advantage of the New Student offer if you are new to yoga or want to try Inner Fire.
4	Love the heat, love the teachers, love the support and motivation to establish a regular practice.
5	Where do I even start?As Inner Fire has grown through the years, they just keep adding to their roster of lovely and motivational teachers. They offer enough classes throughout the day that if one teacher doesn't blow you away, you can easily try another. Everyone who works there and (most) of those who practice there are welcoming and open.Like another reviewer said, your first class -- or first few classes -- will make you feel dizzy and nauseous. Don't despair, it happens to everyone. You just have to hold on to the fact that it will feel better. Promise! Definitely try it out. Student rates are good, and there are some free community classes offered on weekends.
5	This is a great yoga studio! It's one of the things I'm going to really miss when I move away from Madison! :(The studios are incredibly clean and nice, great floors, nice space, great changing room. The instructors are amazing (my favs are Julie, Carrie and Darlene!) and are so friendly and helpful. I usually find it hard to motivate myself to go in and get a good workout, but since I've joined Inner Fire, I find myself looking forward to going in and improving my practice. After a month I have already improved my upper body strength, balance and flexibility thanks to the heat and regular practice!Inner Fire offers hot yoga, as well as Power Flow and Inner Fire Flow classes, which are in hot rooms but offer more movement than traditional hot yoga. Power Flow is a great mix of movement: sun salutations, warrior poses, balance and core strength training. I love it! :)I am leaving Madison in a few weeks and am so sad to leave Inner Fire behind! It's a great community with awesome staff and great instructors. I haven't done much research into the other yoga studios in Madison, but I would recommend Inner Fire to anyone curious about hot yoga and is looking for a great way to sweat and improve strength!
1	The staff here seemed very stuck up to me. Not the place to go if you are a beginner. If you practice often, this may be the place for you, but if you like warm, friendly, helpful staff, find a different studio.
5	Inner Fire burns. Yup, they have heat, fantastic staff, friendly counter staff, management, and everyone involved from Marit to Darlene to Justin, Ken, all of the people involved are really good people. I read a review from someone that mentioned they had an unpleasant experience, you should come back, take another class mention to the instructor that you're new to yoga and would they mind helping if they have time? Another suggestion is watch the people around you, your best education is study the basic poses via Google. We'd love to have you think highly of  the Original Bikram studio in Madison. No I don't work there btw. Go to Inner Fire to get fit.
4	I started with Marit back when IFY was Bikrim and at the first University location. I have always enjoyed the classes and the staff is so helpful- they really push my practice.  I always left sweaty and energized.  Power flow was my favorite and I was one of many who would cram into Jackie's 630pm class.  She's incredible; her classes are well worth the packed room.  The reason for my 'past tense' phrasing is two fold.  1. I grew up right by Hilldale and IFY was always incredibly close; after moving downtown it became more difficult without a car. 2. IFY is expensive. I understand that yoga in general is expensive with the heating, staff, training, etc.  Don't get me wrong, they have the best staff and the most beautiful studio.  However I am a woman in her 20's with a job that pays my bills but not much else and finding $100+ (depending on rates, etc) each month is difficult.  I wish there were different options that were more affordable, I would be back in a heartbeat.  I don't know if maybe I'm not die-hard enough and I should better budget for the membership but regardless I have currently settled for Capital Fitness and a membership rate I can more regularly afford.I look forward to a raise at work or a better budgeting of my money in order to get back to IFY because I do truly miss the workout, camaraderie and spirit of such a beautiful place :)namaste
2	I wish I could have given Inner Fire Yoga a better review since I am a long time fan of Bikram Yoga, in general.However, as they say, the first impression's the last.[1 star for Darlene]My first customer experience at the studio was with Darlene who lacks customer service skills and business acumen. I couldn't believe how awful this experience was for me given the fact that I love Bikram yoga and this was a yoga studio for heaven's sake!Darlene was rude and completely unprofessional. She did not garner the same respect for me as she did for her existing clients and she made it evident that I was going to be reminded of that during and after class. After 90 minutes in her class, I was fully aware that I was dealing with a bitter and histrionic personality who cared more about her own agenda than serving the needs of studio members.I would have never returned to the studio after day one, but I had purchased a starter package so I had 29 days to go before expiring my membership.[2 Stars for Marit]After my first and horrible experience with Darlene, I contacted the studio owner and GM to file a complaint and request for further action. I had to find out whether this was just an isolated incident or whether it was a leadership problem.Marit, the owner, did attempt to resolve my issue with Darlene. However, she responded nearly a week later with no real good answer for her tardiness except for excuses. And to top it off, she minimized the Darlene situation as if it wasn't a business problem stating:"The thing about Darlene is actually she is a superb yoga teacher - when she wants to be.  She is not the best teacher to new students, but she is most definitely loved - deeply - by lots and lots of students in our community. She is eccentric, and wonderful, in her own weird way. She always chalks up her 'attitude' as 'jersey girl'."After justifying Darlene's behavior, she gave a short apology and suggested I seek out other instructors in her studio. The only real offer to resolve the issue was to talk to Darlene and if I wanted she would extend my membership for a few more days.At this point, I knew I was dealing with a leadership issue here.I declined her offer to extend my membership for a few additional days. I did try out other instructors to get a return on my investment. Then I let my membership expire after my month was over. I couldn't in good conscience continue to support a business that values an employee who treats new members like crap and gets rewarded for it.[3.5 Stars for Amy + Karen]The other instructors were great. Had Marit better resolved my problem, I believe I would have continued attending Amy and Karen's classes. Unfortunately, the other instructors were not able to (nor should they have to) restore my confidence in the studio because of Darlene and Marit's actions.I give Inner Fire Yoga 2 Stars total for not delivering on the expectations they posted all over their website and studio.
5	I started practicing at Inner Fire Yoga at the first studio on University Ave. I have practiced at many studios in many different cities but I've never been to a studio as beautiful and calming as Inner Fire Yoga. Although I do not live in Madison anymore, when I return for a visit I try to take a class at inner fire. I haven't been back to Madison in over a year and a half  (and therefore haven't been to inner fire yoga  in over a year and a half) but yesterday I was able to take Karen's hot yoga class. Not only was the room perfectly hot, but they way Karen leads the class is wonderful. She's insightful, gives great tips on postures, is calming, and you can tell from her style that she is very passionate about her teaching.  The icing on the cake was when Karen came up to me and said "Caitlin I haven't seen you forever" .... truly great customer service and thank you Karen for making me feel like I'm still a part of the Inner Fire community.
3	I love Yoga! I was really looking forward to my 1 month trial at this studio. The decor of this studio is ok. I only visited this place 3 times during my 30 day trial. Of the three instructors I experienced: 2 were fabulous & 1 left such a bad taste in my mouth I wasn't motivated to return. Her energy and manners left a lot to be desired.
