5	The Best Authentic Filipino Food from Hawaii!
5	You gotta try it!!! SOO GOOD! Thelma's Special is to die for!What to try:Thelma's SpecialPork Adobo Fried rice with the fried egg on topChicken AdoboPancitKare-KareMMMMm Good! I went there 2 days in a row...and loved it every time. The best Filipino food I've had in Vegas so far! I'm glad its in henderson!! Forget, trying to drive out to Spring Mountain or Maryland...after a day shopping at Galleria, just drive over. I think Thelma's will close down Aloha Kitchen on the other side! hahaha! JK!
4	food is great! try the shoyu chicken with the adobo fried rice. :D
5	I can't say I'm an expert when it comes to Filipino food, but this was really good!  I couldn't decide on what to get so I ordered the four item combo and was totally stuffed!  My four items:Pancit noodlesChicken adoboThelma's specialPork GisantesDo be advised they take visa/mc/discover but not Amex.
5	(WARNING: Filipino food can have a strong mixture of sour, vinegary, salty goodness banging up against sweet, crunchy, meaty climaxes of flavor.  If these types of taste are too sexy for your tongue, you may want to eat elsewhere.  Consider yourselves warned.  I'd better not see anyone putting up some negative reviews because they were not prepared.)Even though I may not look it, I'm half Filipino and grew up with this food.  That being said, I will most likely show a lot of favoritism towards this place.  Its flavors take me back to my childhood and playing with my cousins.Thelma's is located near the Sunset hotel in the same building as Aloha kitchen.  (Aloha kitchen is known for having the worst teri chicken I have ever had, but great kalbi)  To Find Thema's you need to drive around to the back side of that building.  The inside is simple with a theme leaning towards the tropical and the Filipino channel on the TV set.  The menu may not be the largest, but what they make I love.Today I went with one of my favorites and something new.  I had the combo with my fav, dinuguan (aka dinardaraan for my Ilocano bothers), and Thelma's special.  Dinuguan is a vinegary tasting pork blood meat.  Being cooked with blood, it comes out looking like stew size chunks of pork in black sauce.   It is rich with flavor and has a lovely grit to it from the blood.  Thema's take on it was true to mom's cooking back home.  However, the sauce was a bit thinner than I like and they seem to have taken out all the fatty bits for the general public's sake.  My mom didn't discriminate, fatty or lean, it went in the pot.  Over all, it was great.  Not as good as moms, but pretty close.Now Thelma's special is a bit miss leading.  The description says it's lichon kawali cut up and mixed with chopped onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce.  A more accurate description would have been chicharon with chopped onions, tomatoes, and bagoong.  Cause that's what it tasted like and it tasted wonderful.  It made me wish that I got more of it.  For those of you that don't know, lichon Kawali is a whole roasted pig, all crispy and wonderful on the outside.  This dish was salty, oniony, sweet, meaty, and crunchy.  Heavenly.  My mom made the same thing for me when I was younger and this was just as good.  Sorry mom, I must be honest.The one thing that was a bit difficult was the server that day.  We were having some communication problems, but my order came out right and it came out extremely quick.  That's what matters.So if you're in the area, bypass Aloha Kitchen and head on over to Thelma's for some good eats.  Did I mention the price was good too?  Because it is!
5	I went to check this place out after work on Saturday for dinner.  They have quite a selection of Filipino entrees but, to my surprise, they have a few Hawaiian dishes as well.  Plus, their combo plates were a mix of both Filipino and Hawaiian styles which is appealing to me on many levels.  The thing I liked about Thelma's is that I can get breakfast at any time of the day!  They have about 4 or 5 breakfast entrees ready to go whenever the mood strikes.  I am a huge fan of the breakfast-all-day concept and I ultimately ended up going with one of their omelettes.  The omelet itself was pretty standard except that the omelet came with rice instead of hash browns!  It was a nice throwback to my younger days in Hawaii.  They also use Aloha Shoyu (I was surprised that the waitress offered "Shoyu" NOT "Soy Sauce" :) ) here and anywhere that serves Aloha Shoyu is alright in my book.  Good restaurant but not a lot of vegetarian dishes but I didn't expect anything like that here because I'm pretty positive that there are not a lot of  vegetarian Hawaiians (like myself) or even vegetarian Filipinos out there.  But, I'm sure I will see Thelma's again.. In the meanwhile I hope they get more seafood or veggie dishes to cater to my "habit".
5	Tagalog's can now feel the wraith of Ilocanos good Filipino food haha. Thelma special is always the recommended, it's better served as a la carte because the combo serving isn't great. Mongo beans and gisantes is awesome. My wife loves the bindongo and idago.
5	I remember going to Thelma's in Waipahu. My aunty loved them and we would always be there at least 2-3x months. She called to tell me that they were opening up in LV. Lately we've been going to Elena's but it is pretty far from us, and because of the Yelper's, now I don't have to drive that far.Thelma's serves Illocano food and it is very familiar  and almost as good as Grandma's cooking. You read that right...ALMOSTas good as. LOLThey have a good menu and offer either dishes or  combination plates.We ordered:Pinakbet, Pancit, Chicken adobo, and a Halo halo.They were all good especially the pinakbet- its been awhile since i had pinakbet.The restaurant was very spacious and clean. You can't see the restaurant from Sunset Rd. or Marks St. But they are in same complex as Aloha Kitchen & Vitamin World across from Best Buy.The service was also very good and the food came out quick. My little pinoy princess also got a free treat. Salamat!I will definitely be going back very soon. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu.Aloha!!
4	I never knew of a Thelma's in Waipahu, but apparently it's popular enough to open up a store here in the 9th island. I went 2 days ago to try it out and I am so glad I did!Went there for the lunch special. $6.50 for your choice of entree, that comes with rice, mac salad, a drink, and fruit salad for dessert! WOW. I was already impressed when I saw that near the register. I opted for the PInakbet, and my boyfriend got the Thelma's Special. They had ran out of mac salad that day, but the friendly lady at the register offered to give us some mixed pancit in place of it. I was cool with that! So we pay and take our seats, and dabble in the ridiculous game shows that seem to be endlessly playing on Filipino channels... well that and then a drama shortly after! We get our lunch plates, and they are decently sized! For 6.50 including a drink, I honestly think it's a steal! I had a taste of my boyfriends Thelma's special and had to restrain my fork from ravaging his plate again! IT IS SO GOOD. I don't know about you guys, but that's the closest "Lechon Kawali" that I can get here in Vegas, and ALMOST identical to the dish I remember at my family parties in Hawaii! YUMMy pinakbet was... average, to say the least. The tastes were okay, I was expecting a very soupy dish, with A LOT of soft vegetables, but it was just okay. The eggplant in it had too tough/thick of a skin, and I just think it needed to be cooked a bit longer.It's okay, we both finished our plates, down to the last rice grain!Then, our waitress came out with our fruit salad! Yay! Although it was a bit sweet for my taste buds, I am glad that it comes with some sort of dessert!All in all, I would come back to this place to sample their other popular items! Service was great, and the restaurant was clean and inviting. Recommended for a fast, affordable meal.
5	One of the things I miss most from back home (Hawaii) is the food. So, when I heard Thelma's was in Vegas, I was like "Thelma's? Like Thelma's special? Like from home?"I mean, it's like having Zippy's come to Vegas....it's comfort food. Food that reminds you of when you were young or for me reminds me of a past life.I was so curious to see if the food was the same that I went to eat alone. Now..if you know me, I'm a people person and I must've wanted it bad to eat alone.And it did not disappoint. After driving around the same Henderson cross street for 20 minutes, I was about to give up when I saw it's sign in the corner of my eye....it was calling my name, I swear to you.Ordered the Thelma's special and squid guisado. *siiiigh* JUST-LIKE-HOME =)I love it and whenever my mom needs a fix of filipino food (other than hers, of course), I take her to Thelma's. Mother-daughter bonding, you can call it.
4	When my boyfriend and I arrived to this cute little bistro, there were only 1 or 2 tables occupied. The walls of the interior are painted a light green color that I enjoyed. There are gold statuettes along the walls, as well as many large windows that fill the space with natural light. On most, if not all, of the tables are little vases with orchids. It was a pleasant dining area even with the TV playing in the background. It can be hard to spot if you don't pull into the parking area behind Aloha kitchen. The menu is displayed on the wall along with several photos of their specialties. J quickly decided on the lechon kawali, a large portion of crispy skinned pork with juicy, fatty meat on the inside. It came with a vinegary dipping sauce that complimented the richness of the meat and several slices of raw sweet onion. It was REALLY crisp, crackled when you bite into kind of crisp. I found it made my jaw muscles tired after eating 3-4 pieces- but probably not a bad thing since all that chewing might help work off some of that delicious pork fat. I ordered the adobo, which was a large bowl full of super tender, soy and vinegar-spiced pork chunks. The cuts of pork reminded me of some of the better carnitas I've had, with enough gristle and unrendered fat left to give it an unctuous mouth feel. The flavorful sauce was great to pour over the perfectly cooked sticky rice and more of it would've disappeared easily. It seemed like a dish that had been cooking low and slow for quite some time, a signature of many comforting dishes. I would have liked some vegetables with it to break up all the meatiness, but it was a delicious dish. The texture of the rice was great with the pork. We also got an order of the Shanghai lumpia, which would have all vanished if I hadn't caught J before he got to them all! Crisp, narrow cigar-shaped little pockets of deep-fried meaty goodness served with a sweet and sour chili sauce, it's easy to see why. We also had an Ilikoi passion drink and Kona coffee. The coffee was lovely but was served with packets of non-dairy creamer, which saddens me a little. It's really a small detail, but when having such a nice variety of coffee I want to enjoy it fully and without high fructose/hydrogenated processed things. Not a huge deal because it still tasted great, but something I find worth pointing out. I was really excited that they offered kona coffee! The passion fruit drink was also tasty, though J drank most of it. The water tasted like tap water, so we barely sipped any.Overall, the food here was great. If you're a fan of the Hawaiian Sun drinks I imagine you'll be happy. It's a nice change of pace from the usual strip mall fare and I'd rather go here than to another McChipotle or Pei Wei. Not my usual neighborhood hang out, but I can see going back sooner rather than later!
5	Okay so I have been to the location in Hawaii and was happy to know that on my visits here in Vegas I can now satisfy my tastebuds again with more of "Thelmas Special"(crunchy luau style pork in thelmas sauce). This place has something for everyone. It combines a great value on their entrees and even better is served up by some of the friendliest staff who really make you feel welcome! Give em' a try!!!
3	Had the mix plate with thelmas special ( roast pork with chopped tomatos and onion with a soy sauce) it was alright , needed some punch vinager or some kind of acid. Pork giusantes; stewed pork with peas and pimentos and tomato very tender and flavorful my favorite of the three, also had the pancit very thin rice noodles , good flavor.  Overall it was good  , nice  portions and flavorful if in the area would not hesitate to stop by , but would not make a special trip like I did this time . Service was friendly and prompt
5	This is the closest I've ever gotten to real authentic Filipino food.  Growing up in Hawaii, has given me the big Filipino/Hawaiian/Japanese impact.  Our culture is a mix plate of cultures, and this place executes the flavors of both Hawaii and Philippines so well.  The atmosphere of this restaurant is soooo welcoming, it gives me a sense of "HOMEY" feeling.  I was surprised with the cleanliness of the restaurant, I was expecting the same "ELENA'S" surrounding.  I ordered the mix plate which consisted of:- Pancit Mix - Almost close to my mother's home cooking.  A mixture of flavor, I personally thought it was Pancit heaven.  - Pinakbet - I've been having cravings of my mother's pinakbet ever since I left home.  While this was somewhat close, the vegetables my mother usually added weren't there.  It was good regardless, and the flavor of the patis sauce was there to.  I loved how it was the "ILOKANO" way of making pinakbet, as opposed to the Tagalog way of adding shrimp paste.  - Thelma's special - Wow I've been looking everywhere for this.  It's basically Lechon kawali soaked in soy sauce, onions, and tomatoes.  Mines was a little on the "oniony" side, but it was definitely delicious.  My dad usually makes this dish using the head of the pig and BBQing it, then chopping it into pieces while adding cow brains, oninos, tomatoes, vinegar, and soy sauce.  I would definitely say, this is by far one of the BEST FILIPINO foods I've had in Vegas.  Getting the Thelma's Special is a must!
5	Stopped by on Saturday after Thanksgiving, we had been to see the Roger Waters show of "The Wall" and were hungry.  We met Lor, one of the daughters of Thelma, and a more gracious host you could not ask for.  We all ordered our favs from the Menu and Lor and company suggested some things and we took their advice.All was so yummy.  Sunday was time to head back to the Bay Area and we decided to stop at Thelma's again because we were so happy with our choices the day before.  We also decided not to order the same items again even though we were happy with them.This time Lor was at the order desk and this time we ordered more items off of the item, so here is what we ordered and loved.  Dinuguan (Angelo says this is so yummy, me I cannot get passed Chocolate Meat), Pork Adobo ( I say this is the best ever, and could only get better if they added a hard boiled Quail egg), Pancit Bihon so good I had to steal some.  Lumpia Shanghai was fried just right!  Not too greasy, not underdone, I loved it but more importantly my 8YO Niece loved them more, so much that she ate most of them with out asking if it would be ok, once she did, there were no more left.  I had to order two more orders.All of the *-silog dishes were so dang good, I even had them make a Spam-Si-Log  as I am a big fan of the canned meat.  Crispy Spam, with garlic rice, tomatoes, and I am a happy man.  But I have said that before.Add to this that they carry Manny Pacquiao articles and have become a new distributors of MP stuff means that if you wanna get your Pinoy on, near Vegas, this is the place to do it!I love this place and give it 6 stars, 6 hearts, 6 whatevers, this is the place!Aloha,DaveOh, and the Halo Halo is so yummy!
4	Found this by accident thru Yelp! Was looking for Filipino food in Henderson and by chance found Thelma's. Location isn't the best, it's had to see from the street.  I've tried the Pork giusantes, pancit (good), Thelma's Special (thumbs down), chicken adobo fried rice (delicious!), adobo chicken and pork (both awesome!) I usually get the 2 item mix plate with 2 scoops of rice.   I do not like the Thelma's Special, it's fatty pork with crispy pork skin and sauce. Not a big fan of the fatty pork, but the sauce is awesome. If the pork were leaner, I would love the dish. The adobo pork and chicken are both great, very tender and tasty!   I have not eaten in the restaurant yet, but the take out service is great, fast, and friendly!
4	Had dinner here on a Thursday night. We ordered a couple of combo dishes of shoyu chicken, chicken adobo, stewed beef and pancit mix. Although we weren't fans of their particular mix of pancit, the shoyu chicken and chicken adobo were delicious!A tasty good deal!
4	Thelmas is a very good Filipino restaurant. I ordered the 3 item mix plate with chicken adobo, pancit noodles, and pork adobo. Everything tasted flavorful with lots of soft tender pieces of meat. The service was very good!
5	I LOVE Thelma's! The food is absolutely amazing and the customer service is great! I'm not a big fan of filipino restaurants...the portions tend to be small and the quality of service is not that great...but Thelma's has been the best filipino restaurant I've ever been to. It's simple and casual, but high quality. The food is delicious, and the people are nice and friendly. I've been to the location in Hawaii, and both of them are good, but the service here is better! The restaurant is deceptively not easy to find, even though it's practically across the street from the Station Casino. It's basically in the back of the shopping plaza, so you don't really see it when you're driving down the street. It has a nice and simple decor on the inside, with a tropical hawaiian-filino theme going on throughout the restaurant. When you enter, you wait in line and place your order and pay, and then they cook the food fresh and bring the food to your table. The menu is posted above the counter, kind of like Jollibees, except the food listed on it is way better. ;) One thing about it is that some of the dishes lack a full description, and because I'm not filipino, I don't know what a lot of it is. However, the friendly staff at the counter is more than happy to help you order. One time I was even offered a sample of the pork guisantes because i wasn't sure if i wanted to order it. It ended up being my most favorite dish at Thelma's!My favorite dishes are the pork guisantes, which is pork and peas cooked in a tasty seasoned tomato sauce; mongo beans (the BEST mongo i've ever had), which is mung beans cooked with lechon in a rich, but light and flavorful sauce; and of course Thelma's special, which is chunks of lechon (roasted pig) with fresh diced tomatoes and onions in a soy and vinegar sauce.Everything else I've had there is also quite tasty. That includes the shoyu chicken (chicken braised in soy sauce), kare kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce), adobo (pork or chicken braised in vinegar and soy sauce), pinakbet (mixed vegetables like onions, green beans and bitter melon), and fried rice. ALL OF IT=DELICIOUS!Great food, good portions, reasonable prices, and excellent customer service makes Thelma's a great filipino restaurant. I believe this is a pretty new location, so definitely check it out!!
5	Took my mom out for a shopping trip and since we were near Thelma's, I figured my mom would love it. AND SHE DID!She, literally, wanted to order the whole left side of the menu. She had 4 item mix plate AND we still ordered food (oxtail, chicken long rice, fried fish) for home. My mom said: "You have to take me here every week!" Oh gawd, what have I created.Another great thing about this restaurant is the service. They are so friendly and helpful and funny. Like they're family =)And FYI - if you're mail is late, the mail ppl are prolly having lunch at Thelma's cuz, I SWEAR, I saw like 5 postal service trucks parked outside.
4	This isn't your "Nanay's Restaurant," that's for sure.  It's more like, your cool "Ate's Resto!"We tried out Thelma's for lunch during our last venture into Vegas and Thelma's is like no other Filipino restaurant I've been to.  It's huge, it's clean, it's organized, it doesn't smell, it's not sticky and damn the food is good!  The one thing that irks me about your typical Filipino restaurant is that the food is sitting in a buffet of chaffing dishes behind a window where you have to point and ask, "What's that?" Thelma's offers up a menu that is straight forward; pick an item or two, or three, with rice.    I had the Thelma's Special, which is kind of like, Sisig that married Tokwa't Baboy, which tasted okay, not sure I'd order it again.  I also had their Dinuguaan which was pretty damn tasty, gotta love my chocolate meat.  For my third item, I had the Chicken Adobo, which was pretty good, a little sweet, but good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gWeYW0E5Tfmmj_9fugfLNw?select=Npu-vw7X5rs60Cvq9YhykANot sure if the lady helping us was Thelma herself but regardless, the lady was super sweet and always was smiling, which is quite refreshing rather than dealing with a grouchy Nanay who gives you a dirty look because you're speaking to her in English and not Tagalog.But of course, what's a Filipino restaurant without TFC blaring on the TV?  What's sad is that we enjoyed our food while laughing at the corny and shamefully funny antics of this game show we were watching that when we got home, I just had to order TFC, damn you Thelma! :)Definitely hit up Thelma's if you're in this part of town, or on your way to/from Sunset Station, no finger pointing here. ;)
4	The spouse is a Filipina, and she tends to be quite critical of Filipino restaurants serving stale or old food.  I have to admit, I have come around to her view on this matter.  Many Filipino restaurants have the food pre-cooked and out for the diner to see and select.  Thelma's food is fresh.  It's served hot and delicious.  So far, we've ate breakfast and dinner at this restaurant.  The breakfast was a large serving of fried rice with spam, bacon, and sausage mixed in.  It also had an egg, cooked to order.  The cost of the breakfast was about $5.00.  They also made fresh Kona coffee for $1.50, with delicious creamers and sweetners.  For dinner, we had Sinigang Pamapo and Thelma's Special.  Thelma's Special was crispy pata with onions and tomatos over the top.  It was delicious.  The chunks of pork were crunchy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside.  The Sinigang Pampano is a sort of sour tasting soup with vegies and a good sized Pampano cut in three pieces.  I left the sour soup to the wife, and focused on the Pampano...quite fresh and delicious.  The meal came with lots of steamed rice.  I don't think either dish cost more than $9.00.   The banana lumpia was okay, but not exactly my thing when it comes to desert.  The service is attentive.  The value is there.  The place is clean.  You also get to view The Philippino Channel on a Plasma TV.  Make the drive to Henderson, everything here is much better than Goldilocks.
4	This place was a pleasant find. There aren't many non 'turo-turo' Filipino restaurants here in Vegas. I'm sad that this place is so far from my house - because I would love to eat here more often. The service was great. Everyone was friendly, and attentive to our needs. The place is pretty new as well - so everything is nice and clean. Food was pretty good - but they didn't have as big of a selection as I would hope they had. I ended up having the mix plate - consisting of Thelma's Special and Chicken Adobo. I loved Thelma's Special, but it came with a bit too many onions for me - it heavily outweigh the amount of tomatoes I received. Other than that, it was good. Sauce was good and so was the lechon kawali. The chicken in the adobo was very tender - but overall the dish was a bit too salty for my liking. Someone else ended up ordering the Tocino... I didn't try it - but it definitely wasn't the type of Tocino I'm used to eating. But, it still looked good. Overall - if I were in the area, I would go back to eat there. Prices were decent, and I'm always down to eat more Filipino food. But, it's not something that I would drive to that side of town for.
5	Awesome adobo fried rice!  Thelma's Special, a must try dish!!!
5	I had to try this place since I am Filipino and am always looking for great place to remind me of mom's and family home cooking!!Lunch Orders:3 item combination: Gisantes(Filipino Marinated Pork and Peas), Thelma's Special (Pan Fried Pork with onions, tomatoes and soy/vinegar sauce) and Pork Adobo with white rice. Gisantes was Addicting, Thelmas Special was Especially Delicious and Pork Adobo Much Better than most Adobo I've had!!Lechon Kawali: Pan roasted pork dish with a brown dipping sauce. Came Neatly sliced, Crispy Skin, Succulent tasting meat and Not too oily! Dipping sauce was the Best I've had and was a Must with every bite!!Sinigang Soup and Veggies Only: Filipino Sour Soup/Stew was a nice to sip on between bites of meat and rice. However, I've never tried a Sinigang with a mild sourness and I believe under seasoned soup.. Although, it wasn't my type (I've had Many versions of Sinigang, I like more sourness)  it was still heart warming and the chunks of tomaotes and green beans felt healthy compared to everything else I was having!Damn Close and Comparable to My Mother's and Family members Cooking!!! Reasonable Value, Corteous and Polite Staff and Clean dining space makes me a Fan For Sure!!!
5	This is so strange. I lived right next to Thelma's in Waipahu and now here I live in Henderson and guess what I live right next to Thelma's. Dude whats going on? Same bomb Thelma's Special, Adobo fried rice, Gisantes, all the favorites, the only thing missing is the little buffet that the OG restaurant puts out. The exchancge is a neat, huge dinning area with flat screen on the Filipino channel. Now i'm not filipino but my wife is so I can appreciate this kind of stuff. I always include a star for places that have orange fanta on their soda taps. Free refils of course. The food for those of you who don't know is the closest thing you'll find to a filipino home cooked meal ever in vegas. Excellent execution of traditonal filipino dishes. I may just be saying this cause I grew up on these exact take out plates and to be reunited again with my childhood comfort food is just a little too much. Tear. Clean and wide open dinning area, warm friendly staff gives this place six stars no seven....
4	Yummy!!
3	My son and I have different opinions about this place.  he thought it was outstanding I thought, so-so.  they need to be more descriptive on their things, for us people who like to try new things but, aren't filipino.   I had Thelma's special.  a little to fatty for my taste, my son had pork adobo he loved it.  it looked to scary for my taste,.  The macaroni salad was so thick I wished I had gotten 2 scoops of rice.  again my son liked it. so I'm giving it an A-ok I would of said 2 stars but, he pushed for three.
4	I would give this place 5 stars except one time I was there my order was forgotten. I ordered a simple breakfast plate and got it 45mins later. people after me got their food way before me. other than that I love this place. the owners are very nice. they know me by name because I go there so often. I definitely recommend this place to all my Filipino friends who needs a good "home cooked" meal. adobo fried rice is my favorite :)
3	I've decided to try this place, finally, after recommendation from a fellow yelper to eat the Halo-Halo.  I went on a Wednesday evening, and was a bit disappointed that they didn't have my favorite dish, the binagoongan.  Gosh how hard it is to find that dish!However, I thought the price of the menu items were quite fair.  We got the Lechon Kawaii, which was pretty crispy and yummy, w/ a big bowl of rice to accompany it.  We also ordered the mixed plate, which we chose the following four items (there is a list of items one may chose):-Pork Adobo:  It was tasty, like any other places, just less sauce...I like my sauce too.-Pancit Mix:  I should have stick with my favorite Pancit...Pancit Palabok-Dinuguan: Pretty good.  Don't let the blackish/purplish color scared you...pretty delicious-Thelma Special:  This dish includes chunks of lechon mixed with diced tomatoes and onions.  Well, I learned quickly that I liked my lechon crisp and as is versus all the frills.  Then I was ready for my current favorite dessert..Halo Halo.  There was barely any ube icecream, and there was no rice crisp!  The rice crisp adds texture and I totally missed it.  I usually finish the whole halo-halo, no matter how full I am, but I only ate half and dumped the rest.  I was very very very disappointed. :(The service was wonderful.  Our cashier/server was super friendly.  I probably will go back to try other items, but won't be ordering my halo-halo there (save myself from disappointment).
4	We almost didn't find this place and gave up, but I'm glad we didn't. I didn't know what Adobos were until this day and wow if I could I would eat it every day:) It was very very tasty and my mouth is watering thinking about it right now. If I'm in that area again, I will definitely try this place again.
5	1205 W Sunset Rd #180, Henderson, NV 89014May 29, 2011 Sunday - lunch 2:00 PM2 adults, teenager & kidAtmosphere - 5 starsFood - 5 starsService - 5 starsBackground - This is my first visit to a Filipino restaurant.  The restaurant's food has a influences with other Asian cultures; this is probably very common amongst them to share certain food items.Atmosphere - A Strip mall restaurant hiding on the back without a direct view from the street.  The small sign in front allowed me to find the place.  FoodAppetizer - Did not order any.Main Course - I ordered the Lechon Kawali, I ordered this based on the picture at the front near the register.  The crunch was amazing.  I can not even describe the sauce but it was amazing.  The plate came with raw onion slices.  The three together were wonderful.  Afterwards I had to look up exactly what Lechon Kawali was, and found out it was the belly of the pig, which explained the crunch so well.  I also order Spam Wasubi, which I have had at a Hawaiian restaurant.  It was a daily special and not on the menu.  I could have order three of these and been very happy just eating that for lunch. Dessert - Did not order any.Service - It was fast food as you went to the counter, but they delivered the food to your table without asking for names or giving you table tent number.  The lady working was great, I had a hard time saying Kawali, and she made sure I learned it with ease.  I find that some of the fun going to a ethnic restaurant trying to learn their language. Somehow she knew another plate we wanted to order by just reading our facial expressions, amazing.  They have a pop machine that was self service.  While we waited for our food extra plates were brought to us so we all could share each other's foods, similar to a Chinese restaurant.
4	We were in the area the other day for a glass blowing class. My wife is Filipina and when we saw Thelma's we decided to give it a try.While I have to admit that Filipino food is not my favorite, Thelma's did a nice job with it. I ordered the chicken adobo fried rice which was served with a fried egg on top. It was really good.My wife ordered a combo plate with dinuguan and pinakbet. My wife liked hers as well. If we're on that side of town, I'd go to Thelma's again.
4	Good food, very nice people.  Cafeteria style but they deliver to your table.
3	So I finally made it to Thelma's this weekend with my hubby. Glad I called for directions as it was in a hidden location on Marks/Sunset. I couldn't believe they had been opened since March 2010 as I never knew they were around (and I'm pretty good at knowing where the Filipino joints are...as there's not too many of them in Las Vegas, let alone Henderson) As we got outta the parking lot, we were greeted by the Cashier as she happened to be outside. As we walked in we were happy to finally see a big dining room as most Filipino restaurants are much smaller. It was clean and quiet...but may have been due to the fact that there was only two tables occupied by two families. The staff offered to help my hubby (I'm guessing since he's Caucasian) choose a dish; however little do they know that he knows Filipino food and can even cook it. But it was a nice gesture to say the least. Now onto our meal: Thelma's special: this was deep fried lechon kawali chopped up in small cubes served with tomatoes and onions on top. My issue with this is that it's served with a very bland sweet brown sauce. When we poured vinegar on it, it tasted much better and gave it that kick it needed. I only wish that we had some chopped jalapenos to add heat to it. Beef Steak and onions: This dish is one of my hubby's faves; however he absolutely hated this dish as it had a sweet sauce base. The ones we've had in the past is usually cooked in garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar (similar to adobo) but this had a Hawaiian flare to it. We later found out that Thelma's is more of a Hawaiian/Filipino restaurant which originated in Hawaii. Pork Adobo Fried Rice with scrambled egg on top: Now this was the best I've ever had! There were shredded pork mixed in and the rice was fried just right. I could have eaten this alone. My hubby and I wiped this plate clean. Although my hubby will most likely not come back to this place, if I'm in the area, I will definitely go back for more Pork Adobo Fried rice.
5	Just like home. Food here is awesome. Staff treats you like family. There is plenty of room. Menu is huge! Love it! (Try the Thelma Special!)
4	only did a quick glance at the menu when i came in and ordered the Thelma's special, lechon kawali, pieces of crispy pork skin and fatty tender pork meat with tomato, onion and soy sauce. definitely filled me after doing the brew tour at Joseph James Brewing Company.There aren't a lot of Filipino restaurants in the area so I like what Thelma's is offering, excellent selection of Filipino food, clean and lots of space. If you haven't had a lot of Filipino food you can either buy one of everything or just get the choice of four mixed plate so you can try at least 4 dishes. i haven't tried the ones here yet but try sinigang soup, pinakbet, lechon, beef or chicken adobo, lumpia, and the since it hot right now halo halo. all the pictures from the other yelpers also help.  saw some delicious looking pictures of omelet and fried rice dishes so i'll be back.
3	Finally had lechon...for a southern girl this is one of those must try dishes that I just learned about fairly recently...and have been trying to figure out when and where to have it...   Don't get me wrong with 3 star review...the place was super clean, large, pretty empty when we arrived and everything felt made to order, which was surprising since it's counter service.  For all you wondering what I mean and if this is worthy of your attention...we are talking pork belly, simply seasoned, cooked somehow so that the skin is uber crispy think shingle and the meat/fat is tender and simply porky...it comes with slivered and soaked whit onion and a sticky sweet dipping sauce that was oddly addictive yet unidentifiable to both my husband and me.  I have a strange love for Hawaiian Mac salad...don't ask me why because I find most, including pseudo Italian pasta salads revulsive...this was just ok.  The "mini" chicken adobo fried rice we ordered was actually pork... No complaints tho because it was tasty but what my husband and I both craved with these fat heavy dishes was acidity...crisp, clean, palate cleansing flavors that would lighten each dish and make it sing...   Lime, lemon?  Not sure...  But this is definitely a cuisine/culture worthy of exploration...its rich history due to the influences imposed upon its people and the large number of Filipinos here in LV, give us a unique opportunity for exploration and experimentation.
4	Another Yelp success story!  Rented a car to go to the Hoover Dam and wanted to take advantage of the rare opportunity to eat off the strip and that's when Thelma's came up in search.The pick 2 combo was a fantastic deal. I got the adobo chicken which was just heavenly - very tender and flavorful. I also took some yelp advice and ordered the Thelma's special which was small pieces of crispy pork skin with a with tomato and onion sauce that worked surprisingly well.Overall very impressed with the food, friendly counter service, clean/spacious restaurant, and outdoor seating.
2	Not bad....I've just had better....
5	Thier food is amazing. I have been to this place twice and so far I have tasted Thelma's special, squid, pancit, ltapsilog, umpia, turon snd longanisa musubi. Everythig tasted good and fresh.
3	I loved how friendly the girl behind the counter was! I didn't know anything on the menu and she was a great help! The place was very clean and a decent set up all around. However the food didn't blow me away... as a matter of fact... I barely liked it. However, being a chef myself, I must say the food was all cooked very well and I can definitely see it being someone's taste, just not mine. I will go back to try other items on the menu. Hold for the update...
4	Growing up with Filipino friends I have been surrounded with their food and I love it! :) So I was excited  when Thelmas opened close to home. The mix plate w. Chicken adobo, dunuguan (spl?) and a side or sinigang was delish! The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5...the sinigang is very, very salty and not as flavorful as others I've tasted.
4	Naturally I'm picky about Filipino restaurants because I'll always compare it to my mom-in-law or grandma's cooking. I have been to Thelma's twice and I was a happy customer both times.On my first visit, I was ordered Kare Kare (oxtail with veggies in a peanut sauce) and Thelma's special. I always order Kare Kare at every Filipino restaurant I go to because it's my favorite. I found it to be good but not the best I've had and with not enough meat (mind you, I said I was picky). Whenever I see a menu item labeled "special" I expect to be blown away. I thought Thelma's Special to be okay... I found the onions and tomatoes to be a little overpowering. Overall, I was pleased with the food and especially the service.The next time I stopped by, I had a hankering for Crispy Pata (fried pork leg). To my dismay, that wasn't on the menu. I settled for the Lechon Kawali instead and Dinuguan (pork blood stew). At first glance, it looked like the servings were small but my husband and I were quite full and had enough leftovers for the next day. What really made me love Thelma's was the quality of the food. The Lechon Kawali had just enough crisp in the skin and was so flavorful. I had never had Dinuguan with so little fat. Usually other Filipino restaurants mix a lot of fat with the meat to be most cost efficient. The restaurant itself is very clean and well kept. The service is warm and friendly. The prices are reasonable.  I only wish they had more items on their menu. Otherwise, Thelma's is a restaurant that I would go to again and again!
4	I have only ordered the Shanghai Lumpia here. But the service was really great and the people are sweet. They packed it up well for easy carrying and traveling along with a goo amount o the sweet and spicy sauce, and vinegar sauce as well. The Lumpia is not the best I've had... Come on, if you are Filipino you know at least one of your auntie's makes it way better. But this is one of the best Lumpia I've had at a restaurant, admittedly I've only had from maybe 5 or so other restaurants
5	Just like home without the buffet. Great service. Home away from home!
4	i want to say it was hard to find but maybe i was a little off lol but anyway the adobo was simply amazing....i would definitely go back if i was on that side of town....!!
5	I grew up eating at Thelma's with my family and after moving to the mainland the one thing I missed, aside from local Hawaiian food, was good Filipino food. On a recent trip to Vegas, I remembered the Thelma's that opened last year so naturally the Filipino in me really wanted to stop by. The Thelma's special is A MUST. We ordered that, shrimp sinigang and pork adobo fried rice. All of which tasted soooo good! Can't wait to go back to see if their kare kare tastes just as good!
4	My recommendation: Chicken Adobo Fried RiceHands down, best thing about this place is the Chicken Adobo. They are very generous with their portions. The "mini" is enough to feed 3 or 4 people. The customer service at the counter is great. Everyone is so friendly and always smiling. They don't bother you once they bring your food to the table. They let you just relax and enjoy your meal. I love this place! That adobo has me coming back weekly.
4	Since this is the best Filipino food I've had in the Las Vegas area I'll have to give this place a high end 4-star.  Plus, their sister restaurant is Julie'z at Kapolei, HI.  Their lechon kawali isn't like Julie'z though...just as good, but different.This restaurant is right near the Sunset Station Casino.  Sometimes it's nice to get away from all the buffets and glitzy restaurants of The Strip so when those times come we like to go here.  Comfort food that reminds me of home.  The food here is as good as it gets for Filipino cuisine.  The best deal in the house has to be their 4 item mix combo though.  You get a wide selection and the portions are decent for the price you pay (around $9).  I especially like the way they cook their dinuguan, pancit, and the broth for the oxtail soup.  The food here is delicious, the customer service is friendly, and the restaurant is roomy.  Great place for something different.
5	After looking around the Galleria Mall, I stopped by Thelma's Filipino Restaurant to get a hearty meal.. and a hearty delicious meal is what I received. Location is right across the street from the mall itself and nearby Sunset Station casino. I missed my friend's Father cooking homemade Chicken Adobo and Pork Gisantes.. oh the aroma that filled the room as he cooked these dishes. I woke up to this every time I slept over at her place. One of many reasons why I loved spending a night there :P So sometimes I have cravings for something sour, sweet, and tangy all in one visit. This place is just what I needed. I loved the dining area... so spacious and clean. The light green colored walls and wooden chairs gave this place such an cool, soft ambiance... I couldn't help but think I was in Hawaii or somewhere tropical. I enjoyed sitting by the window and having the sun rest on my face. Nice to look out and enjoy a beautiful day!!! I ordered a mixed plate of the choice of two.... I chose the one scoop of rice and mac salad with two entrees of the Pork Gisantes and Chicken Adobo. When the plate arrived, it had a wonderful fragrant, color, and looked so tasty!!! It was one huge chicken piece for the Chicken Adobo and the meat was so tender that you wouldn't even need a knife to cut it. All I had to do was peel the meat off with my fork. Juicy and a burst of flavor... it had a small acidic bite, but the sauce was so delicious with rice. The Pork Gisantes had chunks of meat, green peas and green bell peppers. The meat had a few chunks of fat too, but it contributes to the flavor of the dish, so I didn't mind at all. The sauces from both dishes were wonderful to taste...  It was a combination of sweetness and sour. I asked for the condiments and added some vinegar/garlic sauce to the Pork Gisantes, because I like to go a little extreme on the sour side. Maybe too much..  where you coat your whole tongue full of vinegar!!! I love it! After I finished everything... I always loved the Filipino dessert... Halo Halo! So I ordered their Halo Halo Special that came with Macapuno Ube(Young Coconut Purple Yam) ice cream! YUM. They serve it to you in a glass bowl with two scoops of ice cream and a piece of leche flan on top of crushed ice. Underneath the ice is where all the goodies are placed. Sugar palm fruit, jackfruit, nata de coco (chewy, jelly-like), and sweet beans are all mixed together to enjoy. It's topped off with some toasted crushed young rice and it's a wonderful treat to have after a tangy, hearty meal. And also you can sip it like a drink when you ate everything and all the ice has melted. So delicious and revitalizing to the senses!!! Service was very friendly and helpful. Although I don't eat much Filipino cuisine, I do love it every time I come here. Brings back good old memories and flavors I missed during my childhood. Their chicken adobo was very close in how my friend's father used to make it. Tantalizing aromas and flavorful dishes awaits for you at Thelma's Filipino Restaurant.
2	Stopped by here because we saw a yelp check in deal. We ordered the Lechon Kawali to share. Seeing that it was around $10 we figured it would be big enough for the both of us. Wrong! Our order came out and it was 4-5 pieces and a scoop of rice. The lechon was cold and hard. Maybe I'm just used to Cali filipino food because everyone rates this place highly or maybe I just came on a bad day. but I'm not coming back.
5	Okay I am Filipino and I don't really eat Filipino food. The only place I eat Filipino food is either when my mom makes the Americanized version at home or at Thelma's in Waipahu. Even that is rare. I'd say the only time I eat Filipino food is during the holidays.How ironic. Thelma's is in Vegas and I LOVE their Thelma's Special. It is so tasty and artery clogging but totally worth it. We went there to order a snack of fried rice for my nephew and dad and to put in our order for catering on Christmas Eve. Like I said their Thelma's Special is awesome! Other dishes we ordered were the pumpkin with pork, pork guisantes, and adobo fried rice. Everything was so good. My other favorite aside from the crispy pork is the adobo fried rice. Mmm! Their prices are pretty reasonable too. The girls that work in the restaurant are super friendly and helpful. After leaving that restaurant all that was playing through my head was that "Filipino Foods" song.
5	Wow. This has instantly become my favorite Filipino restaurant. I first heard about this place a while ago from my coworker. I wish it didn't take me so long to finally go.Since I'm not in the area much, I figured I'd try as many things as possible. I went with a four-item combo consisting of Mongo, Pinapaitan, Thelma's Special, and Pork Adobo. Of course, I added a small bowl of Sinigang for $1.The Mongo intrigued me because it's Ilocano style, which I've never tried before. It's less soupy than the Mongo I'm used to. In addition, it's white as opposed to green. But more importantly, it was delicious.Pinapaitan isn't something that would normally interest me. I don't like bitter dishes and the name screams bitter. Thankfully, the lady told me their version is more mainstream. And I do love tripe. The end result is very good, but I can still taste the bitterness obviously.Thelma's Special is basically lechon with onions and tomatoes. It's pretty hard to screw this up and they certainly don't. Delicious.As for the Adobo, this was the one thing I ordered that is probably the most ordinary. The large chunks of pork didn't really look like they would be tender, but they indeed were, surprisingly.Make sure you check in before you order so that you get your 10% off. I actually forgot, but then when I mentioned it to the lady, she was totally willing to redo my ticket and give me the 10% off. I saved a whole 95 cents! It pays to pay with cash sometimes.
1	This was my third and last trip to Thelma's. I waited about 40 minutes for an order of garlic fried rice and banana lumpia. This was due to what appeared to me to be a lack of organization in the kitchen - where the cooks were cooking orders one at a time instead of trying to stack them or figure out how they might efficiently cook the orders. Not worth it. Never again.
3	The food was fine and the staff was friendly.  I got a pork and pumpkin dish and it was really juicy, tender pork with slightly crunchy pumpkin slices.  The lumpia were pretty small... about the diameter and length of my finger.
4	This place is very clean and has a friendly staff. Our favorite was the sisig. Too bad they took it off the menu. Their sinigang and lechon kawali are delicious.
5	Being new to las vegas area i found this hidden gem across from the sunset station casino. ordered the oxtail soup which was very good, tender, had lots of flavor. Their lechon kawali was cooked  to perfection :-) crunchy goodness. I love how their a cook to order restaurant. everything was fresh. will be back again. i ordered to go but the staff was very helpful and friendly.
4	So I've lived by this place since it opened. I never went. When my mom arrived here in November, my brother took her here for lunch and brought back leftovers. She brought back adobo and oxtail soup. I ate the leftovers and thought it was pretty good. Then, a few Sundays later, I met up with them there and we ate lumpia shanghai, the Thelma's special, adobo, pancit mix, oxtail soup and shoyu chicken. For desert we had banana lumpia and ice cream in a bowl. Then a week later, I told Chris about it and he said, "Dang I'm jealous, I wanted to go too!" So we did. We shared and adobo fried rice and lechon kawali. Then when my dad came, we came here again and pretty much had the same things, except my dad had some kind of fish soup (I forget the name of this fish) and the food was just as delicious. So...this review will be on the items I have eaten thus far. Experience - 4.5 (out of 5)Taste of the food - 5 (no complaints) Beverages - 5 (soda fountain, all you can drink plus they still give you a glass of water too and refill upon request). Location - 5 Price for the food - 4 Staff- 4Clean bathroom - 5Safe parking lot - 5 Have a TV and the football game was on so Chris was happy - 5Overall rating: 4.722The portions for the price are decent. Even though my plate was a "2 choice" (pork adobo and pancit mix with one scoop of rice and one scoop of mac salad), the way they serve their meals, and you can easily share with whoever is dining with you. My brother had the shoyu chicken and Thelma's special and my mom had the oxtail soup. The food was plentiful and with tip came to about $50 (with 3 beverages). Seems kinda pricey for a Filipino joint, but this isn't some pick from a steam table place. It's a sit down and wait for some good grub kinda place. I like supporting Filipinos. I like supporting Filipinos that I think are from Hawaii. (Almost everyone that was there had some kind of "I'm from Hawaii" type shirt or had their "Island Pride" sticker on the back of their vehicles.)  I like supporting businesses that treat their patrons with respect and are appreciative that we're spending our money in their establishment. My only suggestion: the banana lumpia ice cream mix thing is yummy...just wish they put in 2 lumpias not one. I had to share this with my brother and was about to deck him for the whole thing (j/k). It was one scoop of ube ice cream with the banana lumpia sliced up and mixed together. Thanks Thelma's for giving me the idea to do that at home!! Too bad I only itch for Filipino grub once in a while (yep, gotta watch the HBP and cholesterol since I'm not a young un' anymore!). But if I do, I'm coming back to Thelma's. P.S. They have musubi there. Like 4 or 5 different kinds. Next time I'm going to try their longanisa musubi. Bonus: It's about 6 minutes away from my house!
5	Just got take out.  It was great.  Ordered the Thelma's Special and Chicken Tocino.  I look forward to more trips here!
4	Soooo delicious. The staff is so friendly and patient. The food is amazing. I definitely found one of my favorite Filipino restaurants of all time. It's the wait time for the food that is a little depressing but the food really makes up for it.
5	So this is probably the best Filipino restaurant I've been to in Vegas although technically its in Henderson. The lechon kawali which I always order was excellent, not too much fat like there is a other restaurants and the skin was nice and crisp, the pork and pumpkin dish that my wife ordered was also very good, the vegi was firm not soggy and that banana bread with ice cream is to die for. Oh and thank you yelp for getting us 10% off!
5	I have heard of this restaurant awhile ago.  I also read good reviews about the place.  I donot know why it took me awhile to finally go and try it.   I took my son and daughter with me after going to church last Sunday. We were not disappointed.  Everything was so tasteful.   The beef asada was tender and flavorful.  The pinakbet has fresh veggies.  The bagoong was perfect.  The Thelma's specialwas something different.  It was crispy  pork and it had bit a delicious sauce. I would definitely go back.
5	Awesome Filipino food... Must try thelma's special and adobo fried rice!
5	Every time I drive out to Vegas I have to drop by Thelma's for some Pork Adobo Fried Rice.  Conveniently located across the street from Sunset Station.  Super Yummy comfort food.
5	The food is amazing!!!! It's anytime food. Best service from quality and genuine people! If you don't try it you will have bad luck for a whole month!!(Jk;))
4	We ordered the adobo lunch combo and pancit mix for 15. 10% off with yelp check-in :)- hard to find. I drove around in circles for a while then finally called. next to a vitamin shop. prius gps fail. - spacious and nice decor. clean bathroom! TFC. - great service! served to us without the tip.- adobo was good. came with 2 pieces. tender. right amount of vinegar and soy sauce for a great taste. wish they gave more sauce to put on top of rice. side of fruit. - pancit was average. not dry, which is good. not sure if i would pay 8 bucks again for it. i'd just go for a pad-thai.- close but no cigar. eating filipino food in west covina and artesia/cerritos, i'd say that this place almost matches up with them. a bit more expensive. Although this is a great choice when it comes Henderson. Loves the fresh food.
4	First off, I had to drive all the way around the building to find it. They are located in the back. If they didnt have a sign in the front of the building, you would never know they were there! Make sure you check in to get 10 percent off your order. Just about everything on the menu is dee-lish. I usually get the lechon and pork adobo with steamed rice. I love the fact that they give you a small cup of diced tomatos and onions mixed with soy sauce and vinegar. You gotta have that along with the Mang Tomas sauce for the lechon. It's not lechon without it! Now I don't need to describe it to you if you're a first timer. I would say its a safe bet for your first time. Once you get a taste of these two items, you will come back for more. Of course you gotta eat it with the steamed rice to equalize the flavor. Otherwise, you will complain that it is too salty.To top it off, you gotta get the Halo-Halo for dessert! Its so good that they named it twice! Good to share but if you are able to finish it by yourself than you better get checked for worms! LOL. Service is ok. When you have a grip of people in there, don't expect to get your food with a snap of your fingers. They take cash and cards.
4	Driving 15 miles to come here for Thelma's special is worth it, in my opinion.  It is the only dish I have tried so far.  The hubby (a fellow yelper) and I both love it and since we are not big eaters, we usually just get that one dish and share it, along with their generous serving of white rice.  Location is great! If you feel stuffed after a big meal, go to either Sunset Station Casino or the Galleria Mall to walk it off!  =)To Roger T., thanks for the advice! Will definitely check-in to get 10% off on my next order!
2	I have eaten here once before and was very satisfied, but yesterday did a take out order.  I had the pancit and mongo beans.  OMG===horrible. Pancit was ok but mongo beans tasted like soap. Made me gag.  I think Elena's is sooooo much better.
4	One of my favorite filipino food is Sarciado. Ordered from here and I instantly fell in love with the place. Hubby got the adobo, ofcourse good also. Clean and friendly environment.. The only reason I gave 4/5 because it is a bit pricey for a small serving.
5	My family just got back from Hawaii and just in time to celebrate my mom's birthday.We went to her favorite place: Thelma's. Which was so conveniently located across Thelma's...as we were at Galleria Mall taking family photos as her gift.Anyways, 4 adults and 2 kids devoured 2 Thelma's Specials, squid guisado, 2 bbq pork sticks, and we even ordered fried silet. I think the latter is pig intestines; and my brother was the only one who devoured that!We even had room for halo-halo. Which I, personally, think is better than cake!Food was amazing, as always! Mom was more than happy =)The staff was so nice and polite, as always!They even took our order at our table which is different than normal. I'm guessing because of our larger party.Another great thing was my previous Yelp check-in allowed 10 or 5% off my tab. Which helped add to the tip the great staff got.
5	Pancit Palabok was the very first dish I ordered from here.  It's one of my favorite Filipino dishes that I only got to eat when at family parties. Now I can have it anytime here!!! Thelma's version is awesome...rice noodles drenched in the gravy shrimp and pork sauce topped with hard boiled eggs, crumbled chicharon, green onions, sliced lemons, yeah the works! The entree is meant to feed 2+ people, but I ordered just for myself.  Other favorite staples of mine are their Pork Gisantes. The meat is tender from being stewed with bell peppers and tomato based broth. Veggie lumpia another favorite.  Eggrolls are one of the foods the general public is introduced to when trying Filipino cuisine.   I come here for Diniguan too!  The pork is tender and very tasty. I can taste the garlic which I think brings out this dish. Some people are bit put off when you tell them the English translation "Pork Blood Stew" and the meat is cooked in the blood juices with garlic and vinegar. It's similar to the blood sausage or British Black pudding. So other than the process or the name of the dish, dont let that stop you from trying it out. Thelma's cooking is about close as to your mom's home style Filipino cooking as you can get.  Must try: Halo Halo Special....Shaved ice topped with mixed fruits, Macapuno (Coconut) & Ube(Purple sweet yam) ice creams...order same time you get your lunch, it takes a while to crank out the shave ice.Ambiance: Very clean, tables bussed right away. The place is Bright, natural sunlight beams down through all the windows surrounding the restaurant during the day. Maybe that's why it can feel warm even though they have the air conditioner on. For the Tagalog language challenged (ie Me) they have pictures of their different plates and entrees with the description and the menu in English.Service: Super friendly! Lorene who is usually up in front taking orders is very helpful and knows my husband's order more than I do!  I did an order to go once and ordered fried rice. I totally forgot to mention to leave out certain ingredients from it, but Lorene knew anyways! Thank goodness! So yes the staff here are definitely  rockstars when it comes to service with a smile!
5	This place ia great!  Super friendly, cheap, and most importantly TASTY!!!It is hard to find.  It on the inner part of the corner of sunset and marks.  Between mattress discounters and rubios mexican grille.
2	Everyone is really nice here. The food is ok(doesnt taste as fresh). I've had better. Its not my choice of filipino food but because its close to where i live so i come here. Their waipahu location is on point(i can taste the freshness), so it makes a total difference to me.
2	I stopped by the restaurant based on the great reviews. I ended up order the trio of the chicken adobo, Pork Gisantes, and a lo mein style noodle item. I found that both meat items were cooked very well technically, i.e. they were fall off the bone level tender/stewed. However, I felt that all three items were very bland and one noted. Nothing had any excitement, and I feel that the meal was a giant let down in the end. I really wanted to like this meal, unfortunately it was simply unable to deliver.
4	Thelma's special is delicious!!
3	Been wanting to try this since I moved here because of the 4 and 5 star reviews here on Yelp. While the service here is very good, I would have to say that the food is just OK. ( based on what I ordered - Thelma's Special).
4	Born and raised in the Bay Area, I have been exposed to the Filipino culture from my days as a small child. The families I have been around have always been so welcoming, and the food has always been phenomenal. Needless to say, I was expecting this same type of experience at Thelma's. My family and I ate lunch there a few days ago, and were a little shocked at the lack of customer service we received.  I get it; this place is not your typical set up. You need to order your food at the counter and then seat yourself.  Someone will then drop your food off at your table and will never check on you again. However, I noticed that other customers inside the restaurant were receiving more attention than we were. I only know some cuss words in Tagalog, so I couldn't follow the conversations. Don't get me wrong, they staff didn't mistreat us, nor were they rude in any way. We were basically ignored. For example, after our meal I went up to order the Coco-nana dessert. When the lady brought us our dessert, she didn't even grab our dirty dishes off of the table as she was heading back to the kitchen. I pre-tipped her when I paid for my bill, and felt that was the least she could have done. It's not like they were garbage cans around so I could clear my own table. I was less than satisfied from a customer service standpoint, but the food was good.For an appetizer, we decided on the Shanghai lumpia. These were close to perfect, and were accompanied by a sweet chili dipping sauce. My only complaint was that there were only 6 in the order. I could eat 2 dozen of these by myself-they are so addicting. For our entree, we decided on the chicken adobo. Good--but I have had better. Specifically, the adobo lacked seasoning and came across as a little bland. The pancit was delicious! However, my favorite part of this meal was the previously mentioned coco-nana dessert. Warm banana bread with a scoop of coconut ice cream over the top was the perfect end to our meal.  I didn't even care that I am lactose intolerant. I really like this place and am thankful that there is authentic Filipino food in Henderson. However, I am disappointed that the Filipino culture  I was familiar with did not coincide with the customer service inside the restaurant.
4	Filipino food how are you not better known and worshiped? Oh that's right, 99% of the time these are just simple dishes, made with love and care at home. I was first introduced to Filipino fare in San Francisco. Then it was good but very greasy, Thelma was nothing like the dishes I remembered.It's funny because the flavor and textures remind me if very trendy and at times very expensive cuisine. Take for example their lechon. If you are a fan or pork belly, this dish is heaven. Seriously, so good you know it's bad for you. Another example is their chicken adobo. So tender it's braised until it's falling off the bone. The squid guisado, is braised until tender and has some serious deep sea flavor. If you are a fan of the whole snout to tail movement, once again they have you covered. We have tripe, ox tail, hoof, the offal options are varied and done right.The staff is so kind and patient. They happily make recommendations and explain anything that may spark your interest.Prices are ridiculously good, and portions, well let's just say good luck. If you have never had the privilege of experiencing this cuisine Thelma's is the best place to introduce you to it.
4	My family would love Thelma's and give them 5 stars.  Me...not that much.  Tough for me to give Thelma's more than 4 stars because I am really picky when it comes to Filipino Food.  I grew up on this food and still think dad's cooking is 2nd to none.  I'm also from San Diego and lived 15 minutes from National City.  If you know National City, you know that's there's Tita's Kitchenette, Zarlito's, and Point Point Joint.  All tough acts to follow.  I still give this place 4 stars for the clean restaurant, great service, selection, and decent food. Out of everything I've tried here, I have to say that their Adobo Fried Rice is very good.  Sometimes service takes awhile and sometimes it's quick.  Located on the opposite end from where I live so its tough to even find the energy to drive out here for their food.  But if I'm in the area and in the mood for their Adobo Fried Rice, I will definitely make a stop.Wish List:  Too bad they don't have Chicken BBQ on a stick.  One of those things I miss and have yet to find a good one out here.
4	Gustung-gusto ko ng masarap na pagkain.I am honestly somewhere in between a 3 star rating and a 5 star rating for this place, so that is why the four. Not perfect but pretty damn good.We came with an appetite and ordered a crap load of food. We ordered so much food, they moved us from a small table to a big table. Yeah, it was just me and my hunny and my son.The following is what we devoured:Spam MasubiLonganisa MasubiLechon KawaliMarinated BangusA mixed plate with: rice and macaroni salad, shoyu chicken, pancit mix, and squid guisado.Another mixed plate with: rice, squid guisado, pinkabet and dinuguan.I fell absolutely in love with their lechon. Some of the best in this valley that I have tried to be honest. Their mang sauce is definitely not watered down like other restaurants do. (My mouth is watering just thinking about the lechon now). It was fried perfectly with a perfect ratio of skin, to fat, to meat. And most importantly, it didn't leave a greasy feeling in my mouth.The bangus was on point and was boneless. An extra plus for my hunny. The squid guisado was delicious as well. Not overpowered by the bagoong.I find that a lot of places fill their pinakbet with squash and this was a good balance of all veggies. Both of the masubi's were delicious and the fact that I could order a longanisa masubi made me very excited.  Honestly, it was all good. Except the dinuguan left me very disappointed. I was not a fan of the taste or texture of this one.We spend a little under $40 for all the food and had plenty to take home. Just know that if you order hot tea, it is simply a lipton tea bag and they give the hot water and lemon and honey. And if you like they play TFC on the TV.Gawin ang iyong sarili ng ilang mabuti at kumain sa Pilipino restaurant na ito nang hindi bababa sa isang beses.
5	Thelma's has great Filipino & some Hawaiian foods. The flavors are great and the service is wonderful. The only problem I would have is that when they ask me how I want my egg on my fried rice, I never get it the way I ask. So why do they even ask? Anyways...It doesn't take away from the taste. My favs are the Thelma's Special, Pork Adobo Fried Rice and the Longanesa Musubi. While eating there, I feel like I'm just eating at a relative's house :-), Filipino TV playing in the background all the time Lol. I've been to many Filipino food places and this is definitely my favorite. The best thing for me and my boyish figure (NOT) is that it's not too close to my house!
5	Great!Don't be afraid to experiment, with food combos you are not familiar with.Great food, very friendly - lots of local Filipinos!Definitely going back.
4	Like peanut butter? Get the Kare Kare!
5	HAPPY PLACEIt's been a long time since I last tasted my most favorite Filipino dish Kare-Kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplant with peanut sauce). To counter balance the heavy saucy entree, I ordered a stir fired Lechon Kawali Guisaldo (crispy pork with squash). A dash of shrimp paste on the white rice, and I was on my way towards total Filipino euphoria which included watching some heavy Filipina soap opera. I also got my fill of Fanta Orange soda to boot.
4	Good food & friendly service! Would go back soon.
5	the BEST filipino food in the valley.  this is actually the same Thelma's restaurant that's in Hawaii.... I'm lucky enough to live pretty close to it, but if you are coming from north las vegas or summerlin i'm telling you, it is worth the trip!   everything is made fresh instead of just "buffet" style like the other filipino restaurants.  Thelma's special, kare kare, and adobo fried rice here are my personal favorites.
4	Lechon with onions and the milk fish is delicious! I came here Sunday and got a decent portion (not enough meat, in my opinion). I did enjoy the Filipino food, which I rarely eat.
3	I like their Dinuguan , Lechon Kawali and pinakbet. Flavor was really good.They have to do something with their portions... seems like too little.Order Halo-Halo, I think that was a rip off . There was hardly anything in it and they charge $5.Service though was excellent!
4	Having never eaten Filipino food I was anxious to try something new. We made our way into the restaurant and liked that they had menus with pictures. You walk in and go to a counter to order your food. I told the person at the counter that I had never had Filipino food and he was very helpful with his suggestions. I got the adobo chicken and pork. The wife and kids got some kind of sweet chicken. All I know is that when the food is brought to the table the smells are wonderful. I can honestly say the chicken was the best I ever had. It was super flavorful and moist. Everyone had a great meal, and my daughter has already asked if we can go back. If your near this place stop in. You will not be disappointed.
4	We have been here a few times already and it is on the opposite side of town. We go there when we are in that area since I have not found a Filipino restaurant near where we live that I like. For me, this has the basics of the Filipino food that I like: pansit & adobo and it is good & cheap. The portions for a mixed plate are kind of small, but enough. I like the shoyu chicken more than the adobo. The only negative is I am a big fan of monggo. I like mine "soupy" with spinach and shrimp. Theirs is thick and creamy almost with fatty pork-not a fan of that version. Everything else I have tried there has been pretty good and not overly greasy like other Filipino restaurants.
4	The lunch specials are the bomb.com here! The chicken adobo is my favorite thing on the the menu. If you want some quick delicious lunch spots check this place out!
4	Good food. I'm a white boy so I was a little scared. I had the fried pork with vinegar and garlic sauce. Thumbs up.
1	I have to try this restaurant because of the great reviews I read, but was disappointed.  I ordered Thelma's Special and nothing really special with lechon kawali and some slices tomatoes with soy sauce on the side.  I also tried pork adobo and it was watery, not the way I wanted it to be.  I recycled it the next day and it turn out tastier than when I got it from them.  They also doubled charge me with the rice when, I didn't even ordered it.  Oh well, At least I gave it a try, 2 times.  I don't think I'm going back there ever again.  Sorry Thelma!
3	Thelma's fare is solid, but there was nothing that stood out as great.  The prices were great; dinner for 2 for less than $20.  We both had mix plates, and between the 2 of us we tried the Thelma's special, which is crispy fried pork pieces with onions & tomatoes.  The pork adobo, shoyu chicken, and the squid guisado.  Out of everything the shoyu chicken was the most tasty.  The rest of the dishes tasted like they were missing something, like they needed a little more something seasoning or something.  We added a little extra vinegar to the pork adobo and the flavor improved.The staff was very nice and the facility was very clean.  They are kinda hidden, on the back corner of the strip plaza.
2	The food wasn't that great, and i loooovvveee filipino food. Service was great. They were fast... They have a lot of pork dishes, which I'm not a big fan of. Would I eat there again? Probably not or maybe - if someone else is paying. Lol
3	Thelma's is a pretty decent restaurant.  While the food was good, it still wasn't amazing or anything special at all.  And since I am Filipino, I have high standards for my motherland's food.  Their lechon kawali was pretty good.  It was crunchy and not crazy oily.  There was a good fat to meat ratio as well.  They had the standard mang tomas sauce to go with the dish, which is very much essential.  I also tried their pinapaitan too, which is a gingery stew, with tripe and beef/liver.  Again, it was good, but not great.  Their chicken adobo was ok. But, I am very particular with this dish, and so it has to have the right amount of soy sauce, vinegar, whole ground black peppers and perhaps maybe even coconut milk with a bay leaf thrown in, so I am of course biased.  I also tried the Thelma's special, which is just lechon with minced onions and tomatoes on top.  My visit to this place ended with the halo halo special, which could have been a bit sweeter. It was also lacking more toppings.  Oh, and their water had no taste, which is good, seriously.  Don't you dislike the taste of tap?The staff there was very friendly, I must say.  I went an hour before closing and there weren't a lot of people.  Finally, I would say that if you are in the mood for some decent Filipino food, check this place out.  You may satisfy your tummy, but you probably won't be wowed.  However, one thing to keep in mind is that Thelma's is still better than some other Filipino restaurants in town which have their food drowned and soaked in oil.
2	I'm so sorry but I just can't seem to understand their food.Friend rice with egg and bacon. It was just straight up STILL white rice doused in soy sauce. For almost $6 for a small portion (VERY SMALL) not really worth the money nor actual food.Service was okay. I ordered over the phone for pick up. I would come back to use my 10% off, and I hope they'd still take it.
4	First time trying Filipino food, and "yah, I'm a fan." My dad let me pick the restaurant tonight, so I turned to yelp and it came through! We tried the pork adobo fried rice and the Thelma special=a fried pork pieces with this fresh salsa thing. It was good. I would get both again and recommend others to it! I wanna try the pork pumpkin soup next time. And there lunch special looked really good. something like a dish, drink and fruit salad for around 7 bucks
4	HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #5What started on a whim last week has resulted in the 5th day in a row of halo-halo for Mel C. and I.  Tonight we brought the challenge to the other side of town and invited a couple of Henderson Yelpers and the Asian Persuasion family to join us.  Shirley B is the duchess of Thelma's, a spacious restaurant near Sunset Station.  First tip:  use your Yelp app to check-in and get 10% off your order.  Ian A. checked in after he ordered and paid and missed out on the discount--sayang!  Next time, na lang.  There are two halo-halo versions here:  the plain one for $5.25 and the special one for $5.75, which includes macapuno and ube ice cream.  We had the special version and the ingredients were:pinipig (first time in 5 tries.  These are toasted rice grains--think Rice Krispies)macapuno (coconut strips)ube ice creamkaong (sugar palm fruit)nata de coco (coconut jelly)langka (jackfruit)cherries**See, we are learning the real names of the ingredients as we go along, instead of saying "those red stringy things," and " these green balls (!)."  Yes, Mel and I are both the kind of Filipinos whose parents didn't really teach us Tagalog growing up stateside so we've had to learn as we go.  BUT, I can understand a lot, especially when you're not saying nice things  ;)What was missing:ubeleche flanred beans (azuki)Everyone's halo-halo preferences are different, so we're just doing the leg work for you and letting you know what we find along the way.  I am still on the hunt for the halo-halo that has ube, leche flan, red beans, langka, kaong, nata de coco, macapuno, and ice cream in ONE bowl.  The search continues.  Halo-Halo Contender #1: http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwHalo-Halo Contender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaAHalo-Halo Contender #3: http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQHalo-Halo Contender #4: http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ
3	3.5 stars.Every once in a while, I have a crazy craving for bangus.  Since I was in Henderson, I was so glad to find this Filipino restaurant in the area.  Of course I ordered the Bangus breakfast plate, with garlic fried rice and 2 eggs over easy.  I ordered mini spam fried rice for the kids and a pork BBQ on a stick for each of them. Thelma's is an actual restaurant, not  "turo turo" style, so the food is cooked to order. So, the kids and I grabbed a table, sat down, and waited patiently for our food while we watched Filipino soap operas.  And we waited.  And waited. And waited some more.  Sadly, there was only 1 party ahead of us. After 38 minutes, the food finally came, but by then I was losing my mind- because I had 2 very hungry and now cranky kids.  At least the food was good comfort food.  And the mini fried rice was a huge order- so much that even after the kids devoured it- we still had leftovers to take home.  And the bangus with binegar hit the spot. The restaurant is huge, plenty of seating.  The service was friendly. The prices are higher than the "turo turo" places. I just wish I had brought a snickers bar in my purse to alleviate those "hangry pains" (hungry + angry) that crept up while we were waiting. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 52/100*
1	gross,soooo oversalted, fatty,unhealthy and overpriced.
3	I came here with friends due to the glowing yelp reviews. Service was excellent. Of the dishes I sampled, their Kare-Kare was the shining star with real peanutty flavor and lovely oxtail and veggies. This Sinigang Stew with Shrimp  (a sour soup made with a tamarind base) was pretty good and arrived with ample shrimp. I personally wish it was twice as sour but it satisfied.Less impressive were several dishes:The Lumpiang Shanghai, a deep-fried meat-filled spring roll with a sweet and sour dipping sauce, lacked flavor and texture.The Pancit Palabok craved seasoning and any anato seed flavor. The rice noodles were unexpectedly thin like a vermicelli but the lack of flavor was the main issue.The Halo-Halo (mix-mix) Special as dessert was just pure disappointment.  In their menu, the regular Halo-Halo description included several components while the Special seemed to include the regular ingredients plus Ube (purple sweet root crop) ice cream. The special arrived in an okay-looking presentation of crushed ice with condensed or evaporated milk, red nata de coco (coconut gel), something else that was red and seemingly coconut-based, as well as Ube ice cream. It was missing red beans, garbanzos, macapuno (shredded, sweetened coconut) and pinipig (crunchy, crushed young rice). Any addition of even just one of those ingredients would make it truer to its name.
4	Visited last week and was very happy. It took a few minutes longer than expected but it was well worth the wait. WILL return, next time in town.
5	STILL MY FAVORITE FILIPINO RESTAURANTWe had our UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event" with several other Henderson community Yelpers. Lunch was family style for the five of us. More than enough food with plenty of leftovers for a snack later on. It was also a chance to catch up with Thelma's two daughters who operate this restaurant.Great place to meet, chat and enjoy great Filipino cuisine.
2	no no no no no
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Only location is half an hour away from where I live.LIKE  The lunch special. The food selection. The shrimp omelet. The fried rice. Thelma's special.LOVE  The homemade taste.
4	I found Thelma's here on Yelp while in Henderson after a craving my wife had for good Filipino food. Being a bit skeptical myself when it comes to Filipino restaurants here in Vegas and preferring my wife's we gave them a visit. The location of Thelma's was only about 3.5 miles from our current locale and heading towards the direction of where we reside in North Las Vegas. Upon arriving at the address we discovered they are located in the rear, as the business post multiple suites via the same street number on Sunset. However once inside this was not your typical Filipino hole in the wall so to speak but a clean, spacious family dining establishment. Based on the reviews from Yelp I order the Pork Adobo Fried Rice and my wife had a combo plate. The host was pleasant and professionally apt to taking our order without flaw. The meal was delivered to our table within 5-10 minutes which I considered just great as this is not necessarily Mickey D's. I found the dish I ordered fresh and tasty even though the Adobo was prepared differently than my wives. I believe Star Anise may have been more heavily used than vinegar and soy sauce which I had no complaints with. My wife was just as pleased with her meal and didn't require a to go container. All and all we enjoyed Thelma's from the clean appearance of the restaurant, quality of the food and even appreciated being served on real dinnerware not styrofoam containers.
4	Probably the best Filipino food I've had in such a long time! The pork blood and chicken adobo and the local style macaroni salad was awesome!
4	I have to start this review by saying that I hate Filipino food at restaurants. I grew up with the traditional Filipino mom who made a home cooked Filipino meal every night. So my expectatios are really high. Restaurant Filipino food tends to be on the bland side to cater to everyone. I'm used to all the fatty, salty, greasy deliciousness. My family lives in California so I don't get to eat as much Filipino food as I would like to. However, the craving can get overwhelming at times. So where do I go?!?! Here!!!This is the closest it gets to Filipino home cooking. Everything I've eaten always comes out piping hot and fresh. Everything is flavored correctly. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like. My favorites are kare kare (oxtail and vegetables cooked in a peanut butter broth served with shrimp paste) and Thelma's special (pieces of lechon with tomatoes and onions served with special sauce). All sounds off if you aren't used to it, but trust me it is delicious. Only reason why I docked a star is because this isn't my mom's cooking, but it satisfies the need.
4	Been here a few times but haven't really wrote a review about it. This place is really good. The place is not a buffet style you actually order from the menu and they do have it to go too. The place was clean and comfy the staff seems like she does everything from taking your order to cashier to clean the tables and bringing your drinks. any ways my fave dish was the thelma's special its bascially lechon chopped into cubes with onions and tomato and the seasoning.  the portions were pretty good and can could feed about 2 or 3 people. i definitely would make this my to go spot when im craving lechon!
5	I was heading to the mall nearby and decided to try Thelma's. My boyfriend and I were satisfied from the first bite! If it's your first time and want to try a little bit of everything, get the mix plate. Great service as well.
5	Since it opened, this place is so Hawaii kine. It improved a lot on the menu. The food is still very enjoyable with the ALOHA feel. I wish I could substitute the macaroni salad with PANCIT instead. hint hint
4	We ordered take-out and waited for some time, only because we had a big order. If you check-in on Yelp you get 10% off. The lady at the counter was nice. Can't really write a full review because we never sat down and ate but the location was bigger and cleaner than the Waipahu location.
5	AMAZING!!!!!!!!! The fried pork is an orgasm in your mouth!!!!!! Everything is wonderful, I haven't had this good of flilpino food since a friend!! You must go here
2	Food is ok..Service is slow..Waitresses need to figure out which order belongs to who..They're nice.. But people come here to eat not to make friends with them..Seriously speed up the process..You can't have one person wait 40-50 minutes for one order!!
3	nice staff and attentive when it's a slow to moderate crowd but when it's a tad busy they get flustered and discombobulated. my girl ordered 2 - 2 item meals to go and got her order 30-40 later after two customers after her recieved their orders first. That's my rant on service. Food wise, I have no complains. Always on point and very tasty but they do need to work on portion consistency. 3.5 stars
4	My order, every time:Appetizer: Shanghai LumpiaEntree: Mixed plate of chicken adobo, pancit, white rice and macaroni saladDessert: banana lumpia special (the one with ice cream)I'm drooling as I type this...so delicious. This is the only place I'll go when I'm craving filipino food. No, I'm not filipino, and no, I'm not an expert on filipino food, but I do know delicious food when I eat it and THIS place is delicious. Too delicious to stray from, even though I have to drive to BFE to enjoy it. I knocked it down one star because theres been a few times I went when the service was bad enough that I seriously considered taking my food to go (because no, I wasn't abandoning the food after my long drive because someone wanted to be rude or have an attitude), but USUALLY the service is great- fast and polite.
4	Very good food! I always get the same meal every time which is pork adobo (their chicken adobo is good as well), pancit, white rice and mac salad. For dessert banana bread with coconut ice cream on top, yum yum!!
5	They redeemed themselves tonight. Great service, quick and everything tasted "masarap"! Try their "coco-nana" dessert. Banana bread and coconut ice cream on top! Yum!
4	Updating my review from my last experience ... I'm impressed ..Food was good, service was good !I guess you can say I'm glad I gave it another try.Thelma's Special is my favorite ..New item we tried is the Longanisa Musubi! Which was D E L I C I O U S!
2	Well this was a disappointment to say the least. We had high expectations from the reviews and ratings.  The pictures posted are really old and so are some of the reviews so take the into consideration.  We went as a family which included 4 filipinos that were craving authentic home made filipino food.  As expected the food was high in salt but this was more salt than needed for the cooking.  The menu selection was ok nothing great.  The duck wasn't very good. The lumpia seemed like the frozen kind you just heat up.  Disappointed.
2	Thelma's used to be my favorite Filipino restaurant but lately the quality of their food hasn't been up to par. I ordered take out chicken adobo, only to get home and find out they gave me fatty inedible pieces of pork. Sad thing is, I actually tipped and complimented them on how speedy their service was. LMAO. I need to find a new Filipino spot.
5	A nice quiet restaurant off The Strip!! I don't normally eat Filipino food, but this place is def a favorite when in Vegas for the weekend. I always get the Adobo Chicken Fried Rice and it ALWAYS hits the spot. Plenty of shredded chicken inside with a blanket of scrambled eggs on top!! Deliciously delicious:]] Affordable too, $8.50 for a huge portion. Also tried the regular Adobo Chicken and it was probably the best i've ever tasted. Use the Yelp Check-in for 10% off. I always try to find time in my weekend to make a stop here.. Craving it now as im writing this review actually ha!!
3	Went for our first time on a Thurs evening. Food was ok,staff seemed to be busy dealing with the kitchen area. We were one of three tables of people. I don't know if they normally keep it so dark.We had pancit with lumpia. Just noodles and a few tiny bits of cabbage,lumpia wasn't very good,almost burnt and was mostly wrapper. We also had the pork and pumpkin. Very little of the pork was edible.  Mostly fat and hard dry pieces that I couldn't chew. The sauce was very tasty.
5	This is some good Filipino food. Kare kare, adobo fried rice, and Thelma's special. Can't go wrong.
1	So we had ordered four halo halo specials. You know what we got? We received six ingredients- ice, two of the tiniest scoops of ube ice cream, condensed milk, some red jello, kaong, and macapuno. No mungo, corn, leche flan, and other usual things. This is the special. I wonder if their usual halo halo only would have ice and milk.Seriously, don't be so cheap. People, do not go and support a restaurant where it took them 15 mins to make this dessert. This is a total ripoff. Never again.
4	Coming from a family of great cooks (Mom and many Titas - all from Pampanga) we are always on the lookout for good Filipino food here in the states.If you're out of town and you're looking for this place - set your GPS to find the Sunset Station Casino, then look to the small strip center directly in front of the Casino.We got two kinds of Lechon - the "traditional" kawali style and "Thelma's Special" - the kawali was EXCELLENT - super crispy and the perfect cuts of meat, fat, and crispy skin.  Kare-Kare, Shanghai Lumpia, Boneless Bangus, and (of course) Pork BBQ all hit the table very quickly and freshly cooked.Perhaps my favorite part is the "openness" of their kitchen - you can clearly see it from the dining room, as well as the back hallway leading to the restrooms, where they have a large window that lets you really see behind the scenes.  Being in the restaurant business for the last 20+ years, I've really come to an appreciation of any business (especially Family owned) that has a high standard of cleanliness and food safety.The staff was very friendly - didn't mind speaking to our mixed group in either Tagalog or English - and responded to every request eagerly and with genuine hospitality.Looks like our family has a new "regular" spot whenever we come to Vegas!!!Maraming Salamat!
1	I don't know how this place got good reviews.  We stopped by for lunch and waited 40 minutes and did not get our food. They were so disorganized sending plates to the wrong tables.  Our plate was last at a table for ten minutes and then the waitress bought it to our table we refused to take the order. We left without eating and wasted an hour.  Would not recommend. Don't go
5	Best Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas!  I always get their mixed plate. Delicious pork adobo, Thelma's special, and mongo beans.   This is the only place where the Filipino food is made like my family's recipe. The staff is very friendly and always smiling. I would absolutely suggest to everyone to try this place out!
5	Great home cook food. I cannot ask better. Service was very fast and friendly. The restaurant is very clean. And definitely will return when we are back in Vegas
4	Hubby and I love this place and a regular haunt for us.  My Hubby's fav: adobo fried rice and spam musubi.  My favorite: pinakbet and Thelma's special.  This is a must try for anyone craving Filipino food.
3	Food was ok.  Nothing special.  Food was overpriced.  Spam musibi did not taste great. The rice was mushy and the whole thing fell apart after you picked it up and took one bite. I think they did not use the proper rice to make it.   Chicken adobo too salty,  and pinikbat was ok.  Squid was ok.  My kids usually love pancit but they barely took a few bites.  My kids didn't like the adobo either and usually that's their favorite food.
1	Ordered the pork & fish sinigang... it tasted like the soup was ready made &  then they just added the meat in when its ordered so the meat tastes bland... doesn't absorb the sauce because they cook it separately... My dad went there last week and said the food wasn't good either... they take to many short cuts to save money... then the taste of the food suffers...
5	Good Filipino food
1	Expensive.Unfriendly staff.Do not order marinated bangus. Will never eat here again.
4	Thelma's is a really good restaurant to go to if you're in the mood for Filipino food. The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size. They have a bunch of things to choose from like fried rice, sinigang, pancit, beef tapa, adobo and lots more. My personal favorite is the longganisa fried rice!
5	I literally had the best breakfast in my life here. I've traveled a good portion of the world and I have been to all 50 States. Until I had the chicken adobo garlic fried rice with two eggs over easy at Thelma's, I've never had anything so good for breakfast. I normally dislike rice but this rice is different. I ate here several times over my week in Vegas and I will definitely do so again.
1	You would think that they would do a better version of Shoyu chicken because they are from Hawaii. I was very disappointed.  The chicken was lightly seasoned, barely any soy and not sweet at all. I almost thought they served me adobo.
5	I'm from Seattle and grew up in Hawaii. My biggest complaint about Seattle Filipino food is that it is more miss than hit. I'm told this restaurant has ties to Elena's in Hawaii. The food here is legit. Reminds me of home. I had the Mixed Plate (4 choices): Pork Gisantes, Squid Guisado, Pinakbet, and Thelma's Special (chopped lechon kawali with tomatoes, onions, and soy sauce). For desert, Banana Lumpia. And it was all good.I love the food here.
4	The following items are a must try:Thelma's specialThelma's special and Thelma's special. oh and Everything that has pork in it. Which is more than 1/2 of the menu. The food is pretty quick. The chicken papaya soup is one of my favorites. It can't beat grandmas of course but it's hard to find a Papaya soup in Vegas.They have a TV that plays Filipino shows. I don't know what they are saying but there Funny.Give it a try.
4	Came here last week when I was in Henderson for business.  Had the combo with pancit, pork adobo and dinuguan.  I also got some lumpia and lechon.  Everything was delicious.  I don't have Filipino food often so it's kind of a comfort food when I can get it type of thing.  I'm kind of a germophobe so I hate looking into the kitchen in restaurants.  Now that I'm home, I'm craving it again.  I'll be back next week.
5	I have been coming here for a year now and their food is fantastic.  The local Hawaii twist to their Filipino food keeps me coming back. The food is not too salty or oily.  I absolutely would recommend anyone and everyone to visit this place if you are looking for delicious filling Filipino food to eat.
2	Let me start by saying the service and hospitality was great. But the food was much less than I would expect from a restaurant with this current 4 star ranking. Kare Kare had too much peanut butter. . Way more than I ever tasted in this dish.  Also the tripe and oxtail wasn't boiled enough and was very tough to chew.  and the Thelma's Special was not as appealing as the pictures and a little on the dry side.  We also had some fresh vegetable lumpia which were pretty good.
5	Thelma's special is the business!  Very good food, my go-to Filipino/Hawaiian eatery! Yum! :)
5	Authentic Filipino food that keeps having me come back for more.My mom is Filipino, so this food is a nice home away from home. I was surprised at the amount of options they have. You could get your classic chicken adobo, pancit, dinuguan, langonisa sausage (greatest sausage ever), Iechon , etc. I recommend going in for the lunch special, because you can get a large amount of food for like $7. Depending what you order, you'll probably even get enough for leftovers. I would also add a sinegang soup to your order. They make it salty, but delicious.If you've never had Filipino food before, my go to dish is the lechon. It's a pig roast with super crispy skin. In the Philippines we set the pig on the table and pick at the delicious skin before getting to the meat. At Thelma's, they'll chop it up for you so you'll get pieces with plenty of meat and skin...and fat.
5	Yummy comfort food. Chicken adobo, garlic fried rice, boneless bangus, crispy pork, beefstek....everything amazing. AND for dessert, I love their halo halo with ube ice cream.
2	Thelma's Filipino Restaurant Las Vegas is the second location for this Hawaii Favorite.  If you're craving Filipino it will take the edge off, but the original in Waipahu is better. We tried the Shrimp Sarciago which was pretty wet, and lacked garlicky goodness; the Sari Sari which was good, though I wished there was more broth; and the Fried Pork which was the best dish, fatty and juicy.Walk up to the counter to order and pay, then find a table, they will bring the food to you.  Not the best Filipino food I ever had, but the best you'll find in Las Vegas that's not homemade.  So go and enjoy!
5	My husband is Filipino and we both just love Thelma's. I get the chicken adobo fried rice and he gets the pork adobo fried rice and they are absolutely delicious!! Perfect seasoning, large portions and decent price!!! We have even brought some of his family and they all loved it as well.
5	Salamat ate thelma for your Sarap dinuguan and for playing one more chance on the teebee. Very clean restaurant and large space great for karaoke parties. Bring your nanay, Tatay, kuya, ate, Lolo, Lola, Tito, Tita and anaks here. Great place to eat.
5	Been coming here for I don't know how long now (back home and here) and although a good friend of mines always orders their tapsilog, I've usually just ordered Thelma's Special along with the usual adobo, etc - call me a creature of habit =|I've been on a BANGSILOG binge lately and it never occurred to me that Thelma's has this. And what an idiot of me to not have tried it sooner :(Literally came at opening on a Sunday (11:30am) and was the 5th person in line --- THAT busy, already!!!! Wanted to wait on the rest of my party of 7 but, didn't -_- I was hungry, ok!!!!!?!!!!! Order my milkfish (bangus) with over easy egg and garlic fried rice. That bangus had to have been my favorite out of all the bangus I've tried here in Vegas! It had to have been marinated for a long time because it was super tender and sweet. Not fried too much which is always good and healthy ;p If I didn't have the vinegar, fish would've been just as tasty. But, let's be honest, I'm a vinegar lover so that BadBoy, along with my rice, was swimming in Binegar **pinay accent**I neeeeeeeddddddd to go back and order two! Just for me!!!!! But, why you gotta be so far, Thelma?! WHYYYYY :(
5	My wife's a chef, and sometimes gets off too late  to make the filipino food she used to make for us. Thelmas is a great alternative for real home style filipino food with a touch of Hawaii food. Service is awesome too. Definitely stop here for any meal of the day.
4	If you have cravings or just too lazy to cook at home this is the spot to go. Food is close to home cooked meal and service is great. I would recommend this place specially to those who haven't tried Filipino food.
4	I come here every other week. The food is always good and fresh to order. Unlike some restaurants where the food sits there for hours like a buffet. Here, you order your food at the counter, pay, sit and wait for a few minutes, then a server drops of your food & drink. :)The only item I don't care for is their "turon" fried bananas wrapped in lumpia wrapping. The banana was too ripe...eek!, it tasted funny. I just threw it away. Every other items on the menu is pretty good.
2	Wanted to love them but the slow service and no AC when it's hot just doesn't cut it. Do not go on a Sunday when they are busy. There was a full restaurant and only about 3 people working. We waited almost 1 hour for our food. Not to mention they mixed up other tables food. Meaning they sat the wrong persons food on our table and left. We had to flag them down and tell them it wasn't our food. Then they brought it to the other table, who refused it because it had been sat down in front of us. Food was solid but the waiting with our daughters in the heat with a lousy ceiling fan just doesn't cut it. Tried to tell the owners husband that we liked the food, but that it was too hot, he brushed us off and said it was his wife's restaurant. Yeah and you are in here working, so you should give a flip, right?! That blew us outta of the water, and unfortunately we will find some other good Filipino food.
1	Man, F this place.....FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF this place!!!What the hell are all of you thinking? I feel like I was just robbed of $25 for some sub-par mediocre longonisa, thelma's lechon special and shanghai lumpia....NO.  Absolutely NEVER EVER EVER again.  If this place was once good - it's sure is not anymore.I ordered pick-up and the girl who took my order was the sweetest thing, but the food is horrible.....this was my first time trying this place and with the reviews I've read I was expecting them to be at least as good as my favorite spot near Siena hospital - but sadly they failed miserably and I can't even believe I wanted to compare the two with one another.My husband loves longonisa, but one bite into one of six pieces, he stopped and put the rest on my plate and said he can't finish it because the taste makes him want to vomit.  I felt soooooo bad - he asked me to pick this specific dish up and I should've just went to our usual spot.  Then, the overly onion-saturated special ruined the other entree - and what was up with the lechon pieces all having no meat??  The pieces were cut up as small as the diced tomatoes and onions and was pure skin and fat.  REALLY? Like whoever was going to eat this dish wouldn't notice there was no meat? I honestly do not know what everyone likes here.  7pm when i walked in and the place was completely empty....there was a non-appealing smell coming from the kitchen area too and I felt really bad and sad for them, but now after tasting what they have to offer, I too will be added to the list of non-existent customers for this place.Oh, and the shanghai lumpia was cold....not cold like it was just sitting around for a while - like cold, not cooked all the way through in the middle cold.Yeah, like I said - FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF this place.  You all can have it.
4	Our favorite Filipino restaurant! We always have to order the fried pork, adobo fried rice omelette and Thelma's special! Service is always fast and friendly with aloha spirit! And plus the Filipino channel is always on!! Super traditional and reminds us of the one in Hawaii!
5	I traveled all the way to Henderson to try some authentic Filipino food. It was a drive but it was worth it! I liked the fact that you can get combo plates here and they serve mac salad. I enjoyed the  variety because I can have a little of everything .I ordered the pancit,  pork adobo and the lechon. The lechon had tomatoes and onions on top. I loved that because it reminded me of when my would make it and we would put it on top of our rice. The pancit was made with the thin crystal noodles just the way I like it. The pork adobo was also tender and flavorful.  It satisfied my craving for my mom's cooking! My husband on the other hand doesn't eat a lot of ethnic foods so it was hard for him to order. I did some pre research on Yelp for him before we went. They had a banana bread dessert with coconut ice cream that I thought would be good for him but they didn't serve that the day we went. Then he picked halo halo . I explained that they put different things in Halo Halo that he may not like. When the cashier explained the ingredients he passed on that. He ended up ordering the mac salad and garlic rice. Of course I took some off his plate. ( strictly for research purposes lol) They were both delicious! If you are in Henderson and want Filipino food  this is definitely the place to be!!
5	I come here when I need  mix of Filipino and select Hawaiian dishes when I miss Hawaii. This hits the spot every time. Their staple plate, The Thelma's Special, is always a good choice.
4	Coming from Hawaii where the other Thelma's is at, I am very familiar with their Filipino spread. The difference is this location doesn't have a buffet but it is much nicer and cleaner looking. If there's only 2 of you and you're both pretty hungry, I would say you best bet is the 4 choice mix plate for around $10 (my fav combo-pancit mix, guisantes, squid guisado, mongo beans) which comes with 2 scoops of rice. Their bangus sinigang ($13) is pretty good. The one thing I didn't like was their oxtail soup. It only had oxtail (small ones), onions, and some other vegetable which in my opinion is not worth the price. Parking is plentiful as its located near Sunset Station and Casino. Funny story alert...I called for a takeout order once and asked if they had Bicol Express as my wife was craving it. When I asked if they had it, the female employee replied, "Umm..what's that?" My wife and I laughed hysterically...
4	I had the Thelma's lunch special (lechon with soy sauce, I think some vinegar, diced tomatoes and onions) and it was packed with flavor!  Surprisingly, the lechon skin was still crispy.  Includes 2 scoops of rice and a drink for $7.  Reasonably priced.  Their lumpia was good too.
