5	I'm writing this review for my mom.  She absolutely loves The Hub!  She was a long time member of a regular boring box gym that will go unnamed.  She is a very avid runner, but would occasionally go to boxing and other classes.  She was really tired of the same old routine at the gym, every class she went to was the same, and she slowly stopped going as much.  She was wondering why she wasnt adding as much muscle, and it was because she wasnt going enough.  She wanted more of a challenge and she definitely found it at The Hub. She is always so excited to tell me about her workouts.  She said she is sore again from working out and in a good way.  She takes a class called Hybrid, but I believe they also offer some other options like Yoga, and Kids Fitness.  She loves how welcoming everyone is and how hard everyone is willing to work when they are there.  They do some individual exercises in the group class, and they sometimes have team challenges, like holding up a giant tire and walking it around the building.  She is doing exercises that she sees trainers do on TV and is LOVING it! All ages come her from what she tells me, male and female.  From what she is telling me I am going to have to check it out, and it sounds like anyone that is tired of their boring routine should too!  She gives this place 5 stars, and wants everyone to know about it, so I thought I would help her out since she doesnt have her own account.
5	I've been a member at Hub for almost 3 years.  Before joining Hub, I had gone to numerous "regular" gyms.  I would never, EVER push myself as hard as I'm pushed at Hub.  Not only am I stronger, but I feel great AND have made lots of new friends.  The hybrid class is a boot camp meets cross fit.  The trainers are terrific and make sure you are doing everything correctly.  And they offer yoga and spin as well.  Come on into Hub Fitness and get your sweat on!!
5	The classes at the Hub are great!  I like the other review of boot camp meets cross fit - it's a good summary. Crossfit used too heavy of weights for me and was too focused on competition.  At the Hub you partner up with someone each class and endure a well led intense workout.  Everyone can manage their own intensity for a given day by adjusting the weights they use or the speed they go.  I always tell myself on tired days that I'll drag myself there and just take it easy - but midway through I find myself full speed and am so glad I walked in the door.  The instructors are super personable and give extra tips as much as you want.  This is a gem in Ahwatukee and I'm so glad I found it. Doing the workouts with a partner is a great way to meet the other members and the other members have been friendly and supportive - regardless of how in shape or out of shape you are. The new yoga classes are great - they are somehow both relaxing and challenging at the same time.  I highly recommend this gym.  It's not a cheap mega-gym, but for what they offer it's very reasonably priced.  A yoga studio alone charges the same - and The Hub offers yoga, hybrid and spin!!
