5	Just had Amigo fix a clog and a bathtub with no hot water. I am very leery of repairmen, I always feel like I get ripped off. The repairman (Nelson) was very nice and explained the repairs well. He told me there was a clog 30 feet in the pipe and then that my bath needed a new cartridge and the part was $45. I googled it and it was actually $47 online. Our total bill was around $200 and he even gave me 10% off from a coupon I found on their website. I felt they were very honest and they did a great job.
1	I am no expert when it comes to plumbing. But the advice given to me by my parents seems fitting. Which was to get three quotes. On the plus side they were first to respond to a online form that sent my contact information to five companies. They were friendly. At least that was until I asked for a written quote.  Then the smiles went away. I made it clear I wanted 3 quotes before I picked anyone. I had to wait till their boss could send me a quote, they could not write me one while they were there.The quote I got did not mention a best and worse case scenario on replacing my water heater. Just a standard cost +tax.  I suspect that meant hidden fees.I ended up going to Lowes where I got the best and worse case scenario. Also I got pricing I could keep, which another plumber would not let me keep.  Overall it cost me $90 below what Amigo's was going to charge me.Now the point of why I write this review. If it was not for their last phone call I would not have bothered. But when I got called again right as the contract plumber for Lowes Installed my new water heater. I told the guy on the other end thank you but I already picked someone. For which I was told "Thanks for wasting our time".  Being a business owner, I can tell you now that was a stupid mistake. Just because they came over and gave me a quote does not entitle them to my business.
5	Amgio Rooter was great! I had some serious plumbing issues. Nelson (owner) took great care to ensure that my problem was addressed with the smallest impact to my wallet as possible. He came out within 2 hours of my call. They showed up on time, were clean and very professional. Nelson definately had the opportunity to make more money but chose to take a more economical route that fully addressed the issue which saved me hundreds of dollars and time. I will use them again in the future and strongly recommend Amigo to others.
5	I came home after a vacation to find a broken water valve outside with water going everywhere at 11pm at night. The next morning at 8am I started calling around and was referred to Nelson at Amigo. I explained the situation and after we spoke, he said he would be at my house by 10:00am and he was true to his word. He arrived on time prepared to Perform my repair. Nelson not only is a professional plumber but he also has great customer service skills. He explained what occurred and walked me through the repair. I would recommend him and Amigo Plumbing in a heartbeat.
5	I recently had a terrific experience with Amigo. I was in a pinch when another valley company canceled on my wife and I on the last days of our home inspection, and we were advised to speak with Amigo by another reputable local plumber. Nelson was professional and courteous as I explained our need for his services right away. He had his guys show up the very next day to inspect our sewer line. After all inspections were complete, I had Amigo come back out to the house and work on my water heater, drains, and gas lines. Once the work was completed, they walked me through exactly what had been done and all of their work was extremely thorough. I'm very satisfied with my experience with Amigo, they were friendly, professional and very punctual. Their prices were very reasonable as well, I would hire these guys again in a heartbeat!
5	I hired Nelson (owner) shortly after talking to him. I gave him my problem (busted water pipe, main pipe from city to house valve) and he gave me a rounded estimate. Very simple and felt right. The final bill was around the estimate he gave me. I had talk to other companies but did not feel right, one dude wanted money up front. Anyways, I recommend Nelson.
5	Great job! They fixed a main line issue that another plumber was unable to fix. The Tech did as good of a job as you can do. Now all my water runs smoothly through the pipes. Really happy with their service. Thanks for fixing my headaches!
5	I had the pleasure of purchasing my home from a lady who was perhaps the worst DIYer ever!  My walk-in shower drain was at one time fixed, but never reconnected properly.  This would obviously allow water to drip down and fall on the ceiling above our living room.  Over time as more water dripped down, a water mark formed.  I immediately called Amigo and they were out to my home in Surprise the next day after work at 5pm.  The two gentleman who came out did a great job fixing the pipe, and drain grate.  When it came to the cleanup they did an amazing job, and couldn't be happier.  The price was not only fair, but with the Yelp deal ($59 gets you $100 off), well below what I expected the total to be.  I really do t hope to have another plumbing problem, BUT if I do, I will make my first call to Amigo! Every aspect of the service exceeded my expectation.  I also want to thank Yelp for saving me $41.
5	I was having some minor plumbing issues that I have been putting off for a long time.  I called these guys and they came the same day and took care of everything for me at a reasonable price.  I utilized the special on Yelp to get a better deal.  They made sure we were satisfied with the work before I wrote the check.  If have any other problems, I will likely call these guys back.  Thanks!
5	We had a plumbing emergency on a Saturday and Amigo Plumbing responded quickly.  They fixed the problem and were reasonably priced.
5	The night before a significant trip to the east coast, my house lost its water supply.  The valve connecting my house to the municipal supply got stuck in the closed position and I had simply no way of resolving the problem.  As luck would have it, Amigo was local and still open late in the day.  I was able to quickly and painlessly set up an appointment to have the work finished.  They were able to arrive the same day and resolve my issue within an hour, which prevented me from needing to worry about some horrible fate befalling my home while I was thousands of miles away.  I will definitely be working with them in the future.
