5	Great food at affordable prices. What you expext from a strip mall chinese resturant.
1	Do not eat here.  It is awful!  The food tastes old, re-heated.  Really bad.  You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
4	This place has been around for years and I have to admit that the quality of the food has remained very consistent.  It's a small place in a little strip mall, they have about 6 maybe 7 tables.  Most people come here for take out.  The food is very reasonably priced and you get a ton of it.  I've never been able to finish a portion in less than 2 days.  My favorite is the 6 fried chicken wings (all drumettes), if I remember correctly this cost about $3.75.They offer all of your typical American Chinese fare, which we all know is chicken cooked 275 ways and then beef and pork cooked those same 275 ways :)  If you're looking for a more healthy option, try one of the steamed veggie/fish dishes and substitute the fried rice for steamed rice.
4	Primarily chose this place because they delivered. Ordered sweet and sour chicken and was pleased with it along with speedy delivery.  I would try this place again and would recommend to friends.
4	Food wise Lotus is a decent Chinese place. And since Chinese places pretty much come in 2 varieties (decent and really not decent) that's good enough. What bumps them above par are two things: they deliver, which is novel for me, and you get SOOO much food. Like 2-3 meals worth of food per $8 combination. Can you say value? Yes you can.I also liked that even though there technically isn't a beef w/garlic sauce combination (beef w/ other stuff- yes, other meat w/garlic sauce- yes, beef w/ garlic sauce- not so much) they let me order it. And it was tasty...for 3 meals.
4	My go to cheap Chinese lunch spot on Harris Blvd.  The price is right.Its a great cheap lunch special($5-6 with eggroll) but sometimes the free tea tastes a little funky, so I don't drink it a lot of the time.  The chicken is real meat, the sauces aren't too salty and, there plenty of veggies with every dish.That said, don't expect to be wowed by some 100% traditional Cantonese or Szechuan food.  This is Americanized Chinese and it gets the 4 stars because of food per $.
3	My favorite Chinese food is General Tso's and so I use that as my measuring stick for Chinese restaurants. General's is called something else at Lotus, but is noted in parentheses. Lotus has HUGE, and i mean huge, servings. I was able to eat 4 meals out of 1 order (of course there were crab rangoons too). The rangoons were light and not as crispy as I would have liked. They also were a bit sweeter than other rangoons I have had. The General's was also not as crispy as I would have liked. While eating there were numerous call-in orders placed for General's and all were "extra crispy," so keep that in mind when placing your order. The food looked amazing when first opened: there were 6-7 red pepper pods and I was super excited that it would be extra spicy, but it wasn't. The rice is very colorful and has many veggies including peas and onions, but overall the flavor is somewhat bland. Overall: you cannot beat the price/serving size, but it's not the best General Tso's I've ever had. I'd be willing to go back and get extra crispy/extra spicy and see how that goes.
3	Meh.I was super hungry and my fellow colleague suggested Chinese. I figured, okay, she would know if it is good or not.Food - I ordered the lunch special shrimp fried rice. I was not blown away by the fried rice.  It was soo much, good deal, good price around $6.  There was so much rice and not enough shrimp.  But you get what you paid for.Delivery Service - Good, they came at a reasonable amount of time.Phone Service - Good, they were able to take my friend's order correctly and we got our food the way we ordered them. Good to know they did not mess up on our order.My friend's Shrimp Lo Mein was not all that great (lunch special).  My other friend's chicken wings - she loved. I believe I had them here before, last year, and they were good.
1	It could be the worlds best Chinese, but customer service and delivery method are putrid. I placed an order an order and asked for delivery. Order of five meals for friends and myself for dinner, so it is a very profitably delivery. I call an hour and fifteen minutes after the order and they forget my order and say it will be another twenty to thirty minutes. I will never call back and will not be advising any of my friends or coworkers to go there either.
4	Only edible Asian food between Northlake and University.  With P.F. Changs being the only close to edible and nothing special in University besides Thai house, it is what it is.Quick, cheap, consistent, and $5 lunch special comes with a tea.  It ain't the best, but it is the best around here.
