5	Mmmm. I have found a new love and its name is yogartini! I love getting what I want and adding what I want and the combinations at this fro-yo shop are outstanding. It is a great place to have a treat and escape the AZ heat at the same time. I had the peach yogurt with berries and granola to top it off. My son had cookies and cream, marshmallow topping and cookies on top (with gummy worms...he is 3!). The bad part it is that there is LESS guilt so you get more in your giant cup-o- yogart....but a treat is a treat, and this one is delicious!
5	Fantastic fro-yo! Clean, bright and cheerful. Great atmosphere. Workers were very nice. Fun place to go with the family. So many flavors and toppings to choose from...out of the ordinary! :)
5	I think we have a winner here folks!!  Love the flavors  Cheesecake, peanut butter, Cake Batter , Irish Mint  and a ton more  also two very tart flavors for those who love the Fro Tart scene.  The sweet soft celery green of the place gives it a hip feel along with the iridescent tiles all over the place and they have a super big seating area that doesn't feel like your perched in a hallway ( Jujuberri :() )  I loved just sitting eatting  hanging out without feeling like I had to rush out or ,get out of the way . Most flavors are non fat and low sugar , even a no sugar flavor as well.  Yogurtini  is chocked full of live cultures so it's great for your digestive system   so you got have a big bowl right away.Check out this place easy to get to off Bell and 7th street.
5	Amazing!
5	Thanks to my trusty Yelp app on my new Android phone I found this gem after eating lunch today.  I'm not sure how I've never been to a place like this before, but it was pretty amazing.  I made a half red velvet, half chocolate creation and managed to resist the urge to drown it in toppings.  With a ton of unique flavors I'll be trying new things time and time again when I come back soon.
5	I have to admit I am a big fan of yogurt.  this place just opened up and is open till midnight every night of the week!  (I get late night yogurt cravings)  This place is great, it's cute (not that that matters very much)  The staff is friendly, it isn't very expensive (.39 ounce.)  They have a bunch of flavors (personally I'm a fan of the cheesecake, cake batter and red velvet)  they also have sorbet and dairy/sugarfree options...  they also have a very wide range of toppings .  It's a lot like yogurtland, just in the moon valley area.
5	I love Yogurtini! There aren't many fro yo places in my area, so when I saw that this place opened up I had to try it out. I went last night & was pleasantly surprised with the wide variety of flavors & toppings. I truly am a kid at heart so I got the following: peanut butter fro yo with chocolate & caramel syrup & peanut butter chips (would have gotten Reeses cups but they were out-boo) & cake batter fro yo with marshmallow topping & cookie dough. I got them both in the medium size containers so total was about $12. I will definitely be back here frequently to try out all the other yummy flavors & toppings!
5	I found myself at home with a sweet tooth and wanted to try something new. I wan't sure if this "new place" would be open as it was 9 o;clock on a weeknight. Turns out, this place is open from 11 AM to MIDNIGHT every day! MIDNIGHT! How cool is that! And I thought North Phoenix rolled up the sidewalks at 9! When I got there the place was busy! There were people off all ages and makes hanging out... families, couples, friends, people getting stuff to go. They have a bunch of flavors and the nutrition information for each is listed on the menu as well. Everything is self serve which is nice because you can swirl as many flavors as you want. Sometimes these self-serve places can be annoying because they're confusing to navigate through, but this place is so welcoming and easy to figure out. My personal recommendation, and now constant craving...                      Red Velvet swirled with Cheesecake yogurt with cheesecake piece toppings. AMAZING!!!! And the Red Velvet yogurt REALLY DOES taste like your biting into a red velvet cake! Please try this place out... it appears as if everyone else is. In fact, after writing this review I think I'm going to go get some!
4	Great place, lots of flavors and toppings to choose from. The cake batter with circus animal cookies topping it off is awesome!
3	Flavored yogurts were a bit too sweet and tart (my favorite) was just okay.  Topping area seemed a bit cramped.  And I agree with the reviewer who didn't like having the sample cups up at the register.  Kind of a hassle to have to cut through the line to get them.  Packed in the afternoon with students and others.  It's okay.
4	First no sample cups at the beginning of the line!?! I understand that this a business strategy to not waste product on greedy customers tasting everything, but come on!Second!!! Great selection. I thought there was plenty of yogurts to choose from, and their descriptions were very nice. EVEN has a calorie count.Third. I kind of like the matchy matchy color scheme of the place. Its a place you will never forget.Fourth. I find it really annoying that these places don't have a water fountain, or just a simple water cooler for a glass of water. I know, I know, if I ask for a cup of water, they will grab one for me. But these places are suppose to be self serve!Overall awesome place.Double cappuccino, no sample cups at beginning, should have free water fountain and cups.
5	I don't know how any business can go wrong selling yogurt and you get to add your own toppings.  So it's pretty much a situation where if it sucks...then it's your fault.  Good yogurt, good atmostphere, good toppings, super cheap price, clean, and fast service.  I'll be back very soon!
4	First off, I'd like to say that although fro-yo is "healthier" than, say, the *cough*ColdStone*cough* across the street, the wedding dress I have to fit into in 4 months does NOT appreciate my current addiction.  You think, "oh, 110 calories isn't too bad every once in a while" until you get to the topping bar and proceed to pile on cheesecake bites, cookie dough pieces, chocolate sauce, and a few strawberries (like a bit of a healthy topping is going to cancel out the rest of that crap, right?)... or until one night at 11 PM you decide to run right across the street on impulse. Damn you, Yogurtini, for being so close and oh so delicious!
5	I drive 30 min just for some Yogurtini. This place is great!! Its Cheap! Its perfect for a group of friends!! Best of all.... The Flavors are great!! and they have a ton of topping choices for you to choose from. Also flavor combinations that they recommend are posted. Check it out its by the checkout on the wall...a little in the wrong spot, but hey you only have soo much room on the walls I guess. I first discovered Yogurtini from a Friend who took me there for a healthy snack after the gym. All I can say is now I cant stay away. You must stop by and try it out. Sample cups are available to try any flavors out. Usually by the register to keep the kids from making a total mess of the place I assume. Everything is low Cal and price is based on weight. It is all posted so you can check it out at the start of the line. Great location. Great looking decor.
4	Pretty cool place... considering it's just a self-serve yogurt shop.   The price was average (I think 39 cents an ounce).The pluses were they had a lot of different toppings.  My wife especially liked the chocolate rocks.  And they had some unique flavors which I haven't seen at other yogurt shops.
4	Tart tasty!  Clean, well kept toppings bar and quite a selection of flavors.  I really liked this fro yo shop and I am pretty particular with my fro yo.Did I mention they carry yogurt chips which is one of my requirements when giving a nod to greatness in the fro yo market.You gotta give them a try.
4	Had a very plesent time here! This was my first 'yogurt' experience and loved testing some of their flavors... I really did enjoy the big selection of fresh fruit to put on top!FYI get the rewards card.
3	I liked it, plenty of flavors, good mix ins, but not as many topping options as some competitors.
4	Yogurtini is a funny place. If you're a health conscious person, you can eat some very healthy ice cream and feel bad at the same time, as people take what is normally considered a healthy snack, and pile it up with neon gummy worms, chocolate syrup, cream puffs, and oodles of sprinkles. The store is weight based, meaning that what you pay is entirely in your hands. You can do what I do, which is around $3, or you can go for the "All American" and end up paying $7-$8 for the Chocolate Syrup drenched Cream Puffs and marshmallow cereal with a tiny amount of chocolate yogurt. Flavor wise, they run the gamut, and flavors generally change. I prefer mixing flavors, usually being guilty of mixing something with birthday cake flavor, then topping it with fruity pebbles & 1 cream puff. It's a tasty treat, but by no means don't come here looking for "healthy" desert. You'll just end up ruining your diet.
4	I love the Tart yogurt with fruit and those little chocolates with raspberry filling.  Choosing your own size, flavor, topping is just perfect.  Yummy stuff!  Cute decor.
5	Yogurtini is beyond rad. First of all, I'm a huge fan of tart anything. It's so light and refreshing. And they have zillions of tart options! It's like a tart Utopia! Then there's such a variety of fresh fruits, and boy o boy do I love me some fresh fruits. Also, they have a plethora of other toppings. I'll admit that my somewhat healthy frozen treat gets less healthy as I gaze nostalgically on gummy worms and Reese's Pieces.... A girl only has so much will power.
5	Love the rewards card!
3	I decided to check this place out after getting a coupon in my Savvy Shopper magazine for 25% off. I am a fan of all of the little self serve yogurt places popping up but I must be honest that this place is no different than all of the rest. Be careful that you don't overload your cup or you will end up paying a lot by the time they weigh your dessert!
1	I would've gone 2 stars if I were more forgiving. I could reason that it was the end of the day, that a big crowd of wayward children had just come through, or that a hurricane had blown out the back of the restaurant. But then, I tasted it.It looks as if Yogurtini is pretty well-loved around these parts, and I'm sorry to report otherwise. It's was like a bomb had gone off. The tables were filthy, the machine handles were all gunked up, there was assorted debris on the floor. The two teenagers working were too busy gossiping about who knows what to do their jobs. When we walked in there were a few customers sampling flavors among the ruins, with no employees in sight. We grabbed some sample cups from the register and dodged napkins and froyo puddles (and other customers) to try some different flavors. The levers are the type that if you pull just a bit too far you make a mess all over your hand, especially when trying to squirt a tiny bit in a sample cup. This mess is then added to the greater mess of everyone else attempting this same operation, and no-one attempting to clean it up.The stuff was real overpowering, to where instead of tasting like what it was supposed to taste like, it was bordering on medicine or like a bad imitation of what it was supposed to be. Like, cheesecake doesn't taste like that, good cheesecake anyway... And neither does cake batter, or banana. Where did the yogurt part go? And how do you screw up cookies and cream, exactly? The two that were the best (and most edible) were the Irish mint and the red velvet, and that's what we mostly ended up with.The decor didn't add to our experience. Everything is a mint green, but it doesn't come off as retro or even minty, but more like dated and hospital-like. Some people really like it but I found it unappetizing.A surly teenager magically appeared as we approached the register, only to disappear again soon after we paid. We sat down at a dirty table and dealt with our choices while the two teens again made an appearance, half-mopping-half-attempting-to-clean while chattering back and forth about their dating woes. We finished our yogurt but both strongly considered abandoning the whole affair.I very well could have walked into Yogurtini at the worst possible time on the worst possible day, with all the factors stacked against them, but I won't be returning to find out if this was the case.
2	This place has a terrible setup! You walk in and the counter is all the way at the back so you walk past the yogurt machines and everyone standing around them to retrieve sample cups. Then back through the crowd to the front where the fat and calories are listed for each flavor (why not post it on the corresponding machines instead?) Dodge other customers as you try to decide what to get. Get leaked on by every machine you get a sample from and finally get to the counter to pay. Prices are good, but this place is in desperate need if a fung shui makeover! I left annoyed.
5	Amen for yogurtini!!!  This is my favorite treat shop. They have quality and healthy. I jones for this place. The selection of toppings is dynamite!!!!!  Dang it now I want some. Looks like I have to make a trip!!!!  I suggest the blueberry yogurt and top it with all the fruit options. If you feel like being bad get the chocolate and top it with all the candy bar and chocolate options!!!!!!
5	It took me a minute to decide if I was going to give this 4 stars or 5 stars.  I was unfairly comparing Yogurtini with Yogurtology, my hands-down favorite yogurt place in town.  But I don't think comparing the two is a sound way to rate this shop.So 5 stars it is.Yogurtini is spotless, and always has excellent flavors available.  Their plain Tart is great, and I love their mint and peanut butter flavors.  They offer a large selection of toppings.  There is no hot fudge, but they have lots of good fresh fruit.The actual FroYo flavors are very yummy- no weird chemical, fake tastes.  You can assemble your FroYo in a healthy, no guilt way- select a lower cal yogurt, top sparingly or load with fruit;  or go whole hog and load it down with gooey sugary yumminess.  Employees are pleasant.  If you need to sample, go up front and grab a few sample cups from the area by the register.
5	Yogurtini was one of the coolest dessert shops i have ever been into! (and i have been to a lot). We were out in the Phoenix area recently for a spring break vacation, and we stumbled across this place on the first day of a 8 day stay. We walked in, and were so excited we became confused at how the self serve concept all worked (turns out extremely simple). We don't have any places like this back in Ohio (that i know of). We watched as a couple people passed though to see how the whole concept went, start to finish... VERY COOL! not only can i get what i want my self, i can get as many different flavors and topping... ENDLESS - id have to say our first test run was a little overboard, that the slosh of everything we could fit wasn't very tasty... but after repeatedly making it our daily stop for the rest of our vacation, each bowl of this delicious treat was planned out ahead of time to max out the flavors and experience. AND id have to disagree with some other fellow yelpers- but every night we went, it was spotless...very clean! There was some nights we walked in, with a line almost out the door...but the way this was run, was smooth and fast, there was hardly a wait. When it slowed down, the first thing i saw the workers doing was cleaning... the machines, the handles, counters, tables... very impressed, and with the pricing per oz, there is no way you can complain on how much you spend... its up to you how much you fill you bowl and pay for! Love that concept! This will be our hot spot for every time we vaca in Phoenix!
3	This is a pretty decent place. I'm not into this whole yorgurt shop trend, but my wife lives for all things related to ice cream. There are always tons of options and toppings.  The decor is pretty cool too.
3	I live here once a week! Red velvet with fruity pebbles is awesome!!  Great place to relax and have desert After dinner!
3	It's yogurt but no Yogurtland2.5 but I'll round up
4	This is one of the better yogurt places that have popped up recently. It's right down the street from my house so I've been there quite a few times. Their selection is great and they're always adding new flavors. It's definitely a healthier dessert option than most things out there now. They have a GREAT topping bar and their prices are very reasonable. Would've been 5 stars but after spending about $60 there one night with a bunch of people, my member card wasn't even active the next time. So much for all those points. Definitely try this spot though!!!
2	The frozen yogurt here tastes artificial and its always packed with kids. The sample cups are inconveniently located in the back so you have to go against traffic to get them. Annoying. I only come here when I have a desperate craving for frozen yogurt because its the only yogurt shop in my neighborhood. I have been to all kinds of frozen yogurt shops and imo Yogurtland is the best.
4	Yummy, if generic, sweet, cool treat on a hot summer day.  Look out!  Pick the 'wrong' topping or too many toppings and you'll pay more for them than the yogurt!Sorry, son.  No gummy worms for you!
5	Have you had a bad day?  I did, so I went to Yogurtini and it put a little ray of sunshine in my cloudy day.  Nothing like soft serve with yummy toppings to put a smile on your face.  I particularly love this joint (compared to others) because they have mini dark chocolate raspberry truffles for a topping! :)
4	Tons of flavors and always busy... Don't let the line hold you back from going it moves fast . There are tons of topping from fresh fruit , candy bars , cereal etc and most yoghurt flavors are less than 110 calories for 4oz. Get the rewards card for free ;) open late nightly!
5	This is my favorite of all of the self-serve yogurt places that have popped up over the past few years, mostly because they have a lot more flavors than others I've been to, at least a dozen. These include no sugar added and plain. The toppings are numerous and range from healthy, to breakfast cereals, to "I'm going to regret this later." There are also different sized containers, but even the smallest is at least 16oz. I always see people in there going way overboard with the largest of the containers, but who in America knows what a normal portion is anymore these days? Being able to pour and mix the flavors and add in the toppings myself is a huge plus, and makes each visit unique.
4	Today was my first trip to Yogurtini & I was impressed. I'm generally not a fan of frozen yogurt because it's not as creamy as ice cream & it can have a chemically aftertaste. That was not the case here. All the yogurts I tested were flavorful: vanilla, chocolate, dulce de leche, & caramel macchiato. It tasted more like soft serve than yogurt. The only thing I would have changed is that I wished they had one or two more fruit flavors in today's selection.
4	I've been to heaps of these yogurt places and man...after a long day this will take your stress away (^_^)/Clean, bright and long...but fast moving....lines.The Birthday Cake yogurt is my favorite.Be sure not to pick lots of heavy fruit or other heavy toppings...thats where u will pay the most.Look for coupons in the Val-u-Pack envelopes in the mail.Save 20% with the coupon.
5	FroYo is everywhere..but this place is just so adorable. I love the mint/white decor, and there is ample seating.The prices are pretty great, and you can always, always find coupons in mailers.Tons of toppings and friendly service.I love that it's open late too!
1	I had a craving for frozen yogurt and fresh fruit. I was desperate to satisfy this craving convincing myself that maybe this time I'll have a change of heart and actually like the frozen yogurt at Yogurtini. I got tart froyo and topped it off with strawberries,mangos, and pineapple. The fruit tasted like it was frozen. My sister got island coconut and added some toppings to it and it tasted okay. It was over $10 for the both of us. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless you like over paying for crappy frozen yogurt.
4	Nice to have a frozen yogurt place nearby.  It can get pricey so we typically only go when we have a discount coupon.   I like the variety of fresh fruit toppings available, although I often just get yogurt with no toppings.  The store is kept clean and fresh looking, easy seating and parking.
4	Love this place! My favorite is the birthday cake, and I add a little red velvet. Only reason 4 stars is its a tad expensive for yogurt, about 5 bucks a cup, but still super yummy.
4	Warning: you must have patience in order to come here. But, your patience will be rewarded.  The yogurt selection is among the best; very unique and delicious flavors.  I also LOVE how they have "Flavortinis", in which they give you suggestions for yogurt and topping pairings. The part you need patience with is the set-up of the store. There is a wall blocking the seating area from the yogurt dispensers. This is a very narrow area and you kind of get funneled through the line; there is no going back for a yogurt if you already passed it. Also, there tends to be lots of kids running around here, which can be distracting. But, if you can look past all that, you will be delighted with the delicious cup of frozen yogurt you will emerge with.
5	Went to Yogurtini for the 1st time tonight with a few friends. This place is quaint. I love the decor, the prices are great... and they are open until midnight every night of the week. They had a very big selection of fro-yo and ample choices for toppings. I cant wait to go back again and try another flavor.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! And unlike the one on 59th and thunderbird...THEY HAVE JUICE POPPERS!!!!!
4	Their are plenty of places to get self serve fro yo, but I keep coming back to this Yogurtini. They keep it clean, they rotate some of the toppings that are a little unique, and keep the best sellers neat and well stocked. They always have a coupon in the local mailer, and they offer a frequent customer program. Open late, too.
4	Love the fact u can get any combination of things u want ...the best
5	LOVE yogurtini!!!
5	Great place love it!
5	Yogurtini! You know what the best part of yogurtini is, when comparing it to other self-serve froyo places? It's open until midnight. Seriously. It's great froyo, open late. Why have other places not adopted this business model?Frozen Yogurt: The quality of the froyo is quite good, very creamy and sweet. The flavors are typically very close to their namesakes. The red velvet and the mint flavors are favorites! Variety of Yogurt: Yogurtini has the largest variety of yogurt I've found at a froyo place in the east valley thus far, and the flavor choices include a number of interesting options as well as your classics. Toppings: The toppings bar itself is fairly standard, but it's large. They also have those large pump canisters of hot fudge and other semi-liquid toppings, including grape jelly.Ambiance: There is plenty of seating both indoors and outdoors, and there aren't any huge distracting TVs. The room always seems clean.Overall, we keep coming back to yogurtini because it's open late and of good quality and variety. I'd recommend it!
3	Just like the other yogurt places for selection.Good news they had a vegan type for those of you who care. To be honest i ended up getting that one. I am not vegan by any means, but i do love a more icy texture and less/no creaminess when i have a cold dessert. one negative is they are poorly staffed. Busy sunday afternoon and only one kid working there. felt bad for the poor guy. But i didn't feel bad for too long after as i mentioned to him that the mochi was bad and didn't really taste like it. He said "yeah it's not the normal rainbow kind, but this is what i call the albino mochi"... i tried not to laugh at that comment, but yeah, normal is his "albino" mochi...anyways don't get the mochi here...something is soo off about it. I can't put my finger on it. It's like an oopsie child  between a marshmallow and "albino" mochi. LOL
5	Came here from a recommendation I received when moving into the Vaseo apartments. I've loved it ever since! I always end up getting a variety of flavors and toppings. Best froyo I've had in awhile!
3	They do have a great variety of flavors. But the toppings are not that great. The seating is horrible and uncomfortable.
5	Great selection of yogurt and toppings.  For me, it is worth the drive out of the way
5	This place is the reason why I had to go on a diet! I love Yogurtini. They have delicious flavors and great prices.
5	Great place take care of your cravings.  A wide choice of flavors with many toppings to choose from (if you want).  Very clean and pleasant!!   Enjoy!!
5	I am telling you that this is my favorite summer place!  The fro yo is amazing and the place is so clean it looks like you really COULD use the five second rule here.  I won't but okay.  The interior is not only clean but it's appealing and the customer service is astounding!  You can get points on each purchase if you sign up for their mobile club so that helps and the toppings!  I don't eat them due to being gluten free (and I don't trust buffet type food lines) but my daughter piles an amazing amount of toppings on, usually, at least three divergent yogurt type flavors.  She will do things like mint, cookies and cream and pineapple ALL in the same cup with these odd jellyball type toppings along with chocolate chips, crumbled oreos and more.  I like clean combos.  Tried and trues.  Chocolate and Peanut butter.  Choco/vanilla swirl!  Pineapple and , nope just pineapple!  Yum!They list allergens easily, I never feel like there is a cross contamination at the yogurt pumps themselves but I do avoid the buffet toppings.  That's just me not wanting to be glutened!  Pile them on!  Just remember, the more you pile, the bigger the bill!
2	I hate to update my review with a negative. Unfortunately, the past couple of times we have been here has just been disappointing. I almost threw away my full cup of yogurt because it was so plain and boring. The yogurt was icy and not creamy at all. I had to add a ton of toppings to make it taste okay. Seating is still horrible. The cheesecake didn't taste like cheesecake. The chocolate is not good. My husband and I agreed that we won't be back :(
4	I LOVE frozen yogurt! Such a sweet treat! What I DON'T like it watered down yogurt! *cough cough* (Mojo on Mill Ave) This place is really good and the yogurt isn't watered down. I used to live out this way so I would come here often especially since it was open til midnight on weekends!I love the variety of topping they have, cheesecake!!!!!! That is a topping I usually don't see at Yogurt shops. It can be a bit of a wait during certain times, but that didn't bother me. :)
4	I've driven past this place so many times and have always wanted to try it so when I had the day off and some extra time the other day I decided it was finally time!  The layout was easy, as soon as you walk in the frozen yogurt selections are all on your left hand side with labels so you can decide what kind of concoctions you want to start with, they have a good number of choices too.  I decided on the cheesecake and the raspberry sorbet (the sorbet was apparently vegan which doesn't make a difference to me but I still thought it was cool they had that option).  The cheesecake flavor I didn't like too much but the raspberry was really good.At the end of the line they have your toppings station where there are different kinds of fresh fruit, syrups, candy, crushed cookies, sprinkles, nuts, almost anything you could think of to top your froyo and then some.  I tried not to let my inner 6 year old run free and limited the amount of candy I allowed myself to scoop on and stuck with mainly fruits.Once my masterpiece was achieved I hoisted it onto the scale and said a silent prayer it would be under $10.  To my delight it was only $4 something.  The lady said they have a rewards program too so once you earn a certain number of points you get something free.  Can't beat that!
5	We love Yogurtini.  Our favorite flavors are the mint , chocolate & peanut butter.  They have all the toppings you could imagine.  I especially enjoy the mochi, seriously tasty.    The yogurt shop is located very close to yummy restraunts & lots of shopping so it is excellent choice for your desert destination.
4	Wide variety of froyo and toppings, good fresh fruit toppings. Great location. Cool environment on a hot day or night.
5	It's a great place when you're craving something sweet. They have many different flavors and toppings.I totally love this place!!!
1	Cute decor.  Nice idea.  But, in truth, the yogurt is not that good...something is just not right...I see a lot of people complain about the watering down of the product and that might be why.  I think there is no way having all these public hands come into a place and touch all the machines is going to result in a germ free experience.  I don't think I'll go back, sorry.
5	My fav froyo place!! $.42 per ounce. Delicious toppings and froyo flavors. Customer service is great. Also sometimes if you guess how much the total will be by how many oz your froyo is, you get it free
4	This is a great location, its always clean and the staff is always helpful and nice. I even heard one of them rapping and it was adorable
5	Great selection of toppings. You serve yourself so no complaints about the service. They do promotions every once in awhile that are good. Price isn't too bad just don't let your kids pile it up too high and you'll be fine. All in all the fam and I love this place. Might go back tonight now that I'm thinking about it!
5	this is my favorite yogurt place! they always have a great selection and really good promos (I am on a text alert type program)
5	This place is great!!!  Priced by the weight of the product you choose and the choice of any toppings you want.  Everything tasted great and the toppings were all fresh. What else do you want???  I have been back one time since my original checkin and will continue to come back. I went simple on my second trip:  vanilla yogurt, bananas, strawberry, nuts, covered in caramel. Couldn't be happier!!
2	alright I'm back, the kids really wanted a treat, so here we are. I'm always up for a second chance and I will say, the pomegranate sorbet was good. we skip most of the toppings and I'm still freaked out by the idea of people handling the machines and the germ factor. we were here 30 minutes and it got quiet, no customers in line and the 2 guys behind the counter never stepped out and wiped down tables or cleaned up the spills under the dispensers.  attention to detail is really what gets 5 stars.
3	Overall, Yogurtini is great. But this location in particular is not my favorite. We used to live nearby, so we went to this location somewhat frequently. The place was always somewhat "unclean." And the kids they have working there never seemed happy about having a job. Contrast that with the Norterra location a few miles north and it's like night & day. The yogurt, of course, is fantastic.
5	We love this place, it is always clean, well staffed & tastes so good! prices are reasonable & after you spend $50 you get $5 off.  The evenings get very busy, so we normally come in the afternoon.
5	Only yogurt place I know if the stays open till midnight! My sister and I love to go and study here or just to go when we have a sweet tooth.
4	All in all this place was good. Great choice of flavors and toppings and staff was very friendly. My only complaint would be that the space in there is a bit tight, more seating would be nice.
3	Yogurt: ok it's not ice cream...This spot is a rotating list of frozen yogurt with the serve yourself atmosphere.  They have a wide variety of toppings such as sauces, candy, fruit, or other crunchy bits.Sometimes the fact that the flavors Change works against them when my husband wants the peanut butter froyo!This last visit I got the island coconut yogurt w caramel, raspberries, blueberries, coconut, and a pink wafer cookie.  It's a great time place to eat 1 of your childhood favorite cookies so you don't feel tempted at the grocery store!Three stars because the fact the sample cups are not at the front, the decor is hideous, and no peanut butter yogurt!  Average yogurt spot that doesn't impress or offend, it's just average.
5	I would give this place 10 stars if I could!! Very clean, amazing assortment of toppings, lots of fantastic flavors. We will go there every time we want a sweet treat from now on! Two thumbs up from us!
3	While nearly everything at this self-serve yogurt shop is top notch, the yogurt itself just wasn't very impressive.  Yogurtini offers up a big variety of flavors.  Unfortunately, not very many of them stimulated my taste buds.  That's a shame, because I could rave about just about everything else.The toppings bar is crammed with a tremendous assortment of tasty treats.  The store is clean and doesn't have that bleachy ice cream shop smell.  The staff was really friendly (definitely didn't hurt that I asked for a couple of sample cups and was given about a dozen).  There are three cup sizes instead of the standard two (although it does start at the standard too big and goes up to way too big).Sadly, all the good qualities of Yogurtini can't add up.  I do feel bad giving Yogurtini just three stars, but in the end the most important thing a good yogurt shop needs, is good yogurt.  Maybe your pallet will differently.
4	Great variety of flavors!  It's got a clean, modern feel and plenty of room.  There's a half decent choice of toppings, though I personally prefer a broader selection.  I love the "menu" on the wall to suggest ways to mix and match flavors and toppings to make yummy treats!  We'll probably return since the location is close and the yogurt flavors were really tasty!
5	The best yogurt ever! The employees seem to always be working and keep the candy station very clean. I love it!
4	Out of towner review... Being from so cal there are yogurt places all over! This place had a great yogurt selection (really good even though there was 3 that said coming soon, it was still good) the toppings were delicious and well kept! The young man at the register was cute and attentive! I told him I was outta town and he said do you have a phone number with us.... Then he was like oh never mind! :). This was a great place, pricey, but worth it!
5	Yogurtini I cannot thank you enough for making my engagement so special last night!!!! I met my fiance at Yogurtini 11/11/2011. Last night, in an elaborate rouse, he surprised me by dropping to his knee at the place we met. The Yogurtini staff really stepped it up to make my day special. They brought out wine glasses with Perrier water (looked line a wine bottle), and chocolate cookies with heart shapes so we could cheer the occassion. Angela - THANK YOU. The rest of the staff whose names I did not get- THANK YOU. I will always remember this special day, and always remember how Yogurtini went above and beyond for us. I will always remain a loyal client, and recommend your store to anyone looking for a sweet treat. Speaking of - Their yogurt is fantastic. I got a little but of the "Mint to Be" flavor on the engagement day because I'm cheesy and the name seemed fitting for the moment. My favorite is usually classic peanut butter. Second to that is their new flavor fruity taffy -- soo delicious. I've been here many times, and I've never had a bad experience.
