4	We  enjoyed the Collins House and stayed in the Ithmus room. The house was decorated beautifully and was very comfortable. The only B&B in Madison we found that would accept our 2 yo daughter. Downstairs there was a large living room, large entry area, a sunporch (all of which were great for our daughter to play in). They left lovely surprises each night for us to munch on (cookies, lemon tart, chocolate tart) and the breakfast was incredible. It was a set menu but each day was different and very yummy. We didn't feel neglected at all. Within a decent walking distance to the capitol (about 1 mile) and the university which is nice. There is a large park with a playground within 1 block. The only negative I had was that it was a hot and muggy weekend and the downstairs common area was not air conditioned. I don't remember if there were window units like in the rooms but they weren't on. After the first day, we decided to shower AFTER breakfast because we got so hot and sweaty.Overall, a wonderful place!! We hope to stay there again!
4	Stayed for a football weekend.  Great location and a terrific value. Park your car (if you have one) and simply take a nice 15 minute walk to the Capital and just a few steps further to the campus.  Stayed in the Oscar Wilde room which was well appointed and had a very comfortable bed.  Highly recommend this place.
5	I'm happy to say Mendota Lake House B&B is getting my very first Yelp review.  It's well deserved.  I have stayed here two summers in a row and David and Bob have made some major improvements since taking it over.  I have stayed in the Oscar Wilde room and  the James Baldwin room.  The house is very spacious with multiple sitting areas for guests, the garden in the front of the house is breathtaking, the beds are comfortable, the towels are super soft, the soap and shampoo products they use are all natural, the breakfast is simple (scones, cheese, bagels, yogurt, coffee, etc)  and it is all organic and/or locally sourced.  It's evident that David and Bob really care about taking care of their guests.  We will stay here every time we are in Madison!
4	Short story: Gorgeous house, spacious rooms, off-street parking, super-friendly owners and very convenient location. Long story: Our room, the Oscar Wilde, was humongous. If you need to be in Madison longer term or need to do some work while you're there, I'd highly suggest this room. Aside from the big, comfy bed, there was a couch and chair in a sitting area as well as a table and chairs. There was so much extra room to spread out and get things done. The owners mentioned that a brewery rents out their whole house during Great Taste and I can imagine how convenient it is to have the room to get some business done. There was a night Packer game while we were there and the owners invited everyone down for drinks and snacks to watch the game. In the morning, there was a good spread for breakfast - homemade scones, organic yogurt, toast, coffee, etc ...It was a great find. We loved our stay.
