4	This is the new Thai Basil location at Park Central Mall.  I am happy to report it is much like its Tempe location in food quality.  I had the Thai Basil and it was just as delicious as the Tempe location.  I went during the lunch rush and had no problems, only prompt service and very yummy Thai food.  The mood of the restaurant is also quite similar to the Tempe spot--with the addition of outdoor seating.  This yelper recommends it!
4	Thai Basil was a good addition to Park Central. this neglected mall is a ghost town at night. I'm sure Thai Basil can do  good business off the assorted Club Central crowd, as either a before or post happy hour eatery. Open till 9pm on Saturday is good for me too. the Menu is typical Thai fare. the spring rolls i really enjoyed. they have yellow corn stuffed in side. i was quite surprised by it. I'm used to cabbage, clear rice noodles and various carrots, but CORN!! it was freaking delish. the dipping sauce was accompanied by a small salad.i ordered Red Currey (Medium Spice) it was very flavorful..but..medium?. i didn't notice any heat. not like in a mild. but like a missing heat. next time I'm going hot. and i pray they deliver the goods. i want scorching. tongue tingling action here.my homegirl got Garlic Vegetable with chicken, (Mild) we both figured go weak on this one cause she's not a hot person. and if it was weak. toss on some chili sauce. so..yea chili sauce was added.  the flavors were on point. garlicky and full of taste. not often do you see green beans in Asian food. i think the playful touches add allot. like David S.B. noticed in his review. Thai Elephant was much hotter. if these two restaurants are indeed related. i wonder why the flavor variations?? the decor is also quite different. there was only one image on the wall. and it looked like a WW2 Era picture of a family member who was serving in the Thai Liberation army or something. (i just made that up)which is a juxtaposition of most Thai restaurants i have been to which have random Buddhist idols and what-nots. honestly i like the change up.total on the bill for two entrees and an order of spring rolls was 36.Change which is pretty good.if Thai Basil and Thai Elephant are related. i think they have little twists that make each place different. i look forward to returning.there was a party of about 8-9 when we arrived, which at the time we got there. they were the only other people in the restaurant. so i think this place is good for groups...as of now. when this place picks up in popularity..i don't think it would be all that comfortable with a large group..inside. outside will be great. lots of ceiling fans to keep the area cool.
4	This place is soo good!!!  it is soo much better than pei wei and all those other chains. The food is delicous! they ask you how spicy you want it the food is made very quickly and just overall is soo good. the rice is never dry, the veggies are delightful, I would recommend the sweet and sour plate
4	I almost licked my plate. Seriously.When I saw that a Thai restaurant had gone in at Park Central where a greasy, fast-foodish Chinese place had once been, I immediately was turned off. However, when I realized it was Thai Basil, the same Thai Basil in Tempe, I was excited. Yesterday my friend Lisa and I went to Thai Basil for lunch (with cutesy rugrat Olivia in tow as well!). I ordered my usual favorite - Panang Curry with Beef. Lisa also ordered the Panang but with chicken.I already mentioned - I almost licked my plate - so clearly you know what I thought of my meal. I liked that they brought us a salad when we sat down, but I didn't think it was super-fabulous.We sat outside and enjoyed the lovely weather. We were served quickly and catered to as we desired. Lisa wished her Panang was spicier, but mine was just right. Can't wait to go back again!
4	Fresh, crisp, nice flavors.  Very clean and prompt.  My one complaint is that it is small and feels a bit aloof.  (So, i prefer take-out.)  But really good food.
4	Remember the movie Brokedown Palace with Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale? And all of the Thai people were so mean to them. Oh. It has nothing to do with this review. I was just asking if you remembered that movie. Anyway, you won't find mean Thai people here. It's definitely a team  effort here and everyone was very helpful and most friendly. Seating is rather awkward as their isn't any signage indicating what to do, wait or sit. Or order inside. But I was quickly invited to sit wherever. Before I knew it a cold, crisp, simple salad and a menu was place in front of me. Yay! Free salad. The dressing was SO good. I bet Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes didn't get free salad. Course they were too busy being pistol whipped by the prison guards. Anyhoo...I ordered the pad thai and it was fantastic. Though I would have loved more tofu. It came with the cutest little spring and a wedge of cold watermelon. YUM! Love watermelon as it so refreshing. All this for around eight bucks. I bet you Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes...oh...never mind. Just get your butt to Thai Basil. Where you will be greeted warmly, served efficiently and probably, won't get pistol whipped by a lesbian Thai prison guard.
4	Thai cuisene is another thing that I'm no expert on.  But I do know what I like - Pad Thai and Pad See Ew.  This place has both and I ordered the Pad See Ew because I have sentimental ties to that dish.Thai Basil is another one of the many restaurants taking my money in this busy little downtownish area my job is in.  I was in the mood for something Asian and this came up in mapquest.  One thing that I like about any place is if they have their up to date menu on the web.  Even the most humble website can make things better for any restaurant.  And they have one.  (and since I just found out that this is a popular chain, they'd BETTER have one)Looking over their menu, I saw typical downtown prices ($7-$9) and a LOT of variety.  They've got curry, rice, noodle, and stir-fry dishes.  Appetizers are not many, but what they offer seems to be some quality stuff - the Fried Tofu definitely has me interested.As for my dish, Pad See Ew, it was prepared to my liking (no carrots or cabbage).  See, I had a buddy back in Michigan who would make Pad See Ew for me at his old restaurant...nothing will ever come close to it.  However, this was not a bad go.  All the ingredients were there - egg, broccolli, the egg noodles, and beef.  All of it was notably fresh; no limp broccolli, tasteless onions, or questionable beef.  In fact, the beef was really tender and tasty on its own.I do have 2 gripes about the dish.  The sauce is not the best and the onions were a little undercooked.  With the sauce, there was a slight before and aftertaste that didn't sit right.  And as for the onions, they weren't undercooked to the point where they tasted raw...just not as done as I like.But the dish was overall pretty darn good.  I'd order it again.The place itself is in the little plaza type thing that's on over here.  Its next to Starbucks so its a pretty busy spot.  I went during lunch peak time so there were no tables available (only like 8 in the first place), but there are a few nice places to sit outside in front of and around the place.  Nice ambience with all the chit-chat and people coming and going.Service?  Well there was a hello and goodbye.  They were quite busy, so there was no time for weather chat.  I must point out that every single employee acknowledged me and said hello.  So that gets an automatic star right there.So far good food, nice joint, dedicated service, but a $40 a day type price.  Thai Basil is worth keeping a menu handy.  I will be back.(Sorry folks, I'm not from AZ so I didn't know that this is an already well documented chain.  Learn somethin' new everyday!)
5	My family and I were just passing through town looking for a decent bite and decided to resort to the Mall we were passing, and boy did we luck out!  The service was prompt, helpful and friendly and the food was delicious and inexpensive.  Even the kids were happy, and we're all pretty spoiled with a great Thai restaurant just down the way (if you're ever in Southern Marin, I recommend Thep Lela!), so we were very grateful to the travel gods that day, I can tell you.
4	Today's trip to Thai Basil made me realize that I was cursed, and now thanks to this place, the curse has been lifted. I don't know how or why, but somewhere along the road of life, a curse got put on me - no matter how spicy I asked for my Chinese food to be, it would always end up MILD. I mean, I would say it 3 or 4 times to the person taking my order on the phone. Then i figured maybe if I spoke to the person face to face so they can see the sincerity in my eyes - the very soul of me - that maybe they would make my dish spicy. But no, they didn't. I've done everything short of putting a gun to the person behind the counter's head. I had just accepted the fact that I would never enjoy spicy Asian cuisine; that I would always have to go home add my own stuff to it. Well no more. Thai Basil has consistently asked me "How spicy do you want it?" Not only that, but they proved that this is not just a rhetorical question. I've given them a specific level, and they do it. They. Do. It. So the last dish I had was the Spicy Noodles with beef. It was great. The sauce was unique and tasty...not just a generic batch sauce. Of course there is always better to be had, but for a lunch special dish, this was quite satisfying. I just wanted to updated this review because of Thai Basil's consistency. I've never gotten a 'bad' dish from here...maybe one disappointing dish (smaller portion than I thought it should have been). 4 star stat maintained.
4	Found a new location of one of my favorite Thai places, this time right around the corner from the technical training class I was taking to brush up on my Cisco networking.I had the lunch Spicy Noodles with chicken and it was just as good as anything I've had at the Tempe location. The service was attentive at first but kind of fell off after I got my food. I will definitely be back for more when I go back for more training!
4	Definitely one of the better Thai options in the Valley.  This place is small and pretty casual - but they do have nice touches like carved wood decor inside.  Got a green papaya salad with grilled prawns and a chicken satay.  The satay was perfect.  The salad was also tasty.  The Thai tea was the ideal accompaniment.  And afterward I could not resist the sticky rice with mango - which was fantastic.  Prices were reasonable, too.  I'll for sure be back.  The location is quite convenient, including a huge parking lot.
4	I like this place for various reasons: its clean, its location(right on central). I love watching the light rail sitting on the patio. The food is great too.
5	First let me say this, this food was amazing!Went to dinner with a group of friends from nearby Landmark Education.  I had never been here before but I was looking forward to it.The restaurant was clean and inviting...  First impressions were definitely a good start.  The server indicated we could sit where we wanted and quickly brought out sparkling clean glasses of water with fresh lime slices in them.  First time I have had lime in my water glass and it was a refreshing change.,I ordered the Papaya salad.  "A North Eastern Thai style salad, fresh green papaya tossed with grilled prawns, carrots, tomatoes, peanuts, green beans and spicy lime juice." I have never had green papaya, and was intrigued,.. The order came out within 10 minutes.  Beautiful plump looking prawns sat atop a mound of shredded green papaya.  The salad was garnished with a lovely carrot rose.The salad was absolutely delicious.  The spicy lime juice was not too spicy, indeed, I hardly noticed any spice at all.  Just a tinge of sweetness made it a perfect accompaniement to the prawns and the green papaya.  The salad was fresh, sweet, and beautifully prepared.  I really enjoyed it.My dinner partners also enjoyed their meals from Thai Basil, to Pad Thai, everything came out fresh and deliciousliy prepared.Highly recommend, can't wait to go back!
5	Best Pad Thai I've had in Phoenix! And I've tried several since moving here last year. Cute, smaller Thai place, but the decor is tastefully done. Friendly service and they do a great job of keeping diners in a tight lunch hour on schedule. The homemade salad dressing is amazing and I love the fact that the little salad is included with any meal. If you live or work near Park Central, I would highly recommend Thai Basil!
5	Best curry ever! I had the yellow curry and my boyfriend ordered the sweet nut curry. If you are a curry fan you will love this place!
4	This is my office favorite for lunch.  Lunch here is always speedy, but also very good.  During peak lunch times, my office mates and I can always come here and find a seat.  Within minutes of being seated, we are served a starter salad with a delicious sesame dressing. I have tried several of the dishes and been pleased with all.  Some of my favorites include the eggplant, spicy vegetable, and the green and red curries.  My only complaint is that the "spicy" isn't super spicy.  That being said, spicy carry some heat, and it's enough to please me and keep me coming back.  Oh, and did I mention the price?  Lunch with tax and tip usually runs me about eleven dollars.  Not bad for a hot lunch, salad and egg roll with quick service!
4	Yes, Pad C U twice in a week/???  I'm all up for it!!Usually I eat homemade lunch, but this week has seen my out and about with all sorts of work to do...So, I've been to the Tempe location of this restaurant and it rivaled Touch of Thai at Bell/35th Ave for my favorite Thai place in the Valley, though none have even come close to the places back in Chicago.Solid, solid, solid-you get a small salad as you sit down and I ordered Pad C U and a Thai iced coffee.  The coffee was sweeter than I remembered but the Pad C U was quite good.  More significant 'gravy' than Thai House in Scottsdale and just delicious.  Cheaper too even though they're downtown!
4	It's good!  A trustworthy place.  You can count on it. :)
3	Thai restaurants are the only ones who seem like they all have the word Thai in their name. Thai Lana, Thai Elephant, and Thai Basil. Mmmmm I like Thai food. I just said Thai 7 times in the introduction paragraph of this review. HmmmmFor lunch, this is a bustling place with business people eager to grab a lunch special with soup, egg roll, rice, and main dish. They are well staffed and extremely quick at lunch time. At dinner, it's a quiet place with an eclectic clientele. They do a nice take out business and it shows because the kitchen takes a little while at night. Our service has been spot on perfect on every visit... rare that I don't find something to bitch about service wise because I'm so ridiculously picky, but these guys are really good. They have a beautiful presentation with every dish that allows for it (some Thai dishes by nature are hideous,) and the decor and restaurant are squeaky clean. So far, I have to say this place is a fantastic choice. Then we get to the food. Park Central Mall needs a place that serves truly awesome food, cuz their current lineup aint it. Don't get me wrong, Thai Basil's food doesn't weigh you down, isn't full of grease, and is well prepared, but every time I go in there all I can think of is how utterly bland it is. I started asking for extra spicy after a while, but it still comes out bland, and I don't order bland dishes! Garlic Chicken, Pad Thai, Pepper Chicken, etc. All lacking spice or the flavor they should have. Albiet, the food tastes good, just when I go out for Thai, I am looking for some spicy food...All in all, the lack of spice isn't enough to keep me away... it's just enough to keep from running back. If they would get it right then this would be a great place... I understand your whitey white clientele might not want spicy, but at least offer a choice and take people seriously when they say they want their spicy dish to be spicy.
3	Good fast dependable.  Not the most authentic, but it's at Park Central, what did you expect?  Given the choices there, I'd happily go to Thai Basil over the Good Egg or Starbucks.
1	First time visit....I had two things on the menu.- the chicken satay appetizer- pad thaithe chicken was just ok, but it the peanut sauce had the flavor and consistency of peanut butter heated in oil.As for the pad thai, i'm not one of those pad thai snobs who went to phuket on vacation and now no Americanized pad thai is good enough for me. having said that, i was not impressed at all with the pad thai here. a big pile of noodles with little or no flavor except a sweetness that had a hint of the sauteed peanut butter from the chicken satay. the chicken was flavorless clumps as were the tofu. despite the bean sprouts, oily peanut clumps, etc, it was devoid of a variety in texture. I usually enjoy the the cool bean sprouts, the crunch of ground peanuts, the way the egg and tofu saturate with flavor, the acid and spice of lime/tamarind/pepper. ALL OF THIS was missing from this meal.$19 later, very disappointed since this was the highest rated thai restaurant in the area. despite this, will not be going back.Pad Thai is supposed to be the signature thai dish. I mean, it has thai in the name. if you can't do that right........?
4	This place has awesome food.  If you are looking for flavor, this is it.  it's a bit pricey tho.  Under $10 for a meal for lunch, not what I am willing to pay.  But when I feel like splurging this is it.
3	I went during lunch time and luckily we got a table right away. Soon after, the place get really busy. Because the place is located in downtown business area, you'll see most of the customers are non-asian. The lunch menu is limited to rice dishes, curry, and pad thai noodles. But you can still order from the dinner menu. We end up ordering papaya salad, which I thought was just okay. There wasn't much papaya in the dishes as they also overfill it with salad and tomatoes. The best I thought was the tom-yum soup, which is sour, spicy, and a taste of sweet. I would recommend the tom-yum soup. We try their signature dish of Thai Basil, which is a stir fry of your choice of meats and vegetables. The dishes came out really really spicy, which was a surprise to me. I should have tell them to do it mild.
3	Yesterday I was craving some Thai and after another restaurant wasn't open we were going to go to we decided to try out Thai Basil.  It is located in the mall off central and is a small little place with decent decor.  Upon walking in we were greated and told to take the open table in the corner.  We were handed menu's and after about 10 min our waiter came to take our orders.  For me it was a bit longer then needed but whatever I was ready to try out the food.  So I ordered the Panang Curry which is one of my favorite Thai dishes and Laura got the Pad Thai everyone said was the best here.After about another 10 min we got our food her's came out a good couple min before mine which I thought was not professional but ok at least her's was hot and mine was too when they came out.  So I sampled her Pad Thai and it was good but not what I had been reading in reviews as everyone said it was amazing.  My dish was just ok the curry had no spice to it at all.  So overall it was ok Thai food there are plenty other places in town that I feel are better so I probably will head to them when I want more Thai.
5	I don''t give many 5 stars.This place deserves for flavor, service and fair lunch special pricing.Hot, fresh flavor explosion.I love tom-kha and red curry, and this place has delicious examples.I recommend the red curry #29... make it Thai hot for a perfect kick, that's how I like it --- but I heard double Thai hot might be too hot for some people.Service is quick even when busy, and you can be in and out in 30 mins if you chow down! HOW, you may ask, when the food is so piping hot?Well it comes with rice, and you fish out some major chunks and lay them on the rice, blow to cool. You can spoon the sauce when that cools in 20 mins. In and out in UNDER 30 mins, I've done it.I haven't sampled the menu extensively, but I think you'll be happy!Outdoor seating for cooler temps.This is one of the hidden gems for the Phoenix area, I hope you think it's worthy like I do.
3	Nothing too exciting.  The lunch dish came with a quick serving of salad drenched with dressing.  I would have preferred the dressing on the side.  As for the entree, I ordered the thai basil special with chicken.  Nothing really stood out and it was typical.  The vegetables seeemed overcooked because they were a bit too soft.  Otherwise the chicken was just thrown into the dish.
4	The food here is great, the location is perfect, the seating arrangement on the other hand is about as comfortable as the DC Metro at rush hour. I guess it says a lot about the quality of the food when you are willing to get stuffed into the seats like you are about to takeoff on a Southwest flight to Midway and still you choose to give this place 4 stars.  Unlike Southwest, the place gets you to your destination in one piece.  The portions are perfect, the vegetables are not over done and the little egg-roll with every meal is a nice touch. The upside to this place is that it holds top billing for thai style curry in the entire downtown area.
2	We just moved here and were searching yelp for a new Thai spot. The high reviews this establishment received made us feel confident in our decision to order take out. We were so disappointed! The curry was ok. The Basil chicken, their "signature", was so dry we didn't eat it. The pad see ew, which is usually one of our favorites was the best thing we ordered, although even that was lacking a great deal of flavor. We won't return and honestly, we may not trust yelpers as much as we had before. My question is, does Phoenix simply not have very good Thai food and so everyone thinks that this lackluster spot is delicious??
4	Walked over for dinner while staying at the nearby Hampton Inn.  I went here largely on yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  I ended up doing take out, but ordered the penang with chicken (spicy) with rice.The flavor was right on (almost like being in thailand) and the portion was a good size for the price.  I was also impressed that it was fairly spicy (not ridiculous) but nice and tasty.  The staff was friendly although my interaction was minimal.
4	I really like Thai Basil because every time we come here the food is tasty and the staff is very friendly. It's great for take out or to eat there. If you go to Thai Basil, you have to try their signature salad dressing. It's so good it's like liquid crack! I was so happy to see that they know sell the salad dressing for take home (it's $5 and you get a good amount).For dinner, I decided to try something different so I ordered the Spicy Noodles. It was really good with chicken, panfried rice noodles, and a variety of vegetables. You can really tell they use fresh vegetables and good ingredients. While the dish was delicious I would have liked it a little bit more spicy, especially with a name like "Spicy Noodles." I have had all there curries and they are all terrific but the best one is the yellow curry.
3	I chose the pork fried rice from their lunch menu, the pork fried rice was good, but I've had better. The staff were very patient and friendly. I'll defintely go back here again to try their other dishes.
1	FYI: Will not accept restaraunt.com coupons.  Printed off the coupon and headed out for the 30 min drive to check this place out  and there was a big sign on the door that said we do not accept restarunt.com coupons., then why are you offering a coupon on there?   We all kinda had a bad taste for this place after we saw the sign and went to switch instead.
1	I purchased restaurant.com certificate as well. Though do not hold anything against restaurant.com as we have used them many times before. To help those in the similar situation restaurant.com does offer solutions for when these things happen. Copied from restaurant.com's site:"Although rare, restaurants can go out of business or change owners without informing Restaurant.com. If the restaurant is permanently closed or does not accept your Restaurant Gift Certificate, please contact Customer Service at info@restaurant.com (include your Restaurant Gift Certificate number or code) or call us at 1-800-979-8985 Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Central Standard Time and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday. Our Customer Service department will exchange your unused Restaurant Gift Certificate for equivalent credit to Restaurant.com in the form of a Restaurant.com Gift Certificate. You can then use your Restaurant.com Gift Certificate to choose another Restaurant Gift Certificate or Merchant Certificate from Restaurant.com. "Already wrote them and received my credit, will not be trying Thai Basil again better off sticking with Papaya Thai in Tempe!
4	I go to Thai Basil almost every week and the Panang or Massaman Chicken curries with brown rice are my faves. I like somewhere on the spice level between Medium and Hot, but I cannot do spicier than Medium here. If you are feeling crazy, try Thai Hot on the spice meter. Drink a LOT of water.This restaurant turns out great food super quickly and you get a satisfying meal for $10. There are 2 reasons why I can't give Thai Basil 5 stars... 1. You don't get the yummy free salad if you get an order to goAnd2. They told me it would cost $1 for a to-go cup of my drink (The Good Egg next door gives you free to go cups filled fresh).Still, great Thai food and a great group of waiters.I'll be back.
1	Place sucks. Right when we went it, we showed out Restaurant.com gift certificate, and they rejected us because it was a weekend. No where on the gift certificate does it say anything about using it on the weekday. So there service isn't great, it was dead in there... no customers and they still didn't take our gift certificate... bad business to turn customers away especially when there's no one in there. Haven't even got to try the food... darn.
4	Thai food isn't my favorite, but I really enjoy their pad thai. When you dine in they give you a salad with super yummy peanut dressing.
3	I ordered the Peanut Panang Chicken.... I rqstd to the waitress that I wanted extra Bell Pepper. When it came, it had -NO- Bell Peppers at all.... i actually didn't realize this until about 5 mins into eating it. could not find our waitress, I waited about 7 mins, finally, I had to get up & search for her. I found another waiter & told him my problem. He took my Dish, but then came back to tell me that they are "All out of Green Bell Peppers. Would I like Red Bell Peppers". I said yes, of course.  This whole experience has put a sour taste in my mouth about this place, which is next door to the 'mediocre' Good Egg on Central.   I like Wild Thaiger on Central MUCH better instead!
3	The food is great...service is pretty fair enough (during the lunch crowd). The only reason why I can't really give this more stars is because...well...I'm originally from Cali and they have amazing Asian food there that just can't compared to what you get here. But this place is great and I would definitely recommend to try their special of of the day (they have been so good thus far). I don't eat salad, but I've heard so much good things about their salad that comes with your meal.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant! The curries, the noodles, the amazing salad dressing, I just can't rave enough about the food.  My friends will drive 30 minutes from North Phoenix just to eat here.  Definitely a must try.
5	Great lunch spot.  Quick service and healthy and delicious Thai Food.  I love the Thai Basil chicken.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite Thai restaurants. It is not too far from Phoenix College, and they have a great lunch deal. It's about $8 for a delicious house salad, and entree. I always get the delicious yellow curry which is served with rice, an egg roll and a slice of watermelon. The food here is so delicious, I come here at LEAST once a week when I'm in school.
5	If your looking for a good peanut curry or amazing Pad Thai, this is the place! My boyfriend and I go here all the time and we seriously crave this place like no other.Food is always excellent, good portions, decent prices. Take out or sit in we have always had a great experience. Friendly and fast service! Yum!
4	Great food and jam packed at lunch.  Love the dressing they put on their salads.Ordered the Signature Dish (Chicken Basil) and loved it.  Comes with the salad, white rice, and a mini-egg roll.Service was excellent and food was prepared very quickly and came out hot.They have one little oddity:  If one dish is ready before the others, they'll bring it out.  So most often the orders sort of trickle out to the table.  Doesn't bother me but I found it a bit strange.
5	Why the low ratings? Food was great! I had the Thai basil w/chicken and requested it spicy. It was! No crowds on Saturday for lunch.
4	YUM!  Fantastic food, nice people.  The garlic eggplant and yellow curry are fabulous.  We are vegetarians and I appreciate that we can get so many things made veg. there.  I'm giving 4 stars only because I haven't tried a lot there - but what I have tried has been really really good.
5	Oh my god. My heart just melts for this place. Just the best customer service from these ppl... The guy and girl who take our orders always remember what it is we order down to the garnish we always request. They have great pad Thai, chicken pang curry to die for, and yummy house fried rice!  The best Thai food place, and the best little ppl running that joint.
5	This small restaurant doesn't have beer, but the food is fantastic and the service is friendly. Located in a shopping center on North Central, there should be signs and arrows pointing to this memorable restaurant. The Pad Thai and Pad See Ew were outstanding!  You don't want to miss this if you like Thai food.
3	Came here to meet some friends for dinner on a trip to Phoenix.  The hot and sour soup here is perhaps one of the best I have had.  the rest of the fare was decent and I would claim is average.
5	I love ordering their food Thai-Hot (thats the hottest you can get here). If you like you're food spicy, you can't go wrong. Their pre-meal salads; which come with every dine-in meal, has an awesome salad dressing. They also sell their salad dressing for ($5) to take home. I forget how many oz. they said it was. I think its close to 12 or 16, but don't quote me on it. Every meal seems to come with a slice of fresh cut watermellon.  The watermellon is a nice refreshing pre or post meal snack and also light on the added calories; although the rest of the meal may not be.My favorite dish is their garlic dish; either rice or noodle, ive had it with chicken and tofu before. The tofu is prepared in such a way that it has a crispy outside and a buttery inside. I don't think that I've ever ordered a tofu dish before and thought "I might order this again some time." Their lunch meals will cost you about $10-$11 after tax + tip, so I don't visit all the time, but they are a great choice if you can't stop thinking about thai food and you're in the midtown area near central ave and thomas.
1	EEEEEEWWW!  Total disappointment! I can't believe this place has any good reviews... what are people thinking?  I guess I'm spoiled with super delicious Thai food in San Diego. hmmm.... I am in town and found this place on google.  I ordered Yellow Curry (because of the positive reviews) and a small cup of Tom Yum soup.....$17 + change total.  Not only was I totally ripped off, my curry was extremely watered down. There was a crap ton of Tofu (which was the one good thing) and only a few pieces of potatoes and carrots.  The soup was watered down as well and prepared completely different then what I am used to.  This place sucks and I will never go back.  Epic FAIL!
4	I'm not an expert on Thai cuisine by any means, but the Iced Thai Tea is just...well...awesome at this place.
5	Salad dressing DELICIOUS,!  The rest of the meal and service was just as good, fast, friendly and totally yummy .
4	Reliably delicious Thai in Central Phoenix.  The trick is to get your food to go, grab a tea from Starbucks next door and enjoy Starbucks' awesome patio (comfy seats and mature trees and city views, oh my!).
3	Having moved from Chicago, it's nice to finally find a solid Thai place with good food and a very hip "Hey-you-guys-wanna-try-a-killer-little-joint-downtown?" kind of atmosphere. Friendly service and comfortable seating right next to the light rail. The only thing holding me back from that fourth star is the price, which was a couple dollars steep. That keeps me from being a frequent visitor, but not from dropping in every once in a while.
4	Great food but the waiter didn't ask us about level of spice for our dishes like he did for the other table. Red curry was awesome although lacking any real spicy punch
5	There is a reason I ALWAYS come here. The food is always good, the portions are better than any other thai place I've been to. I never pay more than $10. Whoever rates this place less than 4 stars is just being an asshole.
3	My criteria for three stars is this: Would I go back? Yes. Definitely.Was I impressed with their food? It's standard fare, presented cleanly and efficiently and at a very fair price. The lunch special that includes a small salad, a slice of watermelon and an egg roll is a great deal.I was able to take a coworker who usually sticks his nose up at anything that isn't buffalo wings, pizza or a chain like PeiWei.
4	Inexpensive, tasty, fast. The gentle peanut dressing on the pre-meal salad gets you started on a simple, no-frills meal with exactly one option from all of the classic dishes you expect at a Thai restaurant in America: massaman, red, green, yellow, or panang curry; pad thai or chowmein; meat or vegetable rice plates. There's nothing extravagant in spices or food choices, but you can order the spiciness level to you liking.
5	LOVE the Thai Basil w Tofu. Their tofu is so good! I'm very picky about my tofu and Thai Basil gets it right. I've gotten one of the curries once and it was good, but I love the fresh and light Thai Basil dish. We order takeout from here quite often and they're always friendly, fast and never screw up the order! The prices are great too!
4	The Thai Basil Chicken was awesome!!  However, there was a creepy old Asian lady that was crashed out in a booth and she didn't look too healthy:  Not sure what was all about.  Anyway, the table was wobbly, but the food was great & I shall return.
4	My usual Thai restaurant stop while traveling for businessService was good and food came out quickly.  Portion sizes were good for lunch and the prices are on par fo the food.  Food was alright, not great, not bad.  I had my usual Pad Thai Shrimp spicy and ordered an bowl of Tom Kha Gha (coconut soup).  Lunch meal came with a small eggroll and s slice of watermelon.I liked the soup because they spiced it up.I was pretty full for lunch and just by-passed the salad and went for the good stuff.My only gripe was if you go for lunch, good luck with seating.   The inside is packed and tables are close.  We ended up sitting outside, under a fan and next to a mister from the restaurant next door.  That was a life saver, as you Phoenix is brutally hot at noon.I would go back.
4	Gotta love the Green Curry!!!
4	Nothing fancy here, but if you work in the area, these people are all business. They will have you in and out in 30 minutes, which is impressive for a sit-down restaurant. You have a salad with a fantastic lime basil house dressing in front of you within 60 seconds. They selection and price are very good, in my opinion. Not the most authentic Thai, but I enjoy it. You can even buy their house salad dressing by the bottle to take home.
4	It is so dangerous that this place is less than a 5 minute drive from our house.  I also believe we fall into the delivery radius.We finally tried Thai Basil out on the recommendation of my brow aesthetician and we are so glad we did.We ordered the green curry and siamese fried rice and it is delicious.  I am so pumped to try more of their curries.  The fried rice is nice and fluffy and satay chicken with sauce is super yummy.  We can't wait to order from here again.
4	I ate here twice during our one week visit to the area.  On the first visit, my experience was very good.  The curry tasted good, and the included salad was a welcome surprise.  The prices for lunch combos are reasonable, but skip the appetizer.  I cost more than the meal, and was not a good value.During our second visit, we had a different server.  No water, silverware, or pepper sauce.  They just seemed bothered that we were there.  The Pad Thai was good though, and I didn't fall for the appetizer trap, so it was ok.
3	Went for lunch one day with a co-worker.  It was pretty busy but we were still seated quickly.  You get a salad with your meal, which I did enjoy.  I ordered the pad thai.  It was a little too sweet for my taste.
5	Thai Basil is the best Thai food in Arizona that I have found so far. I have traveled all over the world and there was only one place that I feel is better. If anyone knows of a better Thai restaurant, please let me know and I will try it out. I really love Thai food. My favorite dish here is the Kang Dang, but I ask for extra juice and I put a little sweetner in it and mix it up. It really brings out the coconut flavor in it. Try it and tell me what you think! Also, the salad dressing is wonderful before your meal. I have gone to their locations in Chandler and this location and the food is the exact same and service is great too!
4	Still awesome. The wonton soup is fantastic when you feel under the weather.  Strong broth with veggies and tasty wontons. :)
4	It wasn't remarkably fabulous but the food was good and the place was packed.  I'd return.
3	Great food, but awful service.
4	This was very delicious food and gracious service.  It was a nice respite in a busy workday to connect with a work girlfriend and eat good food.  I had the ginger chicken with medium spice.  It was super flavorful and done perfectly.  My work friend had a noodle dish that looked amazing.  We were both too busy stuffing our faces to try each other's food.  Good value both to the pocketbook and the waistline.
3	The food was tasty and service was good. I didn't have any negative reactions to the food either (like I sometimes get with low quality Chinese food). The problem was that I was hungry like 45 minutes later, and my comrades that ate with me weren't full from their meals alone. The portion sizes are too small for lunch.
4	In the past, I avoided this place because it is located in a strip mall.  So how good can it be?  I should have listened to my mom when she told me not to judge a book by its cover.  I've now been here three times with coworkers and each time the food has been tasty and hot (temperature). The staff are friendly and even though it's a small place, we've never had a problem getting a table.  They use the space well.  The lunch portions are just the right size:  large enough to fill you up, but not so large that you need a nap afterwards.
3	The food is delicious, the service is terrible. The night I came was not that busy, but my table was treated like the table no one wanted to service. We had six guests, a good money making table for them, but I had to approach the server twice to get our drinks in. Once the orders were in, the orders all came out pretty messed up. My noodles were good, delicious, even, but the service turned me off. Especially since the same issues occurred at the Scottsdale location.Plus, the bills come with just a total, no itemization. The server handed me one, then handed me a larger bill and said she mistakenly gave me the wrong one. How was I to know she gave me the right bill that time?
1	Horrible! The rice is overcooked, and there is no flavor to their food.  I have tried this place three times-- never again! How can Thai food be so bland?
4	Green curry chicken....hope its good....be right back to tell you about it...Well....It was fantastic! We will definitely be coming back. The homemade salad dressing is so good we bought a bottle before we left.
5	Really great panang! This is one of the best place to eat lunch in the area.
5	The yellow chicken curry is absolutely delicious. The staff is friendly and service is quick. I love this place.
5	This is real Thai Food!  I am literally upset with myself right now for having seen this place for years and never stopping in...  What amazing Thai food and service.  I like spicy food a lot, and I asked them to make is extra spicy.  They did not just add peppers, they actually made it spicier with real ingredient that taste good.  The flavors were all separate and not blended together like many other Thai places I have gone too.  Best i have had!
5	Consistently good and fresh.  Great for lunch, although it is always crowded (because it is yummy).  Service is pretty fast and they cater to the business lunch crowd with their fast service.  Typically, we arrive and grab a seat inside or out, and someone comes by and drops off a small salad before we have a chance to exhale.  They charge a buck fifty for the brown rice, which I don't care because rice, and they will spice it up or down to your taste.  Signature Thai Basil dish is always a winner.   Tell em Candi sent you.
4	Yum!This restaurant is so simple and cute. The pad thai is fresh and delicious, though a little sweet for my personal taste. I suggest asking for a lime on the side to add a little tartness. The red curry is rich and flavorful. The signature Thai Basil dish is also really good - lots of beautiful vegetables and complex flavor.I highly recommend trying the combination appetizer. The fried sweet potatoes are so crispy and delicious. The spring rolls are a little greasy but really tasty. The fried tofu is very crisp and delicious - goes great with any of the sauces they include with the appetizer. The chicken satay is really moist, and the Thai toast is good, too.The portions are good and the prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back!
3	Yelp, I feel a little let down.  Solid 4-star reviews, and I was expecting a really great meal.  Not that Thai Basil is terrible, but there are better options in Phoenix.  The Tom Kha soup was good, and the drunken noodles were good, and the yellow curry were good, but just not *amazing*.  My recommendation for Thai in Phoenix is Yupha's Thai Kitchen instead.
5	Great service, great food.  Why can't I get Thai food this good in Palm Springs?  Fresh, tasty and authentic ingredients.
4	Had lunch here today with 7 other persons.  I had the signature dish which I ordered with chicken.  I told the waitress that I wanted it mild like a  #1 hotness.  The tossed salad was served first, small, mostly lettuce but tasty. It was at lunch time which is quite busy due to all the office building nearby.  I ordered before everyone got there since I had to leave early for a previous appointment.  About 10 minutes later the others in my party ordered.  I couldn't believe it when they started bring out plates for the ones who ordered after me.  It couldn't have taken longer to prepare since another person ordered the same a I and got thers before me.The food was good and just the right hint of spice.It is a very, very small restaurant.  There is an outdoor patio for eating when the weather finally cools down in a couple of months.Very reasonable lunch prices.  My bill with tax and tip was under $11.00
4	The food here is excellent - this is one of my go to restaurants for an inexpensive meal or takeout. The food is very fresh and flavorful. The service is quick and the servers are very friendly.5 stars for food 5 stars for service3 stars for ambience
3	I have driven by this place so many times and always say I am going to stop in...well, we finally did!  The food was quite good, but the service was definitely lacking.  They were more interested in talking to each other instead of serving customers.  The decor was standard and I didn't like that you could see the kitchen...since all they did was talk to each other instead of cook.
4	One of the best chicken panangs (coconut curry) out there.  I actually crave this dish when I don't have it for awhile.  I like to get there early to avoid the crowds.  Seating is a bit tight but if you get there early and it's nice out, the patio dining is really nice.  Also delicious is the pad thai.  My sons like to get it spicy.  I'm sure the rest of their food is wonderful but seriously have not gotten past the two mentioned above.  :D
4	Oct 16, 2013Green curry-lunch special with tofuComes with a small side salad, 1 slice of watermelon, 1 spring roll and hot and sweet sauce for spring roll4/5Don't really love the salad dressing though.Customer service-4/5Would definitely go again for lunch special.
4	Yummy Thai!Looking for dinner in the area, we would have this place had it not been for Yelp! and the positive reviews.  After locating it next to the Starbucks, we parked and piled in.  Service was fast and polite.  There's a good menu full of options that should cover every palate.  The patio setting on a nice night is not pretty.  But, you're there for the food/service and not the sights, right?The meal:1) Apps: Tom yum soup and chicken satay were tasty.  I'm not usually a fan of peanut sauces, but theirs rocked.  2) The salad and dressing also received compliments around the table. 3) Yellow Curry with chicken, Siamese Salad, Beef Thai Basil, and fried rice (for our little girl) all made our group happy.  Flavors are excellent, meats were tender and flavorful, and the portion sizes were perfect.We'll definitely visit this place, again.
5	F yeah!  This place rules.  Curry is amazing.  Even if you choose a meat they load it with vegetables.  Nice serving size.  The Thai Basil and Ginger are also good menu options.  Yum.  Lunch special is really well priced without compromising quality.  Love them.
4	I eat Thai 3 or 4 days a week.  I generally spend at least one of those days at Thai Basil.  It's a really great spot for a quick lunch because they are FAST.  There's a good selection of lunch special items.  All the food is fresh, hot, and tasty.  The appetizer salad that they serve has a dressing that makes my life worth living.
3	This place was eh. The plates of food very colorful and pretty but it was just blah. We got the Thai basil and the sweet and sour chicken. The Thai basil wasn't very juicy. But it was better than the sweet and sour which I didn't like at all. It was way too "chickeny." It wasn't breaded and not very sweet either. We also got soft drinks and they were just cans. Cans for $1.50...really? I definitely expected Better based off the reviews but it's definitely an overrated place. Thai Rama is a lot better.
3	I always get my order to go so it's ready in the box, but I found out to get it for here still because you get a delicious salad with it if you are dining in!I order the beef pad see ew and though it is not the best I have had, it is still good. I hear a lot of people ordered the chicken pad thai, so I will have to give that a try!
4	Came here for lunch during training at Interface, I was feeling sick so I just wanted a soup with tons of vegetables.They were friendly and fast.I asked for a recommendation and I ended up ordering some sort of bean noodles soup... with lots of vegetables.The only thing is that like mid lunch I realized the menu said the soup had mushroom and my bowl didn't have any. I got the attention of one of the servers and asked it about that.  He apologized an offered to get me some. I got a small bowl with mushrooms, when I put them in the bowl the soup was kind of cold for raw mushrooms, but my left over the next day were delicious : )Good place for lunch.
1	Ive been to the Tempe location, and its great, but this one overcharges, or there menus have the wrong price unless tax in phoenix went up at just this location by like 10%.I also got WAY WAY WAY overcharged for an appetizer, 5 cold crab puffs, and a bowl of wonton soup came out to $20 for lunch. I am never going back to this location, if I ever go back. They honestly lost a regular customer.And the salad you get is overdressed and it looks like they do not rinse their veggies.
4	Simple and delicious Thai food. Keep in mind that unless you say otherwise they will make it spicy to their preference.
4	I was looking for a Thai place close to me and was pleasantly surprised that Thai Basil is literally within walking distance. I ordered the pad Thai and spring rolls to go. The sauce they give you for your salad is so good (comes with the spring rolls.) I loved everything. The pad Thai could have used a little more sauce but overall this place is fantastic. Won't be my last time here.
2	Another run-of-the mill Americanized Thai restaurant that seems to be the norm around AZ.  Rubbery meats, American broccoli, boring carrots and zucchini. No spice factor, few herbs and fish sauces, no authentic dishes, or dishes done authentically. Where's the roasted duck red curry, larb salads, Asian/Thai vegetables, whole-fried fish, papaya salad with blue crab? Oh, I forgot I'm in Central Phoenix. Geeze, I'm such a food snob. If ya'll think this is good, your mouth will MELT when you get the real stuff.  On the plus side, it's a nice, small restaurant and was very busy at lunch. To-go orders don't get the house salad they serve but you do get a little eggroll wrapped in foil.My search for  true Phoenician Thai food with bold, complex flavors continues.  Any leads would be greatly appreciated.
4	The Thai Basil on Central is my favorite midtown Thai restaurant.  Super fast service and friendly staff are just the start. The curry here is amazing, though my husband and I agree they are usually skimp on some of the ingredients like potatoes.  I usually can't get my curry as spicy as I ask for (either I'm becoming desensitized or "Thai Hot" doesn't mean hot at all here) but that's really the end of my complaints.  If you want a fast, hot meal that's flavorful, Thai Basil is your joint.
4	Good green curry and coconut soup.
3	Came here for dinner. I had their special Basil w chicken and vegetables. It was good but not amazing. We also got the shrimp spring rolls. These were very good. I got my husband the drunken noodles and he did not like it at all. I don't want to judge off of one experience so I'll go back and try different items on the menu. I'm hoping other items will b better because I love Thai food.
3	not the best thai i've ever had, but it got the job done; maybe i ordered the wrong dish. i went for lunch and had the pad see ew, which came with soup and a spring roll.  portions and prices were decent. if i were to visit phoenix again, would i come back? meh.
4	We stayed at the Hampton Inn nearby and went wandering for lunch.  Stumbled upon this little place and ordered the pad se yu lunch special to go.  It came out pretty fast and was piping hot!  It seemed like your basic standard Americanized Thai food and was pretty good!  The lunch portion was huge!  I was only able to eat half so I saved the other half for another day.  Also, this place was immaculate and the staff was very friendly while we ordered and waited for our order.
1	The food is so so with poor service. This place is dirty. The wonton soup we ordered taste like soup from the can. I had terrible diarrhea when I got home. We don't recommend this place unless you are willing to take the risk of having possible E.coli infection. Our family and friends were disappointed. This is one of the place in our blacklist. :(
4	I've been here twice for lunch. Lunch special includes salad, egg roll and entree all for around $10. The place gets really crowded around lunchtime, but turnover moves quickly. They are lacking on customer service. I asked for extra napkins twice which never came. It feels like they are rushing you out to make room for the next person. The service doesn't feel personal. Overall, good bang for your buck.
3	The Hampton Inn front desk person told me to walk toward the back of the hotel, there would be several restaurants. I chose this restaurant and sat outside for the weather was very pleasant. The place was not very busy from the seatings outside but the waitress did not come until 5 minutes later. I ordered the papaya salad and it was not as expected for I have frequent numerous Thai restaurants so I know. There was some papaya lying on a bed of chopped up lettuce with a few peanuts and two shrimps. I guess shrimps are scared here. I missed my dried shrimps on my papaya though. The sauce was fine but not hot as I requested. The portion was alright but I was still hungry and ordered the calamari. The second dish came out pretty quickly and it was good. After the meal, I asked for my bill and again I had to wait.Overall, this is not a bad Thai restaurant and the food was not bad. I had better! The service was slow.
1	Ordered the red curry with chicken. Tasted good until I found a roach in it. I will not ever eat there again. Disgusting.
4	I got a take out order of Thai basil chicken when I was staying for a night at a hotel nearby.  The food was excellent.
5	Love this restaurant.  Great curries, lovely salad dressing,  noodle dishes are wonderful.  Great service.  Very friendly.
5	Came in for lunch with the wife. I'm not one to try something new and we saw it passing by. I was surprised how good the food is (pad Thai with beef). I will return again next time I'm in the area.
1	I have been at this Thai Basil more than a couple of times, but today will be the last time. I was seated on the far right table close to the kitchen by the wall. I was enjoying the peanut curry with Thai tea. As I was finishing up my meal, I had a weird feeling and looked at the wall to my right to see a disgusting roach I quickly moved over and looked up to the wall behind me to find 2 other small roaches.... I almost puked! PLEASE if you care for your health DO NOT HEAT HERE.
2	Some coworkers and I went there for lunch on a Friday. It wasn't super busy. They sat us outside on the patio. When taking our orders, we were rushed and not able to get a drink order in. The signature Thai Basil dish was amazing! However, the service was terrible. We had to walk inside several times to get our server's attention. He rolled his eyes at our simple requests (which would have added more revenue for him) several times and sent another server outside to help us. The attitude from our waiter was too much. Never again.
5	Thai Basil on Central is one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever eaten at. I've made this a regular place to go to. Their food is amazing, especially their silver noodles and spring rolls! They have great service, and you can order to-go orders which are prepared quickly and just as good as if you were eating it at the restaurant. They are located in a great area with a lot of parking.
3	Food was pretty quick and delicious! Mango sticky rice was divine. Although the thai hot wasn't very spicy.
3	The people are really nice abd the food is pretty good, but i think it was to expensive
4	Pad Thai was yummy as always, and it came with salad and a spring roll for lunch. I liked the dressing, wonder what it's made of. Initial service was prompt, and they brought the check out early, but it took them a while to pick up our credit cards. From the map it looks like you can get here from 3rd Ave but the shopping area is right off Central Ave.
