5	My favorite gym! Great trainers!  Lots of fun every day! Lost 30 lbs!
5	What a great group. I met a group from Back Alley while they were on vacation here in California. What an stellar group. They brought good energy with them and big smiles. And my favorite was how family oriented they are. I can't wait to visit them at their box. You guys are welcome in Cali anytime!
5	Back Alley Crossfit is changing my life. I decided to see what the fitness fuss was about CrossFit two months ago by dropping by their Saturday 9am class. From the first drop of sweat, I was totally hooked. Where else can a motivated 30-something finally get her baby fat off and start rebuilding her vitality with a fantastic community of support, laughter, and personal coaching?About Back Alley (a member perspective): The coaches and members are dedicated and motivating - without being uptight or judgmental. So, throw away the 'I don't want to work out with a bunch of meatheads' excuse. You can just show up to the workouts, or you can take CrossFit much further, if you want. I never feel pressured to try new stuff, but I always feel supported when I'm ready to go to the next level.   Members from all walks of life are at every workout, and every one of them is sweating so hard that they can't spare the energy to stare at your fat rolls, even in the unlikely event that they cared about that. So, you can't use the 'I'm too self-conscious/old/flabby' excuse. The atmosphere is casual and fun, but with that critical element of friendly competition to keep you from slacking off too much. Have problems with accountability? I do. This gym makes me want to go back every time. They are family-friendly, and the kiddos have their very own space so they stay safe and aren't distracting. So, throw the 'I can't find/pay for a sitter' excuse out the window. Don't have time? They do! They have both morning and evening classes. This is one of the biggest reasons I can make 3-4 classes a week here, because my schedule changes a lot (and let's face it, if I can fit the workout in at 6:30pm rather than the 5:30am class, I'm soooo sleeping in!)People always talk about 'drinking the CrossFit kool-aid.' I don't feel like I'm obligated to do anything here. I LOVE doing the workouts, so I go back again and again because it is a great match for me and the way I want to get fit. So, don't worry if it's not for you - but you can't use that excuse until you try it at least three times, in my honest opinion.  :-)No, they did not bribe me to write this. I really, totally dig Back Alley and everyone deserves to know how freaking fantastic they are. Hope to see you there soon!
5	I have been going to this crossfit gym for a little over 3 months now and it has been nothing but great! All the trainers are extremely helpful and encouraging! They also offer a ton of different class times which works great for my schedule....all in all great place to get a good workout!
5	This place is amazing. Great trainers and an awesome community feel. I can't imagine working out anywhere else!!
5	Great crossfit location. Welcoming community, motivating trainers. Well done!If your looking to get in shape and for a good workout, this is your place.
