5	There isn't anything harder to do that take great pictures of your pet. I know....the minute the camera comes out, you'd think I was aiming a gun at my little cutie.   Professional Pet Photographers are and absolute must for those Purrrrfect pet pics and Cow Dreamz Photography is who you need to call.I'm not sure how many pictures of cows Michelle Brodsky at Cow Dreamz takes, but her dog and cat pics really rock.We met Michelle and her camera at a recent Yappy Hour at the Salty Seniorita in North Scottsdale.Not only can I vouch for her professionalism...but Michelle is a good corporate neighbor.  When I needed some silent auction items for the SW Center for HIV-AIDS and the Phoenix Metropolitan Men's Chorus fundraising events she was more than willing to help us out with a pet photography session for both organizations.Cow Dreamz Photography should be the photographer you call when you want to capture the love of your life on film.
5	I have many pictures of my four legged kids, most not very good as I can never get them to sit still long enough to capture the 'who' it is that they are.  Christmas of last year, I decided I needed professional assistance and contacted Michelle Pelberg of Cow Dreamz  Photography, (602) 510-1929.  Michelle will meet prospective clients in most any setting as it is her mission to photograph pets relaxed and in their element.  We decided on a local park and met in the afternoon.  Like all great photographers, Michelle snapped away, remaining inconspicuous as my dogs enjoyed a winter day in the great out doors.I will utilize Michelle in any future pet photography project and happily endorse her services to all interested parties.  She has a knack for capturing the essence of our beloved four legged kids.
5	I have four gorgeous mutts---all shapes and sizes!  Michelle absolutely captured each of them invidually, as well as all of us together!  I had been wanting to have pics with my girls taken for years and finally did it!!!  Michelle came to the house and did an amazing job!  We actually took a picture in the bathtub and she made it look like we were all in a sleigh!  EVERYONE I have showed them to absolutely adore them!  I plan to use Cow Dreamz in the future --not sure where or when, but I will!  These pictures made many people happy! (not to mention...ME!!)  Thanks Michelle for a great experience - - for my furry babies and their Mommy too!
5	Michelle was wonderful!  She captured images of our cat that we never could on our own.  The photos are awesome - we cannot stop looking at them.  I would highly recommend using Michelle. She was professional, relaxed and exceptionally prompt.   We were able to view the photos two days after the shoot.   Our photo session was a gift from our daughter.  This is a great gift that someone can enjoy forever!
5	I was looking for more artistic pictures of our 4 "kids" than what we could do on our own or what is typically offered and found Cow Dreamz on Yelp and then viewed the website.    I am very pleased with the entire experience of working with Michelle!  I provided her links to examples of what I was looking for and she came to our house and took the time to experiment with a variety of locations, shots and ideas.  I absolutely love the pictures and will definitely work with Cow Dreamz in the future!
