1	Craptastic. I'm not sure why these people are paid."Oh, I didn't get that message." Really? Well, if someone had answered your phone when I called any of the last three days at 11am, 1pm, and 3pm respectively, then you wouldn't have had to rely on obviously poor technology to deliver messages to you, would you? I don't mean to be super critical here... I'm just sayin.So, I sat in the office with big mama the owner one afternoon, discussing an issue I was having. The office phone was ringing off the hook. The receptionist was out, apparently with middle mama gathering lunch. Another lady was in the office and asked, "Hey, do you want me to get that?" To my complete horror, big mama replied, exasperated, as if answering the question was all she could possibly do, "No... *deep sigh*... it'll just be an owner... or a tenant... calling to report a problem... and I... *another deep sigh*... I just don't want to deal with it." Dismissing it all with a shake of her head, she turns back to me, a tenant.I guess I can't _really_ fault her -- she _was_ doing her job by interacting with me after all. Maybe I am being too harsh. But yanno, you own a property management company. Isn't it your job to manage the properties? I mean, is this thing on?They don't take calls. They don't return messages left. They apparently are unabashed about this behavior. The only way to interact reliably with them is to go in to their office. If they have to contact you, they will leave it until the absolute last possible second. They treat both owners and tenants this way, it apparently doesn't matter. They have a contract after all.The result, at least for me, has been delays getting anything done. They stand in the way of communication between the owner and me more than anything else. They facilitate nothing. They provide nothing. As best as I can tell, all they do is take.Zero stars? Not for nothin, I'd pay Yelp 5$ to let me subtract five stars from this useless company's rating.
1	I had fortune properties manage my house in Vages for 2 years now since 2006. The first year they did ok. However for most of last year, 2008 they just don't seem to follow-up or even answer thier office phones, cell-phones and e-mails in a timely manner. We lost the renter we had for 2 years and after 2 months of the renter moving out, the only application they got for us was for a person with a foreclosure and bankruptcy and they were pushing us to rent to that applicant. Needless to say we terminanted our contract with them in October. The lied about having the walk-out inspection photos taken in October. When they finally e-mailed the photos in December, they were all time-stamped Dec.2.2008.They deducted a $250 landlord's maintainence "pad" from one of our rent-checks from the tenant and even after 4 months of terminating the contract and even after 7 phone and 5 e-mail reminders we haven't received our maintainence deposit back.  After moving to another company we got a good renter in 72 hours. I am so glad to have terminated our contract with Fortune Properties. Just wished we could have done it sooner.
