4	Played putt putt a couple of times whilst visiting my grandmother in law who lives in Rio Verde.Great putt putt course, but that 18th hole.... arrrggghhhh. Facilities are great and next time we are going to actually play a couple of rounds of golf.
4	Tough to rank this place...   it is a retirement community first off.   The club house is awesome.   Pool is salt water and heated.   Courses are nice, little bit of a challenge but basically flat.   The putt putt course is very challenging and really cool.    I'm not impressed at all with the club food and suggest staying away from the roast beef.   It seemed fake.
1	Played there a couple of days ago. Not impressed to say the least. Facility is in fantastic shape for oversseding this time of year. (mid october) We showed up at 6 am for our 640 tee time. (that's plenty to get warmed up, get a cup of coffee, and use the bathroom before teeing off.) Clubhouse was empty. Ya know that xmas story when they say... "Nothing was stirring, not even a mouse?" Yea, that's what it felt like. Finally, after siiting around for 30 mins, the pro shop opens. We pay for our rounds, and get 10 mins to hit some balls. *10 mins later*We get to the tee box, no starter. Even the groundskeepers were running behind. Not a big deal, the guys were cool. With my limited spanish I was talking to one gentleman, and he was talking about how one course is down, and its a lot of work for them at the moment. I get it. They're busy, it's my day off, no big deal. The pace of play was slow, because each tee box we got to were being groomed, the tee boxes were on the side of the tee box, so we had to slow down a bit. Whos fault was that? Ours, of course. Golf course was in great shape, the views are amazing (I like Sun Ridge Canyon more, personally.)*4 hours later*Get done with the round, go inside for some food. Order drinks... 1 coke, an arnold palmer, a lemonade and a water. Server got 2 of 4 wrong. awesome! We order food, and the server says "Would you like to take care of that with a credit card or membership?" Well, in the REAL world, we wait till after our food arrives to usually pay... if you want a good tip anyways. Maybe I am in a different country it's otherwise... I answer I'll take care of it with cash. Here's his god to honest answer."We do not accept cash."What?Last time I checked, this is America, and it's safe to accept legal tender issued by the Federal Reserve, buddy.Get the food, fries were the best part. Get the check and the 20% is automatically added. Wow. We had a party of 3... not 8 or 10, 3.... Three. no wonder there was bad service.TL-DR?The service all around needs to be stepped up if. It's too far to be treated that way. But then again, if memberships is all they want, maybe they've found their niche. Old people all around, a nd a lot of people who don't care. Nice business plan, guys!I'll pass next time.
3	Played the Peaks course and the greens were rock hard so nothing held, not even little chips. I didn't mind the layout so much but make sure you get a map of the course from the pro shop if this is your first time around because there is a lot of blind shots. This course is targety and has many split fairways that end in desert. The greens putted really nicely, very fast and smooth. I wasn't super impressed with the starter who questioned me about my HCP like I was being interrogated by the police. I guess he was concerned I wasn't a low enough handicapper to play off the blue or black tees which is silly because the course isn't tough from any tee. He also told us to speed up because we had a hole and a half ahead of us but when  we teed off we never saw a group ahead of us and people weren't waiting behind us so he did the typical ranger power trip and ended up disturbing myself and my group by making us speed up when we didn't need to.Make extra time to play the putting course out front, 18 holes and very fun.I payed $30 for a cart, round and all the practice I want, not a bad deal for this time of year I guess if you like a drive out in the middle of no mans land.
4	During this time of year, as one would expect, golfing in Arizona can become a very expensive habit.   While it may be considered a weak sister to its relative down the road, Vista Verde, the Ranch track at Tonto Verde is a great golf course for a great price.   I would imagine Tonto Verde's other offering, the Peaks course, is just as good albeit a bit pricier.  The Ranch was in excellent shape and has matured nicely from the overseed in October.   The course is very straightforward; in fact, I cannot recall a single blind shot.  Fairways were lush and the tee boxes were impeccable.  The greens were in excellent shape and rolled fast but true.  As others have noted, the fairways are wide and very forgiving for the higher handicap golfer.  But don't be fooled:  Strategically placed bunkers can and will wreak havoc on errant shots.  At 7,000 yards from the tips, the course offers a wide variety of long and short par 4s and par 3s and plays for the most part as target golf. The service at Tonto Verde was very personable and attentive.  As with most resort courses, the staff does all the work, from placing your bag in the desired cart to cleaning up your clubs after the round. The clubhouse is very nice and the locker rooms are well kept and clean.  Rangers do show up from time to time to chart the pace of play. Verdict:  Go and play the Ranch course at Tonto Verde.
4	I love playing both courses at Tonto Verde any chance I get. The course is always in good shape and I've never had a complaint about the experience in the handful of times I've had the opportunity to play it! If you have time it's always fun to play the putting course as well.
3	We come up here a couple times a year and it's always been very peaceful and serene. The area, course and clubhouse are nice. The only drawback are the retirees on golf carts speeding in front of your car as you drive in. LOL  A number of times as I approach that stop sign on Rio Tonto/ Dynamite, I've nearly hit someone. Not LOLAs others have noted in their reviews, Tonto Verde and I guess Rio Verde operate on their own schedules. Things are more relaxed and laid back here.  The courses are well maintained and I have never heard of anyone being rushed.
5	Fantastic course, club, facilities, pro shop, and overall environment. I play the Ranch Course and it was a blast. Challenging, but still playable by the amateur golfer. Very scenic and the bunkers were pristine. A must play if in the area.
5	I played golf on the Tonto Verde Peaks Course Saturday (they have two courses) what a beautiful setting and the course was in perfect condition.  Even though the parking lot and pro shop were busy when we arrived we started on time and finished our round in  four hours.  The clubhouse is outstanding and we stopped for a drink in the lounge after our game, great service and everyone was so friendly we felt like members.  If you want a real Arizona golf experience I would recommend Tonto Verde!
5	Tonto VerdeWhat a special place! Two great golf courses,great place for dinner afterwords! Service is outstanding,golf and dinner. As soon as you arrive you are treated like royalty,from the bag drop,to golf shop ck in,to the range and on to the starting tee! Everyone makes you feel special and welcome. All the amenities you would expect from a 5 star resort!After golf,have lunch,or dinner with entities you would expect in downtown Scottsdale     We will definitely return again. Great mountain views everywhereTry it,you'll love it.               Ron
