5	Finally took a friend's advice and gave Rosati's a try. At this location there no dine in available and it's the first thing you notice. Has a very empty feel to it so i started second guessing my decision to eat here. Ordered a Diced Grilled Chicken and Bacon Calzone and was told it'll take 15 minutes, it sure did 15 minutes so i knew it was gonna be fresh.When i opened the box to look at it i was shocked at what lay waiting for me...This huge half moon shaped golden brown dough thing with baked cheese and spices on the top, a NICELY sized portion of red sauce for dipping and eating instruments. the smell was amazing as wellTook this bad boy home and took a test bite of the crust which was hand made by it's random patterns. Wow that crust was good, crispy on the outside light and chewy inside.The chicken tasted like chicken not packed chicken corpse wrapped in plastic and thrown in so many freezers over the years, very generous amounts of bacon in coarse chunks, and lots of cheese.The basic red sauce was THE BEST, chunky and very flavorful. Nice hunks of tomato and onion gives it.Overall this is the BEST calzone i've ever had.Will update when i go back for a pizza or an italian beef sandwich
3	I went here this past Thursday, April 29th with my boyfriend because I have been craaaving chicago style, DEEP DiSH pizza. Right off the bat, I'm letting you know that this 3 star rating will change soon enough :P Long story short, my bf did NOT specify that we wanted deep dish & we ended up getting a thin crust pepperoni pizza & 12 mild chicken wings.I was very disappointed because I've been wanting a fresh, deep dish pizza & on the way home I was already thinking this pizza was not going to be as good as I'd like it to be. The 16 inch pizza was sliced into squares, which was fine & the pepperoni looked like it was barely there because it was covered with cheese :) The pizza was really a THiN crust & it wasn't hard/crunchy or burnt. The mild chicken wings were perfect! The sauce had just enough "mildness" & the wings had some extra sauce in the container that I would use for some of my pizza ;) fatty, I know.I will be back to try your deep dish & you will eventually earn my stars!! Even though it was our fault we didn't specify the deep dish pizza :( haha
2	We went here because we have a buy 1 get one pizza free from the Entertainment book.  They informed us we could not use the coupon, even though it said their address on it.  We went ahead and ordered there. We got a large sausage and pepperoni pizza. First impression was the large was small. It was thin crust, which was not too bad. They do not put very much sauce on the pizza and I love sauce so I was disappointed.  Also, each square of pizza had 1 piece of pepperoni and 1 ball of sausage. I prefer my sausage in little ground up pieces and these were the size of mini meatballs, so I ended up taking off the sausage. I probably wouldn't go here again especially since 1 pizza was over 20 bucks.
