4	A spot that the south Charlotte/Matthews area sorely needed. Carolina Beer Temple is just the place for folks looking for a bottle shop or bar to belly up to. With craft beer six-pack bottles galore, a thoughtfully curated draught list, and several chilled offerings for one-off enjoyment, Carolina Beer Temple strikes the perfect chord for the Matthews contingent. I wouldn't be surprised to see this become a popular location for events or just an after work beer. The night I visited, they were donating all gratuity to Relay for Life. Seriously?!? They haven't been open very long at all and are already giving back to the community. I can stand behind a place like this.I look forward to returning the next time I'm in the area.
4	Wow, there's a lot of beers here. Most of which I've never heard of but that's ok, gives me more reasons to go back & try new ones. Stopped in this newly opened local establishment in Matthews the other day and was impressed. There's a nice bar area along w/ a few tables & other seats as well as a nice choice of craft beers from North Carolina & beyond. I partook in a Triple C's Smoked Amber on draft while I checked out the beer selections. Took home a Port City Porter (7.2%) six pack, a little pricey, but tasty. Glad to see this place get opened up.
5	Not that I'm an avid Matthews goer, but.....FINALLY! A place to score some local draught (and select bottles) of local/craft beer in the area. Bottle shops seem to be popping up around Crown Town as of late and I say the more the merrier. Spreading the love of a good brewskie is just what the doctor ordered.....for everywhere. Glad to see Carolina Beer Temple on the scene and doing things rather well. The interior is rather cozy. Plenty of cushy seats, giant stools for the bar, "temple-y" decor, and some of the cleanest shelving/stocking I've seen to date. Move aside, Total Wine. I love the giant throne that they have along the far wall. Makes me feel like a king or something. The owners are cool dudes with an equally cool and dude-ish story. Get to know them. They're great to chat with. Local draughts abound -- Four Friends, NoDa, Birdsong, OMB, etc. Hopefully some Free Range and Ass Clown beers will make their way down their way, too. Excited to see these guys grow and keep the beer flowing for the Matthews area!
5	A bottle shop in Matthews! whoohoo! I am obviously very happy about that. No longer do the fine people of Matthews and Union County have to make the trek to the other side of Charlotte to go to a fine local bottle shop. It is definitely filling the void we have had in this area since the closing of Total Wine.The location itself is in downtown Matthews, In Matthews Station across from Beantown Tavern. There is patio seating outside. I would describe the inside as being open, comfortable, simple, and obviously clean. The atmosphere is as inviting as the owners are. The inside consists of a small bar with about a dozen beers on tap, a lounge area with couches, chairs, and a couple tables, and then racks filled with brews from all over the world. There is also a small refrigerator with cold brew available.There was a wide range of beers available on tap. Including local brews and specialty brews from around the world. I typically drink a lot of local beers, including Triple C and Noda, so I wanted to try some new brews. I was excited to see a couple of high gravity Belgium beers on tap and decided to try both. I was a very happy person needless to say. The owner told me that the taps will change on a regular basis. The bottle selection is vast. So if you can not find something to drink there or buy and bring home then you probably don't really like beer...They do not serve food, but while I was there, the crepery next door delivered some tasty looking crepes to some other patronages. There is also a Thai restaurant and a subway next door. So I am not sure if it is okay to bring in food or not but it did not seem to be frowned upon by the owners.
5	Matthews scored big with the opening of the Carolina Beer Temple! I do not know much about beer, besides that I like it, and I am willing to try different kinds, and Carolina Beer Temple is perfect for that! They have a very wide selection of local craft beers, and beers from around the world. If you are like me, and are unsure of beer terminology, just have a seat at the bar and the owners will be happy to explain the different beers to you and let you try them out. This beer heaven is nestled in historic downtown Matthews. It has a relaxed atmosphere, great for meeting up after work. Just come by, grab a chilled beer, and hang out on the patio. Feeling like royalty? Skip the patio and have a seat in the throne they have on the far wall. Hungry but in the middle of trying a really cool beer? Call one of the restaurants nearby and they will deliver the food (or you can pick up and come back with it to enjoy more beer).The variety of beers they have will keep you coming back to try something new! So excited to have Carolina Beer Temple in Matthews...just want Matthews needed!
5	When did Matthews get so cool? Where was all this when I lived walking distance?I love The Black Chicken, but now that there is a crepe place and this amazing bottle shop next door, I could spend an entire day here without walking more than 15 feet.I heard of these guys from my friends at The Chicken and followed their development on Facebook until they opened the doors. The owners actually recognized me and knew my name on my first visit! With a focus on local beers (NC/SC), there is plenty of space at the marble bar and lots of sofas and large tables to enjoy your drafts. Speaking of, they have a lot of taps going with a nice variety. Lots of local and Belgian beers (the genres I gravitate towards...I think they opened just for me). They are getting some cool stuff in, too, like a recent small-batch collaboration between NoDa and Mother Earth. Talk about awesome!Then there is the retail area, with shelf after shelf of delicious bottled suds, again with a local focus. The staff are incredibly knowledgeable and just as friendly, and will gladly talk beer and point out a few for you to try.Needless to say, I'm a bit of a fan. With this trio of goodness on the same side of the street, it is worth the drive back to Matthews for some good food and drinks!
5	Matthews finally has beer!  Well, not really-i'm sure you could find a beer somewhere in Matthews, but the Carolina Beer Temple makes a cool place to hang, try some local brews, and have an altogether great time if you are a beer connoisseur.Located right off Main Street in the same block where the town hall/library and other shops are, the place is a great addition to the shops around downtown Matthews.  There were a couple of outdoor tables with umbrellas which will be perfect for hot summer nights, but when I visited the weather was not quite cooperating (rain).  It gave a us a chance to hang out inside though.  You can sit at some high tops, lounge on the couch, or sit at the bar, but you still get a nice relaxing atmosphere in order to taste some pretty kick ass brews.I'm not sure how many they have on tap, but the menu is a good selection.  The back half of the store has shelves and racks of growlers, 20oz bottles, and six packs of beer.  So come in, enjoy something off the tap, or come get your beer to enjoy from your home.Rob the bar tender was super friendly and made an effort to learn your name.  He checked us out via iPad and my receipt was emailed to me (horray for saving some trees!).
5	A friendly place to have a nice beer in Matthews. A great place to find a hard to find beer in town.
5	The owner is super friendly and knowledgable when it comes to craft beer.  My husband and I have been in a few times and they have had a new draft selection each time.  Great variety and friendly atmosphere!  Awesome spot if you are looking for a chill place and a cold beer!
4	Great beer selection!
5	Just moved to Matthews & sooo glad that Carolina Beer Temple is right down the street!  The store variety is great & I love that they have tap takeovers to change out what's on tap frequently.  Great idea & will be visiting often!!
5	What can I say? Ultimately hands down one of the best bottle shops I have ever visited. The owners are awesome and knowledgeable of all things Craft Beer. 16 taps of local as well as imported suds. Rob always seems to have a good imported Belgium on tap at all times. So happy to have this place near us. Please give them a try. I guarantee you will be satisfied.
4	Seriously, if you live in the area and you have a disposition for good beer, you MUST try this place out.  No food there, but there are food choices around.  Mindful of that, just come in, grab a pint and then do a little craft beer shopping to your hearts content.  I made my first stop in last week and was pretty impressed by the rareity of some of the beers and the bountiful selection of some of the more decent ones.  The service was more than happy to help pick out something to try and the atmosphere in general was very relaxed and nothing like say, a Total Wine kind of experience.  They have bar seating if you like as well as some high top tables and also some lounge chairs to help kick back and take it all in.  This place is nice.
5	Friendly relaxed atmosphere. Beer selection is very good. Large local and international selection. We ordered Crepes from next door and had them delivered while we relaxed over beer and cider.
5	A great place to grab some good beer and sit and enjoy them there. Friendly staff. Great selection.
4	My husband and I were invited here by some friends to unwind the day after Thanksgiving.  It's about a 30 min drive from our place but we are always game to try a new place.My husband doesn't drink beer but he found a delicious root beer in the cooler that he was pleased with.I selected a seasonal IPA from the menu and then went back to the cooler and picked out a green apple lambic that hit the spot! They let you, and encourage you, to phone in food orders from anywhere you want. Our friends ordered pizza to be delivered and we got Thai Taste from around the corner. Go check it out! Pretty cozy and there is a TV there, too, which probably has a game on most nights.
5	I always recommend this place to people I meet that enjoy craft beer. The selection is ever changing and the employees are friendly and helpful when it comes to picking one of the 16 fine brews on tap. The Temple is a great place to bring your laptop, read a book, watch a game or catch up with an old friend. Outside food is encouraged and there are many fine restaurants in the vicinity that you can call in and pick up. If you don't have time to stay for a beer they have a very large take home inventory. The Carolina Beer Temple is one of my favorite Matthews businesses.
5	Love this place. I order a crape next door and get it delivered here. A major hot spot for craft beer lovers. You miss this then shame on you.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, fantastic beer selection; both on tap and off. One of my favorite hang outs :-)
5	Easily one of the best beer haunts in the Charlotte area...The 16 taps are curated really well, showcasing mostly local beers and styles that you won't find on draft very often (sour beer, anyone...)The staff is very friendly and cheerfully pours 8, 12, or 16 ounce pours, so you don't have to commit to a big glass of something unusual.Indoor and outdoor seating finish off the experience...
4	Decent little tap and bottleshop. When I was in there they had some nice Belgium's on tap. The prices were a little high, but I know they run specials often. One thing I don't like is they charge a corking fee if you buy from their cooler and want to drink it there. That makes sense if you were bringing in your own beer, but to buy from them and for them to charge you to pop the top seems a little short sighted on their part.  I haven't seen this at the other places around Charlotte (Good Bottle, Harris Teeter, etc...).  All and all, if they got rid of this petty fee I would have rated it higher.
4	Nice little place for an afternoon glass of beer. They have some really nice glasses to drink beer out of, makes the experience better. Over friendly wait staff. They may have been the owners. Next time I would sit out on the patio. Looked so cozy out there.
5	Just moved to the area and came across Carolina beer temple and absolutely loved it. I am a New Yorker and this place was amazing. The owner rob was great and the atmosphere was perfect. I will definitely become a "regular" here. I love good beer and love that his taps change so often! A+ in my book and I love my beer!! It's a must visit.
5	A better name would be beer heaven as I don't think there is a place with as great of a beer selection as this place. There is literally something for everyone, every mood and every season. I think the only downfall is they close fairly early but the manager didn't rush anyone out at closing.I do not live near Matthews or I'd be a regular but I can't wait to go back.
5	This is a nice bottle shop in Matthews NC - they have several beers on tap a limited food menu, and the option to order in food from other nearby restaurants.  They had a lot of great bottled beer available to drink on premise or to go.I try to stop in and stock up my sisters refrigerator each time I visit her in NC, so I can enjoy a few good beers while I at her place.
3	Someone should have mentioned that this bottle shop thing was going to catch on - it's like they are everywhere. Though others (Good Bottle) are fancier or larger, but perhaps not as fancy (Bulldog), the beer temple can hold its own, because they have crammed nearly every available surface with shelving to hold all sorts of bottles for your perusing pleasure.Though it's probably not a reason to go, the best thing about the place is that you can order crepes (or other food) from nearby and have it delivered so you can both eat and drink right there. Sweet.
5	Yes! Highly recommend this place for anyone who loves craft beer, or just looking to try crest beers. It's like a coffee shop hangout, but for beer!!. The nearby restaurants will deliver food, and you can just relax and enjoy yourself.
4	Great shop and great selection.  Awesome tap list of local beers and  regional brews + Belgian and European beers.  Not a bad place to hang for a bit in Matthews.  Wish they would ditch the drop ceiling and harsh lights.
5	Great selection and always able to have a sample before you buy. Limited table space so come early!
5	Great little find for anyone who loves beer and even if you don't you can find something you'll like with the awesome selection. Nice tap list, refrigerated selection for small tap fee and many, many other bottles.  Very small food menu but they are completely ok with you bring food in and even provide menus from many of the other restaurants from right around the Temple. Friendly/very knowledgeable staff, so if you need help picking something out, just ask
4	Great selection of beers to go, and an ever changing selection of beers on tap! Hey, for a local yokel place they are doing a great job. When I head out for a beer I just tell everyone I am going to church.
