4	And little box by the river serving delicious lobster rolls in the summer at a reasonable price.  Also does lobster pizza and a surprisingly good clan chowder.  Lobster was fresh and you are given a good sized portion of it.
3	Nice location, on the water, in a cool little box. Lobster is good but not out of this world or anything. The sandwich you get for $10 is tiny (understandably so, lobster is not cheap). Worth a trip for a snack but don't go here if you're hungry looking for a meal because you will end up spending a lot.
4	I have to admit, their lobster rolls are pretty darn good and also their clam chowder. The lobster rolls are served on a grilled bun which makes it really crispy. One bite, and you are in lobster heaven. Maybe I'm hyping it up, and that could be because I don't eat much lobster. But anyhow, I enjoyed the food. Oh and warning to people who think chips is fries, it's actually just Vickie's chips, not made by Muvbox or anything. My only main complaint is the price.But then again, this place is in the Old Port so rent is probably quite expensive.
2	Ive heard about this place and seen it all over instagram... I was really excited to finally try it. When we got there I was really happy , the location is so nice right by the water and near the bota spa.. but honeslty for 11$ a lobster roll its really nothing special , they use a really cheap brand of bread. Also they could atleast butter the rolls or press them? And they sell bags of chips. I dont know about you but if your already serving homemade lobster rolls why dont you make your own fries? They have a wood oven to make pizzas and the couple beside me had it , it looked great. I guess I got a little disappointed because you kinda expect more than a bag of chips & cheap bread. By all means you dont want to serve homeade fries no problem but atleast be unique and make your own. The place really looks like a small box its really cool. It sucks when you have something going on with downgrading quality. I think the location really helps with the place.. otherwise good luck!
4	One of the fresh lobster role you can get in montreal. The place is located in the old port and hence the cool atmosphere. The roll is delicious and will definitely come again. The price may seem a bit higher $13.50 after tax. But I should say it is definitely worth it for the money.
4	Muvbox is a little restaurant inside a container located in old Montreal. It's such a fun concept and a great spot to grab a snack during your stroll in the old port.There are two Muvboxes in old port. One is Porchetta, the other is the lobster roll stand (or lobster box!).I've only tried their lobster roll so far and may go back for the other items on the menu.The lobster roll is a bit pricy at $13.75 after tax (one star off for that!). They are quite generous with the lobster as you can bite into chucks of fresh lobster meat. But the size is so small that I would need 2 to make it a worthy meal...The price value relationship definitely reminds me of the gourmet food trucks. :P
1	Lobster Roll implies it is served on a roll. Not a piece of white bread similar to Wonderbread. Respect the lobster. Respect yourself. Plus it is too pricey for what you're getting. Not into it.
