5	Took my car in with a large bolt in the tread of the tire had it fixed and ready even though they were busy in a little over an hour and didn't charge me anything, will def. go back if or when I need anything repaired on my car!
3	They are a tire shop, they always seem busy, but are usually able to get you in.Went here when my car had a flat, sidewall damage so it was unrepairable, they got me a new tire at a fair price (other places were cheaper, but I was in a hurry and they are close to my house.Probably won't be my go to tire guys, but they're there for any emergencies
1	Do not go to this garage. I went twice. The first time I took my car there to have the oil changed.  They tried to sell me $800 of repairs and parts which I did not need.The second time I took it in for a battery replacement. Again they tried to sell me unneeded repairs. On top of that, when I picked up the car the next morning, the gas tank was empty, and my trip odometer read 53 miles. Basically, they changed the battery and then went out joyriding in my 10 year old Mazda Protege. These guys are criminals.
1	PLEASE READ. If you care about your safety, your car, your rims and tires.This is my terrible experience with tire works replacing a simple tire.This "business" should be shut down and lawsuit filed against them. I took my car in to get new tires because my old ones were worn out. My old tires kept the tire pressure perfectly never had an issue with it. So I get this new tires and drove them for a little less than a mile and parked the car for 3 hours then when I drove home about 12 mile distance the tire went flat. It caused my rim to crack and get bent. The next morning I woke up I noticed that the tire was flat and I took it off. Since I am in school full time and working full time I didn't have time to take in my tires to get it checked till the following week. The sales guy checks my rim and said it's cracked and told me to leave. After talking about with a friend I decided to call them, they said that they will take a look at it and they will call me with a result. They never called and decided to "fix it". Before I took it to them I took it to hub cap Annie's and they told me that it's not safe to fix this rim due to the damage. I went to check on the rim and the manager said I had to pay $100.  Thru his whole explanation he basically stated that they will put a new tire on a broken rim just to make profit. He basically told me that I was stupid and didn't know what I was talking about. I been working on cars since I was 10 years old so trust me I know what I am talking about when it comes to cars. He tried telling me that the rim was previously cracked and I completely shut his point down when I told him that my old tires kept the air pressure since day one. Then he tried telling me that it was it went flat because the tire didn't have the right air pressure, by stating this basically he stated that they don't know nothing about installing a tire properly. With this he basically admitted to fault because they didn't install the tire properly. His great solution was to call corporate and for me to go back in a week. I went in the following week and the manager completely ignored my presence and his worker told me that it will be $118.00. Really I have to pay that amount of money to put my life and other life in danger. When I said no I will not pay that he basically kicked me out and said to call corporate. I called corporate and explained everything to her . She then stated that she would follow up with me the next day. I never received a call two days went by and nothing. So I called in the third day, her response was that there was nothing they could do that probably what happen was that the tire had a nail or screw in it. I checked the tire before I took it to them and there was no nail or screw. She also stated that the tire was completely destroyed. I only drove on the tire for less than 12 miles.
5	I have taken three cars here. After being ripped off at Sun Auto, I came to this place like a damsel in distress. They are always very helpful and try get me out as fast as possible. I didn't have anyone to pick me up, and they offered to take me home.
5	Thus is the second time I've been to this place and honestly I'm sooooo impressed. These guys have saved my car and not at an exuberant price either. The staff is extremely friendly and even as a female didn't try and get over on me. My car runs super smooth- it was not horribly expensive but honestly it was so worth it. Thanks guys you totally saved my car
1	I took my car here because I purchased a coupon for 4 oil changes at $25 or something like that. Its been awhile. Must be my pregnancy brain. So when that ran out I decided to take my car to the dealership and they said that they couldnt replace my oil because the screw might be stripped and that they would have to change my oil pan and screw if that was the case. They recommended that I go back to the place that I get my oil change. When I contacted the shop, one of the guys told me that my car was old and that it has a lot of miles and kinda implied that its not their fault and that basically my car is old. What a douche bag! I wish I wouldve got his name. He told me to take it in after I talked to him and had to repeat myself a few times to let him know that they were the only ones that touched my car to do my oil change for the past year. He finally said that he wanted to bring my car in so that they can check and at this point I was pissed and decided to take my car somewhere else. This place sucks and I dont recommend going to this shop in particular. Also know that they will always try to up sale. I guess they do it everywhere but heads up!
1	Guys here made an exception for me before they closed. They made it sound like they knew what they were doing. Said my AC was legit. Found out they are like EVERY OTHER CROOKED SHOP. JUst want your money and you get one thing.....Nothing
5	Lowdown:  Better than expected price on my tires.  Fixed my flat free and fast.  Great guys who always shoot me straight.I just wanted to take a minute and say what a good experience I have had with Tire Works.  I have interacted with Casey several times over the past few years starting back at your Southern Highlands store and he has always been professional, fair and courteous.  I always feel well informed and treated fairly when dealing with him or Jeff.   He and Jeff went above and beyond with their customer service the last few times I have been in and I wanted to acknowledge their fantastic job.  I will also be posting on Google and Yelp so others know what a fair, knowledgeable, and well run store you have on Jones and the 215.
2	Took my car here because my window wouldn't work. After negotiating back and forth they fixed it for a decent price. When I got my car my electrical locks didn't work and neither did my manual locks. Brought it back and the guy said, "are u sure your manual lock is supposed to lock?".....seriously dude. They ended up fixing the problem but don't bullshit your customer.
1	Do NOT go here!! Beware!!!I decided to have my car towed there in distress after my front brakes locked on me while I was driving. I had no choice being that it was almost the weekend & the closest repair shop to my house. It was late afternoon (couple hours before they closed) & I talked to the guy, who was really nice & assured me he'll check what up with my car. I know a little about cars but was really nervous knowing how mechanic shops work with girls knowing they'd try to rip me off but he seemed to ease that worry.I had to leave my car overnight & the very first thing I did in the morning I called in to check on my car since I hadn't heard from anyone the night before. He told me he had really bad news that I needed to flush my brake fluid, replace ALL 4 rotors, break pads, hose, calipers &master cylinder!!! A $2,100 repair job?!??! Freaked out I called a mechanically inclined friend of mine told him the deal & he was even surprised & told me that couldn't be true & suggested I got a second opinion. I thought why not & another friend recommended I take it to Master Transmission Automotive (Allllll the way in boulder city). Since he was certain I have them take a look at it I towed my car all the way across the city. The following Monday I got a call from Master saying all I needed was a brake fluid flush & that cost me only $120!!! The moral of this review is that Tirewors will try to rip you off especially if you're a girl!!! It's been a few months now & my car runs great, not having to replace all that crap tireworks told me I needed. What a place of BS!!
5	Casey has earned my business for life.  After another garage spent six days unsuccessfully determining the problem with my vehicle I had it towed here.  Casey and his staff determined the problem in just a few hours plus had a quote and timeframe ready so I could make the repair decision immediately.If you need work done on your vehicle, take it here you won't be dissappointed.
5	Had a nail in my tire and they got me in and out in less than 30 mins. Great customer service
5	Casey and the rest of the staff at this location are awesome! They never hesitate to help out and they have never steered us wrong. And in some emergency situations they have gone above and beyond to help us out. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for service, tires or an oil change. I will always frequent this location even when it's no longer close by! Thanks guys!
1	Do NOT go here!! Beware!!!I decided to have my car towed there in distress after my front brakes locked on me while I was driving. I had no choice being that it was almost the weekend & the closest repair shop to my house. It was late afternoon (couple hours before they closed) & I talked to the guy, who was really nice & assured me he'll check what's up with my car. I know a little about cars but was really nervous knowing how mechanic shops work with girls, knowing they'd try to rip me off but he seemed to ease that worry.I had to leave my car overnight & the very first thing I did in the morning I called in to check on my car since I hadn't heard from anyone the night before. He told me he had really bad news that I needed to flush my brake fluid, replace ALL 4 rotors, break pads, hose, calipers &master cylinder!!! A $2,100 repair job?!??! Freaked out I called a mechanically inclined friend of mine told him the deal & he was even surprised & told me that couldn't be true & suggested I got a second opinion. I thought why not & another friend recommended I take it to Master Transmission Automotive (Allllll the way on boulder Hwy). Since he was certain I had them take a look at it I towed my car all the way across the city. The following Monday I got a call from Master Transmission saying all I needed was a brake fluid flush & that cost me only $120!!! The moral of this review is that Tireworks will try to rip you off especially if you're a girl!!! It's been a few months now & my car runs great, not having to replace all that crap tireworks told me I needed. What a place of BS!!
1	I had called Meineke to change out two studs that broke off my wheel but i didnt want to drive all the way to Henderson. I just thought it wouldnt be safe, so I decided to pull into Tire Works thats a few miles away from my house. I spoke to a gentleman at the counter and explain to him my situation, he told me it shouldnt be a problem and would have it fixed and ready in about 2 hrs. I found it odd that it would take 2 hrs to pop out 2 studs and replace them. The gentleman at Meineke told me if would be about an hr, and would come out to about $95 for labor. I asked the gentleman at Tire Works how much it would be for the labor for 2 hrs , he stated $105 per hr. I asked him why would it take that long, he stated it would take about an hr per stud. I mentioned that Meineke could do it in an hr, he said i dont know what other companies do, but here we do it right. I smelt bullshit and quickly hopped in my car and drove down to Henderson. This place is a rip off. I dont recommend this place at all.
5	Excellent & friendly service! I highly recommend this place. Came in today & in the past--always top notch service.
5	Very knowledge and helpful staff!!   I don't know a lot about tires.   Oscar answered all my questions, and made me feel secure about the tires we choose also gave me a great deal!!    For sure the place to go!Sm
5	I gave tire works a call today in regards to getting my brake fluid flushed and an oil change. They sounded polite on the phone and made my way down there. The staff knows what they are talking about. They seem to be very sharp and noticed a couple of minor issues i was not aware of. They didnt up sell anything. I even said if i need wiper blades ill get them. They were honest and didnt change them. my car is modified and i have issues trusting people but i will be back! Brakes feel awesome. Oil change was needed. And the price wasnt bad at all. Thanks guys!Romano
4	My experience with the shop started out rocky but they recovered wonderfully. I brought my car in after it wouldn't start and Mike had promised to diagnose my car within an hour. I didn't hear from them for about a day and a half so I gave them a call. I was told they had some issues with staff, which is understandable.. It happens. Luckily Javier took my car into his own hands after the staff issues were resolved. It was diagnosed and my starter was repaired in a couple of hours. He sent his mechanic to pick me up and when I arrived he sincerely apologized for my wait and gave me a wonderful deal. Before I headed out of the shop I mentioned to him that my rotors and brakes needed to be replaced as well. He immediately got on the phone to order the parts and threw his mechanics on my car with an hour left until close. I was out of the door in 30 minutes with again another wonderful deal! Javier's customer service was impeccable and I will continue to service my car through tire works.
1	Had my radiator replaced there a few months ago. It almost seemed like they did it a little too fast, also the manager [overweight gentleman with a lisp don't remember his name] didn't seem to know what to charge me so I'm assuming I was overcharged. About 2 months goes by my car overheats on the freeway so I take it to a new mechanic and they informed me that when I had my radiator replaced they forgot to "burp it" at the end which is "mechanics 101".  I'm just glad no one was hurt when my car overheated I wouldn't recommend tire jerks to my worst enemy.
1	All I have to say is that this place charged me 1500 for brakes and shocks... What a joke and I was their fool that fell for it.
1	Yikes!! Took my car to get the brakes checked, when I left the oil light came on. All the oil was drained from my car. Not happy! Would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I've been getting my oil changed at this location for the past three years. The staff has always been prompt, courteous, and quick to resolve any company policy issue that I may have.
1	They are only getting one start because I can't give them zero. DONT GO TO THIS LOCATION. They will try to rip you off. The guy tried to sell me parts and labor $380 for a part that is $38.  Tried to sell me four tires and only needed two for $580 I got a quote on four tires somewhere else for $379. Then the guy wouldn't print out the suggested repairs which places usually do. I paid for my oil change and left. THEY WILL TRY TO RIP YOU OFF!!! PLEASE SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AND FIND A GOOD HONEST MECHANIC.
5	I got a nail in my rear tire and took it to Sam's Club to get it repaired. They told me it would take about an hour, so I left the car there and went out for lunch. They called me 20 mins later and told me they could not fix it because the nail was too close to the plug.I decided to take the car to Tire Works and they told me that Sam's Club probably lied to me because they were able to patch it up for me at no charge. Usually it would cost $24, but I tipped Tim $20.Thank you!
1	I wish I could give this shop 0 stars. I would never recommend that anyone go there. We got their ad in the mail and saw that they were offering an alignment for $49. My car was in desperate need of an alignment. I couldn't get in with my schedule so my wife took our car to the shop.When they "inspected" our car they told us that we had a broken hub so they couldn't do an alignment without fixing that. They proceeded to tell my wife that with the current discounts it would only be $700.00 for a $900.00 repair bill. I told her to only get the oil change and we would get a second opinion. I called another mechanic to get the car in for a second opinion. (I would recommend them - Eurotek Tuning). They found nothing wrong with our car, excep everything that Tire Works had touched. They told us that the oil filter/plug were not tightened down and we were leaking oil. They tightened everything up and topped off the oil.Also, we asked Tire Works to rotate our tires. They conveniently forgot to do that too. I will never return to their shop.
2	After having a run in with an island after making a left hand turn way too fast, I had two tires on the left side of my car that needed to be replaced along with the rims.Fortunately Tire Works was just down the road and they opened early at 7am, I had my accident around 6:30am.  So I drove my car and waited in the parking lot until they opened.I talked with Frank the manager once they opened and explained what happened and about 10 minutes or so later he gave me my verdict.  The two tires definitely needed to be replaced and the rim was bent at the top of one of the tires.  He said his vendor didn't open until 8am so I called my boyfriend to tell him what happened and waited.  My boyfriend showed up at 8am and a little while later Frank called me over to show me some tire rims on his computer and to go over costs.  All of this went pretty smoothly, I choose my rims and was told how much everything would be.My boyfriend and I left since this would probably take a while.We had breakfast, went back to our house and I waited to hear back from them.  And waited and waited.  Finally around 4:45pm I called them and was told my vehicle was ready and that due to a computer malfunction they did not have my phone number and couldn't give me a call.  Which was bull since the computer malfunction occurred right before I left and Frank had written down my phone number.  I was told the paperwork had been misplaced, so they did not have my phone number.Anyway, I finally had my car back at 5pm.  I would say it cost more than I thought it would, but everything looked fine.  But what I was disappointed in was not getting a phone call and having my paperwork get misplaced.  Ah well, at least my tires were replaced and now I have some nice rims too.
1	Absolutely terrible service. Would definitely give 0 stars if it was possible. After having 4 new tires put on, we noticed the car was shaking, so we took it back to have them fix the problem that they caused. After making us wait an hour, they told us that their balancing? machine was not working properly, and needed to be calibrated. There were others there with me who had the same problem, and we were all told to come back in a week. Fast forward a week, I called to make an appointment to make sure that the machine was working and so we wouldn't have to wait there while they fixed the problem. They set me up with an appointment and told me I would be in and out. The next day when I arrived at my appointment time, I was turned away and told that the machine had still not been calibrated. How can they be putting tires on other vehicles safely for a whole week if the machine is still not working? Frank, the manager, had nothing to say besides offering free oil changes, but why would I want to ever again entrust my car to a shop who clearly cares nothing about the quality of their work?I will never spend a dollar here again, and recommend that you look elsewhere when you need any tire or vehicle services.
3	Went here to get three things done at once : Oil Change, 2 tires (my own) mounted and balanced, and I had a coolant leak I wanted to get checked out. My truck is 2 years old and has 49k on it. Vinnie originally thought it was the water pump. I asked him if he thought that would be covered under warranty. He said no, after 36k its power train only. I called Hyundai and they said if the water pump is leaking, it would be covered. I called back and told him. He called me a little while later and said I lucked out it was just a hose. I gave him the OK to do it and he said the bill would be just over $200. I told him I would be by in the morning. When I came to get the truck he says hey I wanted to get in touch with you but i didn't have your number (He called me twice the day before). He said he was unable to get the hose. The charge for the oil change and 2 tires mounted and balanced was $80. ( A bit high) . I had the work done at the dealership and they charged me $130 for the hose and the antifreeze so his price on the hose was in line. Not sure if I would go to this place again, but my experience wasn't bad.
