5	Love their clothing.  I almost avoid shopping here because I invariably spend too much money.  Also, the prices keep a lot of college kids away for most of the clothing, but stay away from the graphic tees which are the ecception to this.  Check out the sale raks in the back and don't be put off by the emo-chic non-committal staff.  A state street gem. 5 stars.
3	Urban has some good stuff, but unfortunately it's one of the few "hip," quasi-affordable places to shop near campus, so that delightfully unique flowered shift you found on the clearance rack? Every third budding hipster will be sporting it in your physics lecture.Also, it's the only Urban Outfitters in the state, which makes it, bizarrely, a tourist attraction for visiting high schoolers checking out the state Capitol on government class field trips. (I once encountered a gang on Germans, for which I can still not account.)
3	If you ever needed 3 tissue t-shirts and some leggings in a pinch, Urban Outfitters will hook you up.  It pays to do a weekly walk through; sales are usually a steal.  However the books and glassware are always over priced, as is much of the clothing.  The bedding and rugs are usually pretty funky and interesting.   What I love is the shoe selection and the gift ideas. (which I steal and make better myself)
3	I go there for the basics and accessories. Tank/cami and underwear (those 3/$20 kind) are useful and reasonably priced. Sometimes I see interesting earrings. They are clearly targeting the teens and young 20s (surprise, this is a college town), so you won't find anything "quality." But if you want casual ok quality/looking pieces, this might suit you. I like the home decor section, though. They do stock the pieces with interesting prints/patterns that are somewhat "urban."
4	Oh how I love thee Urban Outfitters.  This one on State Street is good, a little smaller than most but still good.  I'm just annoyed out of the 2 necklaces I purchased 1 is already broke but it was so cute....  love their stuff but wait for it to go on sale!
2	I loved a lot of the styles...but the prices, my goodness!$48 for a polyester-blend cardigan?...You'd have to be born yesterday.Aside from clothes they also have a lot of useless kitsch you could get for your friends as gifts if you have no idea what to get them.You gotta REALLY look to find a deal.Probably never going there again. :pThe atmosphere feels kind of...douchey in there.
4	I really like Urban.  I think the re-model they did is great and their dressing rooms are definitely a lot better than before.  Some stuff is expensive but it also lasts.  Some of the sweaters I bought there years ago are still in great condition.  They have some hilarious things and even if I don't end up buying anything I love to just go and walk around and read through some of the books.  I also think their website is great.  The reviews help a ton and the few times I've ordered things it's been the right size and right description.
4	I love this store.  I don't live in the downtown area and do not attend the UW, so maybe that is why I find that their stuff it truly different from what I find at West Town mall.Their clothes are unique to Madison and pretty affordable, they have clothes ranging from really cheap to pretty costly and there is a little bit of something for everyone!And i love love love their housewares and little knick-knacks!
3	I find it a hit or miss when shopping at Urban Outfitters. You can always count on finding something different here, sometimes it's just a little to "different" for my taste. The prices are little high, but they always have great sales (check out the sale room in the back right of the store). However, when I find something here I am always in LOVE! The brand Lux, always have very "pretty/girlie" urban clothing which I usually go for. The have a large selection of accessories and funny/ironic little gift ideas. You will surely find something out of the ordinary at Urban Outfitters.
3	I don't like this Urban Outfitters compared to the one in Milwaukee. It seems to have less clearance and non-clothing items.And their clearance items are **hardly** even on clearance. I can get shirts at the one in Milwaukee for $5. The clearance jeans hear (in the women's department) were $40. No freaking thank-you. My boyfriend though, had a different shopping experience. Select Men's Levi's were on sale for $20 and he got a pair he was content with...Nothing special, nothing horrible, A-OK.
4	Well, this isn't my first choice in clothing shopping or anything but I do like the odd items they carry for a laugh and such. Located at the end of state street across the street from State Street Brats, you enter into through the well-known broken glass entrance into a world of ironic plaid and skinny jeans galore, all in 1970's colors. I will say the presentation of the clothing in here is great with what looks to be home-built shelving and tables which really gives you a good feeling. The layout isn't really anything particular but they keep certain things (like the odd stuff) together. It's a pretty neat shop that I feel everyone needs to experience at least once. Whether you like it or not it can always give you a laugh with coffee mugs that say "coffee makes me poop"... Thats just more fact than a joke...
4	So stoked Madison has a UO. I love this store, compared to others this one is a whole lot smaller. But I love the unique cloths, vintage and retro. I've read other reviews I don't think they're over priced at all. I still have dresses from 5yrs ago that look brand new. Its a fun funky store I recommend.
3	Back in the day I spent many of dollars grazing through Urban's men's selection, which I've not-so-recently discovered used to be a lot more varied and fashion forward compared to what it is now. I believe the market is now geared more so at the teenage/first year college bound young adult, which they do well, but I enjoyed their selection more so a few years back. But that's just me.This particular Urban is laid out pretty simplistically. Like most clothing stores, the men's selection is about 1/4, if that, the size of everything else. Staff are generally able to keep up with the high influx of shoppers destroying the store, and keeping it looking well put together. There are often sales going on, which are an honest steal. However, if you wear an XS or S, be prepared to have your heart broken when they don't have your size in stock for these sizes go FAST.
