5	Great service. He came out and made a key for my Honda in very little time. He was also very friendly and happened to be cheaper than everyone else. Recommend!
5	After having a terribly scary experience which resulted in calling the police a couple years back, I never wanted to call a lock smith again.  Being who I am however, I locked myself out of my house again and had no choice.  Instead of searching around for the cheapest deal and hoping someone decent would show up this time, I figured I'd just buck up and pay the money to have Pop A Lock come and let me in my house.  I am so glad I did.  They showed up in less then 15 minutes and let me in.  The fact that they were in a marked car and uniform was a big plus and I didn't feel like I was about to be criminalized.  The best part was they were actually cheaper!  I couldn't believe it.  The gentleman that came to let me in my house even offered to make me a duplicate key at a great price so that this didn't keep happening.  I thought that was nice on account they make their money when people lock themselves out!  I hope I don't have to call any locksmith ever again, but if I happen to make some dumb mistake again, I will for sure call Pop A Lock.
5	Reliable, timely, and affordable!  I phoned Jordan at Pop-A-Lock this morning and he had Ryan out to my home in a few hours.  Ryan worked hard on re-keying my doors and charged me exactly what Jordan quoted me over the telephone.  Friendly & honest hard work.  What more do you need?  Call Pop-A-Lock for all of your locksmith needs!
5	I needed a laser-cut chip key for my car due to losing my keys.  Jordan came out and took care of it.  So glad I found out about them.  ACE told me my option was to go to a Honda dealership and pay $300 for a replacement key.  Don't do it!  Call Jordan.  Really nice guy and you aren't going to find better prices.
5	Incredibly reliable and trustworthy.  Would recommend them to anyone.
5	Pop-A-Lock in Phoenix is the best in the biz! Jordan and Greg really know what they're doing. It doesn't matter who comes out to help you from the company, they will be very helpful and well-trained. These are first-class people and they'll give you by far the best price of ANY locksmith. They can help you with re-keying locks at your home, installing new lock, or with locks and ignitions for your car. I HIGHLY recommend pop-a-lock to anyone. I frequently refer my own customers over to them and they are always taken care of and very satisfied with the work and the service they receive from them.Thank you pop-a-lock!
5	Great service and reasonable pricing.  Licensed contractor you can trust, very professional.
4	I needed a replacement motorcycle key because some dummy (me) lost the original before he could make a duplicate. I called a few places and settled on Pop-A-Lock based on other good reviews and also based on the fact that they were cheaper. I called on a Saturday morning and was riding my motorcycle by noon. Greg showed up on time, was courteous, speedy and was very knowledgeable and professional. I was extremely satisfied with my experience and would definitely recommend their services to anyone needing a replacement key for their motorcycle or any other locksmith service.. In the event I need to call a locksmith again, I know who I will call.  Good job, guys! Thank you.
5	Disclaimer, Fortunately I haven't had to use a locksmith while in Phoenix but I've known Jordan for about 10 years now and will vouch for his character, which I'm sure follows him to his business endeavors. Jordan is honest, and will bring just enough humor to your likely shitty day to lighten the mood. Again, I can't speak to his locksmith skills, but if they come close to his wingman/pizza-making/overall-great-college-roommate skills that I knew back in the day, then you are in good hands.
5	Never had to use them, but I know Jordan personally for over 6 years. I also trust him, and would agree with Dan that if I was having one of those frustrating days, Jordan's humor and reliability would be much appreciated. I'm thinking I might even purposefully lock my keys in the car next time I'm in AZ so I can witness first hand the skills this man posses. If he wields a lock picker half as good as he wields a drum stick...this man will caress those locks open in no time.
5	I had my ignition switch freeze up on my GTO at the car dealership and the dealership couldn't figure out how to fix it. I was so frustrated. The dealership wanted $1500 to put a new ignition switch in my car. I've heard about Pop-A-Lock and thought I should try them, so I decided to call. I am so glad I did! The friendly Pop-A-Lock tech said get a can of WD-40 and squirt a little in the ignition and then try the key again. So I did. And IT WORKED! The wonderful Pop-A-Lock tech said no charge, just call me next time and recommend us. So here I am!!! Use these guys, they are better than the, know it all, dealerships. :)
5	I give Phoenix Popalock my highest recommendation. My home was burglarized and thousands of dollars of my family's personal property was stolen.  I immediately called the police, and then went about dealing with all of the issues created by a burglary - calling credit card, the bank and investment companies to freeze accounts, finding a contractor to repair damages, and of course, having your locks changed.About 30 minutes after calling the police, I called Popalock and reached Greg.  He answered his phone immediately, was extremly understanding and concerned, and offered to come to my home immediately to change out the looks that day.  In other words, Popalock was prepared and ready to actually respond to my family's needs faster than the police!I had Greg wait so the police could come and dust for prints, but Greg was there the following morning at 7:30 and changed out all of our locks for a very reasonable price.  Great customer service and great work.  I highly recommend Popalock.
5	I couldn't unlock the trunk of my car, which was a problem because that's where the battery is located and it had died! Reached out to Pop-A-Lock to solve the problem. Jordan came out the same day (a Sunday) and in no time at all had the trunk open and I was able to replace the battery. Friendly service, knowledgeable and fair price.
5	Greg came right out and even alerted me 15 minutes before he got there.   The price was as quoted over the phone with no added fees.   I would definitely use them again.  Great experience.
5	Pop A Lock has been able to provide every service i have required of them. Motorcycles, cars, etc. They are fast, they are knowledgable and best of all, their prices are extremely fair. I will always go back to Pop A Lock. Jordan is normally the guy that helps me out and he is great!
4	Locked my keys in my car after work. I was given a price and an ETA that was reasonably accurate. The dispatched locksmith arrived approximately when he said he would and had me back in my car in about 5 minutes. He was courteous and got to work quickly.
4	So it's the rainiest day in Phoenix in 30 years. In between rainstorms I lock my keys in my car. No! Yes! After several phone calls to automated canned voices at locksmith shops that were closed there was Jessica at "Pop-A-Lock" She was funny and polite and helpful by being her wonderful kind self. She sent Jordan who arrived in the middle of a giant down pour - and unlocked the car door by the light of car high beams. And he did it in the rain! Wow! Customer service with a smile and the price sure seemed fair to me. Great people, wonderful service.
5	Lost all the keys to my car in a matter of 2 weeks... WHO does that!?! I was panicked. I called several places to get someone out ASAP. Most places couldn't do it for a few days. Asher from pop-a-lock was at my house within an hour. The price was also cheaper than all the other places I called. I could not believe it. He was finished within 30 minutes and I had a new set of keys to my car! Asher was friendly and had a good sense of humor. He saved my day. Good job pop-a-lock!
5	Came home from a trip and realized in the cab that I had forgotten my keys.  Called Pop a Lock and they were here within 15 minutes.  Brian was my technician - he was friendly and fast.  The call dispatcher was nice, and Brian called me immediately after I scheduled the service to confirm his arrival time - and he even arrived a few minutes earlier than he said he would.  Cost was a little pricier than I had hoped ($85), but well worth it considering that I was inside my house within 30 minutes of calling.  They took payment by credit card as well.  All in all, they were professional, fast, and made it easy.  I would call them again.
5	Prompt, professional work. You won't regret using their service. They were very flexible and eager to satisfy me as a customer. They will be my first call the next time I need a locksmith.
5	Same day service.  Their price was not only the most reasonable for rekeying a whole house compared to the 4 other places that I called, but they gave great service.  Quick, professional, and knowledgable.  They also gave me instructions on how to reprogram and sync my garage, cut an old pad lock, installed a Bluetooth lock that I bought off of amazon, and for VERY reasonable rates.  I am glad I didn't go out and buy a whole locks set from lowes or Home Depot, as that was the original plan.  Rekeying the house was way way more affordable once I realized how many locks, laches, and handles it involved.  I would definitely recommend them.
5	Great experience I had with Pop-A-Lock when their technician, Bruce showed up at my home last week.  I had trouble for the past month trying to UNLOCK my front door....sometimes it would and other times not. Just thought it was jammed and I would have to replace the lock which was not the case. Bruce was very professional and was able to get to the problem immediately as the culprit was dirt/dust from our monsoon storms that accumulated inside the lock and eventually made it impossible to work.  He cleaned out the lock and lubricated it so all is now properly working. I will now know to call Pop-A-Lock for any future lock problems in my house and car.  Bruce, thank you for the great customer service!Linda H, Chandler
5	Called and was immediately put in touch with Brian who quickly scheduled a time to come re-key my home.  Brian showed up exactly on time, was very friendly, courteous and performed the job quickly. Cost of service was extremely good.
5	65$ Flat Fee to come unlock my car at like midnight.  Tom M. was there in like 15 minutes, was super professional and kinda cute ;)  I'd been trying with a coat hanger for like an hour and finally gave up... Tom had it open in like 5 minutes.  I called a couple of places who said it would be 15 or 20 bux to come out and THEN they would give me an estimate...  very leery of that BS, The girl who answered the phone said $65 when I called and that's what I paid.  Would definitely recommend.
5	We moved into our new house and wanted the house rekeyed immediately. We were originally going to buy all new locks. We called a few companies and pop-a-lock came to our home immediately. They rekeyed all the doors on our house and even installed a new bluetooth lock we had purchased for our garage door. They took the extra step in everything that they did. They made specific keys that said do not duplicate for our dog walker and housekeeper. We would recommend them to family and friends.
5	I called all the way from Texas to have my daughters keys remade for her car where she works in Tempe..This company was courteous from the first person I talked to. I was forwarded to Brian who was so polite and helpful.. He asked if I needed a rush on the job .. He was actually concerned with doing an exceptional job.. I highly recommend this location..
5	Called at 10 and Kevin arrived before noon. Kevin did excellent work re-keying 9 locks in under an hour. Prior keys worked with noise and muscle. Kevin's keys open as smooth as silk.Mark E.
5	The staff at Pop-A-Lock is courteous and helpful! I called earlier this morning and within half an hour Joe was here to fix the locks on the house. Joe was very kind an helpful and explained what needed to be done to properly fix our locks. I would recommend Pop-A-Lock to anyone who is looking for reliant, speedy and kind service!
5	One of the locks on our front door had frozen. I called another locksmith in Phoenix and the price they quoted was outrageous, so I called Pop-a-lock to get an estimate from them. Much better! Deric came out the next day and within about 10 minutes had the lock working great. I would definitely call them again if we needed too, and I highly recommend them! Great service!
2	Dude totally took his time getting to my car and when he did, he finished eating his food and browsing on his phone for 20 min. I said hello as he finally exited his truck, but he wasn't friendly back. He crawled up into my car smelling of food and sweat taking an hour to make 1 key and charged me around $170. Terrible service. I gave 2 stars because the job was completed and the lady on the phone who started the service was great!
5	Called another highly rated locksmith that is apparently 24hrs but had to leave a voicemail and never received a call back. Broke my key in my lock and they were the only ones to be able to come quickly (within the hour). I was impressed with their setup (I had Greg help me) and their follow through as well. I can only highly recommend them if you are in the same situation unfortunately or for any key related problems. Class act.
5	I locked my keys in my truck at Wal-Mart. Brian called and told me he would be there in about  20-30 minutes because he was in traffic coming from Phoenix. With in 20 minutes he was there and 5 minutes later he was in my truck handing me my keys. Quick and friendly service. I even recommend him to my work to rekey all our locks. Pop a lock were much cheaper then the place we used before at our other campus.
