1	Do not touch this place with a ten foot pole! This place is horrible and not to mention dirty!  The only reason why I went into this place because I had a coupon that saved me $3, and honestly I would have gone to another place and spent that $3.  I was going to get my underarms waxed but decided not to because I saw the room and it was not very clean at all.  Old waxing wands were still in the wax pot and not to mention that the old paper roller for the bed was probably reused!  I quickly changed my mind about the whole waxing situation and the lady was flat out rude about the whole ordeal, yelling out in English that I did not want it!  This place is half ass, not very personable, and no customer service whatsoever, not even a simple smile! I went there an hour before closing which is plenty of time but I was still rushed out of there because she put a "quick dry top coating" and my nails are messed up as I am typing this review.  I rushed home to do this, which means that i feel strongly about this place because it is horrible!
5	I have been a customer for years! The prior review is not truly indicative of the service this salon provides. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Facility is kept clean. Polish colors are up to date - with brand name selections: OPI, China Glaze, to name a few. Prices are reasonable - $23 for a pedicure, $35 for mani/pedi. Relax in a massage chair as your feet are pampered, or chat it up during a manicure. Call ahead if you can for an appointment, but walk-ins are welcome too.
4	We have owned a home in Vegas for the past 5 years and I had yet to find my nail salon here until now.  Walked into this salon and loved the staff immediately.  So I made an appointment for 3 of us and came back later that day.We were taken immediately on time and pampered for at least 1.5 hours.  My nails look AMAZING and perfect for Vegas fun.  My husband was so relaxed he fell asleep in his chair.  The staff is very knowledgeable and fun to talk to.I finally have my Vegas nail salon!!
3	This is your average nail salon.  The have nice pepople working there, but it is just your run of the mill place.  It is usually busy though, so go early in the day to beat the crowds.
5	I am very ticklish on my feet and don't do pedicures because it's almost torture for me. Not only did they not tickle me, I found the whole process very relaxing and enjoyable. They rolled with my crazy nail polish request (each toe a different color) and were very happy and chatty the whole time. I felt as if they cared about all of me and not just my ten digits. The salon was very clean, and I watched as they disinfected the tubs after my mother and I were done. The tool kits were sealed before they started. :-) We were walk ins - 3 of us at the same time - and they were able to work with us with a minimal wait.I will definitely be back.
5	My nails kept breaking when I got them done at other shops. At the recommendation of the girls I work with I went here and my nails NEVER break or chip. Acrylic is done really well, and I always get the same girl doing my nails and she's super nice.
4	Props to this place. Went for a walk in mani-pedi and received excellent service. Picked option 3 for the pedicure. Which included sugar scrub and some type of cooling treatment. Such an awesome sensation. Toes and fingers turned out wonderfully!
5	Great place! They have good descent prices and they will always go out of their way to make a customer happy. This is MY nail place and will not go anywhere else!
1	Nasty and poor service.  Prior owners were awesome but these new people take short cuts and the products seem to be 2nd rate.   Don't waste you money
