5	This is the newer animal shelter on the west side.  I love it, the design, the cleanliness, the way they arrange the adoptable pets, pets waiting for owners, etc.  They have a small yard area where you can interact with adoptable dogs, as well as the indoor rooms.  I like to keep MCACC on my annual donation list to help the homeless dogs and cats find new homes.Keep up the great work volunteers and staff!Adopt a shelter pet.
5	Really impressed with this facility as it's only a couple of years old.  The staff and volunteers were extremely friendly and helpful.  It's a very large facility, which is good (lots of dogs/cats to pick from) and bad (that there is a need to protect so many animals).Had talked about getting a puppy for some time and today ended up being the day after playing with a friend's dog.  Finally found our puppy after walking through 5 buildings full of dogs.  Rounded up a volunteer and she let us play in the big fenced in courtyard.We started the paperwork right outside while still playing with the pup.  Headed inside to the front desk, which is rather busy due to the size of the facility.  The ladies at the desk were pleasant to speak with and very informative.  She gave us a list of veterinarians throughout the valley that proved the first visit for free.Also let us know that they don't spay/neuter on Sundays so that we'd have to come back Monday afternoon to pick her up.  She was $150 since it was the first day she was available.  The price declines each day they are there.  We opted to have her microchipped so it was an extra $25.We even came back on Sunday just to see her and play with her in one of the private rooms.  Pick up was quick on Monday afternoon.  She was rather sleepy having just been spayed that morning.  No running or jumping for 10 days.All in all, we had a great experience finding our long term friend!  Facility is clean, friendly, and fast.  Sounds like they do offer other services besides adoption as people were bringing their pets in the lobby as well.
1	08/03/2012:I recently adopted a puppy from the 27th Ave Facility - my main complaint about the process that makes the rating low - he was infested with fleas and ticks (which I found out when I took him directly from the shelter to my vet).  They should at least make sure the adoptable animals have had flea/tick treatment/removal prior to going home with the adopted family - even include it in the adoption fee if they have to - I would have gladly paid more to not have to deal with this after bringing him home.   My last dog was adopted from a shelter in CA, and I didn't have this problem with him.   So while adoption is totally the way to go - make sure you are prepared to deal with fleas/ticks on your animal when you adopt from here08/15/2012:Okay - so an update on the puppy that we adopted from the 27th Ave Facility - he was diagnosed with Parvo 5 days after we brought him home - he was only at the shelter for 3 days so chances are he was exposed to it at the County shelter.  Thankfully he has survived -but only because we took him to Sonora Animal Hospital and they gave him the best treatment (also very expensive) and of course the County Shelter won't assist with the medical bills.     So needless to say this has been a bad experience.  I would just say that if you choose to adopt a dog from the Maricopa County Shelter - go in with your eyes wide open - you may be getting an animal with multiple issues that may lead to expensive treatment within a very short time of adoption.
3	The employees working behind the desk can be rude which is probably why they work behind the glass so they don't get checked!Anyways, this is a large facility and generally if your pet is lost and then found and not injured they will likely end up here.
5	They are over run with animals 24/7. It is SO sad how people just don't care about animals here in Maricopa County.  The shelter is doing the best they can to try to keep up with the intake of animals every day.  PLEASE SPAY AND NEUTER you pets.  PLEASE VACCINATE and please don't't shop-ADOPT!!!!
1	Can not get a hold of them on the phone...ever!   1 hour and no answer.   Same number that is on the tag/license??? What is the point, they don't answer the phone.
1	It's ridiculous to call a number for a county facility like this and the phone number doesn't work properly! You can call the number but you can't get through to anyone because when you press the numbers when prompted for a department, nothing happens. You have to call police non - emergency. This listing is a complete waste unless you plan to go to this office directly!
4	My stars are for all they do to help animals and all the volunteers. Thank you to the volunteer Frank, who my family met 2 years ago at the shelter (and I am not sure if he is there anymore). We never forgot you, thank you for all your help. You were so nice and kind, especially to the animals. It really touched us. This location has a cat room and they try their best to give cats a chance. The reason I do not give 5 stars is because there are a few clueless staff at the Mesa location (but some really good staff too). Also, the 2 cats I brought home had upper respiratory infections and were super skinny. They doubled in weight in just two weeks after adopting them. If I had not brought them home they probably would have died. I am guessing they were too scared to eat and the other fat cats in the cat room were hogging the food. I know that it is hard to avoid sickness with all the animals, and that curable animals should not be killed, and that they need more funding, but something needs to be done (other than killing sick/curable animals) to keep them all healthy.
1	Terrible customer service. Lied to several times about why it took 1 month to receive my dogs license after it was paid for.When I was able to get ahold of someone they were rude.LOL, I guess working for a shelter gives you great power and authority to enable you to treat people badly.You people are a joke.
3	This is the saddest shelter ever, but it's where I got my little monster mutt (dachshund/chihuahua/basenji mix) who is awesome and where my boyfriend rescued his giant couch potato lab mix (aka sweetest dog ever who was bizarrely on the kill list). The front office people were really, really nice when I picked out my little guy and I had a great volunteer walk me through the whole adoption process as well as grab an extra leash so I could take him home right away. They made sure I had lists of resources for vets, clinics, and more before I left...which was useful as said little mutt had kennel cough REALLY badly even after only being in the place for a few days (queue weeks of him hacking and coughing up stuff). Boyfriend's black lab came out covered in ticks and with really bad kennel cough as well. Also, turns out my "2 year old chihuahua mix" was really a 7 month only dachshund/rat terrier/basenji/chihuahua mix as he has gotten WAY bigger since bringing him home. I also witnessed possibly the scariest dog in the world being surrendered due to multiple bite incidents while processing the adoption. The staff handled him like a pro and were understanding in a really unpleasant situation. So, in summary, rescue a dog here as dogs are awesome. Be prepared to be sad when you realize the majority of pit bull and chihuahua mixes are not going to make another stop. Be nice to the staff as they have a rough job and deal will a lot of jerks. Donate some kibble or toys to spread the dog love.
