5	A greast job for a fair price.  They are not the fastest or cheapest but they do a great job the first time!  Thanks guys! Be sure to ask about the 'big bike' its crazy!
5	This is the only shop we entrust our classic car alignments too.  As a repair shop we only sublet specialty work to trusted people in fields such as alignments.  As stated in the previous review, this isn't a quick in and out type of shop.  They take their time and do it right the first time.  So don't be in a hurry, but go in with confidence and leave happy with the results.Carole, from Breton's Automotive Repair
5	I have a 2003 Jaguar S Type R which needed some basic break and suspension work due to the age of the car being over 10 years old.  Sean at Top Gear Motorsports recommended this shop with high confidence.  Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.  So far I have had the following done:Rear calipers re-surfaced/new padsRear suspension components (end links, bushings, tie rods)Front StrutsProblem solved a clunking sound (figured it out in less than an hour)Alignment (to my own specs, which is great)Joe always calls and explains the situation thoroughly, giving me a range of options, with absolutely no pressure.  He has never forced me to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.  He always makes sure that I leave happy and satisfied with the process.  There has never been a weird story or something that has made me feel like I was being taken advantage of, and that matters because I have a great BS meter and am a huge car guy.Also the labor rate is very competitive and i was able to procure my own parts rather than buy from Jaguar, which has saved me thousands in $$$.5 Stars, my only complaint is there is no shuttle service or car that can pick me up from work.  Great shop, highly recommended for your Jag or Euro import!!!
5	To All:Jordan's ROCKS.These Vatos works on my later made Japanese luxury car.As an engineer (BSEE) I can appreciate their top notch operation.Many Thanks Cindy and Bob.You provide great customer service.
