4	I had breakfast during the first week of this cafe opening and the service is so phenomenal that I would come back over and over again. The ambiance, the decor, the staff, and food are all wonderful. Greeted by staff by smiles and hellos. They even offered if my son wanted a banana and fresh strawberries at no charge! Portions are very generous for the price and the presentation is high class for a diner. If you are in Las Vegas, you must visit this cafe and the M Resort.
2	I went to eat here on the opening weekend. The wait to eat here was about a good 20-30 minutes. It was expected on the opening weekend.Our server was the main problem here. He constantly would forget things we requested. Also, it seemed like he forgot about our table. It took 15 minutes to get a refill. It took another 15 minutes to get a side of horseradish. It took 30 minutes to get our bill. It took another 30 minutes for him to charge our bill.The food itself was actually pretty decent for a casino cafe. I had the chicken ciabatta with a cup of french onion soup. Presentation on the dishes was also more than you'd expect from a cafe. Typical meals range from $8-15Overall, the whole cafe experience was 2 hours. I'd expect to be in and out in less than half the time, since we all just ordered sandwiches. We got to our table at 10pm, left it at midnight.Decent food, atrocious service.
3	I've eaten here twice now and both occasions were after 11pm.  After 11pm, there are certain menu items (marked with three red cups) that are available for $3.95.The first time I came here was with a party of about 30 people.  The second time was with a party of nine.  Both times took a VERY long time to get seated.  This is obviously understandable for the party of 30, but not so much for the party of nine.Anyway, the food ranges from decent to very good.  Their sliders are okay, but I much prefer TGI Friday's sliders.  On the other hand, their country-fried steak is delicious.  I've also tried other people's dishes and overall, the food is on the upper end of the "casino cafe" scale.In short, this is a solid addition to my list of late night cafe destinations.
2	Not a good place to go for late night eats.  Went there after 1030pm because most of the restaurants are closed.  Although a few of the workers there were friendly, the service was pretty bad.  Don't expect to get your drinks in a timely manner.  Food was so so but I've had better.  My friend had his order messed up and delayed and he only had a salad!  Best worker we saw was the bus boy who was kind enough to get us some water since we've been waiting so long. You know this place has a problem if you see the manager walking around and doesn't notice(or care) if people are ok, need drinks, or even bother to check on the other employees to see if they need help.  C'mon!This place needs some better management and organization skills.  If the bus boy is doing the best job out of all the employees there, I believe there is a problem.
4	pretty good place. came here for breakfast and got french toast and a roast beef sandwich. french toast and onion rings are to die for. the roast beef sandwich was thick with meat but a bit on the salty side. servers were very nice and attentive. she waited to serve our food while i was taking a picture. the line to enter is a bit confusing. you can't walk up to the counter. you have to stand in line to the right. works well if there is a crowd but it was a party of two before us and all of us had to move into the line and were then immediately seated. also, when you're done eating, you bring the check to the counter. we just sat there for awhile thinking she was coming back. confusing things aside, overall, a modern cafe feel with really good food. just a note: everything about the m is great!
1	Seriously, M resort, are you f'n kidding me with this jacked up Denny's? I mean, c'mon. I thought you would do better but apparently the idiots at the M are incompetent in how to run a restaurant or even how to manage a queue of hungry people. Yes they offer specials, and yes those late night specials bring in a lot of people. Yes they are the only stupid restaurant to get some kind of food at a later hour. Finally, yes, their food is half-way decent. Although, I think I might have had better in a NYC food cart.Their service is just abysmal. They are borderline mentally incapable to run a restaurant. The only saving grace was Brian who was my waiter. Yes, my waiter was great and understanding, +1 star from a big fat zero stars. While I was waiting in their line, they didn't acknowledge our presence until about 1 hr of waiting. They just looked around like seagulls waiting to take a nice crap on a unsuspecting pedestrian. I have never ever experienced such horrible service before. First off, they should immediately acknowledge you are there and how many in your party and tell us the approx. wait time. That way we don't waste our f'n time looking like a bunch of monkey's. When I was finally seated some hostess lady asked what I would like to drink and brought it out quickly. After that, there was nobody around to even take my order for about 20 minutes. The same lady came back and asked if anyone took my order. I literally blew up like an atomic bomb and ranted my head off as she just plucked my last string of patience. I was so angry that I didn't want to taste my food. I ended up having a mushroom burger with their fries, and it was decent but nothing special. Who knows, after my rant and screaming they probably spit in my food. I do not recommend screaming at people that are taking your food order, however, this was a special circumstance that needed to be addressed. How would I fix it? If you are short staffed, ok, fine I understand, why doesn't the manager see that the hostesses are doing absolutely nothing but standing around. Use them to take an order of waiting diners. Let them take some orders to ease the stress on the waiters. Work as a team! Address the queue!! That is the most important. They are your bread and butter. They are the ones that is paying your paycheck, and they are the ones bringing people back if they enjoy their time and food. Don't just stare at them and say nothing! Having people wait in line without anyone addressing them is unacceptable. Provide them with water or a soft drink while they wait, some people will understand if you just talk to them!Sigh, M resort, you really disappointed me with Red Cup Cafe. I was expecting good things, but that place has lost its marbles.
3	I've been twice now - and both experiences were great. Great service, good food and low prices. I've tried the corn beef hash, the tomato/mozerella panini, the fries, and the wonton soup. I can say my panini was perfect the first visit, and a tad soggy the second visit. For a hotel cafe honestly this is the best one I've eaten at in Vegas. The atmosphere and views are nice as well.
4	I don't know what people expect for an 8 buck sandwich. This is an excellent value with a nice view, comfortable surroundings and above average food.  It's a coffee shop you dingbats not guy savoy.
3	While getting to know M Resort one night, I decided to give its 24-hour diner a try.  I had no problem getting seated at a table but the booths looked more comfortable.  While it's a 24-hour spot, some menu items have limited availability.  Most everything is in the $8-$13 range.  Late night items are specially marked.  I got the discounted multigrain pancakes for $6.  IHOP and/or Denny's this ain't.  I got three huge pancakes that covered a big plate.  I could not finish the whole thing.  That's the good news.I did not like not knowing if I would get my bill from my server or if I should go to the front register.  Apparently she was backed up, even though it wasn't particularly busy.  Minus a star for putting the wedge of lemon on my water glass.  It's not the most sanitary thing and if I ask for water I just want water.  Alas, lots of places do this.
2	Meh, totally underwhelming. Open 24 hours and pretty close to my house...Food is lacking much thought - just decent boring diner food, service was alright. Come on M casino I expected more from you.I decided this place is Denny's with a different name.I won't be back.
2	We got coupon in the mail for 2-for-1 meal. We decided to give the cafe a try at 10PM since it was too late for the buffet which we love so much. We ordered two T-bone steak with fries and two iced tea for drinks. The steak was so salty, it's like they over-salt them so you won't ask for A1 sauce. The huge portion of skiny fries was very good but they reminded me of McDonald's when they used to fry them in beef fat. Anyway, we were disappointed. The $17 steak did not come with soup, salad, or dinner rolls. We had to look for the waitress and ask for refill for our iced tea which we only received one refill. With the coupon the check came to $29 including tip which we thought was not worth it at all.We love the buffet here so much, that's why we were pretty surprised how bad the cafe was. We decided we would stick to the buffet here from now.
3	It all started with a hangover and an all-too-chipper waiter named Erik.  The view was nice and we sat in a snuggly round booth-my favorite.  The latte was actually better than expected but the strawberry crepe was just okay.  Erik forgot to bring us water.  I'm trying to hydrate people!  Apparently a diet of booze and coffee is not good for you.  Definitely a decent choice but not at all amazing.
3	I feel like Red Cup Cafe has gone down hill since the first months of operation at M.Originally the place was 24 hours with some sensational graveyard specials and super friendly staff. A few months later they are now closed at 10PM, even when the casino is PACKED and the staff seems to be robotically reading from a script - which is OK, but not quite like the overwhelmingly welcoming atmosphere I had become used to.Food quality can vary and it probably depends what you order. Sometimes it's great, other times merely average.The biggest winner about the place was the 24 hours and the graveyard specials - now it's just another middle of the road quality cafe - and one with a rather limited menu.
2	Have to downgrade this to two stars after a recent non-experience.  Turns out they have stopped the overnight hours.  I don't know if this is a permanent or temporary thing, being as it was during the holidays, but it was disappointing.  I really liked the cheap pancakes and the views of the valley.
1	This place has the worst service I've experienced at a hotel in Vegas. They took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was not busy and when it was time to pay the bill, the checks took an insanely long time to arrive.Also, why call a dish an appetizer when it comes out of the kitchen at the same time as the rest of the entrees? And since when are paninis not pressed in a panini grill? The Italian panini I ordered was just a sandwich that was cold and untoasted.If only we had more money so that we could've eaten at the buffet instead.
3	It's sad to read all the negative reviews of this place, and very recent ones at that; I must have lucked out when I ate here two weeks ago.We got the corner seat outside on the deck, and this has to be one of the best views in Vegas: to one side we looked over their ornate pool, and to the other the skyline of the Strip. It was a bit windy (surprise, surprise) but not much of an inconvenience.I had peach crepes with toasted pecans, and a side of biscuits and gravy and they were all way above par. Girlfriend had orange chicken which was OK. Our server, a dude from Pennsylvania, took good care of us. He nearly lost our mimosas to the wind on the way to our table but he recovered nicely.So: maybe outdoor brunch is the best way to go with the Red Cup.
3	Very surprise, by all the negative reviews. Now it's been a year since we have been to Vegas! And I did not remember see the M resort? So when we passed by it on our way to Vegas, It really caught my eye. On our way home we stopped off to have lunch. We decided to try the Red Cup Cafe. We thought it was very nice, service was very quick. Only thing that was weird, we had a waitress that took our order but it was a waiter that took care of us? I had the BBQ bacon burger. This thing was huge and bursting with flavor. Daughter had the orange peel chicken, with rice. This wasn't to good, just to much orange flavor. We also shared the chili cheese fries, this was awesome. Just had a different cheese taste? So over all we had a very good lunch!
3	Had lunch there today with a friend.  I rarely get out to this side of the world.  M Resort is super far from my neighborhood.Food - I had the Nachos for lunch.  They were very tasty.  The chips tasted fresh, as if they were made in the kitchen.  The only problem with the dish is that they put too much of the toppings on it.  It was very soggy at the bottom of the dish.  The portion size is huge.  For an appetizer, it can feed at least 3 to 4 people.  For an entree, it's a lot to put down.....needless to say, I didn't finish it.Service - The server was friendly and was quick on the draw for drinks....however, he was MIA during the lunch and took a while to bring the check.  The busperson refilled my friend's water, but oddly enough didn't offer to fill my Iced Tea.....I only had 1 glass.....rare for a 1.5 lunch.Overall, it was a good experience.  We had a table overlooking the pool (see my pics).  The atmosphere for a Cafe in Vegas is the best, hands down.Will I return?  Next time I'm in this part of Clark County, sure.
5	Located at the new "M" hotel, we came here for a late night dinner on our way to Vegas.The dinner rolls came out  warm and very soft and the butter was nicely whipped.  We all got the Prime rib special for $14.95 which was was a great deal.  The prime rib was good but the Au Jus was very very good.   I ordered the "Hawaiian French toast" to try and it was very tasty. Not too sweet. It was sprinkled with macadamia nuts and pinapples.The fruit lemonade was very refreshing. There were all kinds of fruit in there that included strawberries, blueberry, blackberries, raspberries, mangos, peaches, and orange slices, and lime.  It comes in a Pitcher and is great for sharing.Service was good even though we weren't greeted right away in the beginning but after we sat we were satisfied.  The warm bread to start  just made my rating to a 5 star because its one of best cafes for late night dinners.
5	this is probably going to be the most interesting review for this restaurant youll see lol. my food was just ok so this place would have just gotten a 3 but this place gets 5 stars from me for their reaction to one of cousins THROWING UP .. ON the table.... TWICE ....before we had even ordered.soooo ummm yeah, we were seated fairly quickly this morning.  all through the lobby my cousin said she was going to be sick, we were seated, the waitress is about the standard 'what drink can i start you all off with" and bam my cousin starts vomiting on the table. we were all shocked, my aunt jumps into action and puts one of the linen napkins they have at the table under my cousin to try and catch the vomit, vomiting cousins boyfriend was way at the other end and didnt know what was going on and through all this THAT WAITRESS DIDNT BLINK ONCE!!! (now granted this IS vegas but still) she immediately just said what can her to which my aunt replied ice water and wet rag.  so this awesome waitress goes gets water and brings two rags, wet from the kitchen to help my cousin.after that first time, and things had settled, we ordered drinks, most of us got water or coffee, but vomiting sue over there decides she wants orange juice. to which we told her not to after just throwing up but she wouldnt listen. so to cut this already long review short, she drinks the orange juice and repeat the scene from above except were all were slightly less shocked this time.point being this waitress stood her ground (i wish i would have caught her name)she was very very helpful throughout the whole situation, very sympathetic and wasnt is disgusted as i was (im sorry it was was my cuz and i love her dearly but i have NEVER seen anyone vomit on a table in a restuarant before and to say i was repulsed would be an understatement) but this waitress was the best I hope my uncle left her a large tip.quick review on the food. I ordered the corned beef hash breakfast and though my over easy eggs were perfect the corned beef hash was not. im use to corned beef hash being diced and mixed together if that makes sense.  the potatoes and corned beef are usually mushed (for lack of better wording) and mixed together. Red Cup Cafe does NOT make it like that and i didnt care for it.  there were shredded potatoes on the bottom, diced potatoes on top of that and then very large slices of corned beef (more appropriate for a deli sandwich) on top of that. I just didnt care for it and didnt finish. i also notice none of my other cousins finished their omelettes and orders either. I dont know if it was b/c they didnt like it or b/c like me we were all struggling to regain our appetite after the aforementioned events, but we had to eat as we had a long drive back.so Kudos to you waitress and id give this place another shot, i just wouldnt eat the corned beef breakfast
