4	Caribou Coffee on the U Pitt campus is fantastic! Good coffee, comfortable ambiance, and free wi-fi make it a great place to study with a cup of coffee. I love their rustic furniture. You MUST try their cold-pressed iced coffee with a shot of white chocolate. SO good.
4	A place to stop for the following reasons :1. To do some school work.2. To read a book all by yourself3.  To get some good biscotti4. Yes!!! get the good damn coffee -Smriti
4	Wanted a place where I could sit and get work done..Caribou looked really cozy from outside and the ambiance was really nice.I wanted something new and different, and so asked for an 'Apple Blast'.. it was terrible.. i don't blame the place.. the people who order things like that on a regular basis probably do like this warm, sweetish drink.. next time i will stick to my hot chocolate.All the tables were filled with people who seemed to be studying or discussing work.Overall, this place looks like an awesome place to spend a couple of hours finishing assignments or studying for an exam.
3	I was in the area waiting for an appointment, so I decided to try this place out.The design and interior arrangement is nice and comfy.Now, I DO care for the espresso quality and haven't had  a cup of starbucks for ages (I do have two of their cups tho), so after seeing caribou's espresso machines, I decided I am not going to torture my taste buds. I ended up having a cup of thai black tea latte, and a brown sugar oatmeal, plus a cranberry orange scone to go.The staffs are ok, not anything more than taking your orders and making them.They do have many varieties on coffee/tea drinks and breakfast pastries and stuff, but the quality, uh, well...I like how they have various tea latte and you can vary the kind of milk and the degree of sweetness of them, but if you do know well what a cup chai, thai, or oolong tea should taste like, you probably will be disappointed.All in all, if you just want a place to sit and study for a couple hours and not really picky about the tastes, it's a nice place to be at.
2	Charges for extra shot of espresso when it is thrown away anyway. Generic, uninspired, completely mediocre. Try the crazy mocha 2 blocks away
3	Pretty typical "fancy hot beverages" place.I've come here in small groups before, but I'd never go here by myself... It's too expensive. As far as places on Forbes Avenue go, I'll take Kiva Han, Cathedral Coffee, or Dunkin' Donuts any day over Caribou Coffee or Starbucks.
2	I hate those little bits of candy bars that sink to the bottom of the cup! I have to throw half the cup away because the texture of the crumbs mixed with my latte makes me want to gag. I've attepted to order it without candy on top, but they put them on anyway.
2	Oh God how I hate the coffee here.  Yet everyone insists on meeting up at Caribou!  Blerg. The service is usually friendly but not super knowledgeable, and the prices are on par with Starbucks. Their breakfast sandwiches are not half bad for being microwaved or whatever. This Oakland location stays pretty busy during the school year with undergrads typing and chatting away.
4	Open earlier than the Starbucks across the street.  They play good music and it's a much more laid back atmosphere.  Coffee is better and not as burnt or bitter.
3	When you're looking for a reliable coffeeshop that is *not* Starbucks, I recommend Caribou.  Maybe you think that in modern society we are too conditioned to comfort, but there are things I enjoy about Caribou: guaranteed cold A/C, comfy chairs, smiling service, decent coffee and better-than-average-yet-overpriced drinks, reliable wifi, long opening hours.  This place doesn't, can't, have much personality like other coffee places around Pitt, but if you don't want to deal with grungy hipsters and sweat your butt off while trying to maneuver and find a decent wifi signal, go to Caribou.
4	Free refills on coffee. Now that's sweet. I dig Caribou Coffee, I dig its cozy feel and the friendly staff. I'm digging sitting next to the window and watching all the Forbes Avenue craziness when I should be writing. The only problem is that during the college school year this place often gets so packed you can't find a seat. But you'll have that when all the students are in Oakland. If you find a seat you will enjoy yourself, but good luck finding one Monday through Thursday during the afternoon. That seems to be study time at PITT.
4	I'm a tea drinker so I can't vouch for the coffee but the tea here is great! You can also get made to order breakfast sandwiches. Nice quiet atmosphere, and good central location on Forbes.
4	I love their cute napkins that are designed mostly by people who work for the company i believe.  I kind of want to start collecting them.  they're interesting cute funny witty...  i will post a picture once i get my smartphone with a camera back.  I even like that they charge a little more for their decaf coffee, they seem like a responsible, unique/original company.  It's also a good spot to study in oakland and they stay open later than starbucks across the street.  It is cozy inside and there are comfy chairs/couches.  Their coffee is decent, nothing spectacular, if you are looking for amazing coffee I would go to some of the shops in squirrel hill.
2	I don't know what the other reviewers ordered but it obviously wasn't what I've been getting the past four weeks I've come to Oakland. I've tried their regular coffee, their lattes, and their iced drinks, and unfortunately I find them all almost undrinkable. As a former barista, I've tried to think of what could have gone wrong, and one place to start is that the coffee tastes as though it had been sitting out for too long before they served me. It also tastes overbrewed, and this is coming from a Starbucks fan! (There is actually a Starbucks right across the street so maybe the intense competition fueled some hasty/bad decision making.) That being said, their banana nut pound cakes are to die for, and the atmosphere is nice with stable wifi. So it's not completely hopeless.
4	Stopped by Caribou Coffee to try it out, as opposed to the Starbucks across the street. I'm a Philadelphian, so it's my first time in the burgh due to a summer program. I'm happy  chose Caribou over Starbucks. Although it is a chain store, there are no Caribou Coffees where I live and I love this store much more than starbucks. It is a really cozy and relaxed atmosphere, and the staff is so friendly. Their green tea lemonade sparkling tea is absolutely phenomenal, and the veggie breakfast sandwich is delicious - the cheese and the vegetables totally blend together. And there was this red powdery stuff on top of the patty and it tasted amazing (I think it was something tomato-y). Their mint condition mocha is a favorite of mine. All in all, the wifi, atmosphere, and the great beverages will make me come back again and again.
4	I love wooden tables.Other than that, they have wifi, plenty of space, and some great coffee. That's why this location is packed in its prime location in front of Pitt.My favorite summer drink is the cold-pressed iced coffee with white chocolate.
4	A nice alternative to Starbucks if you want to try different variations on what Starbucks offer.  I was happy to see that the WiFi was really simple to use, no accepting terms or passwords, just connect and your ready to go.This location has a ton of tables so it makes for a good place to study.  They do not have many comfy chairs though, I think I only saw two.A nice touch is the fireplace for those cold nights.
2	Boooooo, shame on you, your coffee is not good.  I got a cappuccino for $2.57 was it worth it no, will I be back no. With so many better options in the city I won't soon be rushing back to unload 3 bucks on Caribou Coffee anytime soon.
4	Disclaimer: I don't drink coffee. I don't like the smell of coffee. I don't eat baked goods made with coffee. All that being said, Caribou is my favorite coffee place. Weird!I love tea. Chai specifically, but I also enjoy black tea, green tea, red tea, you get the idea. I also dig a fruit smoothie now and then. But this review is mostly about me seeking out a coffee place to grab a chai latte. And Caribou is way better than Starbucks, and in a different stratosphere than the subpar chai at Crazy Mocha. In the fall months, they also offer a pumpkin chai, which pretty much blows my mind. It's insanely good. I wish they offered it year round, I'm always in the mood for pumpkin! That's my JAM!I would love if Caribou got franchised the way Crazy Mocha has. I'd love to see one in every neighborhood, like Starbucks. The vibe is comfortable with light wood tones and lots of seating. The staff at the Oakland location is friendly and fast, there's free wifi, and they have crazy good chai. What else could a non-coffee drinker ask for!?
3	I got the lemonade green tea (flat not sparkling). It was a great drink for the middle of the afternoon. I would definitely go again next time I'm near one!
4	Veryyy good! :) Specialty coffee is better than Starbucks!
3	vanilla chai soy latte...not as thick as starbucks or coffee bean (for all you west coasters) but it did the job nicely and the price is def more affordable than its competition.
4	I loved having a Caribou in Oakland and really miss it now that it's gone and replaced with a Peet's :(  It was far superior to the Starbucks and Crazy Mocha nearby.  I'm a true coffee drinker and their black coffee and cold press were both excellent, and they always had some nice single origin whole bean varieties you could buy to take home as well.  It had such a cozy little seating area that was so nice to relax and do work or having a meeting with a colleague or get together for coffee with a friend.  Now that's all changed and I miss have that place there near my office.  I used to hang out there and do work regularly.
