4	Cafe Afify is a nice Lebanese/Mediterranean Cafe in the industrial park (next to Discount Tire) in Anthem.The do a really nice lemon dressing salad with feta for those looking for lighter fare.  However if you are looking for a nice chicken, or lamb dish you won't be disappointed.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention my fave.  Their Hummus.  Wow I can feel the tahini sticking to my ribs.  It's so creamy and flavorful that I have to get it every time I go.For those with a sweet tooth you can't go wrong wit their baklavah.Keep these guys open.  Anthem needs more mom and pop places like this!
3	Cafe Afify regularly advertises in the local Anthem publication (In & Out) with varying specials each month. At the time of my most recent visit, they were offering a daily dinner special for $5.95. As a good excuse to support a local business and try a new dish without putting a big dent in my wallet, I gave Cafe Afify a visit and ordered the special-- a meat patty w/ some sort of brown sauce and a side of rice. The entree itself was OK, but it was the owner's attitude that put a sour taste in my mouth. When I was given the check, I noticed the plate was charged at the regular price of $9.95. I went up to the owner and asked if they were still running the advertised special. His attitude shifted and in a snippity tone, he said, "yeah, but only if you have the coupon." I guess it was partly my bad since I assumed the advertisement was just that-- an ad and not a coupon so I didn't bring it with me. But luckily, Cafe Afify has a stack of In & Outs along with other reading material up at the front. I walked over, picked one up and handed it over to him and wondered why a new business owner would want to advertise a special that they didn't really want to honor. He didn't say much after that, but I just felt an unhappy vibe from him. I'm hoping he was just having a bad day because I prefer to support Anthem businesses and want good local restaurants to succeed. I'll give them another shot though since I love the Msa'ah (a delicious tomato stew of fried eggplant, chick peas and onions) but if I encounter another less than courteous attitude again, I'll have to make the trek out to Phoenix to fulfill my cravings.
4	My friend Jon and I stopped for gas at the Cheveron near the outlet malls on I-17.  We spotted Cafe Afify due south across the street..When we walked in at 5pm the restaurant was empty and quiet but the owner had a smile on his face and welcomed us in.We sat down and ordered... I had the Lamb Roll up *which was excellent.  Jon is one of those "give it to me plain or give me death" kind of eaters so he ordered the Chicken Kabob dinner "extra plain".  When it arrived it was piping hot and DELICIOUS.  I don't think I've ever tasted better grilled chicken.If you're ever in the area, Cafe Afify is the place to be.
2	DH & I went there last night, after black friday shopping at the outlets...service was slow and terrible, we ordered mango juice, which never arrived. The food was ok, about a 3 star, the pita was dry, chewy, and cold. The Baba ghanoush was pretty good, but was difficult to eat since the pita were too dry and hard to chew. The meat in the wraps were ok. The belly dancer was fun.
3	Stopped by here en route to Flagstaff for a short trip.  Host (owner?) was very kind and served us well.  My wife and I shared a Hummus appetizer with Chicken Kabob plate.Hummus was great -- good balance of flavor without the typical tahini tang you see most.  The pitas were basic 'store bought' -- ever since being spoiled with the hand made pitas at Haji Baba in Tempe, it's really hard to compete.Overall this was a pleasant place to stop and if looking for a place in Anthem with a little Mediterranean flare, check it out.
4	I find myself here once per week.  I love their hummus and their grilled chicken roll-up.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere inside is nice.  It's not what you would expect when looking at it from the street.  Stop in and give it a try.
1	Ok..this restaurant is under new ownership or it may be. It used to be Greek with delicious food. Now it has 3 Gyros which aren't right...and it turned it to greasy burger joint. I ordered a gyro in a pita and I had to put it together myself, sauce on the side, some kind of preformed meat that was supposed to be lamb, tomatoes, large chopped onions and no lettuce. The pita was greasy from the grill. It came with fries or soup. I said I don't want fries, so they said I could have cream of spinach soup. Didn't want that either so my friend took it. We got water...never got them refilled. Finally asked for lemon and they refilled them. We sat there for an hour and 10 minutes without food. If I had my own car I would have walked out. We went there since a friend knew the cook....well it was as greasy there as when he worked at where we live where I never ate anyway due to the smell of grease. Was totally disgusted and the dog will eat the rest tomorrow. Sorry but this place has changed, Everyone for the lunch crowd got served before we did. The waitress came over and said the cook is doing it with love for you.. I said the heck with love, give us hate and put some food on the table. I wish it was like it was.I hate to review places that I loved the last time I went there...but and hour and 10 minutes for a bad gyro was uncalled for...and I saw that nobody has reviewed it since 2009. You want burgers and fries, go to another place! It will be cheaper.
