5	AZ Auto Air Tempe  Had Awesome customer service.and fixed my car quickly for a very Reasonable price. Couldn't ask for a better experience. Thanks
5	Well let me start by saying that the minute I called and talk to John (he is the owner) I knew right away I would be a customer for life. A matter of fact....I told him that very thing....because his knowledge of air conditioning systems is second to none folks...and that is why I will be a customer for life. I didn't have any work done personally myself....but my wife did and when I called to talk to him I felt like he was an old friend whom I could trust with one my most valued possessions.....which are my trucks.....LOL. So here is the real story.....I took my 2004 Chevy Colorado to Fletcher's Auto and I was told there was no problem with the AC resistor or Blower fan.....which I pretty much knew already. However there was an issue with the AC Body Control Module because the unit was not grounded properly so no power was getting to the Module. So the guy at Fletcher's told me he didn't have the equipment to fix the problem....which required the system to be reprogrammed. I was told it could be done only at the dealer so that is what he recommended. He told me the cost would be between 400 and 500 dollars to have this problem corrected.Now I didn't really have a problem with that because I have not had to have any real repair work done to this truck in almost 10 years.....however my wife had another idea. Last year she went to this locale and got a great deal.....great service....and honest information from Steve (John' Father) at the Chandler location. So she decided to give John a try since her job is closer to the location in Tempe. As it turned out it was a wiring issue from the radio I had installed about 6 years ago or so that was causing the issue. John and his staff fixed it right up....charged my wife 40 bucks for the work...but since she had a YELP deal we were only out of 19 bucks.So like I said this locale and this company have 2 new customers for life.....I highly recommend them if you want HONEST service because believe me that is hard to find today. So for all you AC or any car repairs for that matter....run don't walk to AZ Auto Air and as always.....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Honest quotes great service! When your car is not working properly or at all, do yourself a favor and go see John at AZ Auto Air. My AC went out in my truck recently during the last few days of hot weather here in the Valley of the Sun. Since I had visited AZ Auto Air out in Chandler, AZ but didn't really want to make that far drive from NE Phoenix. I checked on Yelp and to my surprise there is a newly opened AZ Auto Air Location in Tempe/Scottsdale at McClintock Dr/Hayden.  John checked out my issue and ran through all the systems to determine what my issue would be and within less than 2 hours I was out of there and only the road feeling frosty cool air on my face once again. He only charged me $47.00 for the work that turned out to be a wire shortage. John can fix almost anything so check them out first. They have a price list of average service job costs but the bottom line is they only charge $80 an hour and if they cannot fix the problem; John can refer you to another honest shop who can do the work. A good & honest mechanic is hard to find and I am happy that I have John and his crew at AZ Auto Air!
5	I have a Ford Econoline Van that has crazy air conditioning issues.  I have had it taken in to another mechanic on a couple of different times, with different solutions being applied, and nothing really worked.  When I called John, told him my problem, told me, "Bring your van down and we'll take care of it".  John not only fixed the problem of my ac, but drove me to and from work while he had my van.  This is truly a rare helping hand.  Thx again John
