4	It had been a year since I had last been to this location.  Since then they have reconfigured the seating area, and the kitchen staff has been named the Hooters Kitchen Crew of the Year for 2008.The Hooters Girls also seemed to have stepped up their service.  Previous visits had a staff that didn't seem to be customer oriented.  On this visit they were providing the type of friendly service Hooters is known for.Great improvement!Added bonus:  since it is near Lowe's Motor Speedway and NASCAR race shops, you just might see some drivers, crew chiefs, or members of the race teams eating there.
3	I can't say I was a huge fan or hooters before I went to this specific location.  The wait staff was definitely attentive but the food was mediocre at best.  The wings were a bit dry and I found myself dipping them in ranch just to kick up the flavor.I also had a startling revelation when eating here.  I don't particularly like looking at breasts while eating.   I guess in the future if I want that, I can cook a meal at home and eat in front of a mirror with my shirt off.   I need to get back into the gym. :\
4	Hooters of Concord has been completely renovated since my last visit.  There is a new bar area, new seating configuration, and plenty of new hi-def tv sets.All of the Hooters Girls shouted an eager "Welcome to Hooters!" to all that entered.  My Hooters Girl was polite, but not very interactive unless I asked her a question.  I did notice many of the Hooters Girls were doing a good job of interacting with the customers at their tables.I ordered the new Western Burger.  Food preparation was a little on the slower than average time, but the burger itself was property prepared and tasty.Store Manager was doing a great job of going around and making contact with the customers, plus keeping the Hooters Girls upbeat.
4	Good wings. Their fish and chicken sandwiches are great.
2	This was not a pleasant experience, Firstly, I had fried pickles, which were soggy and greasy, nowhere near as good as I have come to expect from Hooters. The bartender (Jennifer), while not unpleasant to look at, was extremely slow. She walked past my empty beer glass all night; the only way I was able to get a beer was to get her attention, which was difficult, since she was busy fooling around with her phone and doing God knows what else, and ask her point blank for a beer. When I was able to finally order an entree, she recommended at "Daytona" sauce, which was goopy, sickly sweet, and horrible.  The worst, and unforgiveable part, was that there was a mix-up with the tabs, and the manager came over and informed me that I could order no more alcohol, since I had already has TEN beers. I had NOT had ten beers; believe me, if I had wanted to have ten beers, it would have been impossible in the short time I was there, with the inattentive bartender. Rather than argue with these socially-inept , inefficient people, I cashed out and left. have reasonable expectations, and not only did they not meet my expectations, they were egg\regiously insulting. I come to town often, for business, and could potentially bring a lot of business, as my customers do like Hooters, but I will NOT be back here, Steer clear of this place. Go to the Texas Steak House or one of the other numerous nearby options.
5	It's been just over a year since my last review of this Hooters.  Today I dropped by for lunch en route to work in the area.  I had an incredibly bubbly Hooters Girl that was doing a superb job of interacting with her customers as well as serving all quickly.The buffalo chicken sandwich was meaty and spiced to my liking.  A pleasant Hooters Girl and delicious food = a very pleasant lunch experience.
2	Very personable staff, but slow. Their cellphones are very important to them.  The food wasn't anything to write home about, overly greasy and not at all fresh. I have never had a problem with their fries, but today they were not crispy, but super soggy. NOT good. I had a sandwich, and my meal-mate had wings. Neither of us were happy and will not be back.
1	Stopped into Hooters to get some wings tonight in Concord. I had always heard Hooters has great wings. (I have not been to a Hooters in almost 17 years).Well, I must say I disagree. The wings I just ate where close to the worst I've EVER had. For starters, they were tiny. Second, they were expensive considering what I actually got. And finally, they were not very tasty.Disappointed is an understatement. $18 down the drain. Pissed!
3	I love Hooters for drinks. They are all kind of the same on food. The wings are good. The waitresses are the real reason to go. This one has really good looking ones for the most part. There are a few fat ones, but that's how it goes. They seem to keep them on the day shift and let the talent work at nights.Check them out on Wednesdays for 32oz Coors Lights for only 3 bucks. The Smothered Chicken sandwich is delicious. As Hooters restaurants go this one is slightly above average.
3	Wings are good, oysters are really good. The one thing I have always disliked about Hooters in the uncomfortable chairs and stools, I hate them.
3	After the Quacker mess up, we stopped at hooters next. The service was ok the food good and the manager made the wing order right. Even stopped back by to make sure we were good. Its a nice place for drinks and wings.
4	Driving through Concord NC, thought I would grab some lunch. This is one of the newer interior Hooters with the new logo. No milk available here. Settled for Mt Dew. (General manager did offer to go and get some milk if I really wanted it).Decided on a Club Sandwich with a side of baked beans......     whooooa hold on sailor!  No beans at this Hooters. Discontinued 2 years ago.    What?I though she was kidding!  Brittany T was the nicest Hooters Girl I encountered in a long time. Actually had a great conversation with her and the general manager. The club sandwich was great!  I didn't order any other side because I was set on beans for some reason.  This is an above average Hooters in all respects!  Good food and great people and service.   (Only thing that I wish they still had was the sports section of the paper hanging in the bathroom. Keep it up!  Will stop by again on all trips through Concord.
1	Chicken cooked at wrong temperature... Was completely red. Threw up for 3-4 straight days. Lost business over it too. Fix the kitchen, fix the restaurant... STAY AWAY!
3	Servers and bartenders are friendly and attentive. I have been to this location a few times and it is a bit inconsistent. Tonight we ordered to go. The wings were wrong and our other items got cold as we waited for the wings to be redone. We were there a total of an hour for a takeout order. Manager was great and made it all right but it was far too long. I'll be back but this is not the best location.
4	As a former hooters girl, the service was average. The resturant was clean and the girls were friendly. A manager greeted us as well. My food was EXCELLENT, however my husband's wings were under cooked and pink. The manager quickly took care of it with a fresh batch of wings and also took the wings off our bill. All in all it was great and I would return !! Yummy
2	I LOVE Hooters wings.  I love the buttery hot original sauce, the light coating of flour and the large size of wings.  We had been eating healthy for awhile and since we were at Great Wolf Lodge decided we needed adult beverage and food.  So we ordered 20 wings and curly fries to go.  When my husband arrived the wings were THICKly coated in hard flour.  They tasted like old oil.  The sauce was pooled at the bottom and not on the wings.  The sauce was really dark not that golden orange sauce I remembered.  Even the curly fries were not right.  They were dry and tasteless.  I had to peel all the coating off the wings before I could even eat them.  I was really disappointed.
