3	I mean, it's Target. It has everything. You just need to know what to buy there, and not get sucked into the convenience of buying everything in one spot.Beware -- though their merchandise looks nice, and it's a good buy for a student, you don't want to make long-term purchases here. The zipper on a skirt I bought broke the first time I wore it. I've heard horror stories about disintegrating comforters during their first wash.That said, their store-brand toiletries and other sundry items are fairly cheap, and they have a wider selection than Giant Eagle or CVS. They also have a cool program with Flickr.com -- you can upload your photos, order them online from Target's One-Hour Photo kiosk, and pay by credit card when you pick them up.I love their cheap accessories -- glasses, bags, jewelry. Along with Claire's and Filene's, Target is my favorite place to shop for those things.
4	What can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!But as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.Me, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.
4	Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!And I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!
5	OMG. Target is my fav store ever. I love the staff they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often!!! I also greatly appreciate being able to use a target coupon AND a manufacture coupon!!!!!  I save so much money shopping  there and now I save 5% everyday using my target debit card!!!!! Ah I love this store!!!!!!!
4	After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.  Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.  Depending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.  If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.The only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
4	This is a really great pharmacy - friendly, quick, knowledgeable, and inexpensive.
4	Target is pretty standard. If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one. That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of. The electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
4	Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic! This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.This store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either. I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly. In addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses. I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
3	It's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.If you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.
4	I was in and out, and I didn't wait in long to long so I'm happy.
4	I've been to many Targets and they're all the same. However, this particular one is currently being remodeled. Children's clothing, toys, electronics and health & beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store. There is a new Starbucks that is now open. The cafe that is there has been remodeled and will serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items. The area where the electronics used to be it is now going to have a small grocery section. Basically, this Target in Homestead will eventually look like the one in East Liberty. I like this Target, so I am pleased with the new changes (especially Starbucks)!
3	It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.Otherwise, it's pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and I was only buying one thing. I was relieved when they sent a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be a very long wait.
3	Target.I like Target more than I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.I like Target enough to return. I like it enough to pass by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean I love Target? No, it is just OK.
