2	I have to agree with the previous reviewer. Nail Depot has jumped the shark in what I can only guess is an attempt to battle the downturn in the economy. While the work done in the salon is far above average, the owner of the joint has perfected the Full Court Squeeze when it comes to pushing every add on available without the benefit of pricing transparancy. Can you say no to it all? Sure. Does having to make for a really uncomfortable hour or so in the chair? You betcha! I think a lot of businesses have taken this tack when battling a decline in business, but I'm particularly bummed Nail Depot did. Overall I had had such good experiences there but the change in the air is palpable. And that's only supposed to happen in horror movies. Or something like that.
4	Always great service at Nail Depot! I used to live right across the street, and frequented this nail salon. I moved a year ago and I had not been back until tonight. I found myself with a Sunday evening free and every nail salon near my home closed. I figured I would drive up and even though the hours say they close at 5, they took me at 5:45!I was a little afraid that my pedicure would be rushed and sloppy, but I really wanted one so I took the chance. So glad I did! The man took his time(over an hour!) and did an excellent job. I chose pedicure #2 which included callus removal, sea salt scrub, and a 15 minute lower leg massage.The cost was higher than I have paid elsewhere, $37 before a tip, but I am a very happy customer. In the future I will remember that this place is worth the drive!
2	Oh man, I have had mixed experiences here. I went last Friday with my sister in law and it was not good. I have gone other times though, and it was fine. So last Friday was a 1 star experience, but the other times have been 4. So average about 2.5Here is what I like- It is a nice big and clean place. The tubs all have disposable liners which make me feel beter. Also, It is close by. I also like how they set a timer and give you a long massage. I love how you get your legs cleansed with oranges. It leaves a nice tingly feeling on your leg. They also do a good job of removing dead skin and calluses off your feet. I have also never had to wait long. What went wrong- Every time, I get a #2 pedicure, which includes a longer massage, callus treatment and other extras. My sister in law got a #1 which is just the basics. Well, mine was finished like 10 minutes before hers even though I was supposed to get extra. My lady set the timer for 15 minutes, and later i saw that my massage was supposed to be 20 minutes. Besides the callus treatment, I did not see any difference for paying 13 dollars more. This made me really mad. They were also rude to my sister in law. They cut her and kept trying to make excuses that she had a hang nail. The man painting her nails was also very rude to her. He made comments about how much glitter she wanted and did not listen to her when she was explaining how she wanted them painted. It left a really sour taste in my mouth. I really feel like its too expensive there compared to other places, so I will keep searching for another place.
1	Went in for a polish change and they told me it was $10.  No problem.  Then the 'owner' or manager came up to me and said, "We will clip your cuticles also"  I said Thank you.  The job was done and I went up to pay and they said it was $20.  OMG I could have gotten a total pedicure for that.  What a ripoff.
5	Always great and attentive service here. Massage chairs and warm jacuzzis for your feet, They massage your legs for ten minutes and the price isn't bad! I love it!
5	Great pedi!! They use an awesome combination of fresh (oranges) and lotions for the scrub. They take care to wrap your feet with plastic during the callous removal for it to work better. Nice and quite and clean. They're not screaming  across the store to each other like some places do.
5	On a very short notice and a recommendation from a friend dropped in two of us to get a pedicure and was greeted I by a very nice man and Lisa and Hannah took care of the two of us. They were very pleasant excellent job not much to work with I have the prettiest TOES in town!! With the basic you even get hot stone massage. They are the goddesses of pedicures.  It was even affordable.
5	This place has more of an upscale feel than any other nail salon around.  They are very accommodating, will even do mani and pedi at the same time.  Very reasonable prices considering the spa-type treatment.
