1	PEOPLE BEWARE!!! this place is a total scam!!! I went in asking for and requested GEL nails.  What I got instead were acrylics and was charged for Gels.  I walked into the salon asking for gel nails.  They told me that gel can come in clear gel form which would be cured (and would "hurt") or I can choose to have the "gel powder" form which would be stronger.  I opted for the gel powder form because the nail tech made it sound a lot better.  I came home and did some research on the internet because I had never heard of gel powder.  It turns out there is no such thing!!!! they used acrylics on my nails instead.  please do not go to this salon! scammers!
5	Tammy is the Best! Long was my favorite for years I was sorry to see him move, we will miss him here in Vegas.
5	This place is the winner of my "hands down the best pedi I've ever had" award. Stopped by while getting my car repaired nearby...they kindly took me and the bf as walk-ins. They have a great selection of new polish colors (none of those gunky bottles you run across at other salons!!!) a very sweet thorough gentleman did my pedicure, ensuring no detail was overlooked, and he was gentle! I'll definitely go back!
4	Walked right in around 2:00 P.M. and was greeted by a sweet woman named Anna.  Very skilled at her job and very friendly.Anna took care of my manicure and then she handed me off to a gentleman named Steven who did my pedicure.Steven was awesome!  Painted my toenails with Seahawks logo and colors!
4	Walked in here yesterday at about 5:40, they said it would be about a 5 min wait. ......No problem. I went to get a fill. To start, the salon's decor and overall feel is incredible. Relaxing, stylish, modern, clean, professional. It actually looks like a "spa" not just an oversized room with manicure stations like other salons. They did themselves a hugeThe guy "T" who did my nailsis really nice, doesnt talk your ear off and VERY gentle with my hands. I have always had manicurists be really rough and inconsiderate that your fingers actually have nerves. "T" was very gentle. He also was SO attentive to detail and my nails are literally PERFECT. They look photoshopped. Seriously. Flawless, beautiful nails. It only took like about 35 (?) minutes to complete this fill. The ONLY thing that I didnt like was that he put the gel on (extra $5) and didnt ask me first. Thinking back, he did say "I put the gel on for you now and then we dry"......but I assumed he meant the clearcoat. So technically its my fault for not saying no to the gel but he also didnt explain the extra $5 charge. Next time I will make sure to correct that...that $5 extra is why I could only afford a $2 tip. I will DEFINATELY be coming back for my next nail service and I'm assuming that since they did such a perfect job this time, they will be my go-to place for my next spa pedicure since the atmosphere was super relaxing and the spa chairs looked incredibly comfy. Thanks "T".
4	I was looking for a place near home that uses the razor scrapper. This place uses a large sized cheese grater looking scrapper that works just as effectively as the old razor style one. Excellent pedicure for a good price!! 20 bucks for the pedicure, 5 buckS to use the dry skin remover and I usually get French tip which is another 5. Staff was friendly and nice too.
4	Very close to my home, within walking distance!It's very clean, modern decor,friendly and a HUGE selection of polish, essie,opi etc.Some of the customers can be seedy, when I was there some angry fat woman got upset because the manicurist was "rude" to her (she wasn't the fat lady was not kind and seemed to be angry at everyone) It's priced to match all the other nail salons in Vegas, I'll return for sure.
2	I came in here on a Saturday morning a little after 9am.  The gentleman who was working on my pedi started clipping my nails with a cuticle nipper.  I thought it was really odd, I've never seen anyone use cuticle nippers to clip nails, especially for my nails, which were long overdue for a pedi.  Anyway, I wished he trimmed down the nails some more (I should have said something).  As he was clipping my big toes with this nipper, it hurt so bad I started saying, "ouch!" but he ignored my whining and went on to clipping.  Later, he went on to scrub the bottoms of my feet, and that, itself was not good because he did it so lightly that it was the uncomfortable ticklish feeling.  The nail painting itself was good though, and I was out of there in about 40 minutes, including drying time.I should add, when I walked in, there was another woman who already had her pedi started.  I was already done, and she was only halfway done.  So depending on who you get, you'll either get really fast service, or really slow service.  She commented on it to the man who was doing her nails, but disregarded what she had to say.  She also commented as the guy was scrubbing her feet, how that experience was, "not a good one," to say the least.The only reason I stopped by here is because they open at 9am on Saturday.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	So.. I went in a few months ago because other place I went to gave me the worst ingrown ever. Anna (she's the manager I think) got it all taken care of. Within two visits I was completely better. Then I moved from that side of town to about 15 mins away I made the mistake of going somewhere else. They messed the same nail up so I'm back to Tanya's. It's about $5 more than the place close to my house but that doesn't matter when it comes to how good they are. Oh yeah, and I also get my eyebrows waxed there too. I've gotten many compliments on my eyebrows from other people in the beauty industry so I take that as a good thing. Everyone there is friendly and will chat with you if you like to chat!
4	Tanya's Nail & Spa is a very nice strip mall nail shop.  It is in my regular nail shop rotation. I like them for several reasons.1. It is conveniently located next to a grocery store, so I can get groceries and a pedicure in one stop.  I don't even have to move the car because they are so close!2. The staff here are always really friendly and engaging.  The techs always ask your name and chit chat with you, if you want too.  3. The nail services are great.  I have gotten manis and pedis numerous times and they always look great and last a long time.  They do a good job and my nails look awesome.4.  They do waxing here too!  I have had my eyebrows done a couple of times and I am always happy with the results. No, it isn't a fancy salon, but if you need a quick mani/pedi, Tanya's is a good option for you!
2	Sincerely wish I/we would go somewhere that would legitimately get more positive review .. BUT Made appointment for self and niece for mani/pedi each ..Based on reviews, asked for Anna for self ..Arrived on time .. typical looking salon with pedi in rear .. non-intrusive music playing .. I was seated w/Tanya while niece w/Tina ..Both of us were cut on toes - bleeding .. Both of us said no cuticle cutting - both of us now have cuticle hangnails.I said: Old school French tip please - and specified again and again please only white tip on natural nail area .. after 3 attempts finally said, forget it .. no polish ..We will not be back, sorry.
1	I went in to this nail salon for an eyebrow wax and a gel manicure for my engagement photo session. Both services were a complete let down and here is why:1. The lady who did my gel manicure did not use the color I picked! I picked a pale pink and she went and got 3 different bright pinks. Even though I told her I want pale pink. I told her this when she put it on my finger and her only response was "yes?" I said forget it and let her do it and ended up with a bright neon pink that my 7 year old niece would pick. The nails are not filed straight and she painted over my cuticles. I had to hide my fingers during the photos session.2. The lady who did my eyebrow wax was VERY rough and I had a rash for 2 days after. Luckily, make up covered the red rash for the photo session.I would not recommend this nail spa to anyone after my experience. It is sad to see a business this day and age during our economy not care about quality of service. I frequently get my eyebrows waxed and have never had that reaction. Bad experience!!
5	this place is great, I've been going here for years.
1	Horrible service asked for deluxe pedicure (listed on menu) male attendant (never introduced himself) didn't know what I was talking about. He then proceeded to saw my nails instead of filing. When I stopped him he became agitated, speaking in a language I could not understand. It appears that unlicensed people are attempting to perform professional services at this establishment.  Won't be returning.
2	I was not impressed. I got the most rushed, least detail oriented pedicure I've ever had. It wasn't very crowded, no one was waiting for my chair, so there was no reason for them to put so little effort into my nails.
1	I used to like this place. They have recently hired all new people and they are terrible. They cut my hands and feet until I bled and left paint all over my foot.
4	My daughter and I have been going to this nail salon for a couple of years now and have always enjoyed our experience. In my opinion, they do a very thorough job. The only negative is that it seems as though there is a pretty high turnover rate with the nail techs. It seems like as soon as I get used to a particular technician, they no longer work there. However, I always get great service regardless of who is doing my nails. Recently they renovated and boy does it look different. The ambiance is like beach bar meets the movies. It really is cool. They take their time and present the lotions and scrubs that they use on you like it's food all displayed in their own separate trays. Everything is brand new, clean and fun. I like that all the furniture and pedicure chairs are brand new and clean and that they use protection for every pedicure in their foot baths with a new plastic liner each time. Overall, this is great nail salon. One of the best I have experienced here. I would highly recommend this salon. I would have given 5 stars if the employee turnover rate wasn't so high.
