5	Great Looking Place!  Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar Tasting Shop (as I say) and More!  Much more they have what I would guess is a complete line of Terrapin Ridge Farms Products (Sauces, Jams and similar products)!  All of these were enjoyable!  The Next difference in this place and those similar are the recipes and, AND most of the products "in USE" in other words you get to taste the recipes suggested prepared!  Incredibly Smart!!!  Brownie with Orange Olive Oil!!!  That is one of my New Favorite Brownies!!!  Moroccan Date Sauce!!!  Back to the Vinegars Balsamic Chocolate was one of my favorites!  Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar is Great on Bread, Pasta, Meats, in a "Salad" even the no lettuce kind.  Sometimes I'll even eat it on its own, even right from the bottle, these are good enough for that!The staff was very friendly and helpful!  My guess is the owners are Husband, Wife and Son (it is a Guess)!
5	I wandered into this store on a rainy day, and I'm so glad I did!  I never thought that tasting Olive Oil and Vinegars would be enjoyable, but it was great!  There's so much flavor in everything they sell.  I've been trying to eat more salads, and I've been disappointed with the amount of sugar/salt/preservatives/cheap oils in all of the salad dressings available.  The oils and vinegars at this store make homemade salad dressing a no-brainer.  It's so much better than I could have ever imagined.  The aged balsamic vinegar is so perfect I don't even need to add anything else to top off my salad.  In a world where so many things are and low quality and fake, this is worth the extra trip and the price!
5	My mother, sister, and I wandered in here sort of by accident on Mother's Day weekend when we had stopped in the area to visit Reid's.  We weren't sure what to expect, really, but this wasn't it!First of all, the people: they were so incredibly kind, friendly, and enthusiastic about the products they were selling.  They genuinely wanted you to try every product they had, ask questions about it, and enjoy the experience.Secondly, the building: nicely laid out and well decorated.  There is, however, the question of parking which is rather scarce in the area.Finally, the product.  Wow!  My absolute favorites were the chocolate basalmic (delicious with berries!), garlic olive oil, basil olive oil, and rosemary olive oil.  There were tons of interesting flavors to try and some other styles of things to try.
5	Love this place! Their knowledge and passion for olive oil and vinegars is incredible.  Be sure to try the Carmelized garlic! Delish!
5	Best TRUE olive oil store in town! Chris, the owner, actually sources the olive oil from small oliver growers, most if not all from California. There is NO COMPARISON between the quality that you'll find here versus what you'll find in any commercial store! Sure it costs a bit more but it is SO worth it!You can taste all the amazing infused oil flavors, like rosemary, lemon, basil, even an Indian Masala that is killer! Chris added the Masala oil to Hummus and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD!They've got lots of other dips and sauces available as well, and the BEST true aged Balsamic vinegars imported from Italy.The folks here are awesome people and the products second to none. Quit buying crappy oil and vinegar from grocery stores and support an awesome local merchant like Chris. You'll thank me after you try this stuff!
5	We love the 25 year aged balsamic and the chocolate balsamic. The chocolate balsamic in particular is great on strawberries and cream or peaches and cream. We bought from them when they had a little kiosk at the Seventh Street Public Market. See you soon! We ran out!
