5	I can't believe this location isn't on here! I have been getting my nails done off and on here for the past two years and I absolutely love this place! They always get it right. I always have the perfect length, the perfect shape and the perfect thickness. I don't like them arching up off the finger, and here they file them thin enough so they lie flat against the nail, but thick enough not to break. They have a great selection of colors for glitter tips and french manicure colors. But they are awesome at free painting designs I request. For fourth of July I picked out some colors and had them paint fireworks with glitter on my nails, then for this Halloween I had them painted black with white spiderweb and silver glitter! It's always perfect and not too pricey. I never leave looking like a hooker, but if that's what I wanted, I bet they could do that too! The nail technicians are amazing, they really care about the customers happiness and make sure each step is perfection. One guy who was doing the spiderweb nails stayed nearly a half hour after they closed (I came in 40 mins before closing) and finished the job. He didn't rush me and didn't get upset. He got a really good tip! Anytime I have had my nails done they usually last a good three weeks, I just file them down as they grow. The place is well kept and very clean. Every time I go in there I see them sterilizing equipment or wiping down stations. I recommend if you're in the area, stop by and let Angel Touch Nails make you beautiful!
4	I was looking for a nail place on the West side to meet up with some of my cousins, I found Angles and we decided to give them a shot. 5 of us walked in with out appointments (3 pedis, 2 manis) they were able to accommodate us all with in 10-15 minutes of walking in. Everyone was very happy with how their nails turned out.
4	got a full set of gels.  a little far from home, but very nice, accommodating to my need to have my nails shaped just so, and such good prices!  only complaint is that my nails are a little thick, but i'm guessing it's bc it's a first set, and in my experience, the shaping gets better/more natural with subsequent fills. i'll be back in a couple weeks. so update then!
5	This place is amazing, I was tired of the crappy service at another place my mom was a regular at so I decided to try this place for her Mother's Day gift and NO REGRETS. They took very good care of my mom, the lady took her time in everything she did, made sure it was done right. I asked her to put a little flower design on my mom's ring fingers and she did a really pretty flower with a stem, glitter and topped it off with a cute little gem. I am definitely satisfied with the service. I will be bringing my mom here again.
3	pedicure was okay. gels still good, got them filled and they're holding up well.. was more expensive than I anticipated
