1	I would not give this place any stars. They suck. They try to rip you off by posting one price and then adding on fees and BS. The guy I dealt was pushy and had no freakin courtesy. I would not ever buy anything from them no matter how good the deal seems. I hope the owner of Ride Now sees this.
1	These guys talk a good game, but they are bait and switch shysters. Ridenow Chandler is just as bad! They tell you a price for service to get you in, and then they forget to mention that the quoted price does not include oil, filter, etc! Who quotes an oil change and tells you later, oh I should have been clear, the price was only labor. The extra I paid is nothing compared to the amount these crooks lost in future business from me. Stay away--go to Iron city in Phoenix.
1	What a joke this place is - Ordered and paid for a battery for my quad Sept 3rd. Was told would have it the 4th and they would call me. No call. I called on the 5th and they said would definitely have it on the 6th, still no battery. Called me today to tell me they might have it on the 10th. When I told them to cancel order they said would need my credit card again. Not a chance, told them I would just charge back the card.Parts manager called me acting extremely arrogant and told me I was ignorant. What a joke.
2	Update - After speaking to someone at the Corporate office I was able to pick up a battery the next day and it is working great.I am updating to two stars due to the service and prompt attention received from Corporate.I may try another Ridenow franchise in the future but would not return to the Apache Junction location again.
5	Owner Dominic is a great person, down to earth fellow.  Although I was there to purchase at this point, he provided great insight and information into what I was planning on getting.  When the time comes I will go here to purchase because of the great customer service i received from Dominic.  Great guy!  If you have trouble speak with him and he will make it right.
4	I see a lot of negative reviews here on this business but I've had good experiences with them, sort of.I went in to ask about getting the carbs on my bike rebuilt. The cost was prohibitive for me but some guy, my apologies for not knowing his name , asked me what year my bike was. I told him and he said they won't even work on my bike because it was too old. Huh? He explained to me about how with bikes than ten years tend to have things break quite easily and end up costing them more to fix than they make. Ok, I can understand that.He then tells me that when I bike has been sitting for a long while and the gas goes bad that the thing to do is run some SeaFoam through it and that will probably bring the bike back to it's original performance. Cool. So he says they won't work on my bile but tells me the easy way to fix it myself. That rates pretty high in my book.The second incident was when I went in for a clamp that I lost. He, same guy, asked me what it went to and I told him the air cleaner. He tells me that they don't have a clamp like that but I can use a zip tie to re-attach that hose to the air cleaner. I think that's some stand up advice. He could have easily told "Sorry, ain't got one"  and let me walk away bummed but he helped me out with some mechanic advice.In summary, I've never had my bike worked on by them so I can't comment on that kind of experience but have been given good advice from them.
