4	They did a good job washing my car and hand drying it. I chose to go to this place because for some reason, i like it better when a machine washes my car rather than random people. If i wanted it hand washed, i'd do it myself. The 2 guys who greeted me under the big shade thing were very friendly and nice, but the woman who "cleaned" my windshield to look for cracks was extremely rude, thats why i deducted a star. i have a tiny crack on my windshield and when she pointed that out and said they will repair it but i had to give my insurance card, i said no! then she proceeds to give me attitude which i thought was not necessary. will i go back? hmmm, yea if my car gets dirty again but for now, ill be looking at another place
5	Super car wash, the guys treat your car like it's a Rolls even if it's seen more miles than a moon launch. They even had someone on deck to repair windshield chips and had a clean, comfortable waiting room and playroom for kids.
5	Moonlight has detailed all of our cars. They detailed my new 1968 Camaro convertible and did an awesome job. The interior detailing was amazing and the wax job is immaculate. They are high quality, professional, and make sure that you are satisfied with the job before you leave.
5	The staff is really friendly and the service is great. They have punch card and if you get 10 car washes, you get a $25 car wash package for free!
1	I've been a customer here for a long time, when the previous company ran it and they did a pretty good job. They eventually closed and it sat empty for a while so I was excited to see that Moonlight was now operating there and stopped in. I've been going there for a few months not for anything major, just usually a quick car wash you put it through, it comes out clean I'm happy. Now, the reason I won't return to Moonlight Car Wash. I go in a few weeks ago with my truck, and it's dirty. It has mud on it and they tell me that I cannot put my truck through the car wash because of the mud. I didn't think the mud would be an issue, every time I have gone to the car wash (10+ times) they have pressure washed whatever I'm driving, whether it is my car or my truck. It wasn't covered in mud, there was just mud on the tires and the step rails, nothing major. The person working suggested that I pay $40 to pressure wash it, and then pay the other $30 for the detailing, or I could take it across the street and pressure wash it myself and then bring it back. No thanks, if I'm already going to go pressure wash my own truck, I'll finish doing the rest of it myself too.So in the end - if you have a clean car or truck they'll be more than happy to wash it - if it's dirty, you're better off doing it yourself and saving the money.
5	Best car wash in Henderson awesome customer service and great quality. I payed $40 dollars. For a Hand wax that included the wash and all 4 mats shampoo other places charge $40 just for waxing my car the Guy with the ponytail did a great job on the wax THANK YOU MOONLIGHT CAR WASH
1	I live 3 miles from Moonlight Car Wash and I read the good YELP review by a guy who paid $40 for a great auto detailing: "Best car wash in Henderson awesome customer service and great quality. I payed $40 dollars. For a Hand wax that included the wash and all 4 mats shampoo other places charge $40 just for waxing my car..."Sounded pretty good so I thought I would give it a try today. When I arrived with my clean but dusty '97 Ford 150 I was told that it would be $160 for a "FULL" detail. So much for the $40 deal I read about. At first I balked at the price, but the detailing attendant "Danny" told me it would be worth it and he recommended it. Okay, so he would shampoo the bench seat and the floor carpets, clean the windows inside and out, clean the interior doors and dash, wash and wax the outside and clean up the tires. This is hardly worth $160 but, I was already there and wanted it done. However, when I came back to pay I was charged $175! Do the math and they are getting $58 per hour if it takes them all of 3 hours. I get my 4,000 square foot home cleaned by 2 people for 6 hours for less than that!I told them no rush because I was not going to wait the estimated 3 hours on premises. It was 8:30AM when I brought the truck in for detailing. When I came back at 2:30PM they said my truck was just finished and they were about to call me.  Since they had taken 6 hours I expected a pretty good job. However,  I noticed that they did not do the inside of my Leer cap or the inside of the truck's bed! They said that was not included in the price! How do you call that a "FULL" detail? Since the carwash owner was standing there, they agreed to wipe down the inside of the bed.  Upon opening the door to get in I realized they had poured on some Armour All type sticky, shiny product which coated everything and was glistening. I swiped my hand over the dash and came up with a greasy film! Then I had to ask for it to be wiped off because it would was so excessive that it would attract dust easily. Then after getting home I took a closer look. You can see the photos of how they did my tires the same way with the shiny stuff and let it run down in streaks without even properly wiping it down.  What's more, the brake and accelerator pedals were not cleaned at all and were caked with dried mud. All this for a whopping $175 plus tip!? Never again.  I know custom detailers who would give a better price than Moonlight Car Wash and a true "FULL" detailing.
5	MY CAR IS NEW AGAINIt's just not brand brand new after having it washed and polished at Moonlight Car Wash.  The sweet smelling suds and efficiently designed sprays and brushes rejuvenated the pride of ownership of my ten year old vehicle.I just paid for the $25 Clean, Shine & Protect more than met my expectations. Maybe when it's cooler, I'll have Gina and her crew treat the old car with the $40 hand wax.They are open every day except for one day which is Tuesday.
4	Stopped in to get all the bugs washed off my car from my drive from Colorado.  I really like all the dense soap suds and that they were colorful like car washes use to be. Now when you go through car washes the soap is so thin, you know you're not getting what you pay for. They did a good job but after I left, I noticed my front panel where the radio and air conditioning buttons are wasn't wiped completely clean. I have been too busy to go back but next time I will look everything over a bit better before handing them a tip. Overall though, they did a good job...hence the 4 starz.
4	I've had several good washes at Moonlight.  I came to this location when it was owned and managed by another group prior to Moonlight.  I love the physical building, they have televisions inside, comfortable couches and chairs, and clean bathrooms.  There is the usual choices of sodas, snacks and the like.  Also, they are good about giving you free reign on the remote, more than once I've changed the channel while I am waiting.  In addition, and this is a nice bonus, Mountainside is right next door.  I will usually drop my car off and go have breakfast or lunch at Mountainside.  So, I usually don't wait, just get a bite to eat and it's time to leave.The washes aren't cheap, but they are thorough and of good quality.  Also, the prices are largely in line with what I've seen from other places in the valley.  Additionally, and this is important, they last.  My cars have stayed looking clean even after a few days in the dessert wind and/or heat.  We've had them get out a couple of minor scratches as well, and this always goes well.  If you live near Moonlight, give it a shot.
3	My husband and I took our truck "mudding" - (out driving around in the mud) and his truck was covered. I decided to surprise him and have his truck detailed since he has been working so hard lately. Because of the reviews I was really excited to see the finished product. When I first pulled up the system was a little confusing, some sort of signage for newbies like me could have been helpful. I walked inside and was greeted by someone that I had to ask "Do you work here" because frankly, I couldn't tell! Either way he was very nice and told me to pull the truck around the corner where he would meet me to discuss a price. I got back into my truck and met with the man (I never got his name!) where we had decided on $100 for a full exterior detail. For $100 I expect the outside to be shining. EVERYWHERE. My truck was washed and then pulled into the detail area. I waited for a little over 2.5 hours for them to be finished. It was dark outside so I could not fully see everything. I drove straight home and waited for my husband to see his surprise! In the dark it looked shiny, from afar. Overall the truck looks good. There was a lot of spots that were missed and there is still a lot of dirt on the underside, the rims of the truck and I was surprised at how much dirt there was in the crevices by the windows. I'm pretty sure a light spray could have fixed that. There were some spots when I went out this morning to look but mostly I was just disappointed by the dirt that was still there.I may go back again. I don't know. I probably wont get the exterior detail due to the price and the fact that someone who got the express detail $40 looked just as good as the $100 that I paid.
4	Okay so big problem...that was eventually fixed...Today, after working nights all week, my husband finally got to take a look at his truck and had found that Moonlight Car Wash had broken the sun shade! I was really upset because I have only ever driven his truck 3 times, (including taking it to the carwash) in the 3 years that we've had it - so I don't know much about the truck - and I just wish they would have told me! I was really mad. WAY mad. It's a good thing that I had a cooling down period because I was stunned with how unprofessional a business could be; break something and then just sweep it under the rug; um NO.Anyway, my husband and I returned to Moonlight today to let the owner know what had happened at his carwash and also how the wax job was swirly and there was still wax just hanging on in certain places that it shouldn't be. Immediately we were taken care of. The young man who directed me through the carwash in the first place spoke with the manager and we worked out something that both parties could be pleased with.They re-buffed my husbands truck and re-wiped it down so NOW, it REALLY SHINES. I was mad that they hadn't told me upfront about the damage to the sunshade but the fact that they jumped on the problem and just fixed it, redeemed them in my eyes. I would recommend Moonlight Car Wash because they will take care of you and your car.
5	$5 yelp check in coupon! They did such a good job. Nice inside area to wait, clerk was courteous and my car looked great. The even unscrewed my antenna and put it back On so it didn't get damaged. It would be interesting to see how they wash big boats cause apparently they wash boats too. I also saw and area for a dog wash there.
1	After spending $50 for a car wash plus a $5 tip, you'd think it would be at least good. We left & our car is still dirty. Can't complain to the lady working cause she barely speaks English. In today's economy, you'd think they would want to do a good job & please their customers especially when they spend $55 for a car wash. You will never again have our business! If anyone is looking for an amazing car wash, there is a Hispanic guy off lake mead, across the street from target that's $15 for cars & $20 for trucks inside & out.
5	Great service, fast and really nice people. The prices are pretty fair and they usually attach a coupon to the receipt to come back for another wash!
2	I gave this place plenty of chances but I lost hope. The owner is kinda nice. The cashier is ish.  And the most important part.... cleaning,....horrible.  I had to wipe down my car after they washed it. 25$ plus tip. I'm done going here. K bye.
5	Great car wash. After traveling cross country, my car needed some TLC. Great find!!!!
5	I honestly won't take my car anywhere else. Prices are comparable to other places and they do a MUCH better job! My black car had a couple of scratches on it, and the workers took the extra time to buff them all out at no extra charge! The waiting area is top-notch with comfortable couches and chairs, a kids play area, and TV entertainment that you can control if you wish. I would honestly recommend this place to anyone, and if you aren't in to waiting around, Mountainside Bar and Grill is next door, for beverages and breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
5	Best carwash in Henderson!   They always do a great job and their customer service is top notch.  I have 3 very hairy dogs and they trash my car on a constant basis.  Everytime I have it washed, it looks brand new again.  Thanks guys!!
1	This has nothing to do with the quality of the wash. But they said it would take 30-45 minutes to wash my vehicle (dually) because they had to do it by hand because it wouldn't fit in the conveyor.  It's now going on 2 hours.
5	This is by far the best car wash I've ever been. They always do their job properly. I have to admit it may take longer time if there is line waiting. Last time the guy there advised me to do a mini detail and he did a great job. I live in California but every time I'm in town I go to this place before I go back home. My car literally look new again it's like it had a spa.
2	Was very disappointed after seeing the good reviews about this place, the costumer service was great however the quality of the car wash was not good it was okay. Prices are okay but not the best I've seen. The cheapest they have is 10$ car wash with towel dry. Terrible's cheapest car wash is 6$ and does the same thing as this 10$ car wash just no towel dry. I did their 10$ express car wash it's a machine wash to give them a try. There car wash chipped my paint a little an did not fully clean my car. There was little black dirt all over my back bumper, could have been as a result from recent rain or from the machine car wash. Regardless it should not been there after towel dry. The towel dry was pointless and disappointing since they don't wipe the inside of your doors. There car wash doesn't blow dry your car after the was and so it has to be hand dried by them. I spent a good 15min drying my own car by hand after the guy towel dried it to get the spots he missed. He noticed the little black stuff all over my bumper and saw me scrubbing it off. He made it seam like it was tar from the street and that it won't come off unless maybe a wax. Which just seemed like it was a gimmick to sell me on the car wax. He also showed me another car that had just came out of the car wash after me it also had the same stuff over it. So pretty sure it was from the car wash. I just kept scrubbing my car and slowly it all came out. This should have been done by them not me. Waste of tipping money especially when they don't dry the wetness inside the car doors and car is still wet after they are done. Would not be coming back. And the 5$ off coupon is only if you do their expensive detailing.
