5	Today was a great day for social media dorks like me because The Gap partnered with Facebook using their new Places Deals feature. If you used the iPhone app or FB touch site you could unlock a special coupon when you check-in at the store.  To kick-off the program the deal had to be great... and it was. The first 10,000 customers got a free pair of jeans.So what that I'm on vacation?! I sure as hell ran right over to Caesar's Palace to score this deal.  When I got there they only had 3 coupons left, so I was very happy.That was easy part. The hard part was trying to decide what to get.  It's been years since I've bought Gap jeans.  According to them they've come a long way and are more stylish than before.  I'm not so sure that much has changed except adding a "wash" to make the denim look like it hadn't been washed.Anyway, I returned later that afternoon and someone came to help me after he saw that I was staring blankly at the wall of jeans.  He gave a brief explanation of a few things and whisked me back to the dressing room with a few options to try. In addition to a few boot cut and standard men's jeans, he also suggested some women's styles.  I have zero interest in wearing women's clothes, but I tried them on anyway.  Believe it or not, he was right about them looking pretty good. Unfortunately the pockets are really shallow and I just didn't see myself wearing them very much.In the end I left with a dark blue pair of 1969 Boot jeans and a smile on my face.  The coupon for free jeans was awesome and the staff here was really nice.
5	When I walked in my plan was not to buy anything! I wanted to save my shopping money for San Diego. I did really well in the kids department where I was looking with my friend who has kids. There were a lot of take an additional 50% sales there so my friend scored some cute winter gear for her kids. Then we went to look down stairs in the ladies section. My friend saw a good deal on basic tees for $5.00 . She kept telling me to get some but I didn't want to stand in a big line for it because it was not worth while to me. Then something caught my eye that made me want to stand in a long line ...sparkly flats! I tried to ignore them at first but I kept passing by thinking what if I don't get them today and then I never find them again! They only had a few left so I luckily found my size and purchased them for only $10.00 and what the heck I also got a plain gray long sleeved tee for $5.00. I love a great deal!
5	I like the Gap. And I know some people have an aversion to Gap, but I love their jeans. They're not severely overpriced, I like the way they fit and they last. This Gap is huge. I like that they have a large Gap body section with lots of active wear, an under garments. Shoes, belts, purses, jewelry, whatever you need to complete an outfit! The only thing about this gap is it's kinda far, it's deep into the forum shops near Nike town and cheesecake factory.
4	Third GAP trip, three different locations, in three days. I love finding deals and just walking around a mall. The high school kid in me still enjoys casually moving from store to store, but now I have the income to buy whatever I want. I came here a few weeks before and found some nice shirts, but this visit was less successful. I left empty handed. If I added up all the times I have visited this store and what I have bought, the consensus would show a detriment to my wallet and a progressive decrease in closet space. I am still leery about whether this is a good or bad thing. All I know is that this store is huge and has a quick turn around rate of product. Each time I come in, it has something different.
4	We went to the Gap at the Forum to look at the GQ line. Lara, the sales associate, was incredibly helpful. She took jackets off the mannequin for my fiance to try on and when he said it didn't fit right, she put it right back on the mannequin without giving us any attitude. She helped him find pants that fit and gave us helpful comments on whether certain pants looked better slightly baggy or if it was better if it was a closer fit. He is thrilled with his purchases.
