1	Forreals This place SUCKS !!PROS- *None Apply !CONS- * super crowded with tight parking lot * 2 pumps that I tried to go to just happen to be out of order * dirty dirty dirty * Courtesy Window Cleaners did not have water in them !! * Trash was overflowing  * Drive thru Car Wash would not take my crisp $5. Bill !TIPS-* Don't come here.* Go across the street (face East)... there's another gas station!Seriously, I will never come here again.  This place was hideous.  I was already irritated when I couldn't pull up to an operating pump.  Then to find that I couldn't clean my windows because they forgot to put water in the tray??  What the heck!  So instead I decided to just get a quick car wash at the drive thru... Are You serious??  It wouldn't take my $5.00 bill (which was new as can be)!  While I had trouble, the cashier went out back and watched me while her fat a** smoked a cancerstick!  I had to back out at an angle and almost scratched my rims !  This place SUCKS.  Hypothetically speaking...if my car ran out of gas at this station, I would walk to another gas station to fill up my empty gas container than buy gas here.I give this place a 2 Fingers up (and no those aren't my thumbs)!
3	This place is dirty ... But the people here are chill and it's cheap gas... I guess if your expecting something nicer...You probably should not come to ARCO.. This place is always packed.. And it's a tight squeeze You always see the cashiers outside smoking or hanging out with thier fiends and coworkers ... But they never give you attitude or keep you waiting
3	It's a convenience store...it's nothing special nor horrible.  I will agree that the parking is very limited, with the gas lanes very tight and normally busy.  I am not crazy that you can't just pay at your pump, but that you have to go to a separate terminal in the middle, select your pump, pay there (an additional $0.35 charge for debit and credit) then have to come back afterwards for a receipt, especially when this place is always packed!Now...it's packed for a good reason.  The gas is always at LEAST 15 cents cheaper than the one just across the street, and normally 25 cents cheaper than the majority of the ones close by on more major cross streets.I haven't been inside other than when the one time the pay station wasn't working and the service seemed fine, so I can't really rate the rest of the location yet.
2	Has a dirty bathroom that you need a key for.  A driver's worst nightmare!On the plus side, the gas prices are cheap.It's far away from highway and there's a long wait for gas.I probably wouldn't come here again because it's so far from the highway unless I was in the area.Cash only.
