5	I've been coming to UB Fit for the past month and a half now. My main goal wasn't to necessarily to lose 30 lbs, but I wanted to tone up and  look good for the big day. Jen easily put me on a diet plan that works with what I generally eat, minus fried foods and sweets. She definitely makes me work out hard and each session is always a great session! We did measurements our first session and we did measurements again, because I was getting discouraged with the scale weight. Luckily these measurements show up to 2 inches lost in some areas to 1/4 inch in other areas. My significant other has lost 10 lbs. They have their own private studio so that you aren't training in front all these body builders like at the gym. Jen is easy to work with and she has a partner Wes who is friendly as well. I definitely recommend going to UB Fit to tone up/lose weight and just feel good about yourself.
5	UB Fit changed my life.  Last summer, after a fantastic Carribean vacation with a good friend,  I decided to quit smoking, quit the idiot douchebags I'd been dating, and switch the focus on ME. Hiring a personal trainer isn't cheap but I can think of nothing more important than your HEALTH to spend your $$$ on.  I see Jen 3 times a week and I look forward to my sessions with her. Jen is an amazing trainer.  My workouts are never boring.  Jen mixes in cardio, weights, bootcamp and even pilates to my workout regimen. I am stronger, leaner, energized, happier and let's face it...pretty badass.  I'm doing things I never thought I'd be able to do!  If you're ready to get serious about your workouts and don't want to see one of your gym's "trainers" (I use that word loosely, especially in Vegas) then Jen is your girl!!  She will whip your ass into shape!!
5	Jen is awesome. She never has to stop and think about what exercise to do next. She can work with multiple people at a time and keeps the workouts running smoothly. Sometimes I think she is trying to kill me but it's definitely for the best! I love that she has so many different exercises for each muscle. Things I have definitely never done or seen other people do. I always feel like I got my monies worth when I leave there.
