1	If you're looking for competent, friendly, local service on your loan, DO NOT GO HERE. You're better off dealing with the Indian call-center representative of a giant bank, because at least then you know you're dealing with someone who has an excuse for coming off like an idiot.These guys are a waste of your time, I'd rather have had my eyelids removed without anesthetic than endure the hassle I went through here.
5	When I decided to buy a new car, I knew that my first step was to get pre-approved for a loan. I scoured the Internet to find the bank or credit union that was offering the lowest rate. If you've recently purchased a car, then you'll know how terrible rates are right now. I visited Deer Valley Credit Union's web page and saw that they were offering rates as low as 5.5% (based on credit, term, LTV, etc...). Since that was the lowest rate I could find, I decided to submit an application. I drove up to the location off the I-17, and submitted an application with Jennifer. She was very friendly and made the process very easy. Unfortunately, because I arrived so near to closing, a decision wouldn't be available until the next business day. When the decision came back, I was told that while I had a great credit score, my history was a little light for their guidelines, so I would need a cosigner. Not a problem, I happen to have two parents with phenomenal credit, and a robust history to back it up. My Dad called Jennifer and submitted his information with my application. She soon called back to let us know that we had been approved, and would need to stop by the branch to sign off on the loan. Unfortunately, that same day, my Dad suffered a detached retina, and was scheduled for an immediate surgery. This clearly left him unable to visit the branch with me, anytime soon to sign paperwork. Shortly after, my Mom called Jennifer to replace my Dad on the application as my cosigner. She called back again to let us know that we had been approved, but since she was scheduled to leave early that day, we would have to close with someone else. I gave her our time frame, and she said she'd make sure to have the paperwork ready for us so that we would be in and out quickly. When we arrived at the branch, Jennifer unexpectedly greeted us in the lobby and told us that she had decided to stay late so she could make sure that everything was completed quickly and correctly. I was so impressed by her prompt service and attention to detail. She really made the whole application and closing process easy, and I'm so glad that I went to Deer Valley CU for my auto loan. Unfortunately, I can't vouch for any of the other employees or representatives (had minimal contact with anyone else); but if you're looking for financing, do yourself a favor and call Jennifer at Deer Valley.
5	This is hands down this is the BEST bank I have ever dealt with and the only one I will do business in the future with unless I am left with no other choice. They gave me a 72 month auto loan (used truck) at 6% interest when I was 20 years old with little credit history. They took great care of me then and still do today. I used DVCU for several personal loans over the years, all of which came at reasonable interest rates. I also have the Platinum Visa through them, again, best interest rate on ANY of my cards, and the only one that didn't skyrocket during the 2008 financial crisis. They have always taken my side when anything looked funny in my account fraud-wise and they backed me up when I overdrew my checking account when I was stupid in my early 20's. It really seems as if they care and value my business, minimal as it is. I trust them to take care of me and even when I was abroad, they advanced me money from my credit card (which I didn't have on me) while I was in the Dominican Republic when I lost my Visa debit in the ATM (that was a scary moment). I will most definitely look to them when it is time for me to purchase a home and also when I want to start a Roth IRA or any other services I may need. I will look to them first. Another thing I love is how they monitor my account activity. Twice since I've had my account with them my Visa number was compromised. They handled it quickly and efficiently and got me a new card within a day or two and promised to refund any money that may have been missing (there wasn't any). When I originally got my account, I lived in North Phoenix but now that I live in Central Phoenix it is more of a drive to do business in person (I always did much of it online anyway). But it is a telling statement that I am willing to take the freeway to North Phoenix to do business with them before I open an account at BofA or Wells Fargo across the street from me. Seriously. I believe in customer loyalty and banking locally, but these guys make it so easy for me to do. Their tellers are friendly and competent and their managers and loan officers seem to really want to get you going. They worked hard for me and so I am loyal to DVCU in return. Great place to bank and do business.
