5	Great place, great french food hosted by a young lovely people.  BYOW makes the cost of the meal more reasonable so you can splurge and try some of the excellent  and varied fairs on the table d'hote or a la carte.  Make sure to make reservation, this place is always booked solid.
5	This restaurant is a true hidden gem on our little Island.  It is small and you are treated like family when you dine here. I was not sure if I should write this review, it is already booked ahead of time and reservations are strongly recommended - the more people know about it... The harder it will be for us "locals" to get in.This is not a commercial franchise style restaurant, they basically have 2 "seatings" and this historical dining room (the old Viger house living room) sits about 30 people.  It is a true pleasure and the quality value is outstanding.  if this restaurant were in Old Montreal, you would be paying double the price and it would already have some major write-ups!BYOB as well - added bonus!!!Well done!Eric
3	Nice simple place, good food - but not clear on why there is such a long waiting list to get a table. It's not that earth shattering...
5	I would give 5 stars to this hidden gem.Have gone several times and never disappointed.The chef is from Alberta and really knows how to cook the meat dishes.Personal and intimate atmosphere.Have to reserve ahead....we reserved 2 months ahead for the Christmas get together.
5	Finally a great restaurant with excellent service and you could bring your own wine.
5	This is by far the best restaurant we've been to and believe me We've been to many. The young couple come from N.B. and are absolutely fantastic, both as chef and guest receiving. The food is out of this world and their specialties ( on the chalkboard ) include soup or salad, choice of 3 main courses, dessert and coffee or tea all for about $40. It's a BYOB as well. Reservations are a must and once you go, you'll know why. This is a 5 star rating as we've been many times and have never been disappointed.
