5	For the service they provide (expertise, speed, professionalism, courtesy, etc), these guys are the best deal around.  They take the time to wrap your furniture appropriately, they put down runners to make sure they don't ding up the floor boards, and all the other professional-type services you would expect from a top-notch moving company.  The difference to me, though, is two-fold:  they are inexpensive compared with their competition and they seem to have fun with their jobs.  Make no mistake, carrying ridiculously heavy things up stairs isn't fun, but these guys keep a light-hearted spirit throughout the day.  Can't recommend them enough.
1	Richard Gross came out to give me an estimate to move only, I am doing the packing, for approximately 3000 sq ft and he said it would take 19 hours!  9 hours to load and 9 hours to unload.  He said he thought I was telling him how to do his job that he has been doing for 27 years and being very defensive when I told him Armstrong Relocation made 2 stops and delivered to current house in one day and he said "then call Armstrong or City Wide because I wouldn't touch this move with a 10' pole."  And then he just walked out with a smirk on his face!  Richard Gross was extremely rude, disrespectful and very unprofessional.  He gave me a price of 4 men of $150/hr and the nice gentleman I talked to on the telephone previously gave me a price of 4 men of $135/hr.  Richard also wanted to charge me well over $1,000 for boxes.  It amazes me how a company can have such a rude, disrespectful and unprofessional employee deal with customers.  Beware of the price differences.  I wouldn't use this company because of how rude, disrespectful and unprofessional Richard Gross was to me, a prospective customer.  I hope his boss reads this posting.
1	These guys were the absolute worst movers my family has ever used, and we have moved around quite a bit.   They completed the move at a snail's pace yet still managed to damage much of our furniture, including chipping our daughter's month-old bedroom furniture in several places.  They also dropped a box of our dishes resulting in every single one being smashed.  Many of our other goods were also chipped or cracked.  I can't imagine a worse moving experience.   If you value your stuff DO NOT use this moving company!  I only wish I could give them zero stars.
1	Check out Matthews Moving Systems BBB profile before using them.  They have numerous complaints of insurance fraud.  They destroyed two expensive pieces of furniture, denied my claim with a vague email, providing no proof and never answered my call again.  Russell Matthews, the owner, and Michelle Matthews, the "office manager" disappeared after I left voicemails with questions as to why I would not be reimbursed for the insurance coverage I paid $500 for.  They were never heard from again.  They are grade A scammer and it is a shame they call themselves a "family business".  DO NOT USE THEM!!!
4	These guys were fantastic to work with. They moved us from Ballentyne to Third Ward with two stops in between and knocked it out quickly. The movers worked together as a team and managed to not damage anything. Polite, polished and professional. Finally, they did a great job moving my piano up to the second floor without a scratch. Thanks!
