5	The Nevada Ballet Theatre presented "The Nutcracker" at the Paris Theatre. An amazing performance that I highly recommend to everyone!
5	I really liked Brave New World and I am looking forward to their post nutcracker season.  They seem to have a modern vision which I really love.  Plus there is nothing cuter than their bikes and ballet.
5	I attend this theater as an adult ballet student. They are the ONLY dance studio in the city that has an adult only ballet class. Other studio want to shove you in with their older teenage students. Ummm...no thank you, my ego does not need that. The instructors at the Nevada Ballet Theatre are professional, friendly, and very knowledgeable.  The classes are a good price and you get your moneys worth. Taking a ballet class has become my way of re-centering myself and this is my favorite place to go!
4	I have been to several of Nevada Ballet Theatre's programs at UNLV, but this was my first NBT Studio show.  Tonight's program was called "Beyond Word and Text" and featured 5 works choreographed by members of the company.  During the 5 dances, these young people showed their amazing talent whether through the choreography or the dancing.The Studio Theatre is an intimate room.  These shows will now go to CLark County Schools as part of the arts in schools program.  The next studio series will be at the Smith Center in the Spring of 2012 when NBT moves to the Smith Center for the Performing Arts.
4	I saw the Nevada Ballet's rendition of the Nutcracker at the Paris Hotel last week. The dancing was great and the sets were nice, but I've never been a fan of shows where the story is told solely through dance. Just give me a few words... can I buy a couple vowels please? Some singing -- whether or not from live performers or pre-recorded music -- would enhance any show. I know this show is a popular tradition around Xmas time for many, but it's not one that I want to partake in often. It is a well executed show, but just not my cup of tea. Still, it's a good show for what it is.
5	.....28miles drive ONE WAY to NBT 6X a week with 4 children plus a friend (3 high schools & 5th gr & 7th gr. )  with different schedules is worth it! Instructors are truly professionals and knowledgeable and caring.  The front office staff are equally fabulous.  This school is a  NO Fantasy and Disney Land type of school.  Gives no none sense and  realistic Ballet, Jazz, Tap dance instructions/classes & empowers students develop their highest dance potential thus resulting to great shows, fabulous dancers and college scholarships. On top of that - NBT is a resident performers of Smith Center for the Performing Arts. The only ballet school in the State of Nevada who has a ballet company which is something younger students may look forward to.
1	I have had several people tell me the quality of the dancers is nothing to brag about. Ballerinas struggling with more than one pirouette on pointe, choreography that does not match the music, sloppy technique. After seeing "The Nutcracker" at the Smith Center I would have to agree with all of the above. The dancers really need some discipline and lots more practice!
4	As many who have read my reviews already know by now: I am gay. (Sorry, Duckarmy.)With that being said, and being no subject matter expert on ballet, I thoroughly enjoyed the NBT's brilliant rendition of The Nutcracker. (YMMV.) Before taking in their excellent performance -- at Reynolds Hall in The Smith -- my only experiences with ballet consisted of watching Black Swan (motion picture, not actual ballet), and the first season of NBC's Smash (fabulous!). Moreover, I also read somewhere that ballet was beneficial for American football players or something (even the 'straight' ones).Cannot really think of anything else. (You get the point.)Nevada Ballet Theatre did a stupendously talented job with The Nutcracker. I applaud, encourage, and laud their performance -- the one I attended -- in the 2013 season, in addition to their continued efforts to make our valley a bit less duckish. Next year, I will make it a point to go to another, but this time with the accompanying orchestra! Oh, bravo! Bravo, cry I once more for thee. Bravo. - E
5	Looking for a place to enroll your child (or yourself) in a dance class? Well, look no more! I've enrolled my daughter here since fall of last year, and she LOVES this place. They're really sweet and helpful here. Although you can't watch your child in their dance class, they have observation week! And I'm okay by that! I actually think it's a great idea. Anyway, tuition is pretty affordable. And as long as my daughter is happy dancing, I'll be enrolling her over and over in her classes :)
