2	ARGHHHHHHHHHH   We only ended up here cos it was listed in "Montreal's Top 25" guidebook.  (Do people who write these guide books actually eat at the places they review?!!!!)   Dont bother going to this place - cos if you walked a little further up, there are tons of better looking places with better looking food.The service here was slow.  They took FOREVER to take our orders.  The food was not worth waiting for.  The soup of the day felt so thin that it was as if someone had just poured water into a pot of leftovers.  You could get better sandwiches off a street cart in New York.   They took FOREVER to give us our check.  Nuff said.  ARGHHHHHHHHHHHDont waste your time here.  We hopped onto the subway to find this place because it was on the recommended list.  Dont do it!!!   We did and we regret it till this day...........
3	I personally cannot agree with the earlier two reviewers of this place...I thought the food was quite good. I highly recommend the quiche and I have it on good authority that the sandwiches from this place are much better than NYC cartfood...I guess it all depends on your expectations, this place is French, not typical American.I recommend this place for breakfast or lunch...wouldn't really want to come here for dinner.
4	I was staying at hotel a few blocks away. It was our first night in Montreal and it was beautiful. We came here and sat on the terrace. I had a smoked salmon panini and it was delicious. The meal came with a large salad as well. The food wasn't the most amazing ever, but it was good enough and really it was the atmosphere that I enjoyed the most.
3	My wife said the brioche wasn't genuine and was in fact just pain au raisin. Either way it was OK. But not mouth watering. We had crepes as well...which were...well crepe like. Pretty hard to go wrong with this stuff. The cafe au lait was very nice indeed though. Service was quick and the waitress very pleasant. A good place to go for a snack and a coffee, but nothing special. We were a little disappointed as our guide book said this was the best brioche in Montreal and we kind of went out of our way to get here.
3	I have been here a few times but admittedly not in a couple of years.  So Yanik might be right that the quality has gone down in.  That said, this place has been my go to spot for croissants and coffee when I'm in Montreal.  I am very picky about my croissants, they need to use only butter and lots of it.  No margerine.  Good ones are hard to find.  So I would go have my croissants and coffee and read the local papers.  I cant speak to the lunch menu.
4	Their buckwheat crepes are fantastic  - huge and delicious. You  won't leave this place hungry!
4	Their crepes are amazing, coffee is delicious. A place I visit regularly in Montreal. Nice atmosphere. I love to sit and take my time when I go out, my family is typically European, and Ive never experienced a problem with the wait staff. Would not come here for dinner however.
2	Walking down St. Denis is an experience within itself.  You might get swept up in the romance that is Montreal and innocently assume that all restaurants on the street are going to be delicious and serve quality cuisine.  This is not always true.  Sure, the atmosphere helps, and the cafe diners on the front patio appear to be enjoying themselves.  But, once you taste the food being served, you may not be sold.They serve fresh squeezed juice, so everyone at the table ordered it.  Not realizing that we just spent almost $20 on juice even before ordering food.  The fabulous looking bread and pastry counter is not filled with items made in house, but made elsewhere.  Instead I was served a decent croissant, but nothing worth mentioning.The worst part of the meal were the buckwheat crepes.  We had buckwheat crepes a few days before at a different restaurant across the street and loved them.  So, we thought that experience could be continued at Brioche Lyonnaise.  We were mistaken.  The room temperature, floppy sponge crepes given to us were not fresh and had barely any fillings.  Nor were they served with a side of anything appetizing to try to make up for their mistakes.  The chicken inside of the chicken pesto crepe was cold and dry, and barely any cheese to soften the blow.   I simply could not eat the dish, and everyone else that the table felt the same about their dishes.  The worst part is that the brunch for three people was $70 CAD.  It was a tragedy!
2	Meh, it was okay. Not the best food ever but not terrible
4	I might be being generous, but the crepes hit the spot after walking all over old Montreal. Crepe, salad and cold local beer. Outside sitting, people watching on St. Denis. Stayed for a pastry and coffee. All were very good.
4	Pastries, sandwiches,light lunches. Terrasse outside behind patisserie. Late evening treat seekers beware; virtually nothing left by then.
3	An OK spot to stop for breakfast. I'd say everything about it was pretty average.*Food (in our case an omelette and a savory Chicken Pesto Crepe) was good but not great. I think the omelette was probably the better choice here - my boyfriend seemed to really enjoy it. The buckwheat crepe, which is apparently what they're known for, didn't really do it for me. Also, skip the breakfast potatoes. These were bland.*Value - prices were a little high, but portions were very large. Two people with normal appetites could probably split a plate. If you're a full grown man you'll probably be able to tackle one on your own. *Service - very friendly, but not overly attentive. I'd maybe come back here if I stayed in the area again...but only if I couldn't find a better alternative.
1	Never have I walked out of a restaurant refusing to pay because of bad food. NEVER. Until now.We were in a hurry so stupidly decided to just go for lunch in the first non-chain restaurant we found on St Denis. BIG MISTAKE. I sort of blame myself as if I had actually looked at this place more clearly I would have noticed how grimy and dirty the outside was. It was also completely empty despite there being hoardes of people in local competitors.Service started out a bit weird. I asked if they had iced coffee (not on the menu) and the server replied: ''I could make you one I suppose''....Odd. Anyway, I ordered an iced latte as well the french toast with fruit and my bf ordered the croque monsieur.I went to wash my hands and noticed how dark and dirty the corridors leading into the kitchen were. The bathroom stank!! Then I saw someone, who I later found out was the manager, walking from the storage area to the kitchen with my french toast in a see through plastic bag. I then saw him put it in a microwave in the grotty kitchen. $11. French toast. MICROWAVED?!Stupidly, I gave the restaurant the benefit of the doubt and didn't say anything. My iced latte arrived. It had espresso, and cold milk, topped off with HOT FROTH and NO ICE. Seriously? Not only is that disgusting, it's also dangerous - hot and cold milk should never be mixed. When I worked at Starbucks this was the first thing we were taught - never accommodate any customer who wants hot foam on an iced espresso drink. It tasted horrible and the server seemed confused when I asked for a mug of ice to help make the drink actually, yknow, ICED.The food arrived. The french toast was as gross as it looked in that plastic bag. It was soggy, flat and worst of all - STALE. the watermelons that came with it would have needed a steak knife to cut. My bf is NOT a fussy eater, but took one bite into his sorry looking croque madame (think microwaved ham and cheese on white bread) and said ''do you want to just leave?''. We were both that appalled. We eat out a lot, and have travelled a lot, eating in all sorts of restaurants, and this was the first time either of us ever left any restaurant anywhere because we were so disgusted with the food quality.What was most interesting was that neither the servers nor the manager were particularly shocked when we said we were leaving and refused to pay. They didn't even protest, offer us anything else or defend themselves for charging $11 for microwaved french toast. After asking us for a bit of clarification, they simply said ''sorry, ok'' and shrugged their shoulders. I think that says a lot - I got the impression we were not the first customers to have done this recently.AVOID AT ALL COSTS. We really should have just gone into the Subway next door.
