2	I'm pretty sure I will never come here again... It seemed really barren, floors were dirty, and it was extremely dusty in here! I did one lap around the store and left to get what I need elsewhere.
5	After a day of lousy customer service by Century Link it was quite refreshing to have an employee go out of their way to provide service! I had made a purchase at the store and ordered a desk. About a half hour after I left the store I received a phone call from Morgan, someone turned in my debit card and she remembered me and researched and called to tell me. Thank you Morgan!
2	Walked in today to browse around, then se something interesting. A laser printer for $50. Looking around there were no associates to help. Walked to one if the registers to ask for assistance and was told the asst mgr would help me as soon as he finished bringing up the furniture. So while waiting for him, I browsed more selections. And after about 5 mins he showed up, asked if I still required help and then stated if I can hold on for a couple more minutes so he could get me a specialist. That threw me for a spin a bit. U would think the asst mgr could help me a bit before just sending me back out to wait. I can see that customer service is not a priority in this establishment. If it was, you would think that I would be assisted somewhat while waiting for the so called specialist. Unfortunately he just walked away. 20 mins later and still no one, the asst mgr came back up to me as I finally walked up to me and asked if I was helped. Nope, no one helped me, not even you. He apologized and then stated sorry, maybe next time. Really, next time, are you serious. Why even bother, if no one knows what's happening in the store, especially the asst mgr.
5	Great customer service! I sent the wrong file over and they had already printed the incorrect file. I contacted them with the correct file and they fixed my issue with no questions asked. Thank you!
1	I've been there once, yes it was empty, deserted, not an associate in sight except one cashier.  Several customers walking around with no help helping them, were the associates hiding or making bets in the back to see who needed help.  What a barren place!  I wouldn't be caught dead coming back here.
