5	Please, someone tell me, how does this place even post a profit. Ever?I live down the road and since I was a child I had never heard of Kohl's.  And when came in down the road, it was described to me as a cross between a Dillard's and a Mervyn's.  This didn't bode well for this new establishment. I was pretty sure I was going to buy socks, and maybe underwear here, and call it a deal. Boy, was I wrong.The first time I knew I was missing out is when my wife bought me a bunch of clothes (yeah, my wife buys some of my clothes. I admit it) and I started wearing them and they weren't just very affordable, they were also very much my style. Casual, generic, and comfortable beyond all description. I had to know what this place looked like in person. It had to have tossed clothing racks, rancid dressing rooms, horrible service. DAMN! Foiled again. Now, I am writing this review about 5 years after this place has been around so this is about 4 years of experiences at this location. The racks are always, for the most part, clean and tidy. The organization is methodical and predictable. The clothes are a very good bargain. I am not talking super high end stuff for a good price. I am talking proprietary clothing at an outstanding price. Generic silk screen shirts, sturdy jeans, quality socks. This isn't Rodeo drive people, but they do have some nicer clothes that I have purchased for interviews and weddings. Good clothing, period.This brings me to the price. I guess I don't know the first thing about running a large chain of retail clothing. I will admit this. But how can you throw down $150 worth of clothing on the check out counter and after red tags, special discount days, mailed coupons, Arbor Day, and just because discounts, I am paying around $85. I don't think Kohl's sells surplus clothing like Costco and Sam's but if it is then I truly can't tell. And however they do it, I don't care. The prices is how this store earned that extra star on the end. I will go back for pretty much everything short of suits and scuba gear.I can't end this without talking about the staff. Always friendly and knowledgeable. The returns are lenient if you just are happy with your purchase. They will give you a little good conversation while you are checking out and they really keep the store in good shape overall.  Bravo.
4	This place stepped up.  I had a suit that was about 1 year old and the fabric ripped after wearing it for the 4th time. Took it in the manager swapped it out with a new suit that was equal to the price. They did the right thing and it was awesome. Took care of the local customer. We will be back
3	Located inside of a shopping plaza, this location has all of the standard offerings for the chain. We meandered through the store for a bit and purchased a frame to give to my wife's parents. The overall store is well organized, but there were spots that seemed a bit chaotic and in need of a little attention with a mix or items that had been randomly placed here and there. Not a-typical of a retail store since people like to grab things and then decide not to get them and drop them where ever, so not a big deal.The most well organized section was the kitchen / housewares area, but it didn't seem to have a lot of the same sales or deals that were happening in the rest of the store. After seeing everything we wanted to look at, we headed to the cashier to check out.  We waited in a short line and the cashier was semi-pleasant.  Asked about the return policy since this item was a gift and were told "they never care, you can return it whenever." Seemed like an odd answer, but we'll take it - no offer or a gift receipt or anything else. Not a bad stop, but not the best location for this chain that we've been to. Definitely a three star, "A-OK" spot.
1	Yesterday was my first visit in this specific store.  I went back to homegoods where after picking up 2 rugs, 6 placemats, 4 pillows I decided I needed a cart. As I'm struggling with full arms to the front of the store an employee walks right by me, looks at me out of the corner of her eye and just keeps going!!! She never asks me if I could use help or offers to grab me a cart. Later as I go to check out I go to a cashier and ask her if she is open and she replies "I suppose," and then proceeds to start up her register.  She is rude the entire process, never makes eye contact, acts like she'd rather be anywhere but working at Kohls and then tells me to "take care" as I'm leaving. I spend well over $200.00 and receive the worst customer service ever. The employees act like spoiled brats. I don't think I'll ever go to that specific Kohls again which is ashame as I live right up the road (just moved in to our new home) and I have lots of money to spend! Their loss......
5	This place is so dope. They have stuff you can purchase. Like a lot of stuff. It's a store with consumer goods. Sweet old lady working the register, shout to Sally! Work that check out girl!
1	Every time I come here, there is a line a mile long and only 2 cashiers- wait in line for a longer period of time than I do shopping!  No one ever acknowledges the lien, or the length of time it takes you to get thru the line. If I didn't have gift cards here I wouldn't continue to re visit
