5	Christie (the owner) has a FANTASTIC concept in what she has created with Express MiE.  The passion she brings to dance is definitely what sets her studio apart from others!  I've known Christie since the pre-studio days...back when she hosted pole-ah-tease and lap dance parties at her house.  I am so excited that she has expanded and now owns a full service dance studio! When I was first invited to check a class out, I had no idea what to expect...and was definitely a bit nervous.  Pole dancing?  Eek!  Coming from a self-proclaimed "non-dancer"...I had a blast!  Christie and the other teachers understand the "first timer" jitters, and have you forgetting about them in no time.The new studio is....well....GORGEOUS.  It is apparent a lot of time and energy went into creating the space, as each room seems to fit the type of dance taught perfectly.  In addition to the dance studios, there is a "lounge" where you can hang out with the girls after class.  Oh did I mention girls only?  That's right ladies....let those inhibitions run free!Lastly, for those of you that are skeptical of the actual "workout" you get...the morning after I tried the lap dance class I woke up with a body screaming for an epsom salt bath!  This is a great way to add some variety to your workouts.
4	This place is BEAUTIFUL. It just exudes femininity. The classes are really cool and sexy (well some of them are sexy :). I've taken the burlesque, hula hoop, stretch, salsa pump, Zumba and GI Jane classes. They were all really fun and all women which is so awesome. Christie has created a really wonderful place for women to exercise, make friends and feel good about themselves. Do yourself a favor and try out a couple of their classes!
5	Express MiE is a great place for women to have fun, be sexy and feel confident. Christie is very personable and a great teacher! If you have to exercise.. why not dance! They offer pole dancing, hula hoop, burlesque, baliwood, and much more!
5	I've taken 4 classes at Express MiE and LOVE the place. As a matter of fact, I'm going to be signing up for an unlimited membership today. Loved the Hula Hoop class... btw, a heck of a lot harder than it used to be when I was 6, and I had a couple small bruises the next day  :)There are so many kinds of classes, much more than any gym I know of. I can't think of a better way of getting my body moving after years of slacking on the exercise front!Another thing I really loved is the friendliness of the staff. You know how you can sometimes detect a whiff of superiority in a fitness center or gym? There was no pretentiousness at all here. Very nice.I'd recommend MiE to anyone, but especially if you're a little gun shy about going to a gym. It's more pricey, for sure, than a gym but has so much else to offer. There's also an introductory price for the first month unlimited so it's easier on the wallet to try it first...
4	This place is pretty cool!!!  They offer a great variety of fun/sexy dance classes for all women and all levels!!!  I have done drop-in classes a few times and each time, all the staff in there has been awesome.  They even have a little boutique!!!  Fun, fun, fun way to get exercise!!FYI...they can be a little hard to find.....their building is located behind the strip mall.....you have to drive behind all of the buildings (wildflower bead co, steinmart..ect)  to get to it!
2	I hate to have to do this, since I appreciated the chance to check this place out courtesy of the Yelp Ladies Appreciation Day.  The studio itself is nice and the staff were friendly and welcoming.  I received a tour and the bathrooms and studio were clean. Now, anyone who knows me knows that I LOVE to workout.  I LOVE to sweat.  I workout for over an hour 4 times a week and longer on weekends.  I can run 12 miles no problem and do so most Sundays.  However, I'm not the strongest or most toned person in town, so I do like to try different classes to mix it up and work my muscles.  Hence my excitement when I saw the description for the GI Jane class here.   I love words like "intense workout", "burn mega-calories", and "hard core workout".  It gets me all excited inside.  And I was excited, until about 10 minutes into the class when I hadn't even started sweating yet - yet alone burning the "mega-calories".  The energy wasn't high and the pace of the class was slow.  When it ended, I felt like I needed to go to the gym and get a real workout in.  Talk about false advertising.....I can see where those who like dance-y classes would love this place, as most of the classes seem to incorporate some form of dance.  That's where Express MiE should keep there focus - since other reviewers seem to be pleased.  Following the class, Sarah G. (just realized that was you!?!) inquired about the instructor's qualifications.  Turns out she has no fitness certifications, just a "dance background".  Exactly my point....stick to what you know.  I realize this place is just not a good fit for me and my fitness routine, but if you're looking for a more low key workout incorporating dance then this is most likely for you!
5	I just started here after purchasing a Groupon deal for a discounted month membership. So far I love it!  I'm taking the Club Mie Girl classes and the Goddess Body Boot Camp classes. The instructors are super nice and understanding that some people like myself are just extremely uncoordinated and don't have any natural dance rhythm.  Some of the classes are more of a workout than others.  Some focus on toning and strengthening, some are more cardio based, and some are just fun.  Any one you take will undoubtedly be burning some calories at least, its just more of what you want to get out of it.  I would recommend trying everything to see what you like.  Some of the classes were not what I expected them to be but I was usually pleasantly surprised.As for finding them, their website is really helpful if you just click the "Where is Mie?" link on the side.  It made it very easy to find for me
5	This studio was created by women for women - their dance and fitness classes are SO much fun and inspire a positive and healthy self image while helping you work out in a fun and creative way.  They have classes to fit every body type and dance style and all of the instructors and welcoming and hilarious to work out with.  As an overweight woman I have never felt more confident and comfortable at a fitness center!  The ambiance is relaxed and promotes inner beauty while helping women realize that every body type is beautiful in its own way.  Their pole dance classes offer that something extra and novel that combines working out and recreation in the best way!  You can't go to Express Mie and not walk out feeling like the sexiest women alive!
3	I've tried 5 different classes here ranging from hula hoop dancing to their famous pole dancing class and I always have a great a time!!  The "Yoga Booty Ballet" is one of the best classes and you get to laugh at yourself the whole time doing silly dance moves and shimmying in the mirror!   The instructors are fun and I always left with great, positive energy and a smile on my face. None of the classes are much of a workout - they might get your heart rate up slightly but don't expect these classes to replace a gym membership.  Plus, the dance classes are only 45 minutes long which always go by so super fast!The classes are great fun, but it isn't really worth the drive out to Tempe.  If they opened up a Phoenix studio, I would probably attend a few classes a month just because they make me so happy!
5	Express Mie has gotten me through the most challenging year of my life and will continue to be the highlight of my week.I can not begin to describe how express mie has changed so much about me for the good. I'm not talking about the outside, which has improved, but I'm talking about heart and soul. Express Mie has given me the highest self esteem I have ever had in my life. I have never felt more beautiful or confident than I do now because of Express Mie. The instructors are the coolest people I have ever met. They make you feel so comfortable. They are so nice and have great senses of humor. I can't decide if the instructors or the actual classes are my favorite part!!!I took the dance fitness classes before I started taking pole and they were very amazing! I didn't even notice that I was getting a good workout because they were so much fun! But, I have to say that the best part about Express Mie is the pole classes. I used to think "Woah. . . pole? Isn't that a little. .  . crazy?" Boy was I wrong! Yes, us girls get a little crazy in class, but the actual class is so amazing. You learn dance moves that are beautiful, challenging, and fun. I've never felt better about myself and that is because of Express Mie.
5	I've been attending classes at Express MiE for a few months now and I really love it. I don't think I've taken a class I didn't like.My favorites so far have been Nia, Yoga Booty Ballet and Glee with MiE. But in all the classes, the vibe is positive, it doesn't matter if you don't get the moves quite perfect, and it's just simply a lot of fun. Some classes are definitely harder than others. Dance Sculpt will get your muscles burning and I took a cardio class that included running, jumping rope and a gazillion squats. So there really is a class for every girl out there. If I'm looking for a more intense workout I just take two classes - they're only 45 minutes each so two classes won't eat up too much of your evening.They change their schedule every six weeks or so so there is always something new to try. And all the classes are scheduled online so it's easy to know what's coming up and keep track of what you sign up for.If you're looking for a fun way to workout try this place out. It's way more fun than a treadmill at the gym.
5	I looked into Expressmie because my boyfriend suggested I should. One year later, I have been taking their pole dancing classes and loving it. I look forward to going every week. When I miss it I feel blah. And when I don't want to go because I feel down, somehow going always makes me feel better. You get a good workout, your with women that embrace you as a strong smart beautiful woman yourself and it is jsut a great feel good place.... GO GO GO.. And don't be embarrassed. We all started at the beggining. Plus my self esteem is ten times better then it ever has been. I finally feel my own worth.
5	I have taken a bunch of classes here and love it! I have danced my whole life and found that it is fun to finally find a place that is relaxed. No competitions or dance recitals, etc. It is just fun to dance and work off the calories in a very relaxed and friendly environment.
5	I am obsessed with Express MiE. OBSESSED.I live right down the street and never knew it existed. It's a little hard to find if you've never been there, but so worth it when you do.I found  deal on Living Social for an intro pole dancing class and thought why not? It might be fun. It was tons of fun, I met some awesome girls, and am now in their Level 3 pole class as well as taking several of the other dance and fitness classes on the side.First of all, the staff is phenomenal. Their customer service is great, and they are more of a friend than an instructor. They are very laid back and make it SO easy to sign up for classes and are always willing to chat and answer questions. They also respond to emails very quickly, so feel free to e-mail them with any questions.Secondly, the classes are FUN. They are unique twists on things like ballet, zumba, and yoga, mixed in with some cardio dance and fitness classes focusing on specific body parts. And of course, the pole dancing. It's super sexy but in a VERY classy way. we all have a great time each week!Lastly, there is just a great feeling every time i walk in there. I can't help but smile and meet new people. Everyone (staff included!) is happy to be there. It's a very relaxing, non-judgmental environment which you really can't find at all dance studios.They have great deals for new customers too! It's definitely worth the shot.
5	In the last year I have gained an amount of weight that I don't wish to disclose, but in getting involved with Express MiE it has helped me to find my self confidence and female sexuality, which was lost for quite some time.The Boot Camp Classes are amazing in helping you melt off the pounds. If that's what you are looking for, which was only half of my goal. The Pole Classes helped fulfill the second half of my goal which was finding my self confidence and feminine sexuality. I feel good about myself in so many ways. This establishment is great place to not only work out, on different levels but to find a great supportive group of women that will be come a part of your life. Whether you do daily, weekly, or monthly. Thanks to you all at Express MiE!!!
3	I really like the vibe of this place, the instructors are super fun and the ambiance is welcoming. They have a great selection of classes and some really unique ideas, HOWEVER...for somebody who's in fairly decent shape I would not call these classes a hard workout.  First they need to be an hour not 45 min since almost 20 full minutes are spent stretching and warming up at the beginning and end of each class.  If they could extend the class times and find a way to really amp up the workout I would spend more time there.  If you're looking for something fun and low impact this place is great, for the hard core I think you'll be disappointed.
5	A friend came to town and we decided to try "Intro to Pole Dance" together for fun.  As of the time I write this, I'm now into "level 8," do not miss a class, and relish my "MiE" time with newfound friends in a classy, safe, and fun environment.This week, I've talked nine girlfriends going to an intro class with me as a GNO (all who are probably sick of hearing how much I love this for exercise, friendship, and finding my own little inner sexy).  I'm so excited to share the wealth.  All of the employees and, of course, the owner, Christie are super adorable, fun, fabulous, females.  Give it a try!  :)
5	Express MiE is truely a place where women can go to either find their inner sassy & sexy selves or feel more confidence and peace with one's self through the various classes available.   With a blend of dance, individuals can take 4 classes for just $30 (1 hour each) like Yoga Booty Ballet, Glee with Mie and so many others.  The classes do vary month to month.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.I'm currently taking Level 1 Pole class and loving it.  Speaking with other women that have taken pole classes at other gyms/locations.  MiE is like no other. Yes, there is a pole, and you do get to learn how to spin on the pole correctly and safely vs. just for fun so you can show off at the bars to the boys.  A Pole-A-tease class is offered for only $30 and is a great way to enjoy a girls night out.  I wont' give all the secrets out on what happens in our classes but it's a blend of dance, mediation and stretches    I can tell you that my body is benefiting from greatly and I will continue with the pole classes in the future.  So if you really want a different way of working out and feeling healthier and gain maybe some self confidence , try some of the classes at Express MiE.
5	All I can say, is I LOVE IT.So many amazing workouts, classes it is hard to choose! Everything to whet your palette from Zumba to Burlesque to NIA and Bollywood, I just keep coming back.The members are pretty fab-u-lous too!I look forward to my classes everyday and throughout the week. This place is so positive with so much to offer I just keep going back! I had to take a break for a month or so due to an injury that kept me from dancing and it was the most miserable 45 days ever. I was just so excited to start up again and get back to it with all the lovely ladies over here :)
5	I discovered Express MiE by way of a friend's mother who got us an Intro to Pole class for Christmas.  I enjoyed the class, but I wasn't quite ready to take the plunge in to pole dancing yet.  Instead I purchased 10 Club Mie classes, which are 45 minute drop-in fitness/dance classes.  There is no skill required, no prerequisites.  To respond to some of the reviews about the classes not being a good workout: some of the Club MiE classes were more fun and choreography (Glee, African Beats), others were a more relaxing, slower burn (Stetch MiE, Burn by Candlelight) and others were a pretty good workout (Awkward Dance, Dance Sculpt).  For a new member, you can pay one low rate for a week of unlimited classes, then you can find what classes and instructors you really like before signing up for a full month!When my 10 classes were up, I decided to sign up for Level 1 Pole-ah-Tease.  I LOVED it.  Each level is 6 weeks long, then you graduate to the next level.  I have a lot of fun during each class, which is like a weekly escape from the rest of my life.  The classes are constructed to build self-confidence and all the girls cheer each other on.  It's a great atmosphere.  Sometimes I wake up the next morning sore like I'd had a great workout, other days I barely felt it; but EVERY day was a fun class.  I am about to finish Level 2, have already signed up for Level 3, and am totally sure I'll continue through Level 7, or 8/9.  Now if I could find somewhere at home to put a pole!Sometime soon I hope to participate in the 3rd program at Express MiE: Lalalicious (formerly Dance-U).  These are also 6-week long courses that focus on different areas of dance like Hoop Dancing, Burlesque, Ballet, Bollywood, etc. and teach a choreographed routine by the end of the session.The 4th and newest option is Twirlesque.  These classes seem to be a combination of the last two: 6 weeks long, choreography based on different styles of dance... but with a pole!  It doesn't even matter what you do- just stepping inside this studio feels good.  Every instructor is friendly, Christie (the owner) is awesome, all the members and dancers build relationships with each other, and the place just has a good vibe.
5	I've gone to this place a number of times with groupons, and always had fun. This is really a wonderful place for anyone who feels awkward in any way about working out. The teachers are really nice and friendly, and the range of women attending classes is great. All ages, all sizes, introverts and extroverts. I'm not the best at coordination and i screw up the dance moves all the time, but i feel ok doing that. The teachers will try to help me; the other ladies will screw up too. There is such a positive energy there, no one is really judging. As proof of this- I happened to be in a class where an older lady had a bit of a gas attack. Everyone just ignored it. Work at your own pace, they really encourage it. The teachers are really great about answering questions or offering alternatives if something is too hard for where you are at personally in your fitness, or if you have an injury to work around. The prices are a little bit higher or else I would go there non-stop. But I definitely think that it's worth saving up to go. The location can be tricky to find at first as it is kinda at the back of a shopping complex, but after you know where it is at, it's nice that you are a bit hidden when you are super sweaty. Since it has set class times, you are usually leaving with a group of ladies, so i've never felt there was an issue with safety. They do have a fee if you miss a class without canceling, but they are super nice and will waive it if you just explain it. The classes range from sweaty workout to fun dance, so i recommend doing an unlimited pass if possible and sampling a range to find what you like. I personally love burn by candlelight as a soothing pace, but great workout. The main thing I love about this place is the energy and positive attitude.
5	I discovered this place on Groupon.This place is great. If youre looking for a break from the usual workout routine, atmosphere, and pressure go here!Christie has put together a wonderful group of fun, knowledgeable, positive women who teach some of the funnest classes Ive ever taken. I love the variety that Express Mie offers: Wanna try your hand at tap or Burlesque? Theres a class for that! Need to tone your booty or arms? Theres a class for that too! Just wanna get your heart rate up and try out some yoga, ballet, or even bollywood moves? There are classes for that too!! Some of my personal faves have been the Bootylicious class, Glee w/ Mie, Yoga Booty Ballet, Tap, and the intro to Pole.The scheduling is super easy too!Not sure if Express Mie is the place for you? Check out their website and look for "Sassy Mie Soiree". Go!!!
5	Suffer through their god awful website/scheduling system.  It's worth it.  I've taken a few dance classes here (from pole dancing to hooping to yoga booty ballet) and they have all been a blast.  Their instructors just have a light about them.  There's a huge focus on self-love and fun and I swear you come out of these classes just sparkling.  If it weren't for the sweat, I'd hardly even dare to qualify it as a workout (workouts are not supposed to be THIS MUCH fun)!
5	Trust me, you won't regret signing up for a class here!I ditched my membership at the gross, smelly 24 Hour Fitness down the road when I discovered this place. I originally came here for the Pole Dancing classes. I signed up on a whim and after the first class I was hooked! The Pole-Ah-Tease classes are fun, sensual, and anyone can do the moves. I'm now on Level Four and I have seen every shape, size, and age in these classes so if you have any fears about your weight or age just don't even worry about it. The classes are very personal and they are fairly slow moving so you have plenty of time perfecting each spin and dance move. Also, the lights are dimmed so you aren't even able to see anyone's imperfections. ;) I wouldn't really consider the level one and two Pole-Ah-Tease classes "fitness" classes per say because you won't really break a sweat. They are more like "self discovery" and "learn to love yourself" classes. Once you get past those levels you will notice your body will become a lot more toned and you will quickly learn enough moves to be able to pole dance to any song!I've seen some reviews on here from women who say that the Club Mie Girl classes are too easy and not a good workout, but they obviously have never attended a GI Jane or Zumba class with Kathy. OMG these classes are insane!! I have been into working out and fitness since middle school and I've never had a better workout before. Your body will ache for days after every GI Jane class. However, they do also have a wide array of fitness classes and some of them are fairly easy. If you're not looking to break a sweat I would recommend the Pole-Ah-Tease Core class or the Stretch Mie Real Good Class.The studio is extremely clean, It smells good, and they have cute decorations. Overall, I love this place because I actually look forward to coming here to work out and I used to dread my workouts at the other gym. :)
5	Oh my goodness you have to go! Get ready to be extra Sexy!My friends took me here for my bachelorette party and we had an amazing time.Kathy was awesome and made us feel so welcome. There were five of us in which each of them teamed up on a pole and I had my own...that was fun! We learned a little sexy routine and did some fun pole work. I must say the next few days I felt like I had been lifting weights but it felt great! ***I don't advise doing this the night before your wedding as you may be sore.*** Unfortunately for me I live out of town but if I'm able to do a drop in class I would so take advantage. I even bought the little shorts they sell. I had on tights with a t-shirt and they were perfect over my tights and super cute! I never knew how much work it took to do pole work and this class helps you get there. If you've never done it, don't go in expecting to be sliding down the pole upside down but rather some fun little twirly type movements that are at your (my-beginner) level, but still so much fun.As a Zumba instructor I plan to add this to my workout as soon as I can find a studio as good as Express MiE where I live (Bay Area). Honestly, I didn't get the dirty night club feel but more of a sensual, sexy workout  which you can also use at home. I'm rather sad I moved because this place rocks. Seriously, you have to go...for me. Please! Oh yeah, the music and lap dance movements were good so much fun, you can def try at home.Have fun,~Future Bride to be...
4	I attended my first class here before this place officially opened, and I've been coming back for 4+ years. Love their dance fitness classes. I've only been disappointed by two - one instructor that had no rhythm but hasn't been there for about two years, and another (So you think you can dance) class where we learned part of the Thriller dance. Not exactly what I thought I'd be doing, and a little disappointing to that end. I've finished the first two levels of their pole class, and have enrolled for the next session. It is a little spendy, but so much fun. Class sizes are super small, so you get a decent amount of both feedback and time on the pole. Christie is awesome, instructors are awesome (super bummed Kathy left!), and the place is a blast. I am often uncomfortable in "social" situations where I don't know anyone (to include group fitness classes), but this place really draws you in and makes you feel connected.
5	I used a Groupon for the Intro/Teaser class with 2 other girlfriends and we had such a blast as first-timers! There were 9 of us including the instructor, Jasmine, who was perfectly beautiful, talented, fun, funny, energetic, and encouraging. She made me feel comfortable and outgoing in such a foreign activity. We got to take a mini dance home to show off to bfs/gfs/partners/whoever! The 3 of us are totally hooked!
5	I took a lap dance workshop here after being in the great lingerie shop ( love and lace) that is attached to express mie. I heard clapping and cheering and women of all ages/ shapes/ sizes. The workshop was fantastic and not scary at all. I had major anxiety before the class started. I never in a million years would have considered taking a class and now I can't wait to go back. The staff is so fun and helpful. I am so glad I had such a good experience. My confidence has been boosted in a way I didn't know I could  have.  My husband sure was happy about the confidence  and moves too!!;)
