5	My place of choice for eye brows! Reety knows what goes with your face, I've never had a bad experience!
5	I live 1 hour away from this place i gladly drive 1 hour for an 8$ thread. Because it is so worth it. Reeta does it perfect! !  I have never gotten a better brow job than here.
5	Thank you a fantastic job it's a little hard to find it is directly next to the ranchers supermarket and they do a really great job cheap and fast
4	Thanks to a conversation, with Irene V., I am no longer a threading virgin!I've waxed my brows for years, she pushed me to try threading, but lamented there was nowhere in our area to get it done. I remember seeing Preety in this shopping plaza, and told Irene I'd check it out.I walked in on a Saturday afternoon. Dipty (who I believe is the owner) was there. This is the 5th location, open about 2 months, and the only one on the east side of town.The salon is clean, but a bit barren and lacking personality. But I wasn't there for a ritzy or pampering experience, I was there to get my brows in shape!Dipty went right to work. It takes about the same amount of time as waxing, but is far more accurate, less painful, and causes less irritation. (And I hear it will take longer to grow back. Bonus!)Her service was professional and friendly, and I'll definitely be back!Glad this place opened in the neighborhood!
4	What a wonderful beauty addition to our neighborhood. $8 for eyebrow threading ! No appointments required, debit cards accepted and the customer service is just darling. 10:30am-7pm *every day* of the week. No excuse not to look stunning :)Hair removal is focused on the face. No arm, leg or [gasp] bikini area here. Henna tattoos are available as well.I've always been a proponent of threading over waxing. The accuracy level is off the charts. Hair can be removed on a row by row level. (No risk that wax is going to accidentally spread.) Guys: Don't feel left out. You too can partake in the fun. Come in to have your sideburns cleaned up (perhaps while you're having man brows weed whacked down.)Preety is located in the same shopping center as Sprouts (and Angry Crab!). HUGE thanks to Arana W. for tipping me off on this insider beauty secret. Simple, efficient and just like the Indian salons back in Jackson Heights, New York.
