5	Took the wife on a night on the town, then ended up spending the night in a Jacuzzi suite at the newly remodeled Comfort Suites in Tempe. The room was clean and quiet, the remodel had brought this 80's hotel to the 21st century.  New LCD TV's with great Digital and over the air programing. The Jacuzzi was partitioned but left it viable for Movie watching, perfect fit for two. There are many places to stay near Sky Harbor, but the remodeled Comfort Suites is top on my list.  Complimentary Breakfast including Eggs and Waffles was great too...
2	When I arrived at the airport, I called the hotel for a shuttle. We were at the rental car place (within the airport) and had to take a shuttle back to the terminals so they could pick us up; a little inconvenient, but it was okay. When I got to the terminal, I called again. it was 4:08 pm. Bree, the front desk clerk, said that the shuttle should be there in 15 minutes. At 4:42, I called back. She immediately said, "oh yeah, he should be on his way. It got really busy here, I am sorry". I said fine. At 4:57, my colleague called back and Bree admitted that she forgot to call. Ugh! Bad experience in and of itself.When we get to the hotel, Bree was speaking with someone who looked like  manager. The manager never spoke to us, apologized, or offered any consolation for Bree's neglect. Bree did apologize profusely, but never offered any reconciliation for her neglect- no bottle of water, not even asking us to help ourselves to the free cookies or SOMETHING. By the way, the lobby was EMPTY, so.....not sure where this huge rush came from that caused her to completely forget about us for an h0our. Oh, and it took the driver only 7 minutes to get to the hotel!!!!!!!!  The room was smelly. Obviously plenty of people have smoked in that smoke free room. There was grafitti on some of the hotel items. Housekeeping forgot to come to my room the 2nd day (my last night).  There is no restaurant, but if you order from the Italian restaurant off site, you may spend a little more than you'd like, but their service was AWESOME! Sad that places like this don't realize how important the customer experience is, especially when I can get online and let the world know what a crappy experience this was. Plus, I am a customer service Trainer, so I will definitely be using this experience as what NOT to do.On the positive side.......uh....err.......well the lobby is very pretty.
5	I stay at this hotel whenever I come to the Phoenix area for business (about 3x per year). I had a few issues with my stay this time, but their willingness to achieve customer satisfaction will keep me coming back! On the first day of my stay, the shower was uncomfortable cold. My coworker had a room at the hotel and her water was luke warm, at best. Maybe it was peak shower time at the hotel? Either way, I did not have this problem the following day (and any other time I had stayed there). The most frustrating thing about my stay was that the internet was not working at all. I could not do work on my computer. The first time I called the front desk, it was later in the evening and no one could help me. The next time I called, I was given a tech support number, but no one was there to answer. Very, very frustrating. When I checked out, I let the front desk employee know that I was not satisfied with my stay this time, and that I would like to speak with someone about a partial refund. She (I believe her name was Ariel), said that she could help me. And she did. I greatly appreciate the customer service at the Comfort Suites, and I look forward to my stay next time. This hotel is always clean, they have a nice breakfast, and the staff is friendly. A+.
5	My husband and I stayed here this last weekend and it couldn't have been better.  The bed was so comfortable!  The staff was nice and professional.  The hot breakfast in the morning was yummy.  We swam the pool and soaked in the jacuzzi during our stay.  We were in town to take a tour of ASU with our daughter, who is looking at colleges for next year.  We've already decided that if she does attend ASU, we will definitely stay here whenever we visit.
5	LOVE THIS HOTEL! My husband and I stay here EVERY year for vacation. Super comfy beds and quiet hotel. Granite counter bathroom with nice shower. Big flat screen TV perfect for the hubby. Spacious sitting area that I converted into my yoga area. Continental breakfast has a good variety of hot and cold foods. Coffee and tea available 24/7. Friendly staff plus housekeeping is cleanly and thorough. All around, great hotel!
5	This hotel was beautiful. We stayed while we were in town to see Wicked. The hotel was easy to find and the location was great. We were close to good and the venue. We were both happy with everything about the room and the hotel staff.
4	I stayed four nights at this hotel. I don't think you would ever have to eat a meal anywhere else if you didn't want to.  I arrived at 5 pm in the evening and they were serving meatball sandwiches, a variety of salads, bottled water and other items.  Breakfast consists of eggs, bacon/ham, hash browns, toast, juice, coffee, yogurt...... you get the idea.The rooms were very clean and the beds were comfortable.  The pillows were just right (for me) and there were plenty of them.  It's also close to the airport.Here's what I didn't like:1. The wifi is free, but very slow.  You can pay $3 for 24 hours of faster access.2. The selection of television channels was very limited.  There is an HBO channel.I would stay here again.
2	This place was ok at first; nothing fancy, you get what you pay for. But the front desk girl was quite rude/socially awkward. And the air conditioning stopped working at night making it extremely hot. Overall, I was quite disappointed. I'll never stay here again, I'd rather pay a little more for bare essentials of air conditioning as well as friendly customer service.
5	We stayed here again this past weekend and once again, they get 5 stars from me.  Everyone was extremely nice.  The beds aren't fabulous, but definitely better than most places I've stayed at...not too bad at all.  This place is always very clean and the breakfast was yummy!  My daughter will be attending ASU starting this Fall so this place will soon become our home away from home.
4	I will be honest, when I pulled up, there was a security guard and a police officer.  Not a good start.  But the room was exceptionally clean, tons of pillows.  Solid TV with FOX News and HBO.  Far exceeded my expectations; especially for the price
5	This hotel was pleasant from the moment we walked through the front doors. The front desk clerk was friendly and helpful. Our rooms were ready and next to each other as requested in our online reservation. The beds were comfortable. The rooms were large with a comfortable sitting area and a nice workspace. Lots of plugs for our 4 phones, 2 computers and an iPad. We didn't have to compete for charging time! The breakfast was typical, in a good way. Waffles, eggs, shredded hash browns, bacon or sausage, boiled eggs, plus cereal, muffins, yogurt, oatmeal, etc. Three kinds of coffee: bold, regular, decaf, plus hot tea and three juices. Lots of room to eat and move around- the area wasn't an afterthought. We will definitely stay here again when visiting family.
5	The staff at the front desk are very pleasant professional and accommodating to our needs. We have stayed here many times and will continue. The rooms are cool the bed is comfortable and the lighting / couch area is perfect. Always happy to return.  From Oceanside , CA
4	We were looking for a place close to the airport to enjoy the last day of vacation and see the sun a little before coming home.We made reservations here and we apparently were not alone.  They had a line out the door at check in time awaiting everyone to check in.That said it wasn't terrible and we finally got our room.  The room was comfy and it did have a small pool which we checked out the following morning prior to our jaunt to the airport.  All in all a good location and plenty of nearby restaurants within driving and walking distance.I'd give it a try again.
