4	This is a great place to stay in the Chandler area.  However, a few caveats: if you have a room with a connecting door, you can hear the person in the next room through the door. Also, my room faced the basketball court where the ball was occasionally bouncing sometimes late into the night.  The hallways are a bit sterile and could use some artwork, and Foxnews was usually playing in the lobby every morning (I guess it's hard to find a neutral cable news channel these days). The positives are that the staff is friendly and helpful, all areas of the hotel clean and safe, and the rooms are very comfortable. There are two flat-screen televisions -- one in your bedroom and one in the kitchen -- and the free breakfasts and dinners are convenient. The dinners included Shock Top beer and California wine. There's also a pool, and the hotel is close to the nearby shopping mall, a public golf course, and a variety of restaurants/bars.
4	This is a great, new property with an excellent staff.  I had no issues with "thin" walls nor Fox News.  I asked them to change the channel and they offered me the remote.  The food is great as is the location.
4	This hotel was awesome! I'm used to cheap motels, so I was super impressed. I came here with a bunch of family members for a trip to Phoenix over this past Christmas (we took up four rooms) and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Each room we had had a kitchenette including a fridge, microwave, mini electric stove top, coffee pot, dishwasher, and plates/silverware/glasses. The bedroom was separate from the kitchen/siting area (which included a hide-a-bed couch). Breakfast and dinners were included, and while the food wasn't the best, it was definitely convenient for the large group issue. Fox and CNN were the programs most often shown in the morning, one on each TV, and the front desk staff were always willing to change the channel if you requested it (my brother and I commandeered a TV to watch Mythbusters one night- awesome!). Housekeeping was a little weird due to the holiday, but we never had any issues getting fresh towels or more soap. There are also laundry facilities on the property- big plus for me, since I really dislike traveling with dirty clothing. My brother was a fan of the fitness room- he said the equipment was pretty new, well maintained, and that there were bottles of disinfectant available to wipe down handles of the eleiptical/treadmill.
4	New property with friendly staff, clean rooms, comfy beds, and good location near shopping. Only negative is that it doesn't carry all of the TV channels I like, that's important to the business traveler in me (eh em...Disney channel *cough* get it *cough*).
5	Very clean, amazingly beautiful inside and out, and what really won me over was the staff. They were so friendly and always had a smile on their face. And to top it all off, one of the housekeepers left me a note that said, "I hope you have a great weekend". How amazing is that? It totally made my day.
2	I'll start with the positives.  The staff have all been friendly.  The room is new but small.  This has to be the noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in.  I can tell when I walk that there is little soundproofing and I feel like I'm stomping.  The noise from up stairs is so loud that it feels like someone is parked outside our hotel with a loud stereo with bass set to high.  Unfortunately, we can hear people all the way down the hallway walking from inside the room, and from rooms all around us, not just above us.  Not to mention the freeway that's about 200 feet away.I was thinking that I could alleviate the problem next time by staying on the fourth (and top) floor but....The hotel allows smoking in some rooms, and they're all on the fourth floor.  We are on a non-smoking floor without a smoking room supposedly near us.  The room smells of smoke.  Call the front desk, and they were nice enough to send someone looking for whoever is smoking, but told us that the vent system is interconnected and smoke is going to get in our room.Speaking of the smallish room for a suite, there is only one bedroom which is in the master bedroom of course.  So if you have kids or someone else staying with you, don't expect any privacy.They serve a dinner Monday through Thursday which looked quite good for hotel food, but we didn't partake.  Unfortunately, the breakfast was horrible.  We all thought the eggs tasted like the instant kind, though they may well have not been.  The selection was scrambled eggs, premade omelettes, some kind of ham, cinnamon pancakes and a waffle maker, along with yogurt, cereals, etc.I'd never stay here again.  If you don't mind the smell of smoke and can sleep through anything, I guess this is the place for you.
5	Decided to stay here due to it's proximity to a concert venue.We, my girlfriend and I, were pleasantly surprised with the motel and the neighborhood.The parking was abundant and relatively secure.The free continental breakfast was unexpected and wasn't bad: apples,bananas,coffee, orange juice, milk, cereal, donuts and some porridge type stuff.Being that the motel is located in Chicago, the traffic on the street (N Ridge) was constant and noisy at times. Bring earplugs or crank up the heater/AC for some white noise.The rooms were fine. Reading a previous critique of the motel, you may want to keep in mind that loose change on a table or nightstand is a common method of tipping housekeeping. If you don't intend to tip, keep your change out of sight. That's common motel/hotel sense.
5	This is the ticket. This place caters to business people during the week and lowers their rates on the weekends. It's a very nice fully furnished studio apartment. A set of four utensils and plates, pot and pan, ice maker, and all the usual hotel stuff. It's great.  extras like a list on the fridge if you need them to pick you up anything from the store, reading library, free Sunday newspaper. And the breakfast, let me tell you about the breakfast... Lots to choose from, well stocked and fresh. This place feels well kept and nothing feels overused or gross. We were able to bring leftovers home and not waste a ton of food. I will be on the lookout for homewooda wherever I stay now.
