4	Oh man this hit the spot on a hot day in Vegas.I had the Banana, Whipped Cream and Ice Cream Crepe.  It had a tiny bit of chocolate syrup and I asked for a few almonds.Pure heaven.I just wish they had more options to put in the crepes.
5	Wow...what a great treat.  This place is cool.  I wish they had more locations.
3	Nice, large, soft crepes. I got the strawberry, whipped cream and cheesecake crepe.  They put the cheesecake in the microwave to heat it up but it was still cold and hard when I ate it. To be honest, there was too much cheesecake but the crepe itself was pretty decent.
5	I don't know what to say about the other reviews. When I went here I had gotten a chocolate, strawberry, whipped cream crepe. It was so delicious. The perfect treat after a long day of shopping and walking.
3	This place seems to have left the reviewers unsatisfied! Seriously, they mob up expecting a gourmet crepe as if they copped it from a cute creperie in paris about to watch the sunset on a romantic cruise down the seine river...It's a food court stop...at a mall... in the middle of the desert. These things are loaded w/ice cream, strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, sprinkled w/ power sugar n drizzled with chocolate. A sweet dessert infused with calories. It's ok, you've already lost the weight battle back at the bar, the buffet, room service... w/ that overpriced box of stale cookies at the mini bar that everyone warned you not to touch because the room will charge you...*whispers* It has sensors.I finished the whole thing with no regards to the many nights spent at the gym trying to get a bombacious bikini body.Your Homegirl,Violy
2	I was craving something sweet so my daughter and I opted for a crepe. Now I wasn't expecting anything super exceptional. The crepe was ok and in the end a little too sweet but then again that was my fault because I ordered something with apples, whipped cream, and ice cream. I had to tell the cook to go easy on the ice cream. Customer service was substandard but then again what do I expect? Not many options at the Fashion Show Mall Food Court to choose from any way. Overall not my cup of tea.
3	This store is situated inside the Fashion Show food court. This place has actually been around for quite sometime. While this is a Japanese franchise, the presentation of the crepe is French- style. I ordered just a plain crepe, it smelled yummy. The girl who took our order twirled the crepe perfectly. It has a faint vanilla taste which was wonderful, I only wish it could've been sweeter. Crazy Crepes offer an assortment of crepes done with fresh fruit, custard or just whipped crepe & syrup, and crepes with salad and deli meat inside!
3	For a mall food court option I have to say Crazy Crepes is pretty good. I like them. I mean they must be doing something right to keep a business going in a place that must have exorbitant rent.I like my crepes with ice cream, Nutella, chocolate sauce and whipped cream. It's very sweet. It's supposed to be very sweet. I think I may have been here over a half dozen times in the last year. I usually get the same thing. I think my bf has tried ever other sweet concoction they have on the menu. Every one of them was a hit but I think he liked the Nutella and bananas the most.As for the service, I really couldn't say. It's food court restaurant in a mall. The cashier takes my order and my crepe gets delivered. Their attitude may not be the "most bubbly smiley" service ever but I don't think I've ever experienced any rudeness.
5	The goods:  Never had a crepe that wasn't for breakfast.  Delicious.  Strawberries, chocolate syrup, ice cream and whipped cream.  It was my little slice of heaven for the day.
4	They have a wide selection of dessert crepes in the food court of the shopping center.  We ordered the Strawberry-banana custard.  It was large enough to share but small enough to eat alone if you want to indulge.  The batter was good and overall perfectly warm and powdered, drizzled with chocolate sauce.  I really wanted to try the blueberry or strawberry rare cheesecakes ones too...  :-(   If you're shopping or grab a bite in the food court make sure to try out this place.
4	This is by far one of the best crepes that I've had and I think it's a decent price. I always go for the strawberry banana whipped cream and add nutella. The crepe texture is exactly how I like it...not too eggy, not to crispy...a nice light crepe cooked well with a little bit of stretch to encase all of the filling. The strawberries and bananas are always fresh and they never skimp on the fruit, whipped cream or nutella, which is a huge plus in my book.I was between a 4 and a 5 on this one. My only gripe is that it always takes forever and a half for them to complete my order. But you can place your order for your crepe and order your actual food and come back to find it ready for you to pick up. :) I guess that's the good thing about it being a part of the food court at Fashion Show Mall. Now leave me in peace as I savor what's left of my delicious crepe!
4	Owned by a nice and friendly korean lady, Crazy Crepes spits out some good tender and fluffy crepes.  The boo and i got the banana creme pie crepe, which came with whipped cream, bananas, caramel sauce and a scoop of cookies and cream ice cream.  The combination worked extremely well.  I didn't expect a food court shop to make good crepes but i was surprised.  I will definately go back to Crazy Crepes located in the Fashion Show Mall when i return to sin city.
2	I really shouldn't have expected much, but here is my review anyway.  Coming from SF, where there are creperies everywhere, I guess that I've just been spoiled by good crepes- and Crazy Crepes just didn't cut it.The crepe was soggy, the fillings were meager, and overall, just "meh."  I had the strawberry custard with chocolate and it did not satisfy my dessert craving.  At just about $6, it's not really a deal either.Notes:-They serve milk tea also.
3	I went here because I haven't had a crepe in a while and I had a craving for it. I gave it 3 stars because the crepe I got was not as crispy as I would like it. Instead, it was kind of soggy, but it was still edible. They have all kinds of choices, but if you order something not on the menu, they charge extra. For instance, I ordered a strawberry nutella crepe, but they charged my an extra dollar since that wasn't a menu choice and so the strawberries was considered an add-on. The funny part was they had a similar item called strawberry and chocolate cream, but I wanted nutella haha. Anyways, a good place to go to for a snack that will fill you up.
5	So good!
3	I ordered the caramel banana crepe. It was delish after I scooped out a good amount of whipped cream. I'm wondering if I would have paid less if I asked for less way less whipped cream..
5	I really enjoyed the banana strawberry crepe with cookies and cream ice cream super good and huge! :) their menu selection is good and Is great for a sweet tooth!
2	Savory crepe selection was tiny and my smoothie ended up being a slushie. Better crepes elsewhere.
3	Their crepes are FAT!!! lol!! I'm use to crepes where you can actually hold it and eat it but theirs are not. It did satisfy the crepe craving we were having before I show though. The workers were real nice.
3	Having arrived much too early for Fashion Show, we decided to grab breakfast at the food court.  Not a great selection for the morning, but there was Crazy Crepes, and being big fans of crepes in general we decided to partake.  Pleasant girl behind the counter greeted us and took our order for a Hot (Nutella) Chocolate & Banana and a Chocolate & Almond crepes.  5 minutes is all it takes for us to get the order.The lifeblood of a crepe is the pancake.  My personal preference are the very light, almost melt-in-your-mouth type with crispy ends.  Here, it's just a tad too thick and chewy.  There is also a hint of the flour taste, which sort of kills it.  Nutella and banana combo is a can't-miss, so despite the imperfect wrap it was decently satisfying.  The chocolate & almond was okay, they give you a lot of almond which is great, but I just don't think these ingredients are quite complete enough to make a full crepe.  It needed that extra ingredient - banana would be perfect - to even out the sheer amount of almonds that overtake your mouth.So, a decent but not great creperie.
5	Ordered a banana Nutella whipped cream and a banana Nutella almond crepe. Both were good, with plenty of filling- maybe a but heavy on the almonds in that crepe but it's hard to know how much of each filling someone will want, and I didn't specify the amount. The basic Nutella crepe is $4.95 with an additional $1 for each additional topping/filling; except ice cream which is $2 extra. They have ice cream crepes, hot crepes, and savory crepes; and boba smoothies. I wanted to try the Thai iced tea or lychee flavored boba drinks but at $5.95 each I didn't think it was worth it for me especially with all the calories I was already consuming. Definitely will return when in Vegas again.
