5	We used Catered Cocktails for our outdoor wedding reception/BBQ for ~200 people. Jennifer's communication was very quick and everything was very thoroughly thought out. She was very accomodating and flexible with our requests. Her team's execution was flawless and her drinks even better!! Most of her business cards were gone by the end of the night because the guests wanted to hire her! Would definitely have them back. Thanks, Catered Cocktails!
1	Although Jennifer was cordial and a pleasure to do pre-planning arrangements with (ie: how many of this/that, what we need, etc.) I was not very impressed with how she conducted business on our wedding date. Our wedding was 150 people, in Beaver Dam, and in my parents back yard. I supplied everything for them (aside from mixing utensils). My father expressed concern regarding underage drinking and over-intoxication. I understand he had requested that IDs be checked for those appearing to be underage. This is not an unusual request and was part of the reason we'd hired a bartender to handle alcohol rather than have a liqueur buffet. However, requesting the ID of my grown, adult guests repeatedly throughout the night became an issue. By "became an issue", I mean that myself, the groom and our parents were receiving countless complaints from our obviously-adult guests that they were being refused service at the bar or they felt as though they were treated rudely. A specific situation would be she requests to see the IDs of my grandparents (they're 70+ years old) or our aunts and uncles who are well into their 40s. In fact, looking back at my guest list, there were 16 underage children (not teens) at the wedding. The issue persisted throughout the evening, concluding in my father and the groom having to tell her to ease-up 3 different times. I understand that we hired her and her colleague for the better part of the day. I understand that we hired them both over 2 mealtimes. I made it a point to pass-the-word along that vendors were welcome to help themselves to a plate of food before the caterer left. However, I did not expect that she would serve herself food prior to all of the guests eating and seat herself amongst them. That was not professional in the least. I didn't notice it, but my guests did and they've brought it up to me numerous times. Biggest issue that baffled me was her telling guests (my bridesmaids, groomsmen, and our parents included) that we were all out of various sodas and other alcohol by the end of the night; however, when cleaning up the next day, we carried 20+ 2-liters and 10+ bottles of alcohol out of the ice trailer.  We did not run out of a single thing other than cups. I do not understand why she would tell people we were out of those items. A specific example, we bought a ton of diet soda because there were 3+ guests that are diabetic. One of those guests approached the groom at around 10p stating he was told there was no more diet soda. We had some; we're still finishing 2-liters that were left over today. She refused service to one of my dearest friends while the groom was ordering her a shot. We bought a special $50 bottle of gluten-free vodka exclusively for her that went to waste because she over-asserted herself. She then proceeded to give the groom himself a mini-sobriety test when he was ordering (ie: asking rapid-fire, unrelated questions, paying close attention to his answer/response time). Guests complained to me about her rudely refusing service unless they brought their original cups back. I understand we ran out a few times, but we had enough (and continuously brought her more) that she didn't need to be turning people down. On the other hand, we received nothing but compliments regarding her colleague's composure and professionalism throughout the night. In conclusion, hearing the feedback we've received from our guests since the wedding I was unsatisfied with the quality of service she provided. I will not be recommending her business to others.
5	Jenny and her assistant served at my wedding two weeks ago, and they did a great job. I found Catered Cocktails about 6 months before my wedding date, and everything about communicating with Jenny was so easy. She made sure everything was in order and that the service was exactly as I wanted it to be. On my wedding day, I loved that I didn't need to worry about drinks, because Jenny had made me feel so confident that everything would be fine--and it was! I hardly interacted with the bartenders, but all of my guests seemed happy. People had drinks in their hands, and I never noticed a time that there was a line or crowd at the bar. We did run out of beer much earlier than we thought, but that was not Jenny's fault, my groom and I supplied the beer and we did not get enough. However, Jenny let us know with plenty of advance notice so that we could get more beer and the party continued without a hitch.I read the one-star review on here, and that is the exact opposite experience I had with Catered Cocktails. They were nothing but professional, friendly, and easy to work with. I would definitely recommend their services.
