5	You can't go wronng with this place. Friendly staff, fresh products and tasty burgers!
5	Da burger shack has a super fun atmosphere & the burgers are delicious! I highly recommend this place :)
3	I really want to love this place so badly. I moved into the Cheery Lynn Historic neighborhood about three years ago and have watched several places fail. I've hoped somebody would buy this cute little place and make it into something great. So, my husband, son and I went yesterday with high hopes and hungry bellies. We've been looking forward to trying it since we got a menu on the door the other day.I hope as they move into their new space, they update the decor and get rid of some of the previous owners' decor. Such a big part of going out to eat, is the ambiance. The building is so cute and there's so much potential for it, but what the original Two Hippies owner did was just plain awful.As far as the food goes, I am unfortunately sad to report that it was just not that good. My first "beef" is the beef. I originally posted that I had thought they used frozen patties, but received the nicest reply stating that they do get their meat locally and it is never frozen. Perhaps we just came on a bad day. I ordered the Loco Moco and I had to cut my hamburger patty with a knife and fork. I was also excited to try the homemade macaroni salad, but again... not so good. It was more of a mayonnaise-macaroni soup. Way to runny for my taste. But that's just me. My husband got a burger and it was okay. The best thing we got was my son's hot dog. It was just a plain hot dog with ketchup but it was pretty tasty. I'm thinking that when I go back (and I definitely will so I can give them another chance and I can support my neighborhood joint), I'm going to get one of those hot dogs. They have all sorts of exciting options for hot dogs including homemade chili (my favorite).They do have really delicious strawberry lemonade and tropical iced tea. I feel bad writing anything bad because I'd really like to see the new owners succeed. They were exceptionally friendly and welcoming. They responded to my original post and were very, VERY sweet so I know once they work out all of their kinks, they will do well.
4	Definitely the burger joint of choice in my hood.  Good people, good simple food with enough of a twist to differentiate - toasted bun, grilled onions, etc.  Keep up the work!   Nice prices, good value, clean place - the owners are really nice and the patio is awesome when the weather is nice (as it was today).I will definitely come back again.
5	I have been eating here for about 2 weeks now. I have been working my way down the menu and have not had anything distasteful or visually unpleasant. The food is amazingly tasty and has great fresh ingredients. You can tell the beef isn't frozen by the taste and the staff is always smiling and really helpful with customizing your order if needed. The pastrami sandwich is just delicious. You get a lot of food for the money and I don't have a single complaint. - Suzie Q
4	Best burger find in a long while! Literally down the street from home, patty melt was delish and just found out they do breakfast all day!  This is gonna be a new favorite spot
5	The Big Moke is one hell of a burger. The best I've had in ages! And I struggled to eat just half of it.  Any time I'm in the area I'll be eating here again!
4	One of the best burgers I have had in AZ.  I had the burger special that included fries and a drink for $6.99.  Not bad these days.Good atmosphere.  Friendly service.
3	Customer service was great. It had that local, know everyone's name feeling. I felt like I was at a burger shop by the beach and not on my break for lunch in hot as hell AZ. As for food, I had a pastrami burger which was perfect! Greasy and full of flavor! Then I tried the chili cheese fries. Which were a surprise, they are good, but keep in mind the chili is sweet. I enjoyed it. To top it off I had a lemonade. Yum yum.
4	I had a great mushroom swiss burger tonight. I will definitely be back.
4	visist: 6/26/12.....to start i can say i just really wanted a burger and this place was not to far from my job so i didn't know what to expect when coming in here. what truly convinced me was the $15 for $20 worth of food since i had to feed a family of 3. cons:it's hot in the inside, if i was dinning there i would have had to sit outside, which wouldn't be to nice this time of year in az. *cashier did offer water while i waited*pros:the food is great!!!! i had "da semi fat ass burger" i didn't expect it to be that large, i could only eat half so the other half is my lunch for today  :-) i also got their special of the day for my sister which was the chicken bacon wrap, which looked good(i didn't taste it) and i got my son just a cheeseburger which he loved :-) the french fries were ok, you just have to eat them right away. by the time i got home they were cold but my burger was still hot like it just came off the grill. i did have to wait a good amount of time for my food which is a good and bad thing. it was cooked so well, but man was i tired especially  just getting off of work.  i got 3 meals, drink included for $15 and it was well worth it!!!! the strawberry lemonade is good(add a pinch of sprite to even out the sweetness and it's great!!!!) i will be coming back here, even printed a menu so i can tell my co-workers about it :-)
4	Da Burger Shack has two things you rarely find in the valley.  A genuine friendly staff and HARIO COLD DRIP COFFEE!!!I'm somewhat torn to tell the world, so I can horde it all for myself.  That hunk of wood and glass next to the counter is actually an expensive way to brew low acid strong coffee.  For whatever reason it's in the shack and they sell it. I can't write enough how friendly the staff were.  They really bring that island friendliness, in the typical cold city culture.  As for burgers, my first trip was daily dealled with fish n chips.   The second outing was Cal Burger filled.  Both meals were satisfying, but not sensational.  Their daily deal is an outstanding value, so outstanding it seems to be always sold out when I stop by.    As for atmosphere, not the place to bring your first date, but definitely a good place to call home after several outings in need for comfort foods.  The food is a 3 plus 1 for coffee and service.  I'll be back for the rest of their pictured food and coffee of course.
5	As I waited for my to go order to be prepared, I noticed an older man struggle through the door with his walker. He parked his walker near the beverage station, and maneuvered slowly to a seat. As he sat down, the girl who had taken my order was already en route to his area with a large iced tea and 2 sweet n low packets. They obviously had some unspoken arrangement. She knew what he wanted, and delivered it promptly with a big smile on her face. I couldn't help but feel at home, and comfy. I have been told before that I am super insensitive.. and this made me feel really good inside. Enough with the sappiness-I think I missed the part about there being 4 patties on my burger.. this thing was a monster. I feel super guilty for eating the entire thing. I may even go to church this Sunday to ask for forgiveness. Ok maybe not, but you get the picture. Church is dumb. My only gripe would be the done-ness of my beef. Next time I will ask for medium cooked patties. This, of course is a personal preference. All the flavors were on point. Bacon, Pastrami, Cheese, Onions, and Pineapple!?!?!?!!!! Jesus Christ!! Holy Shit! With 4 patties! Da Shack be holdin it down for realzzzz.I didn't even get to my chili cheese fries. Honestly, after eating that burger (in it's entirety) I can't even look at them. They are on my desk at work right now. I may hide them in another employee's work area because he put a tampon in my protein shake container a couple weeks ago.. Perhaps rested above his cube on a ceiling tile? We will see.The young lady who took my order was a sweetheart. Food was redonk. My iced coffee tasted spectacular, and got me dread-shakin-hyphy.. Prices were more than reasonable.. in fact, they could probably be raised. My department head was like, "Aye Ricktastic.. what did that meal cost you? 20 bucks?"-"naw mane.. dat shit was like $10.50 on da serious tip"He doesn't really call me Ricktastic, but I wish he would-
4	I cannot really remember a time when I was a customer somewhere and I was treated so well with genuine friendliness. Not the "yeah you're spending money here so we will treat you nice," but like they want to become your friend or something. Da Burger Shack as I was told, has been at this location for about 8 months now which is probably why I never heard of it. The motto on their sign outside is "We welcome you like family not as a stranger." Which was hopeful, I'm a sucker for small town treatment. We were greeted nicely upon coming in, I noticed that they had some sort of contraption that produces cold drip coffee. Looks cool and tastes great. The atmosphere was like a mix between Cheba Hut (w/o the marijuana references), Hippie Gypsy, and a tropical hut. Whoever decorated that place has great taste in music and icons. The setting was small but cozy and very colorful down to the tables being painted.There was nice outdoor seating but it was too warm outside to brave the elements. I was shocked to see they offer something called the "Big Tsunami," which is 10 ground beef patties topped with pastramis, 10 slices of American cheese, 2 fried eggs, diced onion, tomatoes, lettuce, and their special sauce (which is fabulous btw) all for $20~if you get the combo for $1.75 more you get chili cheese fries and 2 drinks. It is recommended for 5 or more people. Then I noticed they have something called Big Moke Burger which is 4 patties with 4 slices of cheese, bacon, carmelized onions and so forth for $9. They also have a Hawaiian Loco Moco plate. Alas, I did not try the cheesecake I saw they had in their refrigerated case. The food:Fries-they give you a TON of fries for a regular order, I hate to see (or maybe love?) what a 'large' looks like. They seem to be the frozen crinkle kind. They were still good, my only suggestion is to maybe make homemade, proprietary house fries?Burger-great, although I don't eat meat my partner loved his burger. It seemed to be loaded with bacon and I was assured it was quality bacon, not the cheap kind they give you at fast food places. They use really soft, buttery kaiser rolls for the bun. My only gripe is that I wish they would offer a Boca, Morningstar or Amy's veggie patty instead of a squishy portabello mushroom. I just don't feel those textures match up with a bun.Conclusion: so much good food for very little money, do not come here on a diet. Of course you could try to get away with it by eating their salads but come on, willpower is not your strong suit. During our meal the older gentleman checked on us and we chatted, I wanted to get up and give him a hug and I don't like touching people. So sweet to everyone who came in and everyone seemed to be regulars, it was like Cheers; he knew everyone's name. He's giving the owner from Tokyo House a run for his money in hospitality and I love that guy. I have some Kiwi's from New Zealand that I would love to bring here and I'm sure they will love it. Mahalo Da Burger!
4	Everyone is right, you feel welcome the second you walk in the door.On to the food... it is really good. I had the Cali burger and it was about as good as it gets. Avocado, grilled onions, and swiss. Two things really stand out here at Da Burger Shack:1. The buns. They are somewhere between croissant and burger bun. A little flakey, very tender, but hold up to a big burger. Nice!2. The meat. I don't know how they did it, but they managed to cook a burger to done-ness, and it was still juicy. Now, it was not just oozing, juice. But it was still juicy. Bravo!I added fries and a drink for a ridiculously small sum. The fries were good, I'm just not a huge fan of the crinkly cut fries. But no complaints. In the drink department, they have many choices. I think there were four choices for lemonades, and two or three teas. I had the "fruit" tea and it was excellent. My sons had the pomegranate lemonade served smoothie style, and loved it.One note, if you are used to salty food, they don't salt much at Da Burger Shack. THANK  YOU! I don't like salt, and you can add salt to your taste.
4	Small hole in the wall shop with cool decor that sells a good burger that tastes a lot like something you would get at a neighbors back yard grill out.  Good thick cut fries that are nice and Chris on the outside and moist and tender on the inside.  All in all you get a really Tasty burger for not a lot of money.  Looking forward to trying some of the more adventurous burgers next few visits.
5	I found this gem of a place thanks to Yelp! I was needing to grab a quick bite before going to the Phoenix Children's Hospital as I did not want to waste good calories on bad food!They are super super friendly here! The service is terrific - cannot ask for better.I had a bacon cheeseburger with BBQ sauce and asked if they had fresh jalapenos (they did - yay!) and added at no extra charge. The burger is very large - I didn't try the fries. Everyone looked happy with their food and it all looked wonderful.I would definitely go back if ever I'm in that part of Phoenix again.
4	Right across from Rips. Perfect for after drinking food. 2 burgers and fries and drinks for 15 is pretty good. Very friendly service. One complaint is the burger meat wasn't the best but the toppings make up for it. I'll come back.Update: This place closed. Disregard above :(
