4	I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.  My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!
2	Had a fun UYE get-together with Brian S. & Norm R. today to give this little Venezuelan cafe a try.  I had a Carne Esmechada Patacon, which is a sandwich with slices of plantain for the top & bottom, fried crisp.  (A plantain is something like a huge banana.)  Inside was a moderate amount of shredded beef & some other things.  It was good, but it cost $6, & for a full-sized meal you would have to add a couple of other things in the $4 range, & end up at about $15 for your lunch!For half the price, I would give it twice as many Stars.
3	Trying out an unfamiliar cuisine is always an adventure, and my first experience of Venezuelan food was a pleasant adventure. Rand H., Brian S. and I decided to make this our final restaurant to try out for the year 2009. I had the arepa guayanes, a dish consisting of mild cheese in a corn-based flatbread (I ordered it baked, not fried). I also tried the empanada carne esmechada, a deep-fried turnover filled with savory shredded beef. Both were good and made for quite a filling meal, but I couldn't resist trying the quesillo pedaso. It was flan-like, but much denser - perhaps not the most appropriate choice of dessert after the relatively heavy meal. The restaurant is very basically appointed and is tucked in a somewhat hard-to-find nook of a commercial shopping area, seemingly attached to Rosati's next door. The main sign consists of a not-so-large banner on the facade of the restaurant so you might have to look for it a bit, but it's worth the effort.
2	I must say I really wasn't impressed. Saw this place on hot on yelp while cruising to get some fry bread and decided to try it the very next day. I ordered the carne esmechada arepa and the jamon empanada. The arepa was tasty but really, really oily. By the time I got it back ot my office the oil had soaked through the wrapper and the bag (which I am usually fine with). But even after I got it out of the bag it was still dripping enough oil to run down my forearms. The empanada was drastically less inviting than that. It tasted like a small shovel full of beach sand, gritty and salted beyond recognition with almost no meat inside.I give them props for trying to bring new food to this area but I still probably won't be back....
5	We are from Venezuela and we Love this restaurant!We couldn't find our typical food in Az, but this Restaurant bring us the opportunity to experience it again.I have brought Colombian and Venezuelan friends and all of them love it!  Specially the Arepa de Pabellon, Cachapa and the Patacon!And for drink you have to try the Papelon con Limon and the Chicha.Friendly owners and staff !
2	I went there the other night for dinner.  Granted, I was there early but other than two people sitting talking in the restaurant, there was nobody there.   I ordered a Chicken Arepa, Shredded Beef Empanada, and the Ground Beef Pastelito.   The kid who took my order behind the counter said it would take 15 to 20 minutes.  I couldn't figure out why it would take so long-maybe they had a lot of take out orders for pizza (they share the same kitchen with Rosati's).  Instead of taking 15 to 20 minutes, I'm waiting there around 30 minutes, the kid has disappeared, and once in awhile, I see some other guys in the back.  They must know I am waiting, but not once does anyone come out and tell me that my order will be out shortly.  Finally, some other guy who looks like he could be the boss asks me what I ordered.  I tell him, and he brings out my bag, which seemed to have been sitting there for who knows how long.  It seemed hot so I left and did not complain.As far as the food, never having had an Arepa before, I was not too impressed.  It was somewhat bland and it tasted like a taco.  The empanada was incredibly greasy.  The Pastelito was the best-the ground beef was tasty.I might go back and try some other items on their menu but they need to improve on their customer service especially when there is virtually no one in their restaurant.
3	As I was eating my Cachapa I couldn't help but think of the absent minded professor and his memorable creation, flubber.  Man, this thing had a ton of cheese....too much.Not my favorite meal but a great spot to add some international color and flair to the neighborhood.
5	Fantastic experience with really nice people.  Did not know anything about Venezuela food, and they were very helpful.
5	I had dinner here tonight with friend and fellow yelper John M. Rather than ordering individual items, we decided to try a half bandeja: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NSmTvGgirPJ4mJ9jzNW-eA?select=3WQJvXTP_2auQSAcnL_k0g (a full bandeja feeds 4 people), which turned out to be a very good choice. The savory array in the bandeja included tostones, rice, carotas negras (black beans), fried eggs, blood sausage, chorizo, grilled steak, shredded beef, avocado halves, sweet fried plantains ... and an arepa, of course. If you come here with company, I highly recommend the half or full bandeja (depending on the number of people in your party) - it's a lot of really good food and you get to try an array of dishes that go very well together.
3	2.5 stars ... Hard to find...it's part of the pizza delivery restaurant next door.  We found this place from my wife's friend.Tequenos (breaded dough with queso blanco in the middle) (cheese sticks) were very good! Comes with a garlic sour cream dipping sauce.  Could probably eat these all day!The Pabellon Empanada had great flavor.  The Cachapas (grilled sweet corn cake) was not great.  I had the Shredded beef and soft cheese.  The soft cheese was still cold and not very soft.  My wife got the Vegeterian Patacon (cole slaw, cheese, and "pink sauce") and a Domino (cheese and bean) Empanada. The Domino was good, but the Patacon was not...its cole slaw had too much mayo and the bun is a deep fried plantain...was far too oily to eat.Our problem was probably the amount of oil that our bodies aren't used to.
4	Look for the Rositos Pizza sign, they share the building in a strip mall. We had a groupon and this place had high recommendations from a friend so we checked it out. We had the trio sampler and subbed tostones for more maduros (cooked plantains)--by recommendation. They were yummy!My boyfriend and I shared a arepa pabellon (shredded beef) and an empanada pollo. Both were delicioso!!Topped off the meal with a quesillo, which is basically heavenly flan.Overall, great place to eat some authentic Venezuelan food!
2	Jumped on the groupon offered last week for My Arepa.  I had very high hopes.  Tried the Grilled Meat Medley ($14). There was this gristly carne asada thing in there, along with a small link of chorizo, and a blood sausage. None of these sausages were sufficient in size, and neither was the wad of hyde they tried to pass off as "steak". There was also a few lumps of fried yucca. Those were alright.  Also ordered a few Arepas ($4-6 each).  They were the size of a McDonald's cheeseburger.. the corn bread the meat sat on was OMG SO DRY AND STALE, and the filling inside (meat + gouda) was greasy, bland, and gloppy. This is some really overpriced, sad food. No me gusta!
5	The 14" sandwiches are ridiculous but the owner is getting ready to cut them down to 12" and he seemed interested in maybe offering a half sandwich as a lunch special. Extremely tasty and the french bread is awesome. Lots of other choices on the menu, this place is going to be really popular.
2	This is my first time using Groupon. It's one way to enjoy various cultural experiences without investing too much money just in case. Obviously the restaurant can well benefit from the exposure without costing them too much. It's $20 voucher that I've paid $10 ahead. The restaurant only got $5 I believe. And I did Yelp! extensively before hitting the BUY button.I understand that it's hard to find authentic foods in USA. Everything is Americanized for one reason or the other. Most Americans I know (not those that I don't know) can't handle strange taste, texture, weirdness, repulsion, and various dislikes. And I know that it's hard to get the same fresh or processed ingredients and spices from home countries.Those are my pet peeves alright. And there is one more before I get onto the review. Comparison can be deadly.I have tried Latin American foods (including Yucatan, Oaxaca, Belizean). So my knowledge is nil on Venezuelan foods. But I do have taste buds and experiences from various food cultures.Overall. It sucked. I was referring to the taste, variety, and uniqueness. It didn't worth my dime. My friend and I had the Media Bandeja (1/2 the regular portion) for $25. The big plates came with 2 big serving of steamed white rice, 2 small cups of black beans sprinkled with cheese, half an ordinary avacado, 2 fried eggs (Chinese style, I cooked that all the time), 2 plain arepas (round flat breads), one chorizo sausage, one blood sausage, 2 scopes of shredded beef, one small steak, few green plantains, and few sweet plantains.The blood sausage tasted like burned tired. I had blood pudding much tastier and smoother and more colorful that that. I grew up with blood pudding. Yummy!!! That maybe the reason that I'm vicious now. Heed my warning, it's not good for cholesterol.The steak had tasty flavor; it's ordinary though. I believe it's 5 oz shrunk to 3 oz. The shredded beef reminds me of sloppy Joe. It's OK for the taste. The sweet plantains are regular fried plantains as found in some Chinese buffets or regular dessert menu. It's good for the sweetness but nothing more than that in this restaurant.If you give me a steam bun or silver thread roll (both are steamed rice dough), I can tell how much salt it contains, the chewing satisfaction, the freshness, and the steamed distinct aroma. And I can eat it plain. Arepas? What's that? It's an tasteless, odorless, chewy carb that didn't excite my taste buds a bit. Boring!!! Honestly, I had no clue how special it was supposed to be. It tasted better after I stuffed avocado and shredded beef inside.The green plantains were like hard cardboard. Fried carb without taste, but it has a green tinted color.My friend also ordered Tequenos (fried breaded cheese sticks)... really tiny for $1 each. Chinese egg rolls ($1 each) are twice as big and they are greaser and tastier. (I ain't a size queen).The Empanada Ham Queso was so tiny with 2-bite size for $4. Come on... are you kidding me!!! Calzones are more complicated and much bigger with ham and cheese and more ingredients, for similar price. (Again, I ain't a size queen).My point is that it's so ordinary that I couldn't see the cost value especially for Bandeja. I can serve up the same plates at home with minimal cost. I know the restaurant needs to earn money for cooking, serving, paying wages, and renting the space.We were the only table that night. The wait service was ordinary... between a bus boy and minimalist. The ambient was plain... and not a place you expect to pay $40 for two (before Groupon).So diners, I enjoy a chance to have a different cultural experience. You should give it a try. Due to a lack of familiarity, the foods tasted bland and boring. I don't feel like gaining any new knowledge except a few words on the foods. I feel like they were serving home cooked meals or peasant foods as ambrosia and they charged accordingly. That's my problem with this restaurant. And I have a totally different experience than the Yelpers here.
5	The arepas are to die for and the food is great! So many flavors with authentic venezulan food to have! A great place for date and everything for example 2 delicious arepas for $8 that'll fill u up (basically Latin sandwich) so go there!
5	I never would have found this place without my Venezuelan friends but they swore that it was the most authentic Venezuelan food around... and they would certainly know.    I now love Chicha although it will kill any diet plan you may have since its full of sweet condensed milk, rice and cinnamon.  Definitely more of a dessert than a drink! Naturally the arepas (closest equivalence to a hamburger) are phenomenal (making My Arepa's name very appropriate).  Since My Arepa popped my Venezuelan cuisine cherry, my native friends ordered just about everything on the menu so I could sample it all.  I have to admit that everything dangerously good! Especially the arepas, empanadas, chicha and flan. It must be authentic... no true/typical customer service...the waitstaff yelling across the tiny restaurant and my table shouting out orders and questions back into the kitchen... not your typical waiter/waitee relationship :)   But I wouldn't have wanted it any other way! Make sure you know some Spanish, have Spanish speaking friends, or are just willing to point on the menu and hope for the best. No matter what your finger lands on, you'll be happy!
4	I had never really had Venezuelan food, and was eager to try a few unique dishes.  I had the patacon, which is a sandwich using fried plantain for the "bread" instead of actual bread.  The pork I had with it was slow cooked, juicy, and tender, while the fried plaintains were the perfect amount of crispiness, yet not so brittle that it would break into pieces after taking a bite of the sandwich.  The more standard sandwiches are very good as well, and are very large, with lots of ingredients inside.
5	Discovered this restaurant last week through Groupon, and have been there twice in a week already with friends and family. The food is outstanding. The owner admits to using ingredients he personally likes and delivers them with passion.The beverages remind me to home. I personally suggest the Parchita (a yellow passion fruit juice). I also suggest their Sancocho (soup) and Tawny Arepa (blood sausage arepa). The place might be hard to find. Look for the Rosati's, it's right next door.
2	Very underwhelmed.  The black beans tasted as if they had been sitting around for a very long time (days)- almost sour and the shredded beef tasted old.  While we loved the fried cheese sticks, it just isnt enough for me to want to go back.  I am very glad this was discovered via Groupon or I would've been even more disappointed.
3	I love international food and I am constantly trying it everywhere I go. Venezuelan food is that type of food that you either love very much or find no pleasure in eating it. This is also a type of food that you can find restaurants galore in Miami, New york City and L.A. I have several Venezuelan friends so I know exactly what a good Arepa tastes like, or a cachapa, hallacas, empanadas, etc. I decided to go to My Arepa because I had been craving for some Arepas and cachapas so I decided to pick up my mom and went to try this place. The place looks okay!! As long as it looks pretty clean, I am okay with the rest. So this place looked clean to me. I ordered a Parchita (Passion fruit drink). It was good and refreshing. $3 Then, I ordered Arepas (one of queso de mano-soft cheese and another one of Shredded beef). $4 each! They were okay but please agree with me that the price is too high for an arepa!!! My mom ordered a cheese and ham empanda for $4 and an arepa. I ordered cachapas (sweet corn cakes) for my kids. They are sweet and fluffy. I ordered them with soft cheese for $6 each! They were good but the price is TOO high!! These are probably the most expensive Cachapas I've eaten in my life. Not even in L.A. or Miami were that expensive...why is that? I don't know yet!! And lastly, I ordered Hallacas to go (a tamal like cake filled with all kinds of vegetables and wrapped in banana leaves). They were $8 each and I must say that I've eaten better ones. They usually sell them frozen to go because it is my understanding that someone from Florida makes them for the owner. So they are not fresh and it is obvious!!! Overall, the place is good but I would only go back if I am really craving Venezuelan food and don't feel like cooking it myself. The prices are outrageous I think. I also double check with my Venezuelan friends and they also think the prices are high!!!
3	Tasty food, though hard to come out with something that isn't fried.  If you're looking for some VE food in the greater metro area, here's a decent stop.  The drinks they make are quite excellent, though overpriced in my mind's eye.  The two of us both enjoyed our food - arepas and patacon - very fresh and tasteful.  I'd eat here again if I was in the area and wanted some comfort food.
5	The food was fantastic and the gentleman waiting on us gave incredible service! He even humored my broken Spanish! I cannot wait to go back.
4	Sometimes when I try a new place (for us) with a Groupon I come away disappointed. Not at My Arepa. I haven't had Venezuelan food before so I'm not comparing but this is a really nice place. The server (owner?) is so nice explains the foods and combinations. The foods is tasty although less spicy than I expected. Next time we're in the area we'll go again.
5	Great home cooked latin food,  very very tasty, good plaintains, fresh cheese, amazing Blood sausage, Their shakes even better!!!!! A true Latin American wonder.
3	Great Plantain, great beef, great food!If Venezuelans use no spice when cooking, this was perfect.Guarantee no heartburn here.A bit pricey for quantity of food but livable.
2	Boiled everything, soggy tostones, arepas bland, Rosatis and My Arepa are sharing kitchen and dining area? Weird.? Overpriced for what it is. Hard to order, awkward, also dry blood sausage
4	When I walked in I was immediately confused because they share a space with Rosati's and the My Arepa counter is pretty inconspicuous. I waited at the counter to pick up my food until someone came up. I called in my order and it took 40 minutes from when I placed my order for me to get my food - this was late afternoon after lunch and they weren't busy. So if you want to carry out I'd advise to call far in advance.I ordered the arepas sampler with a ground beef, black beans, gouda cheese, chorizo, and carne asada arepa. I wanted a couple of arepas with shredded beef but they were out of the shredded beef (boo!) so I tried the ground beef and gouda cheese instead. On the side I ordered black beans and rice. The rice didn't have any flavor...I don't know anything about Venezuelan food so maybe the rice is meant to be that way.The black beans were aaah-mazing. They were the highlight of the entire meal. I found the carne asada to be a little dry and chewy but the avocado sauce on it was delicious. The ground beef (which I thought was going to be bland and boring) was actually very tasty. The ground beef was clearly seasoned and maybe mixed with tomato sauce?I had a groupon which is why I ordered so much food at once but I had no idea how much food I was really getting. I do think the rice and beans were pricey for the size, but what I thought would be two meals turned into four meals. I am all about leftovers!I would like to go back and try the shredded beef arepas and the many other menu items.
2	I wanted to love this place so bad considering I've lived in Venezuela and hadn't tasted some of this country's food in over 17 years.  However it pains me to write that I was pretty disappointed.  The server, who is assume owned the restaurant, is a very nice guy but forgot my stepson's food and didn't realize until 15 mins after he dropped off our food.  My cachapa was burnt and dripping with butter.  Don't get me wrong, cachapas usually are rockin with butter but this was oozing everywhere.  The arepa was pretty decent and the only saving light of the meal but overall this experience left me wanting more.
4	The food was really good but took a while to come out of the kitchen. The  arepas were good blood  sausage was kinda dry. You order at the small window on the wall in the dinning room not at the counter as that is Rosati's.
3	I went here with a friend today for lunch as they had a Groupon Now deal for 15$ for 20$. We got a variety of foods. We had two arepas- one with the medium cheese and one with chorizo because they were out of the pibil... These were not that good. Especially considering that the place is named after them. The bread was tough and the fillings were lackluster. The cheese arepa was just not very good... the cheese was cold, which was off-putting. The chorizo was not much better. We also got a chicken empanada  which was also kind of bland. This was better than the arepa, but it definitely isn't something that I would want again.... Now for the good parts, we had a shredded beef cachapa, which had a sweeter and thinner corn 'bread' and this was delicious! I would definitely come back for this! Finally, we tried the tequenos and these were really good too. So there are definitely highs and lows.... but I think it's at least worth a try.
4	Wow wow wow! I never thought I would find an arepa place in Mesa, AZ! This place delivers quality food with great service. The owner himself sat us at our table and offered to explain the menu. He even made suggestions for what to eat. I have only had Venezuelan food in California, but this place did not let me down. I went during a weird hour so the restaurant was empty. This allowed for prompt service and more attention. The arepas were made fresh and come either baked or fried. I went with the baked option and was thoroughly impressed. The sauces are delicious so don't pass those up (especially the green creamy sauce and the white garlic sauce). I also had an empanada, which was delicious too! I would highly recommend coming here...it is a good alternative to the standard Mexican fare that is offered all over AZ.
1	Food was just OK.Service was lousy.I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.I should have stayed at work and eat my stuffers pizza & take a nap.Very dissapointed!!!!!!
4	I can't believe this place is right around the corner from me....it's so good! The flavors were wonderful...not too garlicky or heavy..... I can't say that the arepas or empanadas tasted *exactly* like I have had in Venezuela itself, but they were still pretty good! (it's hard to make food taste like it does in another country) We had great service! The owner was super friendly, we got to talking about Venezuelan rums and he ran and pulled out an old bottle to show us. He was super nice! Our food was served promptly (maybe they've been reading reviews!), and everything was delicious (including that green sauce the empanadas come with...tho, they didn't even need it!) Only bummer thing was, I wanted to try the sancocho, but the owner says they only make it on weekends. Good news for me is that he is going to make chicken sancocho this weekend, and I'm right around the corner!I also can't wait to go back and try some of their breakfast plates (looked so good!) which they happen to serve all day (yay!)
1	Can't comment on the food.  After 20 minutes and no server we left. Too bad my wife and I enjoying new dishes.  Not recommended!
4	Based on the Yelp reviews I read, I went into My Arepa with low expectations. I expected the service to be slow and the food to be tasteless. I was very pleasantly surprised. Our food took about 10 minutes to come. This was my first experience with Venezuelan food, so I asked the server would he'd recommend. Based on that I ordered a a chicken and a beef arepa w/black beans and rice. The beef was more flavorful than the chicken. Two people under $20, i'll go back. I liked the fact that it was quiet in there.
4	I haven't been in a few months but I was so so so excited to hear about a Venezuelan restaurant I Mesa, I used to live there and miss the food terribly.  Most things were spot on, the plantains with white cheese I have never personally seen to buy at the stores, the arepas were good, the empanadas were good although the dough was thicker than what I would buy in the streets in Venezuela, so I was kind of disappointed in that but the thing that I really wanted was the green sauce that all empanada stands have and when I asked for some I got green sauce but nothing like the delicious stands in Venezuela.  I will say I was very impressed with how close the food was to what I used to eat daily.  If you don't like this place, you probably would not want to spend much time in Venezuela, cause this is it.
2	The restaurant was much to be desired.  Food was bland. The empanadas was a good size but a minimal amount of meat was in the empanadas itself.
4	I read about this place in Phoenix Magazine. I drive by this all the time, but never noticed it, hidden as it is in a non-descript strip mall. Three of us went and we ordered a ton of stuff. None of us had ever tried Venezuelan food, and we wanted to try as many things as possible. Here is what we had: Arepas Sampler, patacon, pepito (one pork and one steak), Parilla Argentina, chachaps, fried yucca and one or two other things. We shared this stuff, and took a lot home. Portions are pretty generous. Our least favorite items were the pepitos, which are essentially big sub sandwiches. Not bad, but not up to par with the rest of the food, which ranged from good to awesome. I discovered that I love south American chorizo (I think they sell either the Columbian or Argentinian variety).Now this place does not look like much. It is connected to Rosatti's Pizza for some reason; I assume they have the same owner. I'm pretty sure our waiter was going back and forth between restaurants. That said, once you get your food drinks refills are self-serve anyway, so no big deal. In all, a very memorable experience and one that I recommend to the slightly adventurous Yelper.
5	This place was awesome! We tried what we felt were their best offerings. The tequenyos, domino empanada, pabellon arepa, gouda chachapa, and the pabellon patacon. You want to eat the pabellon patacon! The gouda chachapa was also a home run. Can't wait to go back!
3	I tried this place for lunch one day, and it was... just okay. I tried a cheese arepa and a beef arepa, after being told by the waiter that one wasn't enough for lunch. The beef was pretty good, but overall I was unimpressed--the arepas were unreasonably greasy and the cheese was chewy to the point of being almost inedible. Also I was not thrilled with the idea of paying $13 for lunch with no sides that wasn't all that wonderful. I won't be back, but not because I had a terrible experience--I didn't. It just wasn't... good.
4	I've been meaning to try this place for over year. I'm sorry I didn't try it sooner. Today I tried the Deep Fried Cheese and the Shredded Beef Patacon.  The deep fried cheese wasn't really my thing, I was expecting more of a mozeralla stick than whatever it was that they brought out.  Chances are it was made perfect and just not my kind of thing so no negative rating there.The Patacon however was amazing, I'm planning on buying deep fried plantains and carrying them around with me everywhere I go so I can substitute them from bread at other delicious restaurants like Z-Cafe.
4	Stopped in here with my boyfriend tonight after we visited Bookman's. He had never had Venezuelan food and was excited at the prospect of deep-fried gluten free empanadas. My Arepa shares a storefront with Rosati's pizza, which made the entrance sort of odd. To order or be seated, go to the window straight ahead once you walk in the door. We were the only people in the restaurant, which always makes me sad at local businesses. We got two tamarindos to drink and WOW! I was expecting my standard Mexican drive-thru tamarindo but these were to die for. They were made fresh and full of flavor. Can't wait to try some of their other aguas frescas. I, the vegetarian, ordered a veggie arepa and domino arepa, made with black beans and queso. They were both flavorful and the arepa itself was delicious, but the veggie was the stand out winner, made with sweet plantain, avocado, and queso.SO ordered the Casaba Parilla plate with steak, yucca, and avocado sauce and a chicken empanada. The flavors of the steak were right on, but the meat was too tough for his taste. The empanada, he said, tasted amazing. Overall, this place is highly recommended: excellent service, and the flavors are very unique! We will be back.
4	I took my family to My Arepa last weekend. It had been recommended by a local writer and we wanted to check it out. My kids ate from the kids menu (hamburger and chicken tenders). My wife really enjoyed the Queen of Queens (Reina Pepiada), which is an arepa with chicken and avocado. I tried the shredded chicken arepa and the ground beef cachapas. The cachapas is made with a sweet corn bread while the arepa is more like a pancake/tortilla combination. Our favorite part was the tequenos which were bread with cheese fillings. Although we thought they were fried, we were thrilled that they were not served that way and were VERY tasty to us and our young kids. We will encourage our friends to try this place out. Definitely a good alternative to the normal fast food fare of Phoenix.
1	The food was pretty good, but there was a hair in my sandwich. I obviously couldn't finish, I was very disappointed!
4	This is the real deal.  The arepas are wonderful although I personally never leave without eating a "carne mechada empanada".  Out of this world.  The restaurant itself is not glamorous and the service can be spotty but the food is well worth a try.  For a Venezuelan away from Venezuela, it's a little reminder of "home".
3	I am a fan of the cuisine, and I totally wanted to love this place....But it seemed like it's maybe just a hobby of someone's to have the restaurant open?  Very sparse "decorating" inside.  The space is shared with a Rosati's pizza location and our waiter (the only waiter) was wearing a Rosati's t-shirt.  If I had to guess, the owners are Venezuelan and wanted a spot to eat w/ their friends, but they don't do enough business on their own to support it, so they got into a Rosati's franchise as well.  Perhaps I'm off-base?  Who knows...on to the food:I ordered the sweet plantains (maduros) to start.  These came with cheese which I didn't expect, wasn't told about, and cost more than the plain ones.  In case you were wondering, they taste weird with cheese, so I scraped that off.I also tried a queso blanco empanada which didn't have much filing to it.  But, the accompanying salsa/dip was amazing.My arepa, their namesake, was just so-so.  I've had arepas before, so I had something specific I was expecting, I guess.  I got the veggie (avocado, more cheese, and sweet plantain).  The cake portion seemed underdone, as I have in the past had them more cooked, almost with a nice slight char to them.  To me, this missed on some of the flavor.My dining companion tried to order the Pabellon empanada (I think) and it was not available (at noon on a weekday with only 1 other table seating diners) so he got the Pabellon in arepa form.  He seemed pleased with his meal, it being his first time getting Venezuelan food.All in all, a mostly satisfactory meal, but I don't know that I'd go out of my way to eat here again.
4	Terrific service in a comfortable environment and delicious Venezuelan food at a fair price.  Looking forward to a second visit... I wonder why more restaurant managers aren't this excited about their food?
5	Best venezuelan place, i have try food from many Venezuelan restaurants in US and i found the best one here in Phoenix AZ. Not even miami (Doral) has a place that got the real taste from my country, try the bandeja veneZolana but make sure to be hungry cuz is huge also try the tres leche for dessert.
5	The food was good and it was my first time going there with my husband, who is Colombian.  We had 3 dishes:  the ham arepa, steak fries parrilla, patacon supreme.  All 3 dishes were very tasty.  This was a bit much for food for the two of us, but we ate it.Got a little confused when we walked in and the waiter had a Rosati's shirt, but he explained to us that the owner of Rosati's is Venezualan and went into the details of how My Arepa came into being.  There were no other Venezuelan restaurants around, so he opened that and it has been in business for about 3 yrs.We came for lunch and were the only people in that restaurant, so we had the place to ourselves.  It was clean.  There seems to be a wide variety of foods.  We liked the arepa, but it was more me than my husband.  He is used to Colombian food, but said this food tastes good.We had a coupon from the Entertainment book, so that cut $8.50 off our bill.  The food was prepared quickly, and seemed fresh.  It would've been nice to see more people in the restaurant, so I hope they can stay in business, or I don't know if Rosati's carries this restaurant or not.We live in SE Gilbert and happened to be in the area, which is not normal.  I don't think the location of this restaurant is in the best place, as that mall does not seem like a thriving area.  If we are in the area and it's about time for a meal, we'll stop by again.4/30/13We went there again.  Twice in one month.  I would have to say the service this time from one of the waiters was awful.  He wouldn't smile to boot.  However, thankfully the owner also helped us and he was super friendly.  I showed them that I had the mobile Entertainment coupon before we ate, which was for 10% off.I'm not sure how much they took off, but I'm pretty sure it was more than 25% off.  We got a ton of food and all of it was super delicious.  The owner of this restaurant was super friendly and accommodating.This time, we brought our children and they liked it.  So, we just ignored the unfriendliness of the main waiter.  The first time we were here, a different non-Latin waiter was super friendly, so we know they have good service.This will still be a place we come to again.
1	I sadly have to downgrade my review..... I don't know what's happening here, because this was such a great little place with a super friendly owner, but lately service and food are not reaching par.Just the other day we ordered delivery, about 12 arepas for 6 of us. The order took almost two hours to deliver, we called 4 times asking what was up (our house is litterally walking distance from My Arepa, we should have just picked it up, but when you pay extra to have something delivered, it's because you can't pick it up, right??) When it finally came, there was no apology or discount for the inconvience.... The worse part was that part of the order was wrong! I ordered two "queen of queens" arepas (their specialty), which is just chicken and avocado, however mine came without the avocado! And about a tablespoon worth of chicken ;/ come on! How do you forget one of the main ingredeints? of a total of THREE ingredeints?? We also had ordered extra sauce (which, the green sauce is what MAKES the arepa), so of course, there was none in our order..... I was so mad, I decided to just go over and get some myself (as I said, I live accross the street) When I asked for 5 containers, the cook brought me 3. I asked for two more. o_0   and instead of giving me new arepas (remember, I was missing the avocado) the cook spent a whole extra 10 minutes slicing some avocado and putting it in a to-go box to add to my now cold arepas. (and by the way, there was a total of ONE customer in the restaurant when this took place)NOT very happy at this point. And to add to it, I find out later that one of the girls in our party ended up with a stomache ache that night....having a  delivery order driving around with chicken and mayo products for two hours is bound to make someone sick......  and it did. :/   I hope things change, because I really used to like this place.....
3	Ordered food. It was alright. I will say I'm not huge on large amounts of salt and my sandwich was super salty. Upside the food was hot and the delivery person was very nice.
5	First time eating Venezuelian food, it was great. We had the Arepas Sampler, which came with 5 different Arepas, the Pabellon, Queen of Queen, Domino, Peluda, and The Blonde. Great service too.
5	have not been in a while, is the restaurant closed?
