3	Located on the 3rd floor of Epicenter, Howl at the Moon is a dueling piano bar. So if you've never been to this type of bar before, check it out before making assumptions. Basically, 2 pianos on stage provide the entertainment the whole night, playing popular songs & battling for tips. It's really tough to explain, other than you'll be amused by the "skits" & songs they know & come up with.There are 2 bars & the bartenders are pretty quick, but don't catch them when they go into their song & dance routine. You'll be stranded at the bar with no bartender in sight. The beer is a bit pricey, along with a $7 membership fee, but that's what you're going to get in an Epicentre bar. You'll have a great time at you're 1st visit to Howl at the Moon, but just don't go there too often. To avoid seeing the same skits & banter again, I'd suggest making this a once a month trip.
3	Younger crowd. very packed.
3	This is a really cool idea..  a dueling piano bar..  basically, they have live and very talented musicians, who can play pretty much anything..  people write down requests and toss them in with tips..  some tips are small but one time I was there and some guy tipped 100.00 to hear Sweet Home Alabama...dude must have been LIT!Anyway, it is small and nothing fancy, but it is high energy fun..The musicians are awesome and the drinks are good.. the big buckets are not tasty but they will do the trick.. i never drink them, but i do buy them for college kids who work in my office for fun.. LOLUsually less of a line than Whiskey River, The Forum or Cans.. and a sometimes a less "trendy" crowd.. The good thing about the epicenter in general is that you can go check out a different night spot in the same location without driving if you get bored one place.. you just go to the next...Every now and then the whole staff gets up on the bars and does a dance.. that can be entertaining.. Some things to note: The parking is in the garage of The Epicenter and there are a bazillion steps to climb up to the third floor, there IS an elevator, but i don't know if there is one that goes up to this level.. so don't get hammered and then try to walk down.. i have seen some nasty spills... ALSO beware if they tell you you won a VIP party for you and your friends.. basically it is a "your list gets in without cover" offer... there is nothing VIP about it.. so don't fall for that..  It is still cool, but don't tell people you are going to be VIP becz you will just be embarrassed when basically all they get is free cover...
4	When I get to play tourist- there are things that I do, that I probably wouldn't do at home. Howl at the Moon is one of those things. I've been to Howl at the Moon locations all across the country- from Hollywood, to San Antonio, to Orlando, to my home town of Chicago and now Charlotte, Howl locations crack me up with their unique combination of the talent of the dueling piano players coupled with the entertaining banter and dances. It's the perfect place to laugh the night away. The music runs the gamut- from the 70's to today. A tip along with a request will get your favorite song played. Want it played sooner? Put in a bigger tip. On this snowy night in Charlotte, the place was only half full so there was plenty of room to slide some tables aside and dance to all our favorite songs (hey- if no one else is going to suggest a song . . .we're not shy!) This is a place where audience participation is a must so don't even enter the place if you are not ready to sing along, dance or just bob your drunken head to the music. Our servers kept the beer (and shots, oh my aching head the next day) freely flowing and they were quick with the clean up when the guys next to us tipped over their table and sent bottles flying to the floor. This location is on the 3rd floor of the Epicenter which is quite the climb if you can't figure out the maze of stairways to get you there. And careful on the way down- a few drinks in you might have you careening off the top level! Not an everyday spot , for sure. But if you are looking for a fun night where you can laugh at yourself and marvel at how those piano players know "every song", Howl at the Moon in your place. Oh. And keep your eyes peeled. You just may find me slipping the pianists a $20 so I can regale you with one of my favorite songs sung at the top of my lungs! Watch out, Charlotte!
4	The first time I went to Howl at the Moon was with my brother.  I spent the night singing loudly along with every song and continuously requesting songs that I hadn't heard in awhile.  The musicians are very talented, but I would not recommend coming if you're not ready to sing along and enjoy the music.I felt the drinks are a bit pricey, but affordable, and the service is pretty good...even on really crowded nights.  If you are planning on going on a weekend, you might want to get there early if you want to sit down.I don't think this is a "regular" spot for most people, but definitely worth visiting every once and a while.
5	Need a  night out to let your hair down?  Well look no further than uptown Charlotte!    I fell in love with Howl @ the Moon in San Antonio Texas, so whenever I have an opportunity to visit Howl at the Moon in another city, I have to do it.     The musicians are great, and they make it alot of fun.   Don't know the words to the songs to sing along -- who cares, make something up!   The drinks are a little pricey, but they do have drink specials so it does not have to be a high dollar night.    I will warn you that if you get easily offended or not wanting to sing, have fun and laugh -- I would say skip the piano bar completely.  These entertainers and the patrons like to get loud, sing, dance and let loose and that is exactly why I keep coming back.     I cannot wait to visit Charlotte again in July!
2	You might be surprised to find out that I'm a fan of the dueling piano bar.  Unfortunately, not so much when it comes to Howl at the Moon.  Before I get to that, I will say that they have some sweet offers if you're into looking for them.Currently on Yelp you can get two people in the door for free by showing the coupon (hint: use it).  If you use Foursquare, you can check in outside the door and get in for free (hint: if you forgot the Yelp coupon, use it).  If you're the mayor of the place, you can score a free drink (hint: if you can, use it).With the economy the way it is, being able to get anything for free is awesome, and on that front, you have to like being able to get anything for free.  And throwing alcohol into the mix?  Definitely a bonus.It's just a shame that the good news stops at the door.  Or the bar.What is generally so entertaining about the dueling pianos falls completely flat here.  If you've ever been to a similar establishment (say Crocodile Rocks in Myrtle Beach), you have likely seen a couple of really talented performers who go for hours on their pianos - technically keyboards wedged into piano frames - and keep you going all night.At Howl at the Moon you get something else entirely.  It's a couple of marginally talented musicians on generally the same keyboard concept, but there are other musicians as well (a drummer and guitarist), but no one can sing particularly well, none of them had much charisma and rather than keeping the energy going with singalongs that everyone knew (think Piano Man) they launched into songs that nearly no one could understand because of the volume of the music and after a couple of songs they would take a little break and do a dance like something from Coyote Ugly - even the bartenders and servers.  So you can't even get a drink to take away the pain.That all means that instead of an intimate night spent hanging out and singing drinking songs with a hundred of your best buddies, you get something else entirely.Probably the worst part of it was that the best tables in the house - those in the front - were all taken up by bachelorette parties.  Now I get that they are a business, and I'm sure those ladies spent loads of money, so I completely understand.  And it isn't that I have anything against bachelorette parties.  But to have six or seven large tables (actually four-tops pushed together to form 8- or 12-tops), taking up the bulk of the room, and relegating everyone else to second-class citizen status?  That's a bit much.If I ever go back it's to hold _my_ bachelorette party.  Or at least to claim some free drinks so I can actually enjoy the place.  Or maybe both.
3	Last night a group of about 12 of my friends and I hit up the Epicenter and spent most of our evening at Howl at the Moon.  If you come on a Friday night, be prepared for a 7 dollar cover - and pretty expensive drink prices overall.  The place was packed when we arrived around 10 but a few groups had left and we were able to grab a few tables in the middle of the room.  We tried to get a third table for our group, since there were 12 of us, but a worker came over and was actually really rude to several of us and said we didn't have enough people for 3 tables, that we needed four to a table...we had 12 people, 12 divided by 3 is 4 the last time I checked - it was honestly really silly, but if the guy was just friendly about it, it wouldn't have been an issue at all.  The music was pretty great overall - playing songs from GaGa to Elton John.  They do take requests here, but only for money - and more than 5 or 10 bucks I'd guess.  The drinks were really great, for 20 or 25 bucks you can get their 'bucket', which comes in a variety of flavors and they won't let you order one unless you have 4 or more people going to drink it - it's just that strong!  I left the bar after two buckets and a few rum and cokes feeling really goooood!  I did have a lot of fun, but mostly because of the people that I was with, not because of the high prices and rude workers.  My only other comment is that the crowd on a Friday night was a bit older - I'd guess the average age to be 35-45, and most of my friends are 25-32, not that there is anything wrong with that :)  Just want people to be aware of the typical crowd to expect :)
5	Ladies, have you been looking for that place where you can go with some girlfriends, kick off your shoes and have some drinks at reasonable prices? Every once in a while, do you want to plug in that curling iron, slap on some makeup, put on that pushup bra, and go dance on a baby grand?Gents, have you been looking for that place where you can go with some buddies and find these girls?... Look no further. A group of my girlfriends and I did the former. Free admission was very nice, so be sure to print out those passes. I don't know what people are talking about, but the entertainers were great. The feeling of the entire place was very inclusive, and the band was cracking us up every minute of the night. Yes it's hard to get a table because they host a lot of parties, but there's nothing wrong with going up to the front of the stage with your drink to get a better view. Remember, you meet people by dancing with people at this place. They keep the back double doors open to the patio, so people can take their drink, go have a smoke, and talk to folks while being able to hear them. I'm not sure why people are saying that their drinks are overpriced. I'll be honest when I say that I'm not sure what they are individually, but here's how my evening tab went [I had a friend visiting that I was picking up the tab from, so don't think that all this is me being a crazy lush]:2 incredibly dirty martinis2 margaritas3 bahama mama buckets (cost split between 4 people)------------------38.00To me, that is reasonable, and a little bit above. That, coupled with good friends, great entertainment, general hilarity, and the fact that I didn't see one person who wasn't having a rockin' good time, makes me give this place five stars.
4	Well, well, well. This past weekend I traveled up to NC for the ACC championship game. Lucky me, I used to live there so I stayed with a close friend, no need for the extra expense on the hotel. It was my first time being back in the city since I turned 21 and I decided to have some fun. After the game, I was feeling a little down, so we headed over to the Epicenter. This whole place was new to me. We decided to try this place out on the top floor. Cover was only $3 if we had a ticket to the game. So me and 4 of my girl friends went in and needed a drink right away. My eyes caught hold of this gigantic bucket thing. We rushed over to the bar and looked at the menu. We spotted the buckets and decided to start with the Adios Mofo....yeah Adios is right. Now between 5 of us we finished the night with 5 buckets. We switched back and forth between that one and the Fruit Roll Up which is my personal favorite. They have numerous other drinks, shots, bones, etc. Overall prices were decent. A bucket was 20 bucks....split between 5 people, it isn't bad. Howl At The Moon is a dueling piano bar. Now I have been to others, and this one is definitely the most fun. The best part about it is, they only play songs that the audience requests. You fill out a piece of paper and it goes into a pile and then they play the songs. They whole bar sings along, and has a great time! I do have to say, we finally got a table and sat down and the wait staff was very rude. She started off super nice, but then completely ignored us and didn't even want to take our orders anymore. Regardless, I had a GREAT time and I hope to visit one of the locations in Florida! This is a must if you are in the area looking for a fun night out to just let loose.
4	I came here with a Bachelorette party, so my review might be skewed a bit. It was so much fun - I hadn't been to a dueling piano bar since college. They basically played all the songs I requested (win.) and humored the Bachelorette by getting her up on stage to dance (great photo-op.) - everyone was friendly, which helped as well.$1 beers - nice. And the slightly nasty-tasting buckets of random booze and girly mixers were the best $70 I've ever spent in the name of my friends.
3	You might be surprised...no not really...I hate piano bars. They are right up there with nails on a chalkboard and...oh, yeah...karaoke nights or the ultimate...karaoke only bars. There is nothing worse than forced fun. If you are in a bar and spontaneously sing a song that is playing...great. If it is staged to embarrass people...not so great. So needles to say I arrived with a one star in mind. Atmosphere - crowded yet spacious, slightly older crowd, mostly high tables and chairs, two bar locations, center stage w/ large mirror used for writing silly messages. Service - prompt and friendly. Never really had to wait for a drink. Went to the bar on the first round and used a server after both w/ equal success. Pricing - Similar to other Epicentre establishments ($7 mixed drinks) Piano Playing/ Songs - Songs played consisted of your standard sing-alongs of "Piano Man", "American Pie", "Tiny Dancer", and "Sweet Caroline". These songs were played with the dueling pianos but as others have mentioned there is support from a drummer and a keyboard player, which is unique to this setting. The musicians will also play requests. Since a majority in attendance w/ me were Steelers fans we got the musicians to play an excellent version of "Renegade" by Styx (a Heinz Field staple).  They also played a surprisingly interesting take on Wiz khalifa Steelers theme song "Black and Yellow". Overall - Despite the fact that I dislike piano bars and the place did not have the same cozy feel that I prefer of say a Mr Smith's in DC, I had a good time. This was mostly due to the company and the musicians willingness to play anything requested...and play it well.
4	im a transplant to charlotte and they have dollar freakin beer....i havent had that in god knows how long...YES I CAN
2	I attended a happy hour party on Friday. The party includes one drink for one dollar and the rest at a discounted four dollar rate. I ordered two stoli o and sodas - but my first was significantly weaker than the second even though it was made by the same bartender. It wasn't a huge deal, but  I feel that drinks should at least be consistent. The happy hour party comes with free appetizers as well. They hand everything out to you most likely to conserve food. I felt overall the temperatures were off  but most of what I tried tasted  pretty good. The real reason for the meh review had to do with a bus person (or manager)- I really am not sure who he was. Basically we had two or three tables pushed together because we had a large group. He kept obsessing about our seating arrangement and trying to push our chairs in. It wouldn't have been a huge deal but there were four chairs to a small table-top and we would have been packed in like sardines if we kept the table the way he clearly wanted it. Even when we said we needed a bit more room he stomped around us and was visibly agitated. We were not creating any kind of distraction and the chairs were not a hazard the way we had them, he was compulsive about them, it was really strange.The instrumentals were good - and the musicians clearly had a wide-range of song knowledge. The vocals were not nearly as good, in fact I hate to say it but they were just kind of bad. All in all I don't think id go again, one dollar drink or not...
5	You know, it may be crowded on weekends, hard to get a seat, drinks could be slow getting to the table - I've experienced all of these things on my four or five visits to Howl at the Moon. But, each visit, I've had a phenomenal time with friends, singing, laughing, drinking and dancing in my chair. Each time I leave, I think, "we have to come back here again soon ". So, how could I not give it a five? My favorite girls night out destination.
3	Just ok. Maybe I wasn't drunk enough. But hanging with work friends and mumbeling song I had no idea about was fun.
4	I've never been to a dueling piano bar, so I didn't really know what to expect. I did read through the reviews before coming here - my friend was celebrating his birthday and so picked the joint. Sorry Chad - they aren't offering specials anymore.Quite loud, but the music was solid. The folks up on the stage were rocking and rolling and I thought that they were talented. Maybe not the greatest musicians, but they clearly knew how to keep the crowd active and they absolutely understood how to make the bucks! Not just the progressive pricing to get your message written on the mirror, but the subtle plugs for the $20 "play it now" requests and the $40 "I promise I won't suck if you let me come up on stage and sing". And even when the request is a slow downer - Eric Clapton's "Wonderful Tonight" - they played it quite uptempo to satisfy the request and still keep the vibe going.Drinks aren't cheap and they are hit or miss. I had one that was very weak and one that was very strong. I skipped the girl selling Jello shots, but we did buy one for my birthday friend. Be ready to take a picture when they do. Next time, I might just stick with the beers. The drink menu does not have prices and the server didn't give me an itemized receipt, so I can't even guess at how much they cost.Book a table. Seriously! We were lucky because we got here early and managed to snag the second-to-last at 8:00. The three reserved tables didn't show up until 9:00 and by that time it was SRO.Parking in Uptown is a challenge. You might be lucky and find a space on the street if you're lucky, otherwise there are expensive parking lots everywhere.A really rocking good time. I'm sure we will be back.
4	This is one of my favorite spots to visit in the Epicenter.  Each time I've been, I've never been able to get an actual seat inside, but the outer deck area is very nice.  There's also plenty of room for dancing (if that's your thing). I don't frequent dueling piano bars a lot, but the musicians at this one are pretty decent.  Combine some of the strongest drinks at the Epicenter with fairly good music and you're looking at a really good night.I recommend trying at least one of the fishbowl drinks that they offer.
4	Really was a whole lot of fun! Wasn't expecting much so I was pleasantly surprised. We were there for a Humane Society of Charlotte event on Friday and had a great time. Free food just okay, but the entertainment was hilarious!
5	Was in town for Labor Day and had a BLAST at this place!  Love dueling pianos. It felt like Silky O'Sullivan's on Beale (but classier).  Will frequent this place every time I'm in town!
4	Awesome happy hour spot and always good times. They play anything from Motown to Jay z!
5	Most fun I've had in a long, long time.
5	This place is the BOMB! We had a blast in here, it was a nonstop party from the time we walked in.
1	Extremely disappointed  The bachelorette party that I was a part of was having such a great time on Saturday night, the music, bartenders, bathroom attendant, etc. were all wonderful!  Then the female piano player was unnecessarily rude to my bachelorette.  When we called her on it she responded with nothing but attitude.  It was bad enough that we felt it was necessary to speak to the manager Jim.  When we spoke with him he didn't really seem to care...wasn't even apologetic until we called him on apathetic.  We promptly left and have no intention of going back.  This location really gives the other locations a bad name!
4	This is a different type of bar.  A Dueling piano bar to be exact. If you're looking for a fun show and a few drinks this is your place. If you're looking to get smashed and dance your night away in a club- I would venture across the epicenter to suite ( if it's even still named that- clearly I'm aging myself) When visiting my old stomping ground my friends and I stumbled into Howl at the Moon by accident due to the rain our plans changed. We all had a good time. A few drink specials- nothing too exciting but  at least we had options between beer and shots. The guys playing the piano were really talented. They even rocked out a lot!! Everyone gets a free first song suggestion and after that your songs cost money- I'm not sure how much. If you find yourself in the epicenter and want to do something different- Howl at the Moon is a perfect spot.
5	We attended a free Kellie Pickler concert here last summer.  How awesome is that?!  I don't live in Charlotte, but if I learned stuff like that happened very often, I might have to reconsider!
4	Happy Hour at Howl at the Moon! What a hysterical time.  The piano players are hilarious, butchering every song from Elton John to Biz Markie. The drink specials were just ok, but the wait staff is friendly and extremely attentive.I really enjoyed the crowd mix; the age and diversity contributed to the music mix and made for a terrific time.
5	My friends and I love this place! If you ever win a Happy Hour party from them--use it!! Word of warning though, it doesn't include a table reservation!This place can get really crowded the later it gets, so make sure to get there relatively early if you want a guaranteed table. The crowd is a pretty varied age range, usually running from college graduates to mid-40s or so.We especially like this place because it offers a lot of what other Charlotte nightlife places don't: seating, and lots of it! We can just sit, watch the show, listen to the performers play Gangnam Style, and have some drinks without feeling like we're in a trashy place. You can come to this place in just a cute top, jeans, and flat shoes, no need to get all gussied up like your'e going somewhere that thinks it's more important than it really is! The dress is pretty casual, no one dresses really "fancy" or "ghetto."Fun fact: If you get the munchies you can order food in from places in the Epicenter like Libretto's! They'll bring it to you!Also, the staff has been nothing but nice to us when we go. A while ago we met the guy who made the jello shooters for the night and complimented him on how great they were. Come to find out he had just experimented with some lemon-flavored liquor and strawberry flavored jello and had no idea how they turned out. He was glad to know it was a crowd pleaser!
4	its fun. drinks are great, entertainment is great, i just think they shouldnt charge the entry fee.
5	We went here Thursday for some evening drinks and entertainment. They have great drink specials and no cover on Thursdays. If you get there a bit earlier (like somewhere between 7 and 10), the music is a bit better. The music is great....I love dueling piano bars. They usually bring out the full band with a guitar and drum player. Love this place.
5	GO GO GO!! Go to this place. It is epic! The band is insanely talented. They sing everything from Country to Rap and nail the song every time. Drinks are amazing. They even have these buckets of alcohol that serve 4 people. I was there on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded. Next time I will come early or reserve a table online. But even though we had to stand we had a blast. My bartender was really pleasant and accommodating even though it was busy.The crowd is young to middle aged professionals. Everyone was really laid back. It's classy but casual at the same time. I will definitely return!
5	Every time we are in town we go and have a great time! The staff is wonderful and the musicians are talented! Great place!
1	If you are looking for a dueling piano bar this is NOT the place. It is 1 musician at a time singing a song. How is that considered dueling?  There is no comedy in the show just basically someone singing an entire song. Will never come back.
4	Went here for a friend's bachelorette party with a group of 7 girls. We had a table reserved right in the front which was nice. We were given a complimentary bucket of some fruity, girly drink that was really good just not my style. We arrived around 9pm on a Saturday night and the party was in full swing. I am a huge fan of piano bars having been to two much larger ones before (Croc Rocks in Myrtle and Bobby McKey's in the National Harbor) this was pretty up to par! The crew is great; they played lots of good songs. At first I was really turned off because they played 7-8 songs that are every weddings worst nightmare. Songs like Brick House, ABC, Respect etc. But thankfully after that they went into more current songs and then the best of the 80's and 90's.  The crowd was awesome, everyone was singing along and dancing, we all had a blast! Our waitress was great; she was attentive and kept the drinks coming.  They also called our bachelorette up on stage and they played a song while we all danced, it was nice that they gave her special attention! I mention this because there was another bachelorette party there and they did not get asked to come on stage lol There is a super sweet lady in the bathroom that has all sorts of toiletries that you might need; gum, deodorant, hairspray etc. which I thought was neat.
4	Great music and atmosphere   Live Band is always a plus.  A great hang out in the epic center.  Variety of patrons and the waitresses are phenomenal.
4	Hands down the best place in Epicenter.  Definitely worth checking out at least once.  As others have mentioned the dueling pianos with band makes for a fun vibe.  And taking song requests lends itself to some interesting covers.  Even when he doesn't take my requests the Dave Foley doppelganger piano player has some fun with my snarky comments.  I'm not a huge fan of bathroom attendants as I think at this point in my life I've mastered the skill of washing my own hands...but with that said the guy who mans the bathroom is one of the most entertaining guys to talk to in all of Charlotte.  Definitely earns his tips.  Why not 5 stars?  Just little stuff- could be a bit bigger, sometimes the drink specials are a little confusing (ex. a poster will say one thing but actual special is a little bit different).  But nothing to get my BVDs in a bunch about.  If you're not feeling the whole fist pump club thing make sure you check it out.
3	I went on a Tuesday which is clearly the "off night."  I was in town for an interview and I arrived a day early.  I LOVE the Howl in Houston, so I decided to check it out.  I was there with the AARP set, and a few middle aged couples.  There were probably about 15 people in the whole bar.  The musicians were awesome (as are all Howl at the Moon musicians)  I would love to come here on the weekend.  I hope I get the job!
1	Was really looking forward to checking out howl at the moon. I'd been to another location years ago. Singers tonight were terrible, I've heard better karrioki ( however it is spelled). Left before finishing overpriced drinks.
4	It is a nice place to listen to live music, drink with friends but not the best place to dance because the little space in front of the stage is small. That didn't stop us from dancing. My friends dragged me and my wife to the front and we had everyone's eyes on us. It was before 11pm and not many were drunk or dancing. We had quite a few shots and started dancing and soon the whole crowd joined us.It was fun! But do keep in mind that early to mid twenties might feel a bit out of place. I'm in my early thirties btw. And most ppl there are late twenties to forties.As for the drinks, they are good. Jaeger Bombs and tequila shots are great! Definitely recommend it.
4	Regular crowded bar, casual style, somewhat high priced. Convenient location in the Epicentre
4	I've been to Howl at the Moon 3 separate times and had a great time on each occasion. I've been on Saturday night twice and a Friday night once. The Saturday nights were the busier nights when I went but with my limited number of times I've been, I can't say if that is the norm or not. They charge covers on those nights and I believe it was $8 a person. The musicians are decent but they know a wide variety of songs and really are great entertainers. Everyone seems to have a great time and the drinks are priced just like any other normal bar. Overall, it is a fun place to stop on a night out.
5	I made a reservation here for my sister's bachelorette party and it was incredible! The musicians brought her on stage twice, along with our whole bridal party. They played every song we requested (and are very talented!). Everyone was dancing and singing along. I had been worried about the crowd on a Thursday, but there were a lot of really fun people there and the Howl staff were fun and welcoming!  Highly recommend!
1	This is probably a fun night if you just happen through and have no expectations.I made a reservation 3 weeks in advanced for a birthday party for a party of 12. I talked to the events manager who was very nice and responsive. The fee was 25$ per person and if I went over that number by less than 5 I could pay for the add on there. We also had to arrive by 9The day of the event , my party had dinner at roosters (very nice and very able to accommodate ). We walked the few blocks to the epic center . There were 15 of us and we informed the hostesses upon check in of the increase of parry. No problem I was told. That's will things started to get crazy.Afte  she checked us in, we kind of just stood there in the way for a few minutes.  I asked another employee what should we do and she left and came back a few moments later and took us to our seat. About 20 mins later our waiter came by and I asked him about the three additional  seats. He , with much attitude  rudely informed me that there was no way the could find 3 extra seats (even though it was 8pm and there were hardly filled to capacity ). I began to state what I was told about the event manager and began to pull out my phone to show the trail of conversations between the manager and myself from early in the week. Again, he with much attitude  didn't want to hear what I had to say and in fact abruptly  cut me off stating he did not care what evidence I  had, and the manager I had communicated with was no longer with the company . I calmly asked for the manager and he said you can ask for the manager but it won't change anything. I said that's fine, please ask the manager over anyways . Here I am , coordinating a birthday party with 15 folks...sir I really don't want to get into a argument  over 3 extra seats There was more back and forth with the manager . She stated the seats would cost and I let her know there was no problem so the seats were brought overAs apart of the package , the birthday guest get to come up on stage and do a little dance and have some fun. We were there three hours before finally my husband had to ask someone when our guest would be called off. He was told, if you don't pay extra you don't get called up. WHAT ??!! In fact, it all makes sense now because we must have put in ten song request and not one was played.  All in all, it was a bad experience . The waiter was rude, the birthday "experience " was poor and if I was anyone reading this review I would ignore this place completely .Thanks for taking the time to read my review .
1	We bought tickets for the Nye party and was really disappointed for $90pp. It included a table, 3 drinks, half glass of champagne and food. We arrived about 6:45 and only a few tables have sat. We went to get food and they clearly did not have enough. They ran out of meatballs and chicken which meant zero meat left, only pasta. Not enough at all. Then the drinks said online anything but their speciality and shots. Then the tickets you could only use drinks under $7.25...when you add it all up, wasn't at all worth the money. The entertainment was ok. Only two of the six had good voices. Also, they really didn't duel like I have seen at many other dueling piano bars. Needless to say we won't be returning. Place was a rip off.
1	Party and Event Planners BEWARE!!!I was attempting to plan a party for 50 people, 8-11 PM, $5,000 budget for food and open bar.  I do this same party in cities all over the country.  The ONLY time I pay a room rental fee is when I book a bowling alley space, and it is typically about $1,500.  This place wanted $3,500 in "room rental fees", and they let me know this 3 weeks after I reached out to them initially with all my event specs.I called Corporate and really didn't get anywhere with them either.  All in all, I lost about a full work day and my sanity dealing with this.  Do yourself a favor and book at Strike City or Whiskey River, you will have a MUCH better experience!
