5	A great Five Guys. Huge inside, and unlike the rest of the block, it's very modern and clean. The food? It's perfect, as only Five Guys always is.
2	I came from Northern California where we have In-n-out burgers so this cannot compare. For the amount that we paid for 1 regular, cheeseburger 1 petite cheeseburger, 1 order of fries & a drink, I could get two or three meals at In-n-out burgers. Very pricy for a fast food and the cheeseburgers were not the best I've had. I could probably make better at home. The taste was meh, just okay. The buns were soggy. The only good thing was probably the fries. lolMy boyfriend and friends really wanted to try it and with the good reviews from Toronto, we figured we would try it...just meh! I would save my $25 for something else better and tastier.
4	Five Guys on St Catherines has some pretty great hamburgers. It's a nice and new location. I just wish that they wouldn't pack them all to go. I found my burger gets soggy, and since I ate in on both visits, I would rather have just gotten it on a paper plate. They give you a mountain of fries, be sure to order the smallest order unless you have a huge apetite. While it is a little pricey, the quality is way above most fast food burgers.  Definitely worth checking out if you're hungry and in the area.
4	Hamburgers and french fries have been a staple of fast food for decades.  McDonald's and Burger King have flooded the market with mediocre examples, but Five Guys Hamburgers breaks the mould and delivers fresh burgers and fries of a quality never before seen in fast food. The burgers are made from fresh beef and are cooked only after your order is placed while the fries are fresh cut and fried in peanut oil. They are different than the typical fast food french fry, for better or worse. A regular serving of french fries is gigantic, ridiculously large to be honest, a regular fry is plenty for two people. Five Guys was a much needed addition to the village which lacks decent casual food options. The space is, well, very spacious with ample seating in a clean modern environment. Service has always been fast and friendly for me.So to sum things up, the burgers are great, in fact they are widely regarded as the best fast food burger.  The fries are nice and the servings are humongous (about 1500 calories) and are ranked as one of the most unhealthy fast food items available. Five Guys prides itself on using only fresh ingredients and not having any freezers in their kitchens which means it's a bit slower than most fast food joints and is consequently priced a bit higher.I'd go back for the burgers because they really are delicious, but I'd skip the fries most times unless eating with friends.
5	I'm glad I tried this chain, I think it might be the best fast food burgers I've ever had. It's greasy it's fatty it's filling, amazing ! Especially love their cajun fries, spicier version of the normal one, it's thick with the skin on.I got the Petite hamburger (regular comes with 2 patties) with all condiments and a small cajun style fries for around $8, so much worth it than a simple big mac meal which costs the same. My advice will be go out with all condiments and beware of their portions. Oh and they have free peanuts. Surprisingly good! which adds to the whole meal to kick your sodium level up through the roof but who cares if it makes you happy!
