5	Just stopped in for the first time. Super-friendly staff (yes, I'm talking about you, Grace), a very cool set of spaces and delicious soy chai latte. Brought some scones to work - fresh baked on site this morning. I will be back again ...and again. Looking forward to the opening of the wine bar in November.
5	Finally! There is a really cool place in Cave Creek that serves multiple needs of an ever growing human being! Not only is it a super cool place to pop in for coffee and a bite, but get your Yoga on! Afterwards, you can relax with a glass of vino. My husband and I checked out the place on Saturday. You definitely feel the amazing spirituality that has graciously been applied to every detail of the decor! There seems to be meaning and stories behind it all! Can't wait to see what's next! Live music is a local favorite with our friends and close to home! I'm excited to take my first yoga class there this week! I've met a couple of the teachers over the past year and they are awesome! Enjoy!
3	The Coffee was good and the food wasn't bad, was hoping for a little larger portion..I'm glad to see something opened up again in this space, I've always loved this property, I just wish they could have named it something different...It doesn't sound right when one biker says to the other.."meet me at the songbird's nest" :)
1	OK, I don't usually write reviews but felt compelled to do so after the rude treatment I received at this establishemt. I have been going to the Cave Creek Coffee Company for YEARS and that is what Songbirds used to be. Unfortunately the new owner has decided that motorcyclists (not bikers mind you) are unworty of parking in the front and are asked to take their bikes to the rear of the building. Holy crap. I can hardly belive the rudeness and treatment myself and several of my friends have received here. I'm an Air Force vet, an engineer, father of 4, grandfather of 12, and ride a BMW, hardley a 'biker' motorcycle. I don't have tatoos or wear leathers. Yet myself, along with several others, have been treated like outlaw biker gang types by the management/owners of Songbirds, apparently because they believe motorcycles cast a bad mantra on thier business. Too bad, this place was once a great meeting spot for N area rides, but no longer as the news and treatment has quickly spread.Good luck with your fine welcoming buisness attitude, Jenifer.
5	Awesome place,all of what C4 was and more. All are welcome! who ever started the rumor bikers were not welcome has their head where the sun does not shine. I miss the old place but the nest has eased the pain. the food is awesome,the baristas are nice and Jen is a class act. You can find me there most mornings, just look for the MARINE!
1	This was my very first and definitely my very last time of dining in this establishment. I arrived at 6:30pm for a 7:30pm show. After being in the restaurant for 15 minutes, I finally flagged someone down to ask for a menu. The menu was dropped off at my table and no one ever came back to take my order. Finally I had to flag down a waitress to take my order, but she apparently couldn't take it, she had to find the guy who dropped off the menu and never returned. Finally after 30 minutes my order was taken. My food arrived 10 minutes before show time. So I had to quickly eat my food, which actually was very good, and get out to the concert. The concert was fantastic. But the lousy service definitely left a bad impression on me. I may go back for a concert in the future, but will never return for food or drink.
5	The nest just keeps getting better and better. Great staff, awesome food and pastries. The wine bar is now open and a great place to hang out and meet people. If you ask her the owner Jenn will sing a song for you(she will shoot me for this)!!!
5	Health conscious organic eaters, you will enjoy this spot! Homemade food, natural sweeteners for coffee, gluten free options, non-dairy options...The owner is very genuine, laid back and kind hearted. I totally dig the Nest.
1	Rude staff. 20 minute wait for a drink, while the staff talks and jokes doing nothing. The bathroom was dirty with no TP. The concert area had cat droppings and dead mouse parts all over, and smelled like cat piss. You had to walk around to the front to find a server. Bad management.The bluegrass band was GREAT!!Too bad the service sucks.I'm never going back, when there are friendlier venues down the street.
1	Service is ridiculously slow. Mediocre food. I'm so disappointed. Was hoping this would be my new place...
2	The latte was good.  The double Espresso was terrible.  It was 3 times the quantity of a normal double Espresso and very bitter.  It also was loaded with coffee grounds in the bottom of the cup.  When questioned, the reply was that they were having problems with their Espresso machine.  No offer to compensate. No heads up prior to placing the order.
3	The Songbirds Nest has CLOSED
