5	I was driving down a pretty run down part of Eastern before Tropicana the other day, and I stumbled upon this little shop. This place is so great!! It made me feel like I was in France, although maybe a more east coast way. This mom and pop Wine, cheese, meat, and specialty food store is tucked away under the stairs of a non decrepit shopping center. The next time you need a rattlesnake or a special homemade sausage go see them!! Or, if you want great spices and a steak and a good imported bottle of red, pop in and load up. I
5	I still like Village Meat & Wine, a good butcher, that has a nice shop in my opinion...  Only place in town for Kobe Beef Franks, that I know of, and tis within walking distance when the sun shows its face in the winter...Need a quality breakfast sausage, or a proper aged cut of beef, this is a shop you should try...Wine selection is enjoyable to browse, and difficult not to pick one for a special dinner, or lunch with a friend.  My only disappointment they did not have PG Tips Loose Tea, a solid English brand with a delightful bouquet, but they carried the brand, unfortunately they had a several boxes containing Tea bags only...Village Meat & Wine5025 S. Eastern 323 (Trop & Eastern}Las Vegas 89109Phone # 736-9103JR
5	When I first arrived in Vegas I started the hunt for a great butcher, and I was delighted to find one on the East Side near our home.They have always been very helpful whenever I'm making something and need just the right cut of meat. I do a lot of entertaining during the convention season, and my guests often comment on the quality of the meat. They also carry a nice selection of wines not ordinarily found in most stores, and have casual wine tastings every month. This place is a little gem - I highly recommend it.
5	When they have sales, they're worth going for! I got fresh, delicious venison tenderloin for about $6 a pound, whereas it's normally a much higher price. The selection is diverse, with everything from Buffalo tri-tip to wild boar, antelope, frog legs and even kobe beef franks. While I was there, they were having a sale on rabbit loin so I bought a big package with 3 for about $13.50. They have a large freezer full of seafood and another full of prepared foods [like a wide variety of raviolis] and frozen meats like quail and organic chicken. There are several racks of wines with clear labels differentiating the varieties and flavor profiles. There were bottles for under $10 and others that were quite a bit more but plenty to choose from. There was a small shelf or two with dried and canned foods, like snails, high quality sardines, herbs and seasonings, etc. If you join their mailing list, they'll let you know about upcoming wine tastings [some of which are free!] and sales, which is how I found out about the rabbit. I'm definitely going to be going back to try antelope, grass-fed beef, wild boar and some of that buffalo tri-tip! Yay for quality meat! :D
5	The place in Vegas for Prime Meat!
1	I like this place alot I have never had a problem until I went there today they have lots of neat things there cheeses are great but they get a one star rating from me today. I went looking to get my favorite ginger and lemon stilton for a treat and maybe some chorizo. I walk in and the owner (I think) greets me and said "if you need any cheese from the case let me know" ok I said I need some of this stilton with mango and ginger he says "how much?" I said about five dollars worth he looked at me like an idiot and said "how much is that?" I said like five dollars worth he said "well I don't know how to do that I will have to get my calculator and stuff out you want me to just eyeball it?" I was like sure just get it close to five dollars if you could. That irritated me. Then I asked for a hard chorizo. He said "I have this chunk for sale" and pulls out a pretty big piece I asked if I could have half he said "No I wont be able to sell the rest of it" what??? Are you serious...anyway I was so mad I paid for my cheese and left.I don't think I will be back, they lost my business for now.
4	They even make ethnic sausages from various cultures. Like the Swedish korve I go in for, but also authentic german, polish, and italian options... I'm pretty sure there are a few others too. Neat little shop with lots of hidden treasures. A fun stop, especially if your planning something special.
1	I've really tried to support this shop after they were awarded best of Las Vegas award. I was hoping to meet a butcher that would answer questions. Not in this shop! Any questions is responded with a look and tone that say " you should know that , are you some kind of idiot."  I finally had enough of their bad customer service, and rude attitude( unfortunately cause I do like their meat).  I recently asked why the ham was so pricey. Don't ask that question in this shop. I guess $60 for a 5 lbs is not expensive and to ask the question is sacrilegious .  Butcher just ignored me. So don't ask where the meat comes from, how was it raised, is it organic. These questions will be answer with hostility. I guess business must be really good cause some customers don't matter.
4	Who isn't a fan of a local butcher shop that sells all sorts of USDA Prime cuts at a decent price? I got ribeye for around $16/lb and bacon-wrapped filet, for I think $30/lb. They run specials all the time, but if you get there Saturday evening, they're probably out. There's also a decent selection of wine, a smaller cooler of side items like twice-baked potatoes and mushrooms, and a small shop of gourmet oils, etc. One star off because nothing is grass-fed.
5	Like my Dad says " if you want a great meal, start with prime meat".I have been buying my meat here for a long time.  Their cuts are the best.I also like that this is a small family business run by a Husband and wife.They always have great suggestions. They are also very friendly.My favorites:1) Flat iron steak.2) Filets (cut to my thickness) ** don't forget to get Bernaise sauce.3) Casino roast.4) Range fed chicken ( no preservatives!)5) New Zealand venison back strap.6) Baby back ribs.7) Italian sausage (for spaghetti)
5	We went to the meat market on Saturday to check it out.  Prior to my going there I read some reviews that the owners were not helpful and the prices were too high.  I have to say that I am so very glad that I chose to try it out any way.  The owners were there and were 100% helpful.  I had a ton of questions and they spent time answering them all.  You can tell that they are very experienced and love their place!  We got some amazing 100% beef dogs and a huge aged rib eye.  They were fantastic.  The prices were great!  It is nice to see a mom and pop shop in Vegas.  If you have not been there try it out.
1	I didn't purchase anything here, they claim to be number 1 in Las Vegas the only thing they are number 1 in is horrid customer service. They blame the recession on not having enough stock or staff after you have prepaid for something, but the reason for their failure is their customer service! Thank goodness for chargebacks on credit cards!
5	Ok this is our meat market. We come here for all of our meat(s)...they have quite a variety of wild game, beef, chicken etc. Most anything you can think of. All of it is good.Their beef is very flavorful and tender. We usually get rib eye steaks but have tried a lot of their frozen specialties as well... Always friendly and knowledgeable!
5	We LOVE Village Meat & Wine. Their food is so fresh and delicious! The cuts of meat are superb; the owners are delightful, so polite and kind. I give Village Meat & Wine a triple A+++++!
5	Warning:  After you eat the meat at Village Meat & Wine, you might not want to eat or purchase meat anywhere else.  You also might not like to eat red meat in restaurants that serve less than USDA Prime.  Yes, shopping here might turn you into a meat snob.  That is what has happened to my otherwise snob free spouse.  Beyond USDA Prime, you can also find wild boar, ostrich, game hens, fish and (in house made) sausage.
5	I just got back for my favorite butcher shop in Las Vegas, Village Meat & Wine. This place has the best customer service and the best meat. I have never been disappointed with anything from their store. I do not buy meat from any other store in town. I recommend his place to anyone that wants the best meat and top quality service. VILLAGE MEAT & WINS IS THE ALL TIME BEST OF LAS VEGAS!! Do your self a favor and buy your next steak dinner from here.
5	I absolutely love this place. I always go in here to get a two and a half pound beef tenderloin trimmed and tied.  The proprietors are amazing and you never get a bad cut of meat. One day I will go in here and buy some wine because they have some very interesting wine.I would highly highly recommend this place to anyone.
