5	Oh hell yes! This place was rad.The VIP section was great. Comfy oversized chairs in a small circle around a cocktail table. Hot shot girls. Hot everybody I guess.They treated the birthday girl very well, thats for sure.The place was very clean and classy.I would love to take to my boyfriend here, if we ever find ourselves in Vegas.
4	This was the second place we went on the joint bachelor(ette) party. I liked the booths here and the different rooms. The women here are more aggressive than other places I have been at...cool deals do your damn thing! Some of my guy friends though being a few drinks in got the wrong idea....sigh.... way to kill it homies. I thought the little vials/shooters were cute....yes I said cute..my guy friends who got them would say hot....whatever works. This place has beautiful staircases and a friendly staff...awesome bottle service.... many thanks and I will definitely come back.
3	So I was in Vegas this past weekend. It was the last weekend of drunken debauchery for a buddy of mine. So myself and 29 other dudes roll in a stretch H2 to Scores. We get hooked up. No Cover, get the VIP section. We did have to do bottle service which was no prob. I mean 30 guys and buy one get one didn't cost too much.  So we get 2 bottles of i dunno what kind of vodka and we get 2 more free so that was sweet. So walking into this place is pretty nuts. For one, place is GInormous. 2 floors of loud music, darkness to hide the ugly chicks and all the no no stuff going down, tiggo bitties, butt floss and dudes. So we get up to the second floor VIP section and the drinks are flowing. I think I'm on my 8th or 12th cran/vod and I'm toast. I'm asking why the waitress, who was hotter than all the strippers in the place, wasn't getting down with the lap dances. Yea she she was really flattered by my drunken dumbness...Alcohol, Wes and hot chicas don't mix....sometimes...anyways enough about that.This chicks with the test tube shots were cool. Pay 10 bux, the chick puts the tube in the cleveland and you get to shoot it. Pretty simple and fun!So the talent in this place wasn't that good. I mean you can look hot as hell but damn after 200 snaps, can a brotha get a boner? even just a tiny rush of blood to the other brain? cmon! this jack hammer pu$$y move thing that the strippers were doing just wasn't workin!!! Hmm maybe I was just too damn drunk to feel anything...aw well.
2	As with everything else in Vegas, the strip club scene rises and falls in predictable cycles.  A new club opens up, gets hot for a time, and then falls out of favor.  A couple of clubs are able to buck the trend like a dancer wearing leather chaps on a mechanical bull - but Scores is not one of them.On a recent Saturday night, the club was full of customers, but there were only a few dancers working.  This is a recipe for disaster.  Another drawback to Scores was the exorbitant prices - they charge more than any other club in town (and Vegas tends to be one of the most expensive cities in the country).While the location and facility is great, your experience will depend almost entirely on the quality and quantity of the staff.  Since you have to pay cover before seeing how good the club is, you can send in a scout for your party (assuming that you aren't alone, you pervert!) and reduce your risk.I'd recommend the Spearmint Rhino instead of Scores - that is one of the established clubs in the city.  Check out my review of the Rhino for some advice and tips.
5	Nice club, fun, friendly girls.  If you go, try to find Jade.  She does yoga, so is very flexible. She's a fun time; Let's just say I would be incredibly embarrassed if I were related to her.
5	If you have money to waste and you have manly needs and you need love in the version of a 3-minute song, then Scores is perfect for you. First of all this place is huge, it is the Taj Mahal of strip clubs. Amazing, amazing place. The moment you walk in, they pair you up with a dancer who walks you through the floor. They take you to the bar, where obviously you buy her a drink. Your typical strip club trick, amusing, but i have money to spare...no problem. Once your host gets the idea that you're not interested in a private room nor any extra attention, she eventually takes off. Now you have the floor all to yourself and what a selection of dancers they have.I came here on a weekday once and they had over 25 dancers working that night and they were all awesome. There are, and it looks like three separate rooms and a huge upstairs VIP area. Also, when I came here they had a naked Burlesque, acrobatics show with a trapeze, with gymnasts...everything that is a fetish to me. Also they had great dancers as well. I think once that the Canadian champion of strippers was there that night and a got a couple of dances. I felt so privileged. But when you're here please try to get as many dances as you can get.The VIP situation is the same. You pay about $100 - $200 for 30 minutes or so of dances. Then of course there's the two drink minimum, that sets up back another $60. They rip you off here...but seriously when has getting VIP service at a strip club ever been a bargain. But this is great place I have to admit. It's in the same tier as Spearmint Rhino. I really can't say which one is better. It's like trying to decide which child I love more than the other. The prices are about the same, the quality of dancers are about the same. But I think Scores girls have a little bit more class and professionalism about them. And I am being very serious on that point. The dancer seem fresh, sweet and attentive. I've had experience with other clubs in the area with dancers being drunk, high or stupid. You won't get that at Scores, they'll take care of you.My favorite dancer of all time here was named Aubrey...I believe. When I go back there this month, I plan on giving her my credit card and I will ask her to slap me and call me Betty.
4	all i can say is VIP area upstairs!!  They play some pretty good music here. The drinks are really good too!! Its a pretty classy place. All the decor is in good taste.  The cover charge is $30 but ask your limo or taxi driver for a scores coupon. The coupon is $25 off drinks. If you do get the coupon show it to the door guy as you pay the cover because if you don't they won't except it inside at the bar.  This is just a nice place to get a drink or 2 or 3 , listen to some good music with your buds and people watch.   This is a must stop place to grab some drinks if you are ever in vegas.
4	We have always heard a lot about this club on H. Stern and such so we thought we would check it out.downstairs is nice, but upstairs in the VIP is much, much, much more nice.  Girls are very hot and nice / approachable.But it is VERY, VERY Pricey.  Regular lapdances are ok, $20, but if you are going to the VIP, be ready to blow at least $1500 easy if not more.The hosts are very curtious and professional.We will be definetly going back. :)
1	Went to Scores with a group of about 15 for a bachelor party. We got some free limo package from our hotel. My ratings:When you walk in, the girls are all lined up like used car salesmen waiting for the next sucker to milk cash from. No subtlety here. -1 star.The girls weren't even hot. Huge, huge, disappointment. -2 stars.Besides the $30 you cough up at the door, lap dances are $20 for 3-4 minutes, and the VIP rooms were $100/3-4  songs, $300/30 minutes, or $500/hr. (Awesome, they give you a discount if you pop up to the full hour!) Oh yah and can't forget the overpriced drinks once you're inside. -1 star, bitches!If you want to take a break from the saleswomen and finish your drink, the waitress says "order more drinks or you have to leave. We have a 'fresh drink' policy." Honestly, if the women were hot I wouldn't mind some of this other stuff. But frankly the women looked like they were abducted from some San Antonio flea market, so that makes the rest of their operations straight up gangsta. Oh, and this place supposedly has steak and lobster. What kind of sick bastard is gonna eat at a nasty-ass strip club? Yah, try the steak and hepatitis combo plate. I'm sure it's tasty.We all laughed at Scores. For the money, you could get more bang for your buck at a place like the Bunny Ranch. No pun intended.Class my ass, Scores is full of ugly whores. (I just felt like rhyming.)
3	First strip club I ever went to.Someone was haulin arse to try to make a strip club look classy.  Lol.The girls were alright, nothing too special, some of them didn't know how to dance when they were onstage but they pretty much all knew how to hustle.  The fake boobs scared me though.  They were everywhere!!  I'm a fairly flat chested girl, but after I came here, I firmly made up my mind to never ever get a boob job... they just feel nasty.I was with a group of guys and a few girls... The girls got all the attention!  Is that normally how it goes?  Oh well, I guess the guys enjoyed watching the girls grope each other. Whoopdeedoo.After a couple hours, I got bored and broke so I went back to the hotel to drink.
2	This place is now -Rick's Caberet-and it always looks dead probably since its a very hard to get to location.
5	This was the best club in Vegas!  It's so sad that it was sold.  Found a couple of negative reviews not surprising; as if your typical broke ass douche bag brigade, bitching about the price of cover would like a high end strip club like Scores.  Not likely.
3	This place kicks ass its really cool but I don't like how far you are from the women, Im more into clubs where they are fully nude up close to you, not 15 feet away with just a top off.....Its really big and there are a lot of rooms check it out but go to badabings after!
1	The whores were way overpriced. They wanted $50 for anything goes. These whores were clearly the $20 type.
