4	I walk through the door of a location that is not unlike the bermuda triangle, swallowing up and business that gets its foot in the door. My first thought was deja-vu of course, but after I got through that I noticed the decor.The place I would describe as nice, sleek, hip, and decorated with rich, dark colors. The bar has beautiful countertops, also very dark in color. There also seemed to be somewhat of a steel  theme near the bar area, mainly the area parallel to where customers dangle their legs.Ninja Sushi can probably seat about 60-75 people comfortably. There were 4 tables seated when my family arrived at 5:30 pm on a Friday (their 1st day open by the way). The food? Top notch. Some of the best sushi I've eaten. i can't believe you can buy a California roll for $4.95. We also got a Bubble Bubble roll (even better) for $7.95. Average price for a roll there averages $12, and entrees were about $13-14. Negatives: it took awhile for our food to arrive. You'd think a newly-opening restaurant with not a bunch of customers would try and woo their first ones with getting the food out quickly. Of course we had our baby with us and perhaps the chefs were getting used to the menu, so perhaps we were a little impatient.No desserts! What?! Very odd, we were ready to order. The waitress didn't know much, but I got the feeling they may get desserts, but they were not available nor were they on the menu.All things considered, mostly food quality and price, I give it a thumbs up and will be happy to recommend such a fine Chandler establishment
4	First visitGreat quality sushi. Had a sushi lunch special, 1 roll 1/2 and 1/2 plus 3pc nigiri $10.95. Great attention to detail in sushi.
3	Another great sushi place out here in the middle of the desert. How they do it, I'll never know - but it's tasty just the same. My only complaint was the non-sushi items were a bit pricey. I got a "seafood salad" which was $10, and it included a handful of lettuce, an imitation crab stick, and two thin pieces of octopus. Similarly, the squid salad was somewhere in the $10-$13 range, which is waaaay more than places like Mikado and Sushi-Eye. BUT, they're a new joint and it's very good food. I loved my double dragon roll, so maybe in time the prices will come down and we'll be going back. :)
4	Had a great sushi experience at Ninja Sushi. The food was great. Only 4 stars because they need a happy hour and a few more lunch choices.
2	Americanized "Japanese food" with plenty of sushi rolls being offered - if you like your sushi rolls with a mayo based sauce, fried item of some sort, imitation crab, with a bit of avocado, this is the place for you.  On the expensive end - won't be back.
5	We are not heavy sushi eaters but ninja has changed that.  Their rolls are so good.  Service is terrific, they changed the tv so we could watch our team.  Highly recommend!!!
2	I always refer to yelp reviews when picking a place to eat, but I've never written one until now so bear with me. We're always looking for great sushi places near the house so we were very excited to try this place out as it is around the corner from our house. The decor is cute, especially considering that this restaurant sits in a strip mall with a Fry's grocery store around the corner. One look at the menu, however, and it seemed extremely pricey for a restaurant in a strip mall next to a Fry's. I'd expect prices like this at a swanky place in Scottsdale. We tried to be open minded hoping the prices would be justified by awesome sushi. The menu is HUGE with pages and pages of special sushi roll options and there is no sheet to write down what you're selecting. The waitress takes your order. We ended up writing down what we wanted on a napkin so we could order without forgetting what we wanted once the waitress came around. The waitress seemed nice enough but knew very little about sushi. We got a blank stare when we asked her about their sashimi and she had to ask someone if they even offered it and where it could be found on the menu. What sushi restaurant doesn't offer sashimi? The rolls were HUGE. By huge I mean a small piece of fish wrapped around a giant fist full of rice. The chefs are also very liberal with the sauces they use. TOO liberal. All you taste is white rice and sauce. One of our sushi rolls had lemon in it and they didn't even bother to take the seeds out. Imagine biting into a 13 dollar sushi roll with lemon seed. If you're into Americanized sushi, aren't into raw fish, and have a fat wallet, this is your place. If you enjoy sushi for the simplicity and flavor of the fish, you'll be disappointed. In short, this place was overpriced and served over-sauced, overly-Americanized sushi.  We should have gone to Sushi Eye.
4	Went for the first time tonight after this place has been open about a month. First impressions were very good. Warm greeting when we entered. We decided to sit at Sushi Bar and had a friendly sushi chef that was very eager to please. The menu is very large with a lot of custom rolls not found anywhere else. The choices re cool but also a little much to digest. The sushi chef recognized this and asked what fish we like best. After we replied, he suggested a "Special Roll" and it was awesome. Very good flavor and fresh. The service was VERY attentive, almost too much so. The staff works in teams and is very aware. I was asked three times in two minutes by three people if I wanted a drink refill. Too me, i like having too many requests than none at all. Overall, nice place we will go regularly.
4	We tried Ninja Sushi a few weeks ago and I have to say I was very pleased with the atmosphere, the food, and the service.  My daughter and I came in on a Friday late afternoon/early evening so they were not too busy yet.  We were greeted and opted to sit at the sushi bar.  The sushi chefs were all so nice and eager to help us.  My daughter loved watching them and they even prepared some beautiful pieces for her.  She was delighted.  She loves shrimp and was very pleased that there was an appitizer of popcorn shrimp on the menu.  She loved it and with a bowl of rice she was a happy camper.  I had a Dragon Roll which was delicious.  They have an extensive menu and seemed willing to make anything to order.  Having never traveled to Japan I wouldn't know if this is "authentic" versus "americanized".  I frequented several sushi spots in Northern California and this is on par with those I've tried before.  The service was very pleasant and we were checked on several times to make sure everything was to our liking.  I also enjoyed the atmosphere.  There are several booths and a nice bar along with the sushi bar.  It's decorated in dark colors with a cozy feeling.  The only thing I thought awkward was the space, or lack of, right when you walk in the door.  The register in there and then it seems as though you are right on top of the tables.  I would imagine this would be a problem if they were very busy.  There seemed to be no waiting area.  I am pleased to have a good sushi spot close to home and we will return! They also run lunch specials so I will be trying them for lunch soon.
1	The restaurant was sorta cute inside I guess but when I go somewhere to get japanese food I expect it to be light & refreshing but ninja sushi was the exact opposite! The sushi mainly tasted of mayo & was fried..when I order even a Cali roll I think of crab,avocado, & carrot but it was all mixed up with mayo & edamame had table salt instead of sea salt, the chicken I got was all dark meat & sorta fatty, salad was iceberg lettuce& had basic ranch dressing not a nice japaneese dressing,  the "baked shrimp" appetizer was swimming in grease & obviously fried & To top it all off we had little yellow flowers on our plate for presentation & the flower came from the bushes right outside the restaurant...defiantly won't ever waste my money there! In my opinion a japanese restaurant should offer something thats different than all others like it because there's so many of them within walking distance & the only thing different ninja offers is that it's worse than any I've ever tried
3	The sushi was good  ,sorta pricey if you don't catch happy hour . No liquor License yet would be my only real complaint . I would only come here during happy hour because like i said its good but i have had better for cheaper .
5	My husband and I had dinner here 2 days ago. Got there for the Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised that my beer cost $1.  Happy Hour is from 3-6pm and a great value.  The special offer for sushi rolls - 3 rolls for price of 2.  These are all specialty rolls. The sushi was fresh and the service is excellent. Met the owner Moon who is a delightful person. We are definitely going back and plan to be "regulars"!
4	A very pleasant surprise. We went on a whim on a Saturday night and didn't expect that much with a name like Ninja Sushi. All the food we had was excellent. The Sari's Special Roll was eight large pieces for about $13 and was quite good. I don't recall everything in it, but there was deep fried shrimp, red snapper, spicy tuna and other items in it. The endamame was good, if a little hard to extract from the pod. For entrees we had the Korean Style BBQ Short Ribs and they were amazing. I'm still thinking about them. Perfectly prepared and seasoned and accompanied by white rice and a salad.  Someone else complained about the salad dressing, but my wife and I loved it. Would probably ask for it on the side next time because it was a little overdressed. We also had the Combination Tempura and it was good as well. It included shrimp, potato, carrot, asparagus and cauliflower. All were good, but the asparagus was a bit wooden. The only thing preventing me from giving this five stars is the bar area needs a little work. No one knew how to make a vodka martini and we ordered Zin off of their wine list, but they were out. This was minor though as I just had a vodka rocks and we ordered a pinot. The staff is outstanding and was apologetic about the bar issue.  We were impressed as to the appearance of the restaurant as the bar is nice and roomy, both the alcohol bar and the sushi bar. Also a good number of tables and booths. I second what a prior reviewer mentioned that this is the Bermuda Triangle of restaurant locations. Nothing seems to stick here very long. Let's hope Ninja Sushi reverses that trend.
4	I've gone here several times since it opened a few months back. Each time, the sushi was fresh and the portions were huge. They have a menu so large that it's difficult to make a decision (and that's not a bad thing)! It's a tad bit pricey but they recently started a happy hour special where you buy 2 rolls and get the 3rd for free. The only problem is that the happy hour only goes until 6pm. I'd like to see it end at 7 instead. The owners are always very friendly and come to the tables to check on everything a few times. The service is typically good but there is one server that I've had the last 2 vists who seems very "spaced out" and acts as if it's her first day on the job each time. Not a huge issue but just a little annoying. Overall, I'd highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be back!
1	I tried to go in, and it's closed already.
