5	I just wish he wasn't so out of my area. Then again it always gives me a reason to check out the various food establishments along Chinatown/Spring Mountain corridor in search of those authentic, tucked away Asian hole in the wall gems us Yelpers covet so much. There I go talking about food again for a review for a tailoring shop. Sheesh. Anyways, Habib's is located within a strip mall, I initially went to him upon recommendation from one of the workers at Undefeated here in Las Vegas and have been constantly going to him for the past year for my alterations and tailoring. His services have been nothing short of outstanding and prompt. No complaints here.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this man and his talent.I first went to him with a last-minute bridesmaid dress that was ALREADY altered by the people that worked at the bridal shop.  (The work they had done was awful and I needed the dress in a day.) Habib was sweet and completely fixed my dress! IN TIME!Since then, I have taken jeans and skirts to be hemmed, as well as shirts to be taken in.I also had him do my wedding dress!  After going to two bridal shops, they told me they couldn't do anything else.  I took my dress to Habib, and within 5 seconds, he told me what the problem was and how he could fix it.  He did an amazing job.I love this guy.  He's funny, personable, and honest....and he knows his stuff.  I never question anything with him. I live across town, but I go out of my way for his service!!
5	As direct to the point I can get, exceeded my expectations. I'm 5'1" & petite so I'm sure you could imagine the fun I have exploring for a decent/good tailor. Habib's is EXCELLENT. I had a dress I bought taken in and hemmed and was extremely impressed with the results. The dress looks like I bought it off the rack & wore straight from the dressing room.This place made me feel very, Cheers theme song in Boston circa 1980s. Names were known, faces obviously familiar when "how's your mother doing?" was asked and jokes were made. Incredible that I now I have complete confidence going shopping and knowing if I find "a find" and it doesn't fit correctly I won't ever need the shopper's anxiety take over any more. A++Yes a different side of town, but you're a fool to settle for the mediocre place next door.
5	Looks can be decieving. When I drove up to this place, I was like UMMM this is kinda ghetto. As soon as I walked in and was greeted by the owner himself, I felt a little at ease. Very polite and all around nice guy. I had 6 pairs of maternity pants that needed to get altered and he had me put them on and measured me in no time. Literally this guy knows his shit. At first, I thought man he is going to do a crappy job but when I picked my pants up and tried them at home. WOW... It was perfect. I was wrong to thing this guy was going to do a bad job. He also talked to my son for a little when we picked up my pants and its nice to know there are still places like this were people are humble, personable, and most of all AWESOME at what they do. I highly recommend taking whatever it is you need altered to Habib. He has been doing this for over 30 years. He can probably do it with his eyes clothes LOL ok well not that extreme but you get the picture.
5	I came over and in in the first ten minutes he size me and took my clothes then ask me when do I want them ready and the next day i just picked them up . Everything fit me right and he fix my silk pants that ripped in the middle when so many other tailors in town told me there was no fix to it all for the same price as all the other clothes. This is a person that will do the job good and on time what else can I say really , bring your clothes over ... he is not only a good person but does an amazing job
5	Fantastic man. Fantastic tailor. Have had him tailor all my pants so far (6 pairs) and he has done a great job. When I came back in to try them on after they were finished, one pair was okay by me but he saw them and just said "No. Absolutely not." He took them back, redid the hem, and said he had to change 1/4" on the legs because he wasn't happy with the work. And he made the change right there, instead of making me wait and come back for them. Really nice guy to talk to as well, although his hearing aid doesn't quite work 100% I think.
5	Habib was wonderful.  We mail ordered my daughter's prom dress and it was too long.  Received it on Wednesday, saw Habib on Thursday afternoon and he made a special effort to have it ready for us by Saturday at noon - the day of prom.  The alteration was perfect and the dress looked wonderful. (I was nervous because it was pleated chiffon, but it looked just like the original hem when he was done).  He was very nice to my daughter and joked around with her - it's like going to see your grandpa to have your dress fixed!!  While we were there two little boys were getting pants hemmed for an event and Habib was super with them.  He mentioned he was also hemming two wedding gowns that had to be finished ASAP.  Cant' say enough good things about this place - the building looks older and it's not the neatest place in town, but the service is FANTASTIC.  Will definitely be back if we need more tailoring!!
5	Habib's shop is the first place I haven't asked "how much?" when dropping clothing off for alterations.I could care less about what this level of excellent service costs. That being said, his prices are better than 5 other tailors I've been to in Las Vegas. The level of service is unparalleled. I took a pair of pants in several weeks ago for a hem and to take in the waist. A few days ago, the zipper on those pants broke. I brought them in today and Habib fixed it in less than 5 minutes and refused to accept payment. I can't say enough about how proud I am to be a loyal customer of Habib. I will never visit another tailor in Vegas. Stop in, be kind (his English is still improving), and enjoy the best alterations shop around.
5	As a typical Asian girl who's only 5'2", I had the issue of owning a pair of pants that fit well yet are way too long for my short stature. That and I had a hoodie that had one of the cuffs come off somehow. Brought both items of clothing in on a Friday, and came back the next Thursday to pick them up.Habib is so welcoming and friendly! He treats every customer as if they were part of his family. Not to mention that he's a great tailor! My clothing alterations were pretty simple, but he did a quality job at a price better than other places (only $18!).Needless to say, he's highly recommended. You'll walk in and receive impeccable service and clothing alterations, then walk out with properly fitted clothes and a smile!
5	Habib is a awesome tailor with great people skills and makes you fell like a valued customer.
5	Best tailor in Las Vegas! He gets all of your tailoring done on time as promise. He does it the right way! No games or gimmicks. He is a genuine man with a kind heart. He always, always, keeps it 100% with his customers! He is the real deal. I always take My clothes, suits and or any leather repairs also too him. I trust nobody else with my clothing :)
2	Rating neutral.  I went by at 2:30 on Thursday.  Store locked, no sign in door, no answ on the phone and no voicemail picked up. Perhaps they had to run out suddenly, but this was quite annoying upon making a trip to the store when they're regularly supposed to be open.  A bit unprofessional.
5	Habib saved the tea ceremony for my wedding.  I received my custom made Chinese gown (lace with open drop back) three weeks late - ie. 4 days before my wedding (which did I mention was going to be in LA? and I was leaving the very next day?).  The buttons did not hold, the shoulders were too loose, breast area needed some lift, length too long, and the drop back was too loose.  I walked into Habib's at 9 am begging for his help.  He wanted to turn me away, really he said he could only fix the buttons and didn't have time to do anything else.  When I walked out distressed, he fixed everything, continuously saying, "I want to make you look beautiful."  He nipped and tucked and trimmed everything perfectly.  Not to mention, he had the dress ready for me at 2:30 that day.  The dress fit like a glove.  Same day multiple alterations: $60.  I wish I had brought my wedding gown to him.
5	Best tailor I've found in Vegas. He knows exactly what he's doing, offers quick service and is very friendly. Highly recommended.
5	great work! very friendly & he finished all of our pieces in a timely manner. Plus it was affordable!
5	Abstract: HABIB AIN'T NO BITCH.There are tailors, and there is Habib. Habib could beat the shit out of your tailor; of that there is little doubt. But Habib is so classy he won't make note of that. Just take my word for it. (And don't go snitching to Habib that I said so)And Habib ain't no bitch. He knows exactly what he is doing. Probably the best tailor in the valley accessible to us regular kind of folks. The one suit I possess is clownishly over*sized (on me) and baggy. Habib has never touched it with his golden brown hands. But if I were not "The Grappling Monk"/Hobo and had an infinitesimal amount of style, I have no doubt in me that Habib would make the cheap suit I purchased from Kenneth Cole at Las Vegas Premium Outlets North for 100 bucks off the rack look like a thousand bucks, easily. No, TWO thousand dollars. I don't go to Habib to alter clothes. I go to Habib to patch my Brasilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) kimonos (GIs). I have gone to other places that charge WAY more than Habib and in less than one roll the fucking patch is coming off. If you find a place that will double-stitch it to stay on, it will still look like shit compared to Habib's work. (And cost more) If you want your patch on crooked, the stitching on it to be crooked, and for it to come off in less than a full season: just go to your local dry cleaning/alterations storefront and give it some untrained goon. You will be looking like a young teen white belt that had their mom put the back patch on their KI-brand GI (in other words, you will look like an asshole). Black belts go to Habib for a reason. If you are in the Armed Forces -- I write this review during the sequestration, so I am sorry -- but Habib is the man to go to for your service patches. The BX personnel don't give two shits about your patch being crooked and/or not according to regs. Bring your uniforms to Habib, pin the patches exactly where they belong in the shop, and tell him when you will pick it up. Habib does not tell you "one week," or some mierda like that; Habib asks "when do you need it?"  Habib patch-work is so stellar -- you could roll with Gabi Garcia herself (or if you are in the military, the biggest/toughest/meanest person in your unit), right after she has been cheated at a major tournament by the IBJJF (again) -- and it would hold up to her viciously clawing at your GI and trying to squeeze the life out of your body. And I don't lightly make such proclamations. - E
5	Excellent service.  I drive across town to have all my clothes taken care of here.
5	Habib is such a great tailor! He takes his time with you and makes sure that you leave a happy customer. His prices are reasonable as well. I would definitely recommend him to anyone in need of a tailor.
5	Amazing.  He took a suit that just didn't fit right and made it into a tailored dream.  DO NOT hesitate to take anything to him.  He will knock your socks off...
5	Habib was my savior!I went to Habib 4 days before my wedding to have him fix the many mistakes that were made by the tailor I used in Baton Rouge. I didn't even have to tell him what was wrong with my wedding dress. When I put it on, he immediately saw where it needed to be fixed! This was amazing because I had been arguing with the tailor in Baton Rouge for 3 weeks about the fit of the dress and finally just took it home because it wasn't getting any better and because I was leaving for Vegas.Not only did Habib help to make my dress look amazing, he made it even more functional. Previously, I could not sit in my dress without the boning popping out, but because he did some magic, the dress absolutely followed the line of my body no matter what position I was in.Habib got my dress back to me in a day and a half. Not only did he make my dress perfect, he also arranged for it to be cleaned and steamed at a fantastic cleaners. Once my dress was in Habib's hands, I felt at ease... and when I got it back, I was completely happy! His cost was also very fair. I expected to pay much more for a rush job, but Habib was happy to help make my wedding dress perfect.I highly recommend Habib!
5	Habib is fantastic. The best tailor in Vegas! And he does handbag and leather repairs too! I've sent many friends to him, we are all pleased with the quality of his work. Me, being 5'2 , I always need my pants and skirts hemmed. His work is flawless and lasts through washes over the years!!!! Love this place
5	Habib is a great Tailor. Knows his stuff and has always met my deadlines.His workplace does not represent the quality of his work, but I want talent, not necessarily a superficial facade.I now live in NY State, and bring him cloths to work on when i am in town every other week..  He is that good..   Mark
5	Habib is amazing!  He has expertise when it comes to tailoring.  He is obviously a sought after tailor since his shop has materials everywhere!  That is a sign of a good tailor.  He has so many clients that he does not have time to put things in their place.  Habib will give you his honest opinion regarding the cut of an outfit whether or not it suits the client's body type.  Therefore, you know you will look great after he has tailored your outfit.  On top of that, he has a very welcoming, friendly personality which exceeds customer service.
5	Habib is an excellent and extremely experienced tailor. After reading over 25 5 star reviews I finally rounded up my clothing that needed repairs and went in.  Some items just needed a button sewn on while others were more complicated. For example,  I have a kick ass Fendi goldfish skirt that sat too high, so I asked Habib to drop the waist about an inch and a half. He did a perfect job. He also let out some dress shorts that another person butchered and sewed on a new belt loop. I was talking to Habib the other day, as he had called to tell me some of my easy stuff was ready to be picked up. He told me how he started his career at the age of twelve, how for eight years he sewed women's chiffon blouses then later moved to new York and sewed for American Tourister luggage. He also sewed fuel tank liners for the military for several years (not an easy task) and was scouted by a luxury department store to be their head tailor. He explained to me the differences between working on silk vs leather and everything in between. I cannot say how much I respect this man's talent. He is a very friendly guy. I guess his prices are supposed to be low, I don't know, as he told me to take the pieces that were ready and just pay for them when I came back to get the others. The shop looks a little chaotic, but I could care less as I was just hoping to find someone who would be pleasant and do a good job. He has exceeded my expectations!
4	Habib is a good dude. I had some pants that needed to be shortened (online shopping fail) and stopped by his store on a Thursday afternoon. Don't be thrown off by the cleanliness of the shop. It's clearly a one man operation and he's a busy dude. It's not a bad thing that he concentrates on his trade. I dropped off my pants and was on my way. He promised they'd be done by Sat at noon. Came in around then and the pants were ready and lookin all fab. Easy peasy. Cost $12. Bonus points for having a conversation about NYC politics with me.  I'm reluctant to give a 5-star rating bc it was a simple hem job, however I'll be back with a full suit and some jeans soon. I have no doubt that he'll do a great job. Tip: If the door is locked and it's during the shops open hours, just knock on the door and Habib will come from the back and let you in.
5	Mr Habib is a very caring individual who instinctively satisfies his customers thru their own good taste. Its like he can read your mind upon your request of an item or how you want it fitted. The knowledge of his craft along with his quality products and very reasonable prices is far above and beyond any tailor I've ever encountered.     I felt like I was family while I was in his place of business  and 'don't' let the appearance in his store fool you, because you actually walk into his work zone and sales floor at the same time. When you purchase a product or have something tailored to fit, you will be well satisfied and wear not only his 'quality' forever, but his humble business as well; knowing you got a great deal. I could do commercials for him, but he doesn't need them, because word of mouth sells his workmanship along with his good business nature. Even if he wasn't in business you met a fine human being.
5	I was reading through the other reviews and I chuckled to myself regarding the smell in the shop. I spent 30 years in the textile business.Trust me when i tell you that his shop smells like a bouquet of flowers to me. Anyways,wanted to share that he did a great job for me on a very difficult tear in my leather jacket. He was the only tailor that I found locally that would even attempt the repair. The only way you would know there was a repair done is if i showed it to you,otherwise its a very clean repair. price for the repair was very reasonable and the jacket which was very expensive and high quality was saved. I was so happy. In speaking with habib I found him engaging and  interesting. He impressed me as a friendly hard working american.I will bring him all the work I can and be pleased to refer him where I can. As far as the location,you want violet water served on a lily pad? or do you want the job done right. I have been to way worse places to get my business done. In any event I was satisfied and pleased with the results.
5	Habib is awesome. I went with my girlfriend to get a few dresses altered and get her measurements. Great price for great work. Habib is a one man operation which is impressive. Don't mind him for is bad hearing, he lost most of his hearing when he was in the military.Update: I had a few more things altered by Habib and he did another great job. Just a tip, don't expect much from him over the phone, with his bad hearing he has a really hard time understanding you. Just go into his shop and talk to him, he'll help you out right away.
5	The best place , I like this men he know what he is doing and the price is perfect . I advise  to everybody!
5	Habib is the best! I have gone to other places and no one tops him. He knows what he's doing! I hope he never moves.
5	I chose to go to Habib to get some uniforms altered based on the great reviews I read here on Yelp. I just got my uniforms back and they fit perfectly! Not only does he do quality work within a reasonable time frame and great price, he is also a very funny, like able man. I will definitely continue to take my clothing to Habib for alterations!
5	Habib is talented, fast, fair priced and so sweet. I highly recommend him for all your tailoring needs. He hemmed my dress and it is absolutely perfect! Now it is my favorite dress that I own. He was so attentive to me even though he had about six other customers in his shop while I was there. His customer service is outstanding.The fact that he is the only one doing all the work at his shop shows you what a hard working, passionate person he is. You need to meet him, he is wonderful! It was such a blessing to find him.
5	Habib might be a touch on the impersonal side (when he doesn't know you) but his work is outstanding.  Quick, accurate, and well priced.  Habib altered two new suits for me, and the fit was excellent.  I'll be back with more work for him.
5	Went to Vegas for Rockabilly Weekend! My zipper on my dress fell off the track and needed to get it fix! Habbib was the man! He fix it in 2 hours and great price!!
5	Great  professional, quick, and a good price.  Anytime I'm in Vegas and need to get something fixed or altered I'm coming here.
5	HE IS AMAZING!! He is friendly, and very talkative. Helped me out a lot with my prom dress!! He did not even charge me to get measured or for him to give me a consultation on getting my dress altered like other places would have. he is amazing, great guy, and will help you out no matter what.
5	Habib is the absolute BEST!! He's always attentive, no matter how many customers are in the shop. His prices are very reasonable (he always calculates the cost and shows me on his calculator before asking "This price ok?") and it's clear that he takes great pride in his work. The shop doesn't look like it's very organized, but I swear, Habib knows exactly where everything is, so don't worry if it looks messy.  I live in the Southwest area of town and drive all the way to Decatur and DI to have my clothing tailored... Habib is THAT good!
5	Habib hemmed my wedding dress and I was very satisfied!! I was on a tight budget and He's very nice and fair on his prices. I recommend him
5	He is super nice/friendly/chatty and very accommodating for your tailoring needs (when you need it by, etc.) It is refreshing to find someone who cares about customers this much being that I just came here from LA where I had to say goodbye to my tailor of 3+ years.
5	Came here in a rush to hem and take in 3 pairs of pants (scrubs). Very accommodating  and great service! =)
5	He is the best !! He is a one man show but it well worth the wait. We took pants and a suit and he did an amazing job .
5	EXCELLENT!!! I've been to so many seamstress/tailor and Habib did an awesome job on my peplum tops. My peplum top were $150 each and I was searching for a great place to get it taken in about an inch and others that I went to would just do a sloppy job and charge me a lot from my other pricy clothes. Habib took off the extra and made it look like I bought it right from the store and on top of that it was only $35! Definitely coming back in the future with any alterations needed.
5	The reviews do not lie. I bought some slim fit dress shirts, but even still they were too wide so when I tucked them in I got that unsightly look where there is too much material sticking out and looking like a parachute around my waist. I went on Yelp and looked at a few tailors with good reviews. I saw all of the 5 star reviews for Habib's and with this I decided to drive a few miles further and give it a shot. I walked into the store and he had me put on all 3 shirts and fitted me right there. He told me to come back in exactly a week. I was expecting them to be done sooner but I didn't need them ASAP so I was fine with a week (more on this later). A week passes, I go into his store to get the shirts. He sees me and says "3 shirts right??". I was very surprised. I had only been in his store once before, a week ago and only for about 5 minutes. I'm sure he gets a lot of business but even with that he remembered exactly what I dropped off.Took the shirts home, tried them on, tucked them in, and now they look extremely clean and nice fitting. No excess material around the waist. Guys, if you ever wondered how the male models in the magazines get their shirts to look so nice and smooth tucked in, the answer is having them tailored. This was my first time ever tailoring my shirts and I will continue to do it now after seeing the before and after.A few reviewers here have said that you can pretty much name a day/time when you want or need to pick up your items and Habib will get it done. This is true. When I was in the store waiting to pick up my shirts, some guy walked in and said he needed his belt fixed. It was a Saturday morning. Habib said I can have it done for you by Monday. The guy said I need it sooner, what about tomorrow? Habib said I am not open tomorrow. And the guy was like well then I need it today. And Habib said "ok, come back at 3:30 and I'll have it done." So yes, he can and does work with you.- The cost to tailor (slim down the sides of the shirt and the sleeves) of my three dress shirts came out to $45. That is $15 per shirt. I thought this was rather expensive, but I admit I know nothing about the garment industry. So after I got home I looked online and it seems the regular price to tailor a shirt is anywhere from $15-$20 per shirt. So Habib's is right on the mark with the price.
5	If you want fast, courteous service at a reasonable price, Habib's is the place to get it.  Habib's is a tailor from the old school, doing everything himself - measuring, cutting, sewing, while providing sound advice and expertise.
5	Amazing. Lost about 35 lbs, my old tailor said ditch my single slacks. I was referred here by a friend, and Habib went through all my slacks and we saved about 10 of 15. The tailoring was great. Since I have brought in several blazers to adjust and they look great. Finding a good tailor, and an honest one is tough and Habib fits the bill for both.
5	Habib is the best when you want tailoring .. he is a qualified Master Tailor .... His memory is flawless ...  and he never misses a cut... he is the best in vegas.. Mayweather, News Anchor's ... not uncommon around his parts....
5	What an ANGEL!!!!!I have never been inspired to write a review until now. He went so above and beyond to help me look beautiful for a wedding. He is so kind and helpful. What a delight!!!
5	Habib is the best tailor in Las Vegas. I'm really petite so I have to get my pants, shorts & dresses fitted to my smaller size. Every time I see him I'm so satisfied with his work, I bring more clothes for him to tailor each time. His prices are reasonable and he finishes within a few days. If you tell him you need it by a certain date, he will make sure to finish it by that date. Good tailoring can make an outfit go from blah to outstanding. If you spend a bit of money on clothing, but it doesn't fit right, it doesn't look good regardless of how expensive it is. It's worth spending the extra money to make it fit & feel comfortable and also look amazing on. He even does style adjustments to my clothes. I tell him I want to make a shirt a crop top and it comes out looking like I bought it that way. I definitely recommend looking at your wardrobe to see what would look better if it fit right, then go see Habib. He's made my wardrobe fabulous.
5	I have been going to Habib for over 3 years now, I first found him on yelp a few years back. He is the best tailor you will ever go to. He knows exactly what you want before you even have to say it. He is the only person I trust with my clothes and If I ever plan on moving out of town I will be shipping my Items to him. He is great with customer service also, we have become friends over the years and every time I walk in the shop he seems excited to seem me again. This is the only tailor you should go too.
5	Best of the Best!!!! Habib is a master at his craft! He has been doing it since he was 14 years old!!!
5	Habibs is BY FAR the best tailor I have come across. Been with him for over two years, very happy every time. Very reasonable price also.
