5	Fried chicken and waffle sandwich is barely a sandwich, but it's awesome nonetheless. The full bar doesn't hurt either.
4	East Fremont has a great bar for beer and food!Park on Fremont is now open.  They call themselves a gastropub...and I get it.  They have a great selection of beer (pub) and they do an elevated bar food-meets-comfort food...so yeah, they're a gastropub...just not what I would typically think of when I think gastropub.  Everything on the menu is tweaked or twisted in some way to be more than just your run-of -the mill bar menu.Park on Fremont is the bar I always wanted to aesthetically design, but never knew  about.  Owned by the same group as the nearby Commonwealth, Park on Fremont is just plain cool on the inside.  Look around...stuffed birds behind the bar, a deer head with gold plated machine guns in its antlers, throwback trendy wallpaper, a beer garden that is way too cool for school!  Suffice it to say that you need to come down and check it out.  There is not a lot of good food on East Fremont.  Park on Fremont is absolutely quality food!  I had the Philly Mac and Cheese Steak...yeah, a Philly Cheese steak with mac and cheese on top..I know why didn't you think of this before and make it?  Eat this.  I also tried the Chicken Bar Bites--Cornflake crusted pieces of real chicken with a trio of sauces...too large to be called nuggets...too small to be called fingers.  There were tasty.  I opted not to order the Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich.  I heard it was a little on the small side, but it sounded so good. Cap'n Crunch fired chicken with applewood, smoked bacon waffles and vanilla maple syrup...I will be eating you in the future...promise!...I almost forgot!...Sweet Potato Teeter Tots!...soo good! My only qualm...and maybe I'm just spit-balling here...all the beers come in mason jars...cool I know...but are they the normal 16oz pour you are expecting?...I'm not up to date on my mason jar volumes, but they felt more like 14oz and I thought I would be getting a standard American Pint.  Maybe I did, but without some actual measuring I'll never know.Come here for good food while hopping the happening bars of East Fremont!Come here for a great beer selection!Come here for a beer garden that will make you swear you're not in Vegas!Come here for a different take on bar food!Come here for sippy, summer cocktails that will transport you poolside!Come here just to find the secret smoking area of the patio!Regardless of why...you should in fact come here!
4	My boyfriend had mentioned that the owners of Commonwealth opened up another spot; and that it was across the street from Commonwealth.We're usually in DTLV on Wednesdays anyways so, decided to check it out before hitting up Commonwealth.Even before going to Park, I had been seeing pictures of this place on Instagram and was really excited to go.We entered into what seemed like a chill lounge area fronted by a patio with white picket fences... CUTE, right.My BF knew the hostess; and she originally seated us in a booth in the lounge but, said she freed up a table in back for us.We walked into what seemed like "secret (not really) garden" setting in that the decor seemed so whimsical and romantic. There was a tree decorated with lights in the middle of the patio surrounded by a flower garden; and our table was right next to it. It was so pretty. My boyfriend and I talk about how it would be a great setting for a 1st date as there's alot of people watching and the decor itself just gave alot to talk about.My boyfriend ordered his favorite beer, Banana Bread Beer, which obviously tastes like what it sounds. I ordered "The Unicorn" cocktail just because there was ginger beer in it. And we decided to share the chicken and waffles sandwich with sweet potato tater tots.As we waited for our food, we noticed more things about the decor. Like there was an iron carriage on one of their rooftops; there were baby Jordans (Nike shoes for all the un-sneakerheads) hanging from a wire that runs across the patio; AND there was a see-saw (teeter-totter) in their designated smoking section. Told you --- WHIMSICAL =) I loved it. Also, always love wallpaper and THEY gots it. Almost like Cosmopolitan Hotel's funky wallpapers!My boyfriend got his beer; and we got the chicken and waffles sammie. The chicken was savory with all the maple on it and really thin like a chicken katsu; I liked it very much. The waffles, on the otherhand, not-so-much. It was soft =( I'm sure my eggo waffles at home would have been better!Thankfully, the sweet potato tots more than made up for the shoddy waffles. Sadly, I never got my "Unicorn" cocktail til almost the end of dinner. Waitress said the bar was backed up. New restaurant; I know they're still figuring out the kinks.Overall, I'm in love with this place. And it's going to add that extra chicness that DTLV's hipster scene is becoming. Very exciting to see how Downtown Las Vegas will be a year from now. YAY, DOWNTOWN PROJECT!!!!!!
4	Hooray!!  Another new restaurant in DTLV. Before I review this place, I need to apologize to the rest of our party for the service.  Yes, I admit that I was part of the reason why some of the people in our group didn't get 5 star service. Heck, I didn't even get 5 star service. But I did get what I thought was a very attentive server.  Carina was very nice, gave her recommendations on what I should eat & drink, and even chatted up a storm with me. One thing I've noticed about restaurants in Las Vegas, waitresses always like to chat and sometimes the conversations can get out control where service for everyone else suffers. While I got excellent service, the rest of our group didn't.  For that, I apologize to Terri R, Alicia R, Sugi, Toni R, and Merrick.  Won't happen again, I promise. As for the actual food, I thought it was pretty good and different.  The  items on the menu reminded me of a fusion type Hash House without the huge portions.  Prices for the food are about average to what you find off the strip, but cheap considering you're in tourist land.  I had their Fried Chicken and Waffles with Sweet Potato Tater Tots.  I thought that this was flavorful with a bacon after taste. Their Sweet Potato Tater Tots was something different and thought it was pretty good. I washed my meal down with water, the Unicorn, and some old school Olde English 800.  Ambiance is a solid 4 stars, maybe a 5 during the weekdays.  We ate outside, which was great for people watching.  The only issue with eating outside is the smell coming out of the sewer.  My suggestion, try to eat inside if you can. It will be tighter, but at least you don't get that horrendous sewer stench.  For drinks, you can take advantage of their bar or backyard garden.  The drinks, or lack there of, was a problem.  Park on Fremont was not prepared for the amount of people for their first week that they ran out of a lot of drinks that were on their menu by 8 PM.  Hopefully, this gets fixed soon. Overall, I give this place 4 stars even with all the hiccups. I'm giving Park on Fremont a break mainly because this is just the first week they have been open. Food/Drinks:-Fried Chicken and Waffles (Cap N Crunch Fried Chicken with Applewood and Smoked Bacon Waffles):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=GdRGpzfkvB96qtLx9IuLag#yPmBv7KxicmeCtxN5F7P3Q-The Unicorn (Ketel One Citron Vodka, lemon juice, simple syrup-mint, ginger beer, and lemon wedge):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=Oyv1WrwBhCfkVTLXJmKV8Q#Cr5FTbdQDRnffQj1Sp-6Yg-Olde English 800 (8-Ball):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/park-on-fremont-las-vegas?select=GdRGpzfkvB96qtLx9IuLag#0cE0O4i3lXdqxCCeFhuyvwPS: Park on Fremont needs to change their business hours that are posted on Yelp.  The hours are obviously wrong at the moment.  And again, hopefully their beer stock improves.
4	What an awesome venue--- they did a great job with the design of this place. We were very overwhelmed by the beauty and artistic wisdom of Park. Service absolutely needs to be improved but they just opened so Im sure in a few weeks the speed and quality of service will be improved greatly. The employees were all very kind and excited-- just working out the kinks! Everything was lovely! We first arrived and were seated on the front bar side patio. I had been very excited for Park to open as I had seen images of the interior and it looked like an artists own personal version of Alice in Wonderland. The back patio opened at 6 so after our first round of drinks we moved to the back.  It is lovely-- down to every detail we truly appreciated everything. Its trendy, artistic, perfect for downtown and it definitely is going to be a local hotspot.  Its somewhat similar to Commonwealth but its more like its Hipster sister. Ordered stuffed sprout & swiss burger with sweet potato tots-- ketchup was homemade spicy which was very interesting. Overall really delicious-- can't wait to go back!
4	The name says it all. It amazing too think the creativity people can come up with in the  restaurant business. Think that Park on Fremont literally empty parking lot before this transformation too cool little pub in the ever growing downtown scene. One that more more little cool bars and restaurants really DIGGING the vibe. I think Park on Fremont is another solid addition. I came with fellow yelpers Mel C, Terri R, Alicia R, Toni R, and Merrick. One thing hopefully they do is get some kind of signage on the exterior because if not for yelp (looked at all of yelpers helpful pics) walked right pass it. It located right next too Radio City Pizza. Some in ways its different without sign and peeks one interest see what on the inside. We never sat on the inside but enjoyed the patio and the amazing weather that night. The patio not that big but just great spot not only for people watching, just kicking back with friends, and not too loud they do play music over the speakers. (in general hear music coming from other bars or even freemont street experience) Still can carry conversations with friends without shouting too one another. They even have beer garden but never venture check it out next tip will. The menu comes too the food not that big but they do offer quite few different beers for such small bar. Although seems that night for some of our party it more like okay out of that too. It was only the second night they open too the public so hiccups or just working things out are too be expected. I am not going too be harsh comes too the service. Just felt it was good service even with some hiccups they did great job of taking care of us. Park on Fremont really nice compare too some of the other bars in downtown the bar offers food! It not that big (by the way no Grilled Cheese; it caught my attention for not) but few things is solid options. I decided too have the Hammer Chicken. It not what I expected but suppose in thought Hammer (pounded the chicken thin) not so much sandwich but light chicken salad. Good. The mixed organic greens with balsamic vinegar with blue cheese, toasted walnut or candied walnuts, combine with the chicken went perfect with my Dr Brown orange soda. Everyone else ordered something different but everything looked great. Fan of the wooden utensils and plates. It different goes with the whole flow of the restaurant. For me it does.One more feature about the patio with the white picket fences goes around. Fan. It feels like out in midwest kicking back on front porch on great weather day. Hanging out with great company. Great company pleasure of first trip too Park on Fremont and sure not be my last!!!
5	Holy moly, this is a great new addition to the downtown bar and restaurant scene! The area is in much need of more restaurants/bars. There are a lot of cool bars downtown but the problem is they don't serve food! You can get a slice at Uncle Joe's but it's much more practical to serve food and alcohol at the same location. Kudos to the owners on the decoration, it is really fab. And the outdoor seating is great; you need to get here asap before it gets too hot. Also, it's great that they open at 11:00; bars in big cities are open early, sometimes a beer at noon is what you need.My husband and I dropped in literally when it opened at 11:00 and were promptly seated outdoors, the weather was beautiful! We looked over the beer menu; they have a good selection, although it tends to be pretty mainstream. The hubby ordered an IPA that came in a mason jar and I got a can of a beer called Moose Drool. It was awesome, I felt very manly drinking it. Ron Swanson would definitely approve. The ccktail menu didn't really appeal to me, I think this place is best suited for a beer, or five.
5	Although the food is more like 4 stars, the overall experience is definitely 5 stars.  As much as I love LV, I am always ecstatic when I find a new spot that makes me feel like I am in a different city. (Makes total sense, right?)  Came here for lunch during the soft opening.  Place was bumping at noon, but the hostess staff was very friendly and accommodating and found us a table in 10 minutes flat.  The beer list here is crazy long and has a lot of unique offerings.Here's what we ordered for lunch:Chicken Bites (5 stars! Awesome)Drunken chicken (4 stars and how awesome that there is an option for those watching their calories)Reuben (3 stars - this was some seriously briney corned beef.  Too much for me)I agree with the assessment of fellow yelpers.  This is elevated bar food.  I did not expect much and was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the grub.  You don't go here for the food though.  You go for the experience.  With that philosophy in mind, I returned on Saturday night to get the bar experience and try out that beer list (mmm banana bread beer).  This place is gorgeous.  Beautiful reclaimed wood, open-air bar, super chic interior and a patio and beer garden that are unbelievably cute.  The guys behind this joint (as well as Commonwealth) have truly outdone themselves with their attention to the details.  Amazing.  Even filled with 22 year old hipsters on a Saturday night, this place is perfection.
4	Location Location Location! So lovely to see a venue with style. This new gastropub situated at the corner of Freemont and Las Vegas Blvd between Radio City Pizza & a parking lot   (hence the name) is a lovely welcome to the ever changing DTLV. The decor is warm. Distressed wood is the framework surrounding the copper lined bar. There is seating for the bar that is both indoor as well as outdoor. The front of the space has a minimal patio that is facing the front entrance as well as the small part of the side facing the lot. It's white picket fence that frames the patio seperates you from the fact that you're literally  part of the street and lot. The floor wood pattern layout is stunning.There are black and white sketches of animals/skeletal that add to the setting of the space. The indoor seating is all banquet with booth tables that are suitable for large groups. The seats are upholstered with fun patterns in different colors that add to the charm of the place. The staff uniforms were hipster chic and alleviated any concerns of haughtiness you may have. Maybe because it was Easter Sunday a few of the servers looked more bored rather then being engaging. Hopefully these are just opening weekend kinks that need to be smoothed out.And now the highlight...The secret garden. There is a lovely beer garden laced with flowers and charming metal garden furniture. It is peaceful and isolated in the back of the space. Its a perfect spot for a small gathering. They even have a minature bar that could be set up for exclusive use of the back space.Definitely worth a visit. Great spot to hang with friends and sample their many varieties of beers and cocktails. I loved that they had a unique takes on the bloody mary. They claimed to be out of a few beers because of their opening weekend so I hope that problem won't be ongoing. Mason jars of all sizes for beverage service too.The only reason I deducted a star was because the steak mac & cheese came on a bun. It was carb overkill and took away from that deliciousness of the ingredients. We also tried the chicken bar bites and I say kudos for the crunch, flavor and crispness of the snack sized treat.I wonder if the proprietors took notes from the ever successful neighborhood bars in the LES & Brooklyn, NYC. If you've ever been to the Meatball shop you'd know what I was talking about.The resemblances were uncanny and truly welcomed by an NYC transplant who is homesick time to time
3	A lot of great, but also some not so great.First, the great.  Location and atmosphere are fantastic.  Nice setup.  It reminds me of downtown where I am from so I had a particularly home like feeling being there.  The music was also on point.  Overall a great feel here.The shooter made with Absinthe is by far the best drink made with Absinthe that I have ever had.  A very difficult feat, because as a main ingredient absinthe is hard to make tasty.  Absinthe, despite all its hype, tastes like ass.  This shooter however did not.  I believe it was called the Funderwear.  I could do more of these, and they could be dangerous.Also the shot/beer combos available are a nice touch, and something I will be coming back specifically for.The beer list itself, needs to be reformatted.  There is no organization to it at all.  The specialty cocktails were decent, but a bit lacking in complexity, and a touch on the sweet side.  They weren't bad, but they also didn't jump out as very memorable. Then there is the bad.  The Veggie sliders are a complete disaster of a dish.  I am curious if the people making them have ever actually eaten them.  Sliders 101: ALWAYS TOAST THE BUNS.  Serving sliders on untoasted buns is culinary blasphemy.  The patties weren't cooked very well, and overall they had a slapped together feel to them.  The tots that accompanied were added insult to injury.  They taste as if they are either dusted with confection sugar, or semi-battered with funnel cake batter.  Applause for the shot at uniqueness, but simply a sad moment for anyone who enjoys tots.  I have NEVER not eaten all of my tots before.  I am a fatty when it comes to tater tots.  I will devour villages and small cities worth of tater tots.  Generations upon generations of tots have been simply wiped out by me.  I couldn't muster the will to eat more than 5 of these and all 5 were eaten somewhat forcibly.  My natural instinct to love tots was thrown into a distraught mess of confusion.Tater tots should be crispy and crunchy on the out side, and warm and plentiful with hot fried potato goodness on the inside with a touch of salt.  You want to get crazy, add a spice to them(Cajun maybe?), or a unique sauce on the side.  For the sake of all that is delicious, ditch the funnel cake version, please.This was the only dish we had, but I have heard similar criticisms from foodie friends of mine about many of the dishes here.  Just because you are downtown doesn't mean you can slack on your food.  You are in downtown Vegas, one of the biggest food epicenters of the US.  Your biggest target market is locals, and the locals in Vegas are foodies for the most part.  We will wait for food, and we will pay for food, but it needs to deliver.  You have such a great location for what you are offering, take advantage of it.The servers were very friendly and engaging, as well as the hostesses.  Whoever did the hiring of the FOH staff made solid choices.  Very refreshing after eating at some places with impersonal and seemingly unconscious staff lately.I do hope the food improves, because I really enjoy the vibe here and that location is in need of a great spot to eat at.
4	This is a review that goes from bad to good.Having just eaten at Le Thai, we stopped in for some cocktails and the hostess told us to seat ourselves in the outdoor area to the side of the building.  OK, not a particularly enchanting environment, but it was a beautiful day.  I propelled myself into a optimistic urban renewal mindset and the cocktail and beer menus looked encouraging, though I was a tad miffed that the beer menu was vague in description and had no prices.  Even after pondering those menus for over 15 minutes, many of the items still appeared like something we might want to sample if only someone would come by to take our order.  Where's Godot?  Apparently not on that side of Park on Fremont.So there we are, dying on the vine, but still with enough hope and vitality to get up and walk inside and then back out to the garden in the back rather than just walk out (which was an option we tossed around) and then tad-dah....a little quixotic haven came into sight .The ambiance: think Alice in Wonderland on acid with her own show on HGTV.  Flowers, statues,  vintage plates, metal furniture, picture of horses copulating, freakish wallpaper; totally awesome!The service:  thank you Andera for listening to us bemoan our previous shunning, for finding out the answers to all our questions, and for turning the whole service experience around to make it that awesome as well!Libations: Trophy Wife and Olde English 800.  The Trophy Wife was delish and the 24 oz of the succulent ghetto juice of my college days was not only nostalgic, but yummy in it's paper bag sort of way.
3	I visited Park on Fremont a couple of weeks ago and it was a very postive experience so i thought I'd invited a friend to join me this time.We were seated in the beautiful patio in the back so i had hopes for a very pleasant experience again. Oh to dream.My friend ordered a grilled cheese and apparently they no longer make that but it's on the menu.  I had to be wild and crazy and order iced tea just to find out they don't carry iced tea. We changed our orders and i ordered a burger with cheese and mushrooms.  When it arrived, it had avocado on it.  I thought i had forgotten to tell the server to leave it off the burger but when i reread the menu, it didn't say it had avocado.  I waited about 8 minutes and flagged down the food runner since our server was no where in sight.  I then asked her to have it removed and she told me she had ordered the wrong burger for me.When my burger finally arrives, it had a very small amount of cheese but the mushrooms and bacon were no where to be found. I actually took it apart to verify they weren't hiding somewhere and nope, no mushrooms.Needless to say, i will not be returning to eat.  Maybe i'll give you guys a try for a cocktail but after that fiasco i'll have to let the memory fade and hope that time heals all.
3	I honestly wasn't really impressed. I do understand I went during the opening week so they were out of pretty much everything..... BUMMER. I originally wanted their grilled cheese and they said they were discontinuing it... and then I wanted a particular beer and they were out.... I asked for a second choice and they were also out! I ended up choosing one of the bloody mary mix drinks and it was WAYYY peppery. I honestly TRIED to finish it but 1/8th of the way was enough! The manager did come by and talk to my group about what we thought and said I was the third person to say the bloody mary mix was way to peppery..... I definitely willing to give it another chance once its been open longer
5	This may be my new go-to breakfast spot downtown.  I had a beautiful plate of chilaquiles, with eggs over easy, marinated carne asada, and avocado.  It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious, with just the right level of spice.  The rest of their brunch menu was full of other interesting outside-the-box selections.  Lunch menu looks interesting too.I enjoyed a "Derby Breakfast Club" Bloody Mary along with it: Bacon-infused Old Overholt Rye Whiskey, Bloody Mary mix, hickory liquid smoke, crisp bacon, and half a pickled hard boiled egg.  Tasty variation on a classic morning drink.Nick says there're plenty of places for bacon & eggs or buffets, but if you want a more creative breakfast that doesn't taste like what you get at a million other places, check out Park on Fremont!
5	Amazing envrionment. The food was fine, the cocktails exceptional. Service fantastic. Started out in the restaurant and finished outside on the patio. The small menu is focused 100 beers available, creative cocktails executed perfectly. Worth making a reservation if dining on a weekend.While its not too hot, definitely opt for the patio dining experience.
5	I came here by word of mouth with my 3 friends when we went to the vegas this past weekend. It was perfect for me because I like experiencing new bars and don't necessarily dig the whole clubbing scene in vegas or anywhere else for that matter. As my friends and I got to the front of the bar, we were greeted by this friendly white girl in the front who was more than happy to give us pointers on what to order. She sat us back in patio seating and I noticed how unique the vibe was because of the decor of the restaurant. "The Vibe"-Honestly it felt like I was walking through a scene of a cool beer commercial as we were walking down the hallway to the patio. clean, bugged out, and a hint of sexy. "The Service" - After they cleared out our table/bench, it took a few minutes for me to flag down a server, but I guess that was cool because it took a while for us to figure out what exactly we wanted to. When she came, she was super cool and gave us great recommendations for our food. Got to give it up to Corina...she was dope. "The Food" - We ordered our drinks first and little did I know that my friend was on a mission to find "Banana Bread Beer!" supposedly its pretty rare to find but hella good.  So that was a huge plus for me and my friend.The hostess told me to order "the Philly Mac and Cheesesteak sandwich" and the sweet potato tots, I did not disappoint . My meal had all kinds of cheesy cinnamony goodness. My friends and I all decided to share food, my homegirl decided to order the Chicken waffle sandwich which was also really good, and my other friend ordered the veggie sliders. All the food had a great flavor. It was super hard to make a decision here , because I also wanted to try their burgers. In the end my friends and I agreed that this is the type of spot , we would most definitely do a turn around trip from LA to Vegas, because everything was on point and awesome!
1	We were very excited to try out a new restaurant downtown but quickly became discouraged. Upon arriving, we were told that the kitchen was backed up and we would have to wait at least 25-30 minutes for our food from a waitress that obviously had better things to do. I would understand the wait if it was the lunch rush but it was 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon. We continued to look at the menu. There were approximately 10 menu items, half of them being crossed out. I still can't figure out how a restaurant with 5 menu items manages to still have a kitchen that is backed up. Needless to say, we left and had a great meal at Triple George. Though we never did try the food, I will most likely never return. Rude staff and a horrible menu = #fail
3	I am torn about Park. I love the atmosphere and the free flowing aura of the place, but am not impressed with the food offering. The chicken and waffle sandwich is neat in concept and plays well with the finger food mentality of the place. The drawback comes in the fact that the waffle was almost soggy and lukewarm. The chicken is nothing impressive. The choice of sides are decent. We went with the potato salad and it was good. They use egg in the mixture and that was very good. As the night progressed I ordered the veggie pita wrap with a side of sweet potato tots. This was better. The warm pita stuffed full with cheese and a variety of grilled vegetables was much better. The fact that they were removing items from their menu left us with little to choose from kind of hindered the dining experience.The garden seating is amazing due to its Alice in Wonderland-esque decor. I would love to go back and take everything in. Hopefully the menu will be hashed out by then.
4	I visited Park on Fremont for their Grand Opening party last night and I was super impressed. Free Stoil drinks from 6-9 pm. Any kind of Stoli and they have great flavors. The bartender Cory was very helpful in suggesting a Blueberry vodka and lemonade drink.Service was excellent and we were not treated like freeloaders. Since it was open bar the place was packed but we never had to wait for service. The crowd is late 20's and up, professional and friendly. The layout is great for mingling. I love the decor and walking around looking at all the clever decorations is reason to visit. Make sure you go allllllll the way to the back behind the wall to visit the see saw!
2	I went here with some girl friends after work last week. We sat in the back patio area and it is very beautiful. It is a fun location and I wanted so badly to like this place. I have to say, I will give it another try because that is my personality, I will try anything twice! The reason I am giving them 2 stars is because the Bloody Mary was delish! Our waitress was so rude I didn't even want to tip her; the place was very slow so we expected a little more service. I didn't realize at the time, they had just opened but that still doesn't explain the fact that the waitress was so bad-mannered. When I tried speaking to the other waitress's they were all the same way so maybe it is a prerequisite to work there?1 star for: Atmosphere and location, so wonderful and fun! 1 star for: The bloody Mary0 stars for: Staff and everything else.
5	I'm so excited for all the downtown hype. It's super cute yet butch in here. I love the art, the drinks and the food was above average, but not amazing.
4	Adorable !!!! Super eclectic inside. Great patio seating. Must see the patio in the back.
4	A welcome addition to Fremont East. I came here with some friends from out of town to show them the locals scene. I had never been here yet, so I was hoping this place wouldn't disappoint. It didn't.I ordered The Unicorn, which is one of their signature cocktails made with Ketel One Citron Vodka, lemon juice, simple syrup, mint, ginger beer, and a lemon wedge. I'd definitely have it again. Next time I'll try some of the other signature cocktails, but at the very least I know I can rely on The Unicorn to fulfill my needs. The prices here are fair. The bartender was attentive and friendly.The space is very cozy, but they make good use of the little footprint they have. Be sure to check out the outdoor patio in the back. If you weren't aware of it, it would be easy to not even realize it exists. You'd be missing out if you didn't.
2	I love the patio, so it saddens me to give Park on Fremont such a low rating.  We came here for lunch in the middle of the week at about 11:30, so  It wasn't overly busy.  We were seated immediately.  After about five minutes, our waitress took our orders for drinks; I ordered a water, my friend ordered a coke.   It took at least fifteen minutes to get our drinks.  Thanks to checking in shortly after placing our drink order, I know I'm not exaggerating.  When our waitress brought our drinks, she brought my friend the wrong drink.  We sat another ten minutes and without her coke.  We saw the waitress walk by with an empty tray and didn't acknowledge us or come back to take our food orders.  Since we were on limited time, we had to leave.I suggest sitting at the bar if you're in a hurry or on a limited time, maybe the service will be faster and better.
5	Great atmosphere. Great brew collection. Great food prices. Nice to see bartenders and servers tastefully dressed in Vegas as well. Service was friendly and courteous. Apparently you can bring children to sit on the outside part, on Fremont, before 6:30pm. Decor inside and out make this a great atmosphere for a fair-priced meal or to grab drinks. Ill be back for sure!
4	Cool place. Hasn't been around long so going off my initial visit I'm giving it a good review. Back patio area is very cool, you almost feel like you're not in downtown Las Vegas, which is something anyone can appreciate. The drinks are great as well. Try the Unicorn, kind of tastes like a mikes hard. Guys it sounds sissy but trust me, 2 or 3 of those and you'll get there. They use Ketel one for it, which happens to be my favorite vodka. Haven't tried the food yet, but that's a nice thing to offer considering the other bars don't have food.
5	Simply the best place to grab a bite downtown.  The menu is funky and unique not to mention their bloody marys are to die for!
3	Cool spot on the front end of Fremont East. I love Fremont East, for the most part. You can often find me down there any given night at Le Thai, Griffin, or even Commonwealth when my resistances are high.. haha.  PARK ON FREMONT is a nice addition to the mix.. though I still feel as though it leaves a bit to be desired.The highlight of the establishment is the back courtyard with a fireplace and greenery that resembles something like a combination of the Secret Garden, meets Alice In Wonderland. Ample seating, a fireplace for when it gets a bit chilled out there. The service was good enough and most people were very cool.. but I wasn't overly stoked about the food or the food prices. I will most likely give it another go to make sure it wasn't a random situation.. but I am not really rushing back for the food. The beer selection was good enough also, and some descent cocktails including something like 4 different types of bloody mary's.A-OK..
4	This place is great!  A few friends and took a quick trip to Vegas and stayed at the Golden Nugget.  A co-worker recommended Park on Fremont for great drinks and food in downtown LV.  He was spot on.  The drink menu is great - I couldn't resist the Unicorn (ginger beer, absolut citron, mint, simple syrup, Im missing something...) which was a little sweet but easy drinking.  My friends opted for the shot and beer. The food was pretty damn good, too.  They offer a great variety of options for carnivores and vegetarians.  I tried the veggie sliders and sweet potato tots.  The sliders were very good with whole wheat buns and a great citrus sauce.  The tots are very different that regular tater tots - sweet sprinkled with cinnamon and very reminiscent of doughnuts.  I'm on the fence about 'em.  I just wasn't in the mood for sweet, should have ordered fries instead to satisfy that craving.  The sriracha/ketchup blend was a perfect accompaniment to the tots, a little spice and a ton of flavor really balanced the sweetness of the tots.A great alternative to the usual douchy LV Strip bars.  The atmosphere is great, lots of locals and a younger crowd, outdoor seating.  Great art, a ton of stuffed birds behind the bard, and a beautiful Mark Ryden print by the kitchen.  Super friendly staff.Our waitress couldn't have been better.  She was super nice and very attentive, gave us her recommendations, which we tried, and was just overall fantastic.  I didn't catch her name but I wish I had so I could properly compliment her service (petitie asian gal with a bright, friendly smile).
4	Good atmosphere, good food and good drinks. The Reuben sandwich I got was very good but somewhat soggy. It could have been cooked with a bit less butter. Overall, I would return. Food and ambience was worth it.
4	I think this place is my favorite bar/hangout spot downtown, for the time being.A few friends and I strolled in on a Thursday night. It wasn't overly crowded but busy enough to get the feeling that Park on Fremont is the place to be. Ambiance is all types of adorable.  Quite eclectic, actually. Inside, there are booths and tables and a good size bar area.  There are rustic chandeliers hanging in the hallway that leads to the outside patio. Cool pictures and paintings hang from the wall as well as antique plates and saucers. My favorite part of Park on Fremont is their outside patio area. They have good picnic table seating for the size of the patio. There are cute lights all over the place - on the walls, in the tree. Awesome sign that says "F*cking Beautiful" (I think everyone should take a picture in front of this green neon sign!). When the weather is perfect and you're around fun people, the patio is where it's happening!I had one of their refreshing cocktails, the "Pillow Talk". This is so yummy! Cucumbers, strawberries, orange, mint and lemon mixed with soda and some alcohol/liquor (I forget, I'm sorry!) makes this drink in a mason jar perfect for a summer night! I saw that other people were ordering shots and those come in mini mason jars as well. Love! My two gal pals and I ordered a small chocolate cheesecake dessert that came in a shot glass. This stuff is super rich, super sweet, super delish. Don't let the size fool  you - bigger is not always better. From what I hear, their food is so-so. But the ambiance and the drinks are so awesome that food or no food, I'll be coming back in the near future.
2	$10 for a draft beer is a bit steep when you initially quoted $5-$6, you should have came back and told the customer the price.  The waitress did not return to ask how the food was or if we needed anything.  The slider buns were not fresh and either from early that day or the previous day.  The ambiance is fun and the redeeming part of the venue..  You need to work on your service, freshness of the food, and post your prices for beer.  You also need to serve beer in a beer glass, not a mason jar.
3	What I thought would be an amazing experience for happy hour turned into a rather mediocre dining experience complete with garbage truck/sewage smell. The entire experience was pretty much ruined by this and had I known the stench would continually waft over our party while we ate I definitely would have chosen a seat outside.But ah! The name is "Park" on Fremont, and the incredibly tack-full back patio is what this place is also about of course! Unless you are attempting to eat while foul sewage is creeping into your nostrils. Unfortunately this aspect is one I flatly refuse to lure myself into again. If I go back to Park on Fremont I will sit at the bar and leave the stinky patio be.Food - Veggie Sliders of BORINGNESS. First off the sliders have the right idea, fresh enough veggies, interesting combo, but there was ZERO taste. It was bland, bland, bland and it came with NO sauce. No sauce at all. Um, not even like some veganaise? I'm not a vegetarian, but these sounded/looked yummy. They need seasoning. Please, for the love of all the is good - season the food!Drink - Drink menu is pretty darn cool. Beer selection is cool. Although I was brought out the *other* raspberry beer that was in stock, rather than the one I actually requested. None the less - delicious. And at $10, I thought yikes! But when I saw it was a Pint I knew I would not even need another drink. My friend had one of their Bloody Mary's, which I tasted and it was yummy. Mixed very well. I would go back to have one in the future.Service - Eh. Although our waitress was nice our drinks took a decade to arrive. Although she said she was "waiting on the bar" a few times to us - I can't imagine what the crap the bar was doing - basically, not making our drinks. It was not busy. Ambiance - Again, sewage smell. Also, to begin with we were sat in the front of the restaurant on Fremont street and I wasn't thrilled. With the cars going by it just was not a nice place to dine. The inside was interesting, but the bar looked somewhat small. Return Factor - I am turned off from their food, but I am intrigued with the drink menu and the drinks are what got the extra star for this review, or else it would have been a 2-star. I believe I will be back for drinks and I'll sit at the bar for sure.
4	Oddly charming.  I mean, once you get over the tacky 60s decor, gaudy outfits the bartenders and waitresses have to wear, creepy big headed people wallpaper in the women's restroom, stuffed ducks fornicating above the bar, and caged in teeter-totter in the outside patio area, it's actually a nice bar. I promise.  It all adds to the odd charm.  Everything about this place is different.Let me expand on the teeter totter.  When you walk out onto the back patio, there's a little 3' gap in the back fence on the left.  That secret passageway leads you to an old looking see-saw in a very claustrophobic fenced in area.  If you look up, you'll notice prison-like barbed wire fencing.  It's kind of a odd feeling, not going to lie.  But as I stated, it all adds to the charm and uniqueness of the place.The drinks come out in mason jars, which I am actually a fan of.  The bar service was attentive and timely, even when our large and rowdy bar crawl group was there.  I can't speak for the food unfortunately; I didn't get to try it.  But maybe I'll go back for that (I've heard it's just so-so) just to say I did it and post an update on Yelp.
3	I don't believe I've seen so much vegetation in an establishment in this city since the last time I went to Home Depot and wandered into their gardening center. I loved the vibe right off the bat, especially when my girlfriends and I were led to the back garden. It was so refreshing to see trees that were not cactus, as if you really were in a "park on Fremont"! Our server Liza was very friendly and it was with her that I finally fulfilled a childhood dream when I ordered a cocktail and said, "I will have the Unicorn, please," "the Unicorn" being a ginger beer & vodka cocktail - pretty much two of my favorite beverages in a glass. Liza was attentive and on top of the ball the whole night, so props to her! We were three of those girls boys hate to take out and all ordered salad - two of us got strawberry balsamic salads and the other ordered the steak salad. The greens were crisp - not limp at all, while the bleu cheese crumbles were not too overpowering, the portions of chicken were generous, the candied walnuts were crunchy, and the strawberries gave it just the right amount of a sweet kick. The food hadn't even hit the table when we noticed a sewage stench near our seats against the wall that separates Park (is it okay if I just call you that?) with Radio City Pizza. We tried to do our best and give Park the benefit of the doubt, knowing that this is probably out of the restaurant's control, but then it also became noticeable that the music was TOO loud. I was in the middle of yelling about the onset of my quarter-life crisis to my friends when of course the Kings of Leon song in the back ended right as I was shouting, "AND I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING WITH MY LIFE!" Great. I might as well have just megaphoned this news to the whole restaurant. Until the noise is controlled in the back (is it like that in the front too?) I probably won't think too much about grabbing a bite there, but otherwise this could be a great place to post up for a beverage - the generous pours into mason jars means I made the right decision to have skipped the Strip to imbibe more for less.
2	Oh look, another bar serving beer in mason jars...After engaging in a line of beer questions with 3 different employees, I learned that all they know are buzz words and basic beer slang.The beer list is only mediocre and of course, STUPID over priced.The beer is served in cans... Classy, right?? And when I asked for a pint glass, I got a dirty look... then, I got a dirty mason jar... Then, I stabbed my thigh with a fork, which felt better than paying $7 for a can of beer, that I had to pure into a filthy mason jar myself. Pretty offensive all around.Every drink we ordered took two stops to come out... which is odd, because again, they are CANS OF BEER!!!The food is VERY good and quick. (based on my experience)My table had mixed reactions on the quality of the food and the value.I would suggest bringing in a flask and trying the chicken bites.Sweet Potato Tots!! Do IT!!My visit ended with a request for a beer and a my check. Neither came out on the next two stops. I asked her to cancel the beer and just bring the check. She said that she couldn't cancel the beer, because it was already up... To reiterate, she told me that, because my CAN OF BEER was already on a counter somewhere, I could not cancel it.Then, she brought me a check with items that other people at the table had ordered. Frustrated, running late, and only buzzing, because I wasn't going to deposit any more money here, I signed the CC slip and left... Sober... Bars shouldn't let their patrons, especially those with reckless spending habits (me), leave sober... It could be very bad for business.
3	We came here a few weeks ago during our first stay in downtown Las Vegas. The atmosphere is charming, but slightly overdone. They seem to be going for an LA vibe that seemed ill suited. My husband ordered the steak salad, which was pretty delicious, and I got the chicken finger like option--pretty basic. The drinks were delish. Enjoyed our visit here overall.
3	Only been once, and the food was good, and I liked the outdoor patio area (lovely on a warm Las Vegas night), but I was really surprised that they don't sell wine AT ALL. I can't drink beer... so please Park, get a few wines by the glass on the menu.
4	I went this Sunday 04/28/13 @ 12:30 and it was 90 degrees outside.  We sat outside right in the front under shade or esle I would have melted.  I had the Philly, and a Lady something Bloody Mary and my friend had the Chicken & waffles sandwich & two minty vodka drinks the Unicorn & something else.  It was a good vibe, good for people watching, and our total bill was $ 50.00 and I left 20% tip.  We went inside to check out the place when we were gonna leave and the inside was really cool and much cooler (weather) even if there fron door is completely open.  The bar was packed.  We went tot the back & there is a pretty garden and unique decor.  There was a lil' smell but it is next to an alley.  Parking next door is expensive but we parking across the street in a hotel parking took the elevastor and it brings you down to where Hennessey & heart attack grill are and all you have to do is cross the street and you are there.  Park on Fremont is cool, I recoomend it, and I will return.  It's smack on the corner nect to Radio City Pizzy, insert coins, the Griffin, the Von guard Lounge, and the downtown area is much cleaner.  I heard Zappos dropped some money for that and renovations.  I will post pic's soon.
2	I really love everything that's going on around East Fremont; with all of the new bars and restaurants the scene is really coming together. But along with all those new venues comes droves of hipsters almost as intolerable to me as the droves of tourists on the Strip, so I tend to visit this area during the day for lunch and weeknights. My impatience aside, the downtown area needs great food to go with its great bars, so I was very excited to hear that the new Park on Fremont was going to be serving more than just snacks. Billed as a gastro-pub, this recently abused word suggests a fancy array of snacks and main dishes to go along with a large drink menu. But can this suggestion truly become a reality?Park has recently opened, taking over the failed 18+ hookah lounge that was there previously in a prime location on the corner of East Fremont and Las Vegas Blvd. It sits alongside another neighborhood newcomer Radio City Pizza, and all of the other popular First Friday spots that have quickly taken over the scene with long pretentious lines to get in. I hate waiting to get in to places on the Strip, this new development of ropes and lines on Fremont is a bit much, even as 'cool' as some of these places might be. The interior of Park is quite odd, and I'm not quite sure how to explain it. Striking wall coverings, cool art, and stuffed birds decorate the interior dining and bar area, with a small patio up front and a large outdoor 'park' in the back complete with an adult teeter totter and plenty of lights. I went during the day so the inside was more than fine, although I'm sure the outdoor area in the back looks much better at night. While their menu has some interesting sounding items, it's kind of all over the place and I've heard most sound better than they actually taste. Options like a fried chicken and waffle sandwich, Philly mac and cheese steak and a corned beef Reuben all sound tasty, if not unhealthy.Either way, I'm not here to report second hand information, I'm here to tell you about my burger experience. And in this case, it's their stuffed burger with Monterey jack and cheddar, and applewood bacon. Upon picking it up I bit into my dry bun with a really cold spot in the center where the pickles were sitting. What's with all the cold buns lately? The meat had no decent flavor on its own; it wasn't bad but it wasn't seasoned or presumably anything special. There was surprisingly some pink to the meat, which is a rare sight for a stuffed burger given how much longer they usually have to be cooked, although given the unknown quality of the meat I'm not sure if this is a good thing. The bacon inside was soggy and took away from any cheese or onion flavors, which weren't anything too great either. The lettuce, tomato and onion on top were fresh and ok, but overall there was nothing special about this burger which was surprisingly dry despite being stuffed with so much.The fries were nothing special either; of the larger cut variety, but soggy and barely at room temperature. It seems like the reports I've heard are true: everything here looks way better than it actually is, which is surely unfortunate as I really want everything that opens in this particular area to be great. Still, I'm sure it will do just fine as this food is probably more than acceptable for the drunk crowd that takes over East Fremont all weekend. Just not for the overly critical like myself. $12 for a stuffed burger and fries is a reasonable price, I just wouldn't recommend it when you have better options close by at Triple George and newly opened La Comida (review for their really good burger coming next week).
5	On a bar-hopping Sunday Funday, we had to stop in here, of course.  We just sat at the bar and drank beers. It was pretty dead in there as it was just 5pm or so.  We ordered the stuffed burger and the mac n cheese topped philly.  HOLY MOLY is all I have to say.  The mac n cheese topped philly cheese steak sandwich is the  most amazing thing I've ever eaten in the last week!  Okay, okay, more like the last month.  Seriously.  The mac n cheese was perfectly cooked with a cheesy buttery taste, and it perfectly complimented the salty tender beef.  The bread was perfectly toasted and not at all soggy like some philly's tend to get.  My biggest regret of the day was waiting until I was too bombed to fully recall the experience of tasting this masterpiece in my mouth.The service was also fast.  They weren't that busy so we never had to wait to order anything.  The food came really quickly too.  I can't wait to go back and eat that philly cheese steak again.  Oh yeah!  I can't forget to mention that it came with a side of sweet potato tots which were to DIE for.  Love this new spot!
3	Went in on a Thursday night and it was moderately busy. We had reservations so we had no problem being seated. The menu was diverse enough with low prices. With drinks and tip you'd probably be out the door for ~$30 a person. The music was good and not overbearing. The painting of horses doin' it, hanging in the patio, was really the best. Another reviewer mentioned the same people owned Commonwealth which explains the Mark Ryden paintings at both places. The decor overall was interesting if not a bit busy. Like it was trying too hard. The waitress was friendly and helpful, if not a bit new to the place. When you're out on the patio, don't hesitate to go around the north wall. There's a small, easy-to-miss, path on the left and there's a small bar-like seating area and... a mothafuckin' teeter-totter! You're welcome.
4	Amazing cocktails! They don't have a whole lot but all the specialty cocktails are delicious.... Good was alright is good for bar food.
3	Nice new addition to East Fremont.  I've only been here once and sat at the bar for dinner and a couple beers.  Never made it out back and no I didn't ride the see-saw either.  I'm starting to see a trend on East Fremont...subpar service and seemingly a bit of collusion amongst the other establishments.  Did you all get together and decide that the average price for a quality beer is going to be 8-10 bucks and that PBR will be 2 dollars?  The decor in the bar is pretty cool with interesting stuff to look at. They also have a decent selection of micro brews from out of state, both bottled and draft.  Service this night was a very slow start.  I sat at the bar inside for nearly 15 minutes before being greeted.  Finally someone came over and expressed surprise nobody had taken care of me yet.  Umm, you're one of the ones ignoring me too, haha!  After the slow start, service was OK...basically what I've come to expect on this block in Vegas...not great, just OK.  Are all of the bartenders on this block newbs?  Me thinks so.  Call center tech support by day, attempting bartending by evening is my guess.Anyway...for dinner I had the Philly Mac and Cheese.  What's that you ask...well it's their version of a Philly cheesesteak with mac and cheese plopped on top. I was skeptical to say the least but figured what the heck I'll give it a shot.  So, I'm from Philly...doesn't compare at all but the added mac and cheese on top made it unique enough that I would recommend trying it and may even order that again myself. My plea to all owners and managers on East Fremont:  figure out a way to get your staff to be on point.  The trendiness of your location only goes so far; repeated subpar service will drive your clientele away in the long term.
3	Great Place to start your night, I went there during the weekend and understood what I was getting myself into (downtown was crowded) and still had a decent time. Cocktails is the only reason I would return, did not try the food it seems they are trying too hard in that sense. Overall my wife liked the garden and we were showing tourist friends downtown and they had a great time and thats all that mattered. Cheers
4	Cute bar with an amazing patio out back.  Very small menu and we didn't eat but hear the salads are good.  I've had several of the speciality cocktails and they didn't taste like they had much alchohol in them but the bloody mary was outstanding.  They allow kids on the front patio before 6 p.m.  Nice spot for a quick drink before going to dinner.
5	I can't think of one experience about Park as I've been coming here at least every weekend since the joint opened.  I LOVE PARK!  FINALLY, an outside beer garden downtown :)When you arrive, the building has an exposed, dark, weathered wood look to it.  There's outside seating in the front of the restaurant, a few high top tables and bar area inside and a lot more table seating in the back garden.  It's definitely a great concept and once the misters are working, the back section will be great for the hot summer coming up!  The staff are always super nice and friendly.  I love the uniforms:  chambray tops and red TOMS for the girls and nice bow ties and other dapper accents for the guys.  Super trendy.  Every time I hang out there, I end up getting a lot of stuff and having a lot of questions.  The staff are all very patient which I appreciate.For Drinks:  They have A LOT of beers.  A LOT!  I love the options.  You have the regular Coors lights, Coronas and Guinnesses.  They also have other eclectic options like the banana bread beer and my favorite, the grapefruit beer!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND :)  The prices range from $5-$10 depending on the beer.  I also highly recommend the Unicorn, a mixed drink that includes a lot of Ginger.  Ginger beer!  Finally, my other favorite option is the pick a beer and shot for $10.  It's a list of about 5 beers and 5 shots.  I usually get the Guinness and Fireball Whiskey shot with this deal.  For Food:  The Bar Bites for $8 is AH-MAZE-ING!  Corn flake crusted chicken tenders over fries or tater tots.  Then there's the sweet potato tots!  OMG, they serve it with a honey mustard dipping sauce.  You can also ask for a sriracha ketchup but please be advised:  NO ranch or regular ketchup is offered at all!  I also love the chicken and waffle sandwich for $10.  The chicken is crusted with Capt 'n Crunch, between waffles and drizzled with Wild Turkey maple syrup.  Also served with either fries or tots.  The popular and only sides are the fries, tots or potato salad for $4 each.  The potato salad is creamy and full of soft potato chunks.  As you can see from my review, I've visited this place enough to know a few great meals.  I definitely invite you to check this place out.  It's the first business welcoming you into Fremont East.  It'll not only show you how great downtown is transforming into, but it'll also show you how wonderful this place really is.  Check them out :)
4	A place that has multiple styles of BLOODY MARYS?!?! Can I move in!!? THANK YOU PARK ON FREMONT! It really is aboout time someone made a great version, or 5, of my favorite drink. I had been wanting to try this place knowing it was the sister of Commonwealth, but after reading Misti Y.'s review and learning of the drink menu I knew I had to get here ASAP! They have a few seating options, front patio- (you can see everyone walking down Fremont GREAT people watching). Inside- (dim, bar, tables, booth and awesome photography all over). Back Patio (garden, cool yet strange decor, secret hidden area with a seesaw that you can actually use). The only downfall to the back patio is the scent of trash. They are in the back alley and the dumpster makes its appearance known. They try to hide the scent by burning incense but it doesn't do it 100%.The drinks are $10 each, with the exception of one bloody mary that comes with bacon and an egg. That one is $12. I tried 2 different versions. The first was the Texas Tuxedo infused with cucumber and basil. It was more refreshing than your average mary. The second was a Lady Cave which was pretty much a classic served with celery and I added olives. I will be risky next time and try the whiskey mary. Didn't want to mix my liquors too early on this trip. Food was 3 outta 5 stars. I had the hammered chicken which was a chicken salad with baby greens, candied nuts and either blue or goat cheese I truly cant remember. Probably because there was so little of it in my salad. It was mostly chicken and lettuce and the chicken was a tad dry. My bf got the ruben, and it was basic but good. I want to come back and sit inside and on the front patio so I can experience everything. Also I have heard they have a few new menu items and I have a feeling this place will only improve. Can't wait to come try the rest of the drinks and grub!
4	Cute little hip place that seems to only have one server holding it down when we visited, but holding it down well. We did get ID before entering, so it looks like it is 21 and over only. We wanted to chill in the front area and downtown people watch as dined and got our drink on.  We perused the laid back backyard.  Its like a backyard BBQ get together in there.  I ordered the Unicorn for my drink, and it was like sipping on basil/mint water, it was that refreshing!  I haven't been served alcohol in a mason jar in such a long time, what a nice country feeling.  I'm curious to try their bloody mary with hard boiled egg..wasn't in the mood that day, but next time Im willing to try it.  I also tried the fried chicken and waffle sandwich.  Its a crispy boneless chicken breast between thick waffles that is drizzled in maple syrup.  It was yummy and filling, I didn't even finish everything.  Not too many items on the food menu, but I would categorized this place more for chillin' and relaxing with the homies type of place. Awesome spot to start off the night when you are in downtown.
1	The place had a lot of potential but they lack the right customer service and the hostesses almost create an uncomfortable atmosphere. Food is good, drinks are good, service is absolutely terrible.
5	Somehow I missed reviewing this place after going there every night for a week.  I'm a pretty big fan of this place, only because it seems like the only real alternative option to my favorite bar The Griffin.  Commonwealth is great but has a line a lot, and Downtown Cocktail Room is also great but is usually empty.  I don't care for the other bars on the block.Park is great because there's 3 distinct areas that each have their own vibe... the front patio, where you can chill and people watch, and it's awesome if the weather is good.  Inside the bar it's just your run of the mill bar, but has it's own style of exposed wood and stuffed animals (not what you think).  And then out back is this huge backyard playground that if you wandered in off the street you'd never find.The bartenders I've dealt with here have all been pretty damn friendly, and that goes a long way to my bar selection.  Add a good beer list and not too expensive prices and you've got a winner in my book.
5	WOW is all I can say! I have been wanting to come to this restaurant every since my LV friends started writing reviews about this place! Since we were in town celebrating our anniversary, I thought this would be a semi romantic spot to enjoy some good food, drinks and enjoy being in DTLV under the night sky! I made a reservation a week before we came into town, Sarah (I believe was her name) took all my information down and answered all my questions (most important: what time does the kitchen stop serving food? Her answer 1:00 am... SCORE)  I also mentioned that we were coming there to celebrate our anniversary to which she got an excited tone to her voice and said this is a great place to do that. I will put you outside in the back garden; I know you will love it! On the night we had our 10:00 pm reservation we were running behind taking our anniversary photos, I called in to see if we could move it to 11:00 pm. The manager answered and said that will not be a problem.Parking is either on the street or in a parking lot, we opted for the street. We have not been to DTLV for a while and had no idea on the huge changes it has been undergoing. In addition, I must say DTLV you are starting to clean up really well. Instead of all weirdoes, there is more of a hipster meets college meets semi professional vibe going on in that area! We walked up and was greeted the by security who ID'd us. I told him we had a reservation and where should we go (total noob moment) he said that the manager could help us and on cue out, he walked. He asked if we would like to sit outside in front, inside at the bar or outside in the garden. I said the garden would be nice.  We were lead out to the back area, I fell in love with the hall leading out the back door chandeliers of all shapes, and sizes were hung up high!Walking out into the garden area was beautiful, surreal, and cozy all rolled into one! It is a little vintage, a little Alice in wonderland/Mad Hatter tea party-ish.We were seated at a smaller table, to which the manager apologized that the bigger tables were taken at the moment. It was not an issue at all to us. He said that the menus/drink menu were on the table and our waitress will be right with us. He wished us a Happy Anniversary too!Our waitress Carina was super outgoing and friendly. She came by and took our drink orders. I was quite impressed as she was the only waitress that was serving everyone who was outside! Our drinks were delivered to our table as we took in more of our surroundings. Loved the neon lime green electric sign on the wall that said "Fucking Beautiful." High above us was a vintage-gothic Cinderella carriage complete with a chandelier inside! Various humorous paintings were hung around along with vintage statues. We were told before we left to check out the smoking area and the famous seesaw. Which we did after dinner, sadly we did not get to take a ride of the 'saw as there were already a couple of fun loving people who were waiting!Our waitress came back and said she wanted to move us to a bigger table that opened up. She said she felt bad that we had this tiny table. So we moved across from where we were seated. She then asked if we were ready to order, which we were:Had the Fried Chicken and waffles with fries on the side. I have no clue why some of these reviews complained that the food was mediocre or lacked any taste. Both Minh's and my dinner were tasty! FYI I fell in love with his tater tots (but I will leave that for him to review) my waffles were huge and fluffy with just enough syrup and powdered sugar to top it off! The fried chicken was cook to a golden brown and was tender and juicy on the inside! I was able to finish one part of the sandwich and was working on the second half when I started to realize I was getting full! During our meal, Carina made sure we were happy with our meal, she had our drinks refilled and brought out to us! After we were finished with our dinner, we were told that the restaurant had a surprise for us. A couple of moments later a waiter brought us this HUGE chocolate chip ice cream sandwich cookie! We were wished a Happy Anniversary by Carina and if we needed anything else to let her know.The cookie was a little hard on top but the ice cream was delicious and made the bottom cookie soft and more enjoyable to eat! However, being we were already full it was hard to enjoy such a lovely and thoughtful gift! I had a couple of bites of everything before I tapped out for the night! Prices and quantity of food was not bad at all! A++++ to Carina and the night manager (who worked on 5/19) thank you so much guys for making our special night more enjoyable! I think Minh and I found a new hang out spot in DTLV for good food, and radtastic drinks!!
3	I love all of these new doors opening Downtown. Its starting to look like a real metropolitan downtown! I have been wanting to come here since it opened and finally had the chance to stop in Saturday night. The hostess was super friendly and gave us our choice of seating. We chose the backyard garden as I heard it smells of nagchampa, which I could definitely get behind. The decor is very original, if not a bit, 'hipster', but delightfully so. Think Vice magazine in restaurant form. Having already eaten, we opted for the very clever drink menu. I started with the Unicorn, which was delicious. We sat and nursed our drinks for a couple hours without being rushed or hurried to clear the table even after business picked up around 10:30. I ordered a second drink and shortly after receiving it, asked our server if they could hold the table for five minutes so that we could hop into the back-backyard to smoke. She said that'd be fine so we went and played on the teeter totter (yes, the teeter totter) for a few minutes. When we returned my almost-full second drink as well as our other beverages had been completely cleared and the table was reset for new service. We continued to sit and chat while waiting for our check to come. Our server walked by a few times and hesitated, noticing our table was completely cleared. She didn't comment on this and went about her business, serving up many rounds of shots and drinks to a nearby table. Finally, upon receiving our check, we waited another 20 minutes before we could get her back to the table. I explained to her that I didn't get to enjoy my second drink as the table was cleared while we were out back. Without hesitation she apologized and had it removed from our bill. Though, I was happy with the location, atmosphere and drink selection, I was disappointed in the service. There were a lot of people there, but a lot of them seemed to be standing around bored as one or two were running in circles. I will come back to try the food as I have heard amazing things, but we'll make sure to take turns smoking to ensure our table remains ours.
4	Park on Fremont on a slower night is the perfect place to be!! You get to really enjoy the atmosphere and get better food/drink service. Even though the menu is short, it had many items to choose from.  I ordered one of their bloody marys (Texas Tuxedo) to start the night off along with some healthy dishes - chicken wrap & a strawberry salad.  Each of my friends ordered something different, that way we can try out more items on the menu to see what their BEST dish is.  Their steak salad was definitely more delicious than the strawberry salad.  The mac n' cheese philly cheese steak was very interesting.  Yes, very fattening and yummy!  One thing I would do differently (just because I'm really into texture) I would bake some Panko on top of the mac n' cheese to make it have a crununnnnccchhh :)  Their nachos was different.  They placed the steak flank and egg separately on the side of the chips.  I think for the night my favorite was their steak salad :P     I love their back patio!! You don't feel like you're in Vegas.  There are just random stuff all over to look at and take pictures with/of.  I love the greenery and the lightings of the place.  It makes the ambiance of the place very relax and refreshing.  Btw, where else can you find adult see-saw!? lol
3	Pros: extensive beer menu (Fruli and Purple Haze!), great atmosphere, funky art, solid bartenders/servers, great patio, yummy food, lots and lots of plants, teeter totter!Cons: back patio smells like sewage (every time I have been here), food menu is a little spendy for what you get. Seriously, back patio needs an intervention, which is a shame because it is such a nice outdoor space.
5	I was in town on business from Chicago and I was so pleased when my friends brought me here. I come to Vegas regularly but this cool hipster bar reminded me of home. The decor is awesome and unexpected. I loved the back patio. We sat in front of the open bar along the street and it was a great social environment. I loved the uniforms of the staff, and it didn't hurt that they were all basically super models. Great beer selection, great service and local flair without an overdose of tourists. I'll be back for sure.
4	Sooo...I'm not a big fan of the drinks (especially compared to some of the newer downtown spots), but I love the outdoor atmosphere. I'm a sucker for twinkling lights. I had the vegetarian sliders and the sweet potato tots and thought they were great. My better half claimed they were mediocre at best.
4	Quality lunch spot.  We got the chicken bites as an appetizer but I was bummed I had to split them, they were pretty solid.  Great crunch and crisp yet perfectly done on the inside.One turn off was that the burgers are not cooked to order.  I had a burger all lined up but the lowest temp they offer is med-well...kind of bush league in my book.  Instead I opted for the Philly Steak with Mac and Cheese.  The bread was terrific which I find to sometimes can ruin a sandwich like this if it is too hard.  The steak and peppers were tasty but I thought the mac and cheese could have been better.  Maybe spicier, maybe cheesier, something.  Overall though, the more I ate, the more I enjoyed it.They have a nice beer and drink list and the decor inside is pretty sweet.  To me, this is a great alternative to a lot of other places in the downtown area.
4	Adorable spot on the end of Fremont St that we luckily stumbled upon. Salads were good. The decor is peculiar but intriguing. There's a garden in the back as well. Drinks were interesting. Def check this out if you're on Fremont St!
4	Park on Fremont is a great place to not feel like you're in Vegas. As an aside: don't you feel like people say that a lot? Like, "oh, go up to Mt. Charleston, you won't feel like you're in Vegas." Or "x place doesn't feel like it should be in Vegas." If we feel that way and we are so quick to point it out, why are we in Vegas then? Just a thought. Anyway. Enormous beer list and cocktail menu. Awesome decor. Not super unreasonable prices. I didn't try the food but the drinks are great and the atmosphere provides for good conversation. One sour (literally) spot: wafts of sewage can and will spoil your afternoon patio experience. They burn incense to try to cover it up, but just like the other smell that incense usually tries to cover up: it can only go so far. Sucks for Park because there's nothing they can really do about it. Vegas vacation :)
4	The staff at Park is refreshingly friendly and welcoming.  None of the typical douchebaggery-at-the-door that infects much of Fremont East exists here. All smoking is relegated to the delightful see-saw area in the very  back of the courtyard.  This means I can sit at the bar both inside and outside AND in the courtyard dining area without the stench of cigarettes.  That in itself is reason to hang out at the very eccentric Park.  Couple this with the $10 beer-and-a-shot menu --and I mean GOOD beer and GOOD shots, I had a Wexford's Irish Cream Ale and a Jameson-- and I find the Park as the first Fremont East Bar to make it into my 'downtown rounds' list.*I'm a bit sad that they got rid of the veggie sliders, without those, I see little reason to grub here.  But I will still drink here.
3	Horrible first impression only made up by the fact that I enjoyed the food.... let me explain:A friend arrived before we did and got our table. Ordered 3 waters for the table so we would have water when we arrived. Waitress brought 1 water. We arrived and waited a good 7-8 minutes for the server to come take our drink/food order. Drinks took about 20 minutes to arrive (not kidding). I hate, hate, hate waiting on service especially when the server doesn't acknowledge the wait. I was very ready to walk off but was looking forward to trying the food and my options were limited at that point with the amount of time I had before I had to go to work.Ordered the fried chicken and waffle sandwich... it was really good. Both were cooked just the way I like it and I would absolutely order again. Sweet potato tots were as good as expected... I find I never really can complain about anything sweet potato.Blue Moon in a can.... didn't offer me a glass or an orange slice. Defeats the purpose of a blue moon to me.Horrible service... seemed like they had one server for about 10 tables. It was not a Tuesday afternoon... it was a Saturday night!!! Pretty sure there were more girls at the host stand then they had serving.Decor is cool and outside seating is a huge plus. Love people watching downtown!
5	Just in love. This bar is amazing, right in the middle of Downtown Vegas, super cozy and vintage looking. Now, here's the best part... the patio is gorgeous, and there is a wall, you go behind it to the smoking section and WHAM! There is a teeter totter. Just loved this place, I would suggest it to anyone.
3	Cant comment on the drinks but they looked like works of art. Food is so-so. So what can I comment on? Two things, one up & one down:Pro: The decor. This is one of the most unique places you'll enter in Vegas or elsewhere. For that alone, you should definitely make a special trip to visit. Con: Staff. Most seemed to be in a faraway place. Welcoming host at the front door (blond girl, tall with sleeve tattoo) was, well, not all that welcoming. Seemed to want to leave. Gave me an unhappy face, waved over to my seat, and immediately resumed looking back down at her book. Oh well, we're all entitled to a bad day and maybe that's all it was.Check it out for the uniqueness if nothing else.
4	So unique, finally Vegas is beginning to have a culture. Food was a little greasy, but great. Awesome happy hour with food and drink specials! The decorations and ambiance was calming yet it made you feel like you were in San Francisco which I loved! the staff could have split up their little talking parties behind the bar and pay more attention to the guests a little more often, but other than that I will be coming back agian and again!
5	Park is one of the places I'm always sure to hit up when I get a group of friends together to head downtown.  Friday and Saturday nights are definitely their busiest, as to be expected, but the hostess we met (Nita) was very helpful in getting us seated fairly quickly for how busy it was!  We have run into her before in our weekly adventures downtown.  It's awesome to see that this business employs people who make sure to put their customers first!I have yet to try the food here, but they do have a good $10 beer and a shot special.  And this special doesn't have to involve a well shot.  When they have it, I usually get a Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA (usually around $14 a bottle in most bars) with a Jameson shot.  Definitely a good value!As far as their other drinks go, their Bloody Mary drink (made with tequila) is great! Definitely recommend it if you're up to trying something a little different.  This place is more than worth a try if you haven't stopped by already!
2	...Yeah i'm just not impressed. Sure the place is artsy in a new young people's hipster vibe everyone seems to find...aesthetically pleasing...When it comes down to it the food is overpriced for the portion sizes and there's little to nothing special about it that hasnt been done before...at a third the price....for double the size. Presentation is second to none as well. If you're ordering a burger, or in my case the chicken wrap, what you'll get is your wrap on a tray with side of choice and the smallest disposable ramekin of i guess honey mustard. The drink menu could use some revision...pricing for one. A wipe down with some disinfectant spray for others.Yeah not impressed. With all the other options on fremont street offering the same drinks for a fraction of the price...unlike you find everything pleasing i wouldnt recommend. Yelp 100 - 033 of 100
2	Park On Fremont has a very ethereal atmosphere. With whimsical artwork and wallpaper, chandeliers, and an outdoor garden patio, I can see this place as a regular haunt for some folks as it does take you out of the Vegas mindset.I was disappointed in the presentation of our drinks on my (first) outing here. Our cocktails and water were served in those cheap plastic cups, not the mason jars that I've seen in pictures and reviews. Do they only roll them out at a certain time or for certain people? The drinks themselves were not bad. We also had some overpriced-for-the-portion chips and salsaCould use some better service. My drink did not come out with everyone else's. Thinking that the bartender was backed up, I waited. After my companions were 70% finished with their drinks, I asked our server to check. 5 minutes later she comes back with it, no explanation why my drink took so long. Also, our water was not refilled, despite seeing our server go around with a pitcher every so often. Not good in my eyes, as during my server days, I was taught to always offer/keep water filled when people are drinking for a long period.
4	Had to stop in and try this place out. We split one of their fried chicken and waffle sandwiches. That thing was a beast.  Two pieces of fried chicken with bacon between two waffles with a heaping side of fries. Comes with spicy ketchup for the fries and some maple syrup. Became unsure of how to utilize the syrup: sprinkle it on before each bite or pour it over the whole thing but run the risk of having sticky fingers and soggy waffle-bread ? Either way, I made it work:) Our sweet waitress also split our sandwiches for us so we each received a half of the sandwich and a mound of fries with the sauces. The best part is that they did not even charge us a split-plate fee! The place was pretty cute, had a decent vibe, food was delicious, and the service was wonderful.
4	Went back for happy hour, highly recommended.  You can try several different items to eat, get full, and not break the bank.  Also a quality selection of beers and good amount of outdoor seating with misters if it's not 120 degrees out.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Park on Fremont is definitely worth a try. The staff is very nice and drinks are reasonably priced. The indoor seating is very limited, but there are plenty of tables outside- in the front and back.  I find the decor very interesting...country meets hipster. There is always a great drink special, $10 for a shot and beer (I go with a Dos Equis and a shot of Patron).  Also, the fried pickles are AMAZING.  And I'm a pickle enthusiast :)
4	For those of you who value a large beer selection and stuffed birds in your bars. Food is pricey.
1	Snacks are decent, if skimpy on the portions. The mason jars are a nice touch. The location is central to all of the "hip" new spots in revitalized east Fremont street. Unfortunately I will never come back because of the unbelievable rudeness of the jerk checking ID's at the entrance on 7/3/13 at 7:15pm. Thanks for the warm welcome to your establishment.
2	2.5 . I decided to stay in Vegas after the EDC weekend and a good friend of mine wanted to check out Fremont street. We hop on the bus and get off. Our original destination of insert coins was closed. After walking a bit I saw Park On Fremont and decided to check it out from the happy hour board outside. We were seated in the back. It wasn't that busy of a night and it took over 20 minutes for our server to even acknowledge us and give us water. I look over the happy hour menu and ask a few questions. Turns out the drinks for happy hour are NOT the same size as the regular counterparts in the menu. Same goes for the food choices. The food was tasty, saving this experience. I had the Philly cheese steak and a friend had the sliders which were good as well. The drinks were tasty, but I don't know if they are 10 dollar craft cocktail tasty. After we were done eating , the waitress apologizes and gives us 2 of the 5$ special drinks for the trouble. Nice gesture, but the damage was done. All in all, service was lacking majorly and just not a "I want to be at work" vibe from the staff. Almost a point for the see saw in the secret back area though.
4	Here's a small geography lesson about our fair city: There is "The Strip" and there is "Downtown". They are not the same place and the cultures are completely different. The Strip is what most people think of when they think of Vegas: Showy, glamourous, bright lights, etc, but Downtown has been undergoing a quiet revival in the last few years. Sure it still has the marks of "old Vegas" and has yet to be completely cleaned up or even gentrified, but it's become home to some drinking establishments that are actually pretty unique, my favourite among them being one of the newer kids on the block, Park on Fremont. Situated in the hip and trendy East Fremont district, which is home to many bars, Park on Fremont is a grand exercise in the power of kitsch and how awesome it looks and feels. Not only is it one of the only watering holes in the area that is open during the day, but it's also got a pretty good food menu, decent drinks and a wonderful atmosphere. In fact, it's a great place to go if you want to feel like you're not really in Vegas at all.Things of note: The gigantic, and incredibly authentic, Mark Ryden painting, $20 bottomless mimosas for Sunday brunch (and we all know how I love my mimosas), the hidden teeter totter out on the patio.Make sure to try: $10 beer and a shot menu, Pillow Talk.
4	Boozey deliciousness! Pillow talk cocktail is awesome: absolute apple, strawberries. My favorite thing about this bar is the exceptionally unique country-themed hipstery design. Check it out for their roof-deck patio and fantastic ambiance. You won't be disappointed.
3	EDIT-Went again on 7/28/2013:Ordered the Chicken Bites and the Steak Salad. Really good plates. The sweet potato teeter tots were crunchy and delicious and the chicken bites were crispy. The steak in the salad was cooked well and yummy garnishes on top!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------We dropped by for drinks while waiting for our reservation at Le Thai. Wanted to go to Gold Spike but it was too hot and too far. Really underwhelming in my opinion. The happy hour prices seemed great, $1 chips & salsa and $4 Dos Equis drafts! But it ended up being half a handful of stale chips with a dinky container of canned salsa and a mini mason jar of XX. I guess you can't expect much with those kinds of prices, but I just hope their servings are larger when it isn't happy hour.
4	Solid addition to downtown. This is a non-smoking indoor establishment. Park on Fremont has the same feel as Commonwealth, but without the music blasting and with restaurant offerings. I got caught in a rainstorm so I was unable to see the garden viewing.I did get to glance the menu and saw that there is a chicken and waffle sandwich in my future. They have several handcrafted signature cocktails. Draft beers and microbrew offerings on tap.Definitely will have to go back and check this place out, but it looks like an amazing addition to the trendy, hipster mecca that is Fremont East.
4	Thank god for good food finally coming to DTLV. So many places have opened in the last two years, with so much promise, only to fall flat in the food or service department. Park succeeds in both (although the waffle in the chicken and waffles is a little floppy!)The mason jar schtick is growing mighty old, but the drinks inside are tasty - if not a bit on the small side. The music is (usually) cool, and the vibe can't be beat - it's one of few places on Fremont East that doesn't try way too hard, and it's definitely not trying to be an obnoxious club like its brother, Commonwealth.Three cheers for Park.
5	Went here for the first time with a friend and had a great time! We both decided to get something that we normally wouldn't order so we went with the macaroni and cheese Philly cheesesteak and the fried egg burger...bomb!!! I don't know what kind of seasoning they put on the meat but it was the bees knees!!! The fries were sooo good and they have these teeter tots that I'm sure are sweet potatoes with cinnamon! The cinnamon was a surprise when we first bit into it but it was a good one! I forgot our waiters name but she was great; very attentive and she always came back to check up on us. They have some really good drinks and they come in mason jars!! The restaurant is a nice little hipster shack with a nice vibe. And while you're eating you can enjoy people watching!
5	Note: bar review!If you look for the following in a watering hole then this is your mecca:  -People watching (add additional points for Freemont St people watching)-Garden patio-Interesting decor in every corner-Lots of craft brews on tap-Quiet enough to enjoy a conversation-TaxidermySo, yea, I love it here. Again, I can't speak for the food or dinner service, but if you're looking for a unique place to grab a drink, stop in. Be warned, you will stumble out.
5	Love love love the fried pickles and Fried Chicken & Waffle sandwich! Second rank is the Philly Cheesesteak. They also have perfect little bliss bites, their sweet potato tater tots. Also dont miss the courtyard or teeter -totter.
3	Stopped by last Thursday nite after going to Commonwealth. ATMOSPHERE #4 Stars-- Outdoor seating offers a nice place to enjoy our lovely Vegas nites and people watch at the same time. SERVICE #1 Star--The blonde waitress cute, but cute does not equal good service.  In fact it was awful service.  She took our drink order (one beer, one red wine..she said Cab was all they had..I said OK) she brought out the beer for my guy, he asked for a glass.. we waited and waited and finally he got up and found one himself somewhere at bar area...GEEZ.  Oh, did I mention, I never got my wine, but was given a glass of water. I ordered the burger with fried egg and a side salad.FOOD #4 Stars-- YUMMY is all I can say about this burger.  Absolute perfection.  The side salad was fresh and tasty.Yes, I will go back and give it another try.  Hopefully the next time will be with a different waitress.
3	We went in for a light dinner and drinks. So ok, the food was ok. Nothing to write home about but i enjoyed my meal. Price of the burger was fair. Drinks.....Ummm $7 for a beer. RIDICULOUS. I will never be back just on the principle. Any owner that thinks it is ok to charge $7 for a beer doesn't deserve my business. Good bye.
4	Nice outdoor area in the back. I love the ice-cream cookie dessert!
3	Oh jeez I ate the best meal here!  It sounds awful and I cant believe how good it was: the chicken and waffle sandwich.  Seriously, I dont know how I ordered it.  Its just not the sort of thing I want.  My sweet tooth apparently came out with the rest of my baby teeth but its adult replacement never arrived.  Well, you'll be drizzling the syrup over this thing too...and loving it.  Is it breakfast?  Is it lunch?  Is it dinner?  Yes it is!
4	Third time here this time tried taco tuseday was pretty cool, tacos are pretty small and coronitas are 7oz as a forewarning. Ive never really had good service here to tell you the truth. -_-
5	This is the perfect spot downtown that makes you feel like you're not downtown. The staff is awesome....from the door guy who acts like he really loves checking IDs, to Liza, our beautiful waitress. Even the busboys were fast and very efficient at clearing our table and making sure everything was ok. I ate the chicken and waffle sandwich and had the Unicorn cocktail. I was in heaven. Then a shot of patron and a strawberry beer for dessert. Even the sweet potato "teeter tots" were to die for. Hubs and I both ate and drank for under $70 and were more then satisfied. I highly recommend this place for all you hipsters that hang out in "old Vegas", or you normal peeps out on a date. The atmosphere is rad. Ask to sit out in the back porch. For reals.
5	Love the food, decor, and of course awesome cocktails. Definitely one of my top choices for downtown cool.
3	5 stars for service4 for food4 for decor1 for the all outdoor seating when it's 90 at 9:30pm1 for the sewage snell out back (move to the front)1 for the cockroach doing laps around the central planter on the back porch
1	Stopped by First Friday at the beginning of this month. 1 star is for the nice bartender in the back outdoors who had an extremely limited bar, but was friendly and nice. Granted it was a really busy night and it was one of the few places that weren't charging people to get in. (Seriously DTLV?) My boyfriend and I sat ourselves at the largest table available in the main room, yeah it was only 2 of us at the time of seating, but we were waiting for 2 others to join us. We sat around for 10 minutes, while all the waitresses ran around like chickens with their heads cut off. I don't know if their manager doesn't know how to properly assign sections (with them running in and out of the room to the back, but it seemed like they could barely handle the large volume of people). We waited and waited, made eye contact with several people and still no service. I urged my boyfriend to go up to one of them at a computer putting an order in, and she proceeds to tell him that she's "cut." First of all, I'm a server at a high volume restaurant on the strip and I completely understand how annoying it can be when you're super busy and the last thing you want is to add another thing to do to your list of many, but how hard is it to tell a customer, "let me find a waitress/server who can help you." ??? Not that f*ing difficult. I was pissed and got up myself, looked for someone who would be standing around doing NOTHING (usually managers) sure enough I saw a gentleman standing behind the bar just people watching and walked directly to him and asked him if there were any servers serving the tables in the area because we had yet to be acknowledged. He pretended to act surprised as if he himself didn't see us either, and pointed at the girl... where else, AT THE COMPUTER. Hmmm, really?? All I wanted was to order drinks, shots and a side of french fries. EASY! I'm not a tough customer especially when I can tell people are overwhelmed. She drops our shots off (chocolate cake) no lemons and no sugar. I'm not a bartender, but I'm sure everyone knows they come with both. We ask her for both, walks away. Comes back with a few lemons in a cup and 2 packets of sugar and tosses them on the table and walks away. LITERALLY WALKED AWAY. No, "is there anything else i can get you?" no nothing. I was so pissed. I assured my boyfriend and our guests that she wouldn't return until one of our cups were empty or all of them, and I was right. We got our ticket, left no tip and thats exactly what she deserved. I never leave bad tips, but wow service was an embarassment.Such a nice place to go if you want to just look around and enjoy the decor, go straight to the bar yourself or else you'll be getting crappy service. Park on Fremont, really need to reconsider the type of people their hiring. Yeah they're pretty and attract a bunch of drunk, high paying customers. But if you can't deliver decent service, then whats the point??? ALL IN ALL, I'd rather pay 10-20 to get into commonwealth or any other bar downtown than to go back to park on fremont. What a shame, so much potential.
5	I prefer Downtown Vegas over The Strip. It's more my kind of crowd. We came here after a summer rock show at the Fremont Street Experience. It was so hard to find Park on Fremont as they don't have a sign in front but in the BACK by the parking (wtf?) Maybe they want to seem mysterious and low-key? *shrug*The rating for this place was good and I love me a good gastropub. It was PACKED which is a good sign. It has a hipster vibe and many people kept trying to get in. The whole street was poppin'. They played good music. The inside looked classy and the back patio was cozy in an enchanted garden kind of way. Getting seated was lame. The hostess seemed so bored and bland. She had no personality. We were lucky enough to spot and steal a table for 2 on the patio facing the street *slick* :)  The rest of the service was fantastic by everyone else we encountered. I don't know the waitress' name, but she was Asian and was an excellent server!!The classic cheeseburger was thick, soft, juicy, and full of flavor! It fell part which was a bummer and it was a little too pink in the center for my liking (it was even too dark for me to tell for sure HOW pink it was) but it tasted AMAZING. The french fries were freshly cut and tasty. My boyfriend got the Mac and CheeseSteak. He said it was good.  But the best part were the sweet potato teeter tots! OMG! Heaven in my mouth!! We'd never had anything like it. They were so soft and creamy yet crispy. It's hard to explain but it's a must try!! Also to die for is the Unicorn cocktail. We chose this one of the 3 signature cocktails they offer. It's ginger-based, mint, lemon. MMMMMMM!!I can't wait to go back to Vegas!
4	I can't wait to go back. This place is very neat. I really enjoyed the adult-sized teeter-totter hidden in the back, it's not often that you get to revert to a child with a cocktail in hand without getting in trouble... The courtyard is amazing and takes you away, down the rabbit-hole, far-far away from downtown Las Vegas, except the stench of sewage, I don't think there is a way to escape the odor while visiting downtown. The decor is amazing, from taxidermied pheasants fornicating behind the bar, to Cinderella's carriage on the rooftop out back. This is the perfect place to kickback a few cocktails with your friends while enjoying quite the bizarre scenery. The service here was also amazing. We had several waitresses taking care of us all evening. We never had to look far for someone to refill our drink glasses. Unfortunately, we had already eaten elsewhere but I look forward to my next visit to try out the food. =)
5	First impressions: love the decor, the happy hour is a pretty good deal, and the music and art is awesome :)  My friends and I really liked the food and basically everything about the place.  One note to keep in mind: children are not allowed in this place.
2	Been here a number of times and can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review.I've given it thought and many chances. Sadly this place doesn't deliver, as with many eateries and bars downtown.Service is meh. They all hate their lives and it shows in the service. They also know jack shit about beers.Food...avoid at all costs.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while. Finally, got the chance and I love it! We sat at a table right along the sidewalk on Fremont.... Excellent people watching, my personal favorite was drunk Santa. Door staff was pretty friendly and sat us as the hostess was somewhere else. I love when a place works together. Our server was also great. Quick with the drinks and friendly. I ordered the Philly cheesecake topped with Mac and Cheese (yes, topped) at our server's suggestion, and it was pretty delicious. I really like that you can order a salad as a side option, and it was really good. (Greens, blue cheese, tomatoes, I think & balsamic vinegar) My friend ordered the steak salad and raved about it, although she was still a little hungry later on. We stayed after to have a drink at the bar. I love that you can sit at the bar and still be outside, another excellent people watching spot. Double, tall drinks seem to be the way to go. Bartender was cute and genuinely friendly. They also have pull tab wine containers. I didn't try it, but my friend seemed to like them. I was stoked to see that they had Hangar One Citron,We looked for the see saw out on the backyard patio, but didn't see it.One thing I wasn't so thrilled about. It seems for some of the entrees (steak Salad) they use disposable bamboo plates. Doesn't seem so great for the environment.
5	It was first trip to old Vegas and what a great start to the evening. Happy hour (till 7pm) was priced perfectly and the atmosphere outside dining was awesome. Had 4 people in my group and they all loved my selection of this place. The bill with tip came to $50 in Vegas that's unheard of.... Then enjoy Fremont street afterwards was exciting. Thank you park on Fremont !!!!
3	Its slightly embarrassing to admit how many times I've thought about that fried chicken and waffle sandwich since my last time here.   Many!  So I had to come back for another.  It was every bit as good as the last, and this time we sat inside, not on the patio.  I love it inside: great juke box, great service, and too many chandeliers in the hallway (and who doesn't love that?) oh yeah, and those filthy birds, my fav!  But on a less positive note, I have never tasted anything else that I liked.  The fried chicken & waffle sandwiches I've eaten both nearly brought tears of joy to my eyes.  The rest of the menu........closer to just plain old tears...[Tip:  Avoid the Cuban sandwich: most boring sandwich in captivity.]
4	I'm actually not a fan of most of the "hip" places in this downtown area, but this place is definitely an exception. Great selection of beer.  The bar is very cool the way it's half indoor and half outdoor. On a cool Vegas night, you can't beat the ambiance this bar has. I had a Big Dog's Red Hydrant Ale (local beer) on draft for $7.  I also had a couple $10 beer + shot deals, Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA, red velvet shot, and a cinnamon shot.  Given the location, these are not bad prices at all, and for quality drinks no less. Did not try the food. I also hear there's a seesaw in the back patio area, I will have to check that out next time.
2	This place is only great if you are doing a pub crawl and it is a quick stop for a few drinks. I made the mistake of holding my birthday party here. With about ~20 attendees I made sure to make reservations weeks in advance. Things started off smoothly initially, the waitress was adequate. For a party that big, and considering the place wasn't swamped or anything (it was on a Thursday night), she did the bare minimum. Considering that she knew she was getting auto grat she felt no need to hussle. Also, why did they not designate a back up server for a party of that size? People were without drinks or drink refills for a long time. The food was overpriced and average at best. It took FOREVER to get the plates cleared and out of the way. When she realized she probably had already earned her 18% auto grat or whatever it was on a party that large, she pretty much jumped ship. You had to physically track her down, or wait a very very long time for her to come back around.  The place itself looks cool with some interesting detail, but at that point, the decor was all they had going for them. I would not come back here to sit down and eat, nor would I suggest it to others.. Sure, come through, get a drink from the bar, take in the unique yet highly hipster decor and move on.
5	Adorable place! I love the atmosphere!
4	I went to Park on Fremont quite by accident w a friend -I thought I walked into the pizza restaurant right next store- After reviewing the menu I realized I was in the wrong restaurant. After chatting with our GREAT waitress Katrina, she said that most people make this same mistake- I love the atmosphere, the environment and our waitress so we stayed.  I had a chilly steak sandwich with mac on top and tossed green salad on the side- we both loved the place.  Our waitress Katrina made our visit very welcomed.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to all.
5	Park on Fremont is amazing!!! Love the food here on any given night! Im from the midwest so I really miss beer gardens! If its busy it can take a while to get a drink but its really worth it! sitting in the back with awesome decor is really a nice change of pace from everything else thats out on Fremont or the Vegas strip. A HUGE PLUS IS TACO TUESDAY! AMAZING TACOS AND CORONITAS FOR ONLY A DOLLAR! You most def can find me here just about every tuesday!
3	I like Park. The place itself its super unique, cute and I love the decor. The back patio is relaxing and the see saw in the back is a hoot! I love Taco Tuesday and am in fact going tonight. But, the happy hour (if you want to call it that) is a joke! There are no deals here, so if that's what you are seeking, look elsewhere. You are supposed to get a deal for happy hour, that is the whole point of it. They really had us scratching our heads when they gave us the discounted price, but then served us a mini version of the normal size drink! So, you are paying less, but also getting a lot less! It's insane! Not a deal!So Park, I suggest doing a real happy hour menu, instead of serving customers those stupid mini-sized drinks and pretending that is some kind of bargain. People are better off paying full price and getting a decent sized drink. That is not what happy hour is, and definitely not making anyone happy!
4	Get the steak salad. No, wait. Get the Cuban sandwich. No wait. Go with a friend that likes to share, get both and split them. It's a great meal to have.Also, start with fried pickles. They are slices if that matters to you.Also, get one of their awesome cocktails. I'd recommend the Pillow Talk.Also, sit on the back patio. It's a lovely oasis in downtown Vegas.Also, take me with you when you go. Please?
2	The decor at Park is wonderful. It is hip, fun, and inviting. From the slick interior to possibly the best patio area in town, Park nailed the setup. Now if they would just kick out the management and kitchen, they could have a delightful little joint. I have been here twice, and the food has ranged from passable to woeful. Upon my last visit, I had the Cuban sandwich and fried pickles. The pickles were decent. The Cuban was dry and tasteless. What makes this even sadder is that it is difficult to screw up a Cuban sandwich. It is so basic and usually delicious. The beer selection is fine, but seeing as they are serving the drafts in glass that are less than a pint, the prices are a bit steep.
2	:/
5	5 stars! We came here on a busy night and Nita got us a table right away!! She was even able to seat us out on the patio! Perfect night for it! The decor and staff are amazing! The beer & shot special can't be beat! $10 for a good (not just decent) beer and shot combo. Will be coming back all the time for the drinks and as long as Nita is working there!!!
3	Our server (Kristina) was awesome. The prices were thisclose to ridiculous, but not as bad as a couple places down the road. The misters smell like the bathrooms I used to have to clean when I was in the military, though. Gross.
2	I ate here while in town on business. I had the chicken & waffle sandwich. It was okay, service was prompt but not that friendly. Nothing to write home about.
1	Recently went to Park on Fremont on Sunday night and sat outside in the back, to get a drink and to grab some food as well. While we were there we were never approached by a waiter outside and eventually had to flag one down since me and my friend weren't noticed. We attempted to order our food with the busser and he said he would tell the waitress helping the tables. We waited and waited after 30 minutes we had to flag her down and she asked for our order again. We sat there for an hour waiting for our food and it never came. We eventually just left because the service was horrible and it was a pleasant experience at all.
4	Did not have any food so my review is solely on drinks and venue. I took a break from clubbing and went around downtown to bar hop with a guyfriend. It was Friday and this was the third or fourth stop of the night. I just had to break our one drink per bar rule because the drinks were so good! My favorite was the pillowtalk. It was a light girly drink and I wasn't sure if I tasted any alcohol, but that could've been because I was already drunk. This place reminded me of Alice in Wonderland meets the Secret Garden. It was very cute. There's also a hidden smoking area where they have a teeter-totter which is pretty much always occupied. Most people were hanging out in the outdoor area rather than the inside bar area. Crowd was friendly and chill. It was one of the slower bars we went to compared to the other ones on that street. Loved the atmosphere though.
3	I love Park because it's not loud and cigarette-smoke infested.  The decor is cool and I love that they have a front and back patio.  Plus there's a hidden see-saw ... I mean c'mon!  How rad!  BUT I have a few issues with the place.  First, if you sit outside, you will undoubtably smell sewage.  Also, sitting out back means you'll get poor service.  I went on Taco Tuesday with my friend.  Awesome deals: $1 Coronitas and $2 tacos.  You think the waiters would be walking around with buckets of beers because, obviously, people are going to order a shit-ton of them at a time.  No.  Of course not.  My friend and I ordered four total.  And about 20 minutes later, we got two ... then 20 minutes after that, we got our other two.  Don't forget about the 30 minute wait for our three tacos which should be being made at lightning speed since that's probably the only thing being ordered there on Tuesdays.  Also, the beer taps are really high so hiring petite girls as bartenders probably isn't the wisest decision because all you'll get is foam from the 5 foot long beer pour.
2	Last night was the first time I ever had food from park on Fremont. I thought it was awesome that they delivered downtown especially since the reviews were great. I ordered the San Diego burger and my wife had the steak salad. We also ordered a side of the fried pickles. I have to admit that I was not impressed. The meat on the burger was way too much and you couldn't really taste anything else. The steak salad was ok but definitely nothing to rave about. The fried pickles were ok but they were soggy and cold by the time we got them. Now I understand that having good delivered can and will affect the food quality but even having said that I don't know if I would ever actually eat there again because it was just mediocre and they don't have a lot of options on the menu.
1	The service and servers here are a mess. I've been here late night about a handful of times and enjoyed myself. This recent visit was unfortunately, the worst service I ever had in my life.  My friend and I decided to stop by Park after running the Glow Run. We went to the back patio and sat at a table. There was one server and one busser running around. The server never came by so we had to wave her down. She rolled her eyes and annoyingly asked "Yes?" OK, I understand there is only one of you but I am a paying customer. I couldn't believe she said that. We ordered with her anyway because we were starving after that 5K. 15 minutes passed...25 mins...nothing came out and we haven't seen the server since. We stopped the busser and told him that we've been waiting and he took our order again. AGAIN. Another 20 minutes passed it just wasn't worth it to wait. I will NEVER come here again. They should have been adequately staffed for a busy night and hire friendlier people.
5	BEST bloody mary I have had in AGES.I got the one with the mangoes in it, it was a really good size and nice and spicy :)The back yard area is cute and the decor throughout is cool and funky. I haven't tried many of the food items, but the fried pickles were yummy and I am definitely looking forward to trying more items.
1	Customer service is of utmost importance if you are running a restaurant. This place has none.Went on 11/6 with a friend to this restaurant. My friend said she had had the food here and recommended it. Before you walk in, you get attitude from the bouncer. He stared at my ID like it was fake, even flipped it around to check the back in a way that indicated that he didn't think it was real (I'm 24 and don't look underage). Also, ignored my friends request to just see her ID in the wallet.We sit in the back patio area and waited. And waited. And waited. Finally I go to the bar and ask the bartender if there's a server that's supposed to come around or if we are supposed to order at the bar. Bartender: "Did someone sit you down back there?"Me: "No we just sat down back there"Bartender: "Oh yeah, if you weren't seated then no server is going to come to you. We don't have servers just walking around"Me: "Can you please send someone out there for us?"Bartender: "Sure"And you know how this ends. No one ever showed up. Plus, walking out, there's a sign that says, "Please seat yourself." So why the bartender thought anyone would sit us down is beyond me. I'm sure the food there is probably okay, but I'll never know.I won't be going here again, the service is just terrible. I can only imagine how awful it would have been if someone ACTUALLY had taken time to taken our order.
5	I loved the venue. The food we ordered was good and the waitress was really nice.  I'm looking forward to returning :)
4	the staff was awesome, the food was delicious, the place was gorgeous- it felt like Wonderland in the backyard! chicken and waffle sandwiche is definitely recommended, and get some fried pickles while you're at it
5	Not only are all the employees nice to look at, but they are friendly as well. My visit usually involve lots of conversation with the bartenders and servers. The food is delicious; I usually order the steak salad. The portion sizes are hearty. The beer options are extensive, the house specialty drinks are great. Personally I think the Bloody Mary list is awesome; the Tuxedo is my favorite. The decor inside and outside is interesting and unique; I often find myself spacing out staring at the art and designs on the walls. The fried pickles pair well with the bloody Mary's. You won't regret giving Park on Fremont a visit. If it's a nice day sit outside in the front and people watch, or in the back and play on the teeter totter.
3	I ate here for my pre-half-marathon dinner.  I had the 'San Diego burger' (I think that's what it was, but I can't seem to find their menu anywhere. it had avocado on it) with some sweet potato tots.  I also shared the fried pickles with my lovely dining partner, since I am a discerning fried pickle eater.  Beer selection was great, decor/atmosphere was great - make sure to check out the patio out back.  I wasn't in love with my burger, though.. I didn't find it particularly flavorful - the meat especially didn't stand out to me.  Also, I did not like the tots that much.. being sweet potato they were covered in cinnamon, which is fine and complimented the taste, but.. they were small and not that crispy or fluffy.  I would have liked a bigger sized tot, for sure - and maybe something like a drizzle of honey on them?  I don't know.. also, the sauce that they were served with did not go at all.. I kept trying it but was not into it.  As for the fried pickles.. I liked the batter they used (although I would have liked it a little thicker and/or maybe with a little cornmeal mixed in?) and they were fried properly.  I did not like the pickles on the inside.. I know they were homemade but they were barely pickled.. I expect my fried pickles to be very pickled and super classic dill-pickle style.  These were hipster fried pickles, take that as you may...I would come back here for drinks and give a chance to some other things on the menu.. maybe I just didn't find the right thing yet - it *is* a cool spot.
1	When we fist walked in everyone loved the decore of the place. Our server was very polite and came over right away. We all ordered one of the signature cocktails that were 10 $ a peice. When Bailey our serve brought them out to us we thought she was kidding. The drinks are served in tiny mason jars probably about 6oz. Her response was they had alot of booze. Well, I had the stranger danger which tasted like watered down ice tea. The wombat tasted like grapefruit juice and actually had a peice of glass in the drink. The manager did come over and bought another drink to correct the mistake. After drinks we started with the mac balls. Then we ordered dinner the chicken and waffle sandwich(the chicken was horribly dry), steak salad (I literally had 3 thin slices of steak on my salad) the chicken balls (again dry) and the ribs ( again over cooked). So our food comes out and Baily has forgotten the mac balls. 10 mins later with dinner almost done we get the mac balls. BEST PART OF THE WHOLE EXPERINCE! They were so good. When every one finishes we ask for the check to be split in half with 2 credit cards. Some how this gets screwed up and ends up taking us 10mins just to pay for our dinner. Point blank I wouldn't go back. The food was all over cooked, the drinks are poor quality and over priced.
3	I keep coming here because the food is amazing.  I love the chicken bites, the fried pickles and the Cuban sandwich.  I have tried most of the sandwiches on the menu.  I love the decor, it is creepy and dark and reminds me of well done places such as The Act, Bootsy Bellows, or Voyer in San Diego. Sadly what is lacking at this spot is the service.  I don't blame the staff.  It is as if someone running the restaurant has not previous food and beverage experience. They could do a higher volume if they were staffed properly.  For example, after the Neon Run, which ended in front of Park.  I was on the back patio.  It was full of runners who were hungry and thirsty.  There was one girl working the back.  She was cranky from being frazzled.  I had bottled water and since I was dying after my run, I pulled it out to drink while I waited to put in my order. I took one swig and security that was on the patio came and took it from me.  Wearily I said, "I'm so thirsty and I just ran."  "Sorry no outside drinks."  He said and took it from my hand.  I was to tired to protest.  I watched as he walked the entire patio, which was full of runners, and took water from everyone.  I couldn't believe that with all of us they couldn't have made a slight exception.  My suspicion is that if they would have been staffed appropriately for the rush after the race we could have all had waters on our table.  They need to work on training staff better for customer service, and to staff better for times when there are events downtown.
4	I love this place. But I want to be clear that I haven't eaten here! It's mostly because my fellow yelpers have said that the food is not that good. Now I will, eventually, eat here. I just haven't yet. So this review is based on the place itself, the drinks and the service.This place is adorable. I love the decor! I love the patio! It's so pretty, cute, morbid, Frenchy all rolled into an awesome ball that works. Every time I come, I discover something new. My favorite areas to note are the hall of chandeliers, the beautiful tile hopscotch, Cinderella's carriage (I pretend it's hers) and the teeter-totter in the smoking section (somewhat hidden in the back). I love bringing out-of-town friends here and they all love it.I've tried a few of their house specialty drinks, and really I have no complaints. The drinks are good. Although sometimes they taste as if they don't have much alcohol in them. They have this pear beer, which is super tasty. I'm not a big beer drinker, so those of you that are, pay no attention to my beer recommendation!! Haha. But those of you that like fruity and crisp, and don't know crap about beer, try it.The service is always quick and friendly.
2	I wouldn't go back here. Rude, snobby folks all over. General "vegas" get-out-of-my-way-atmosphere. Nothing special  that you couldn't get somewhere that didn't have an extraordinarily rude staff. Food was just okay. Drinks over-priced. Best thing is the mad-hatter like patio area.
4	This place is like a hipster mousetrap.  Quirky decor. Check.  Waitstaff in flannel. Check. Complicated cocktails with ginger beer. Check.They cannot resist!But, I digress, this is a great al fresco spot.  I don't care if the eccentricity is contrived, it's cool!  I like eating outdoors next to a painting of two horses humping!  I like see-saws and mismatched chairs!  I agree that all employees should chant "Bloody Mary" three times before returning to work! So, sue me!Exclamation points aside, I also enjoy the food although it's more of the "bar bites" variety.  I'd also recommend the "Pillowtalk" cocktail.  I don't remember what's in it, however, because I always drink too many.  Apple vodka, cucumbers and Sprite, or something. Yeah...
4	Let's talk you and I. Picture this. Birds making love. Strange faced children. Antelope taxidermy heads with golden AK 47 antlers. These are just a few of the decorations that help to create a great funky Portland OR hipster vibe. Ok you say. But what about the food and service. Well the waitress could have walked off an episode of Portlandia. Totally helpful and attentive in an easy breezy granola nonchalant glad you stopped by kind of way. As for the food it gets mixed reviews. For an appetizer we got the garbage fries. The name belies the taste. Bacon, cheese, avocado, jalepenos covered fries should be named Celestial Fries.  Or at least Awesome Fries. They were fantastic. I orders the Chicken Waffles Sandwich. My dinner mate the Mac n Cheese Steak sandwich. It's just what it sounds like. a Philly Cheesesteak covered in Mac n cheese. My companion chose wisely. While my Chicken and Waffles was ok his Sandwich was amazing. Next time I am in Vegas I'll definitely stop in and order the Mac n Cheese Steak.
3	This bar is fun! Everyone LOVES Instagramming the "f**king beautiful" neon light in the back. Definitely rode the see-saw while drunk. Staff was friendly.As far as the reservation I made goes, I never went, because it was an outdoor reservation & it rained on my birthday :(There is indoor and outdoor seating (mostly outdoor). Great location amongst the DTLV bars.Until next time!
5	The Hostess from the Laundry Room recommended this place. It's like Guillermo Del Toro invented a place to feel cozy. The art is generally subtly disturbing. When people ask me what it's like I usually reference the high level of creative Taxidermy.Yet despite the bizarre art motif the food is all good, the drink combos are top notch and the atmosphere is quality! They have a teeter-totter! They have glorious sweet potato tater tos, and it's relatively easy to get a reservation. I like it here.
3	So I loved everything about this place but...the food. A couple friends and I ordered the chili and it was cold. Like, really cold. So there you go. Everything else, the fries, chicken bites , were great. And luckily I had a few beers in me so the chili wasn't too much of a bummer, but still.
5	Been here many times, mainly for drinks and sweet potato tots. Tried the chicken and waffles sandwich for the first time today=amazing! Always pleased with this place, definite must if visiting or a local and looking for places on Fremont.
3	I thought this place was just so-so...a typical "gastropub" style place with the usual foods that you find at gastros. The location in DTLV is pretty good though, they have a patio that is basically on Fremont hence the name ;) The bar seems pretty cool and very hipster. I am pretty sure DTLV is the hipster Capital of Nevada ;)The beer selection is good and the craft cocktails are pretty adequate too, pretty expensive for DTLV...but I guess that's the new downtown! And I am not complaining, they are doing a great job cleaning it up and putting good culinary spots in. The wings were just ok, nothing special. I liked the fried pickles and garbage fries. The pulled pork sandwich was pretty good. Nothing including the service really blew me away, it was hard to track down the waitress half the time. I think I need to come back for a more fair assessment and a more complete yelp review.
4	Food was really good...atmosphere was so neat.    I know Mark Ryden did the cool creepy doll paintings, but can anyone please tell me which artist painted the animal pictures?   Thank you!!!
1	If I could give negative stars to this place I would. The chilaquiles were so horrible not only did I not eat them I wouldn't give them to a homeless person. They were cold and soggy. The service was so extremely horrible we waited 30 minutes for our drinks. Our food was cold. We came on New Year's Day for brunch, it was not overcrowded and this will defiantly be the last time ever!
3	Went for New Year's Day brunch, the food was decent typical bar food type stuff, big portions for the price.  The drinks were good, big selection, the service was absolutely horrible. Nicole our server was completely unattentive and slow.  At least 20-30 minutes to receive drinks and 1 hour to receive food. We had to ask 3 times for our check. With so many choices in Vegas, this type of service just will not do!
4	Actually 3.5 Stars--We came the morning of New Years Day. The restaurant seemed full, but not packed. We were quickly seated at the back patio, but from there it was a long wait. As you can imagine, we were a tad hungover from NYE partying the night before (this IS Vegas, after all), and to have to wait probably 10-20 minutes before even getting water is terrible. We were actually served our bloody marys and Dirty Girl Scout ($8.00) before our water, which on any other morning might be acceptable.Service was SLOW, but apologetic. Our waitress actually said she'd never seen the restaurant this busy before... but there wasn't a wait at the door, there didn't appear to be any large parties.. they were simply under staffed, which on a New Years morning is either bad management, or 1/2 their crew didn't show up for work.Now, the food: WOW, very nicely done! The bloody marys (Texas Tuxedo $10.00) were GREAT, actually, served in a large mason jar with cucumbers and large basil leaves, spicy, no salt on the rim (not needed). So right away I was feeling relief from the wait and my headache, and starving stomach...We got the fried Mac n Cheese balls ($7.00) for an appetizer. The were nice and hot, although we didn't cheese-burn the roof of our mouths, which is amazing. Crispy fresh batter, very thick cheese inside, with a size of cheese for dipping. 5 cheese balls total, each a bit larger than a golf ball, smaller than a tennis ball...Then the food: I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich ($11.00), with eggs, bacon and cheese on bread. Simple enough, this was delicious! The eggs over easy actually seemed like the BEST eggs over easy I've ever experienced... maybe I was just that hungover/ starving, but I don't think I've ever tasted a better egg. The bread was almost like French Toast, fluffy, lightly toasted, soaking up the grease. The sandwich was very greasy, but I devoured it quickly and happily.Friends ordered the Breakfast Waffle ($10.00) and the BBQ Texas Burger ($10.00).  Prices all around are a bit steep, but the quality of the food really shows with each bite. If only service were faster! But as I said, they were very apologetic and doing their best to reach everyone and serve a fantastic meal. A paid parking lot is around the corner. Patio seating in front and back of the restaurant, a small bar and dining area inside. ***Another note: the ambiance is great. Outdoor seating with christmas lights in the trees, very good, hip art on the walls. Perfect for millennial hipsters (meaning to be only slightly patronizing! *** Really though, kudos to the scene!
5	Love this place! You have the option to sit outside and people watch, sit inside by the bar surrounded by stuffed birds and interesting wallpaper or outside in the beer garden.  We sat out in the front to people watch since it was NYE evening and many people were headed towards Fremont St.  We started out with the "Sampler" which is a sampler of 4 drink items, craft beer and/ or specialty cocktails.  I don't remember exactly what we ordered but we asked the server which 2 beers she recommended, we got a dark hazelnut beer and a light beer similar to a blonde (a Sacramento brew). We also ordered the "trophy wife" and the "unicorn" all were good but the cocktails may have been more enjoyable on a hot summer day rather than a cold winter night.  Either way we finished everything.  We also ordered the Garbage fries and chicken bites.  The garbage fries didn't feel greasy with a whole bunch of junk piled on like I've had at other places and I didn't feel all nasty and like I hated life afterwards.  The chicken bites were large pieces of juicy chicken, more of a 2-3 bite chicken served with sauces.  If they had more sauces or 1 really good dipping sauce (a la raising canes) it would be on point +1 !  Either way I was happy with everything ordered.  Will definitely return, and try their bloody Marys! *do not miss the beer garden in the back, it's "F*cking Beautiful"
4	I only stopped in here for drinks, but had a great time. The bar is very open to allow for big groups to gather close to the bar. My group took advantage of the Beer & a Shot deal for $10..which quickly lead to our demise. I hope to be back soon to try out the menu!
5	I go there quite a lot and was there on New Year's morning and it was crazy busy and it looked like there was only a few servers but I also a female server I think her name was Nicole and she took real good care of us, no complaints on my part.
3	I was told this was where the Hipsters of LV hang out but it was more haunting than hipster here in decor. Yes, I went to the bathroom once to wash my hands and vowed not to return after being creeped out. Let's just say I'm glad I was there during broad daylight. Onto the food. I got the fried egg burger with sweet potato tater tots (juicy meat but egg didn't add much maybe because it was cooked completely through.. Tots tasted like not tasty fried balls of mash... None of the characteristic crispy bits) and shared with friends the Mac and cheese balls (nothing special, and we had two orders for the table and one came out with smaller but crispier balls.. How inconsistent) and the garbage fries (pretty good).  Overall the food was all over the place in taste and quality. Although the tots were highly yelp recommended , I say no thanks and get the fries. On a positive key service was good and we didn't have to wait too long for food even though we had a large party of 12.  Also don't forget to check out the seesaw in the back!
4	The decor may initially feel off-putting to any one except a taxidermist. However, the stuffed wild fowl behind the bar are appropriate fixtures in this contemporary, urban play on a vintage, Texas hunting lodge.  The menu is short, simple and centered on South-Western American fair and barbecue.  I arrived for brunch semi-haphazardly as Eat was over-booked and The Beat was having trouble with their cash register. The staff at Park greeted me pleasantly. The Server was certainly enthusiastic about the food and I took her recommendations: the Texas Tuxedo Bloody Mary and the Ranch Breakfast Skillet. I also had a cup of joe.First, I should state that the coffee was proper, as far as restaurant coffee goes.  It was fresh and just the right strength. The Bloody Mary, featuring fresh basil and a cucumber slice, was savory and refreshing,  peppery and minty.  It was an original recipe that became an instant classic for me.  The Ranch Skillet was not a disappointment, either.  When it was laid before me, I found layer after layer after layer of breakfast ingredients stacked one on top of the other: a bed of crisped red potato wedges, grilled onions and peppers, a scoop of chorizo, a handful of cheddar, and two perfectly fried eggs, all served in a sizzling cast-iron skillet. I recommend this to any patron looking for a spicy South Western breakfast.The skill of the restaurant's kitchen staff showed through in the Ranch Skillet as well as their commitment to quality and attention to detail.  I encourage every one to visit Park on Fremont for brunch.  It was certainly a happy accident that I wandered in this morning, but it was no accident that the food was excellent... because these folks really know what they're doing.  I wish them much success!!
4	Great food (the mac-n-cheese philly steak is a thing of beauty, and the sweet potato tots are awesome), and good service. The decor is awesome, especially the outdoor area in back. A bit pricey for what it is, but what it is is tasty.
1	Expensive drinks and you feel like your sitting in the carpark. 8 bucks for a small jar of Guinness and auto gratuity on a table of 10 of us and we're just drinking. Rip off.
5	Went off the recommendation of a friend. Glad we did. Took my family of 5. This place is a diamond nestled in the eclectic mix of businesses in down town Vegas. Easy to miss unless you're looking for it. It's across from heart attack grill. Food is awesome and VERY reasonable compared to other restaurants in Vegas. The staff though, are the best part. Super friendly and helpful. Every one went out of their way from my initial phone call to the moment we left. Felt like a true locals hangout which is nice with so much of downtown working so hard to reclaim it's identity as iconic AND fresh/upcoming. Cheers guys, thank you for an outstanding meal. Anyone dining with minors will want to note the weather as this place is 21 and over inside, so it's outside seating only.
5	My boyfriend took me here for dinner. We sat outside on the patio. The patio was very romantic.  Not quite what you expect in the back of a bar in downtown Vegas. Definitely was a hidden gem.  I'm from Chicago & it reminded me of a beautifully decorated courtyard in Lincoln Park.  It had a really nice fireplace and lighted trees.  We decided that this would be "our place." The food & drinks were excellent.  I had the Cajun chicken sandwich with sweet potato tater tots, which both were delicious.  The tater tots were excellent! I would come back again, just for those. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffle sandwich which was incredibly large & delicious.
3	Cool little hipsterish dive bar located just at the end of Fremont street experience.  Came here to take a little break from the strip. It's nice, clean and the prices are decent. I'd definitely go back.
5	The friendliest bartenders! Great service.
3	I really enjoy the atmosphere and the overall design. Especially the hidden seesaw in the back, it's a nice touch overall. As for the food though, I wish I could say the same. When reading the menu majority of the choices sound delicious, but in reality I find the food bland and not too exciting. This time eating I tried the fried chicken and waffle sandwich. Sadly the chicken was dry and I only had a lonely strip of bacon. Honestly tasted a lot better separated than it did as a sandwich. My friends ordered the fried egg burger, and typically the egg is over easy when it comes to these burgers. But in their case the egg was fully cooked, I'm not sure if that's something you have to clarify or not. The bottomless mimosas were awesome, our server kept them coming without us having to ask for more. The drinks at Park are very good I must say. Nothing to complain about as for drinks. I love DT and will most likely be at Park weekly, but more for the drinks than the food.
4	This is a fun place to chill and hang out. Not a place for kids really although I have seen some here. Decor is funny if you aren't too prudish. They have a teeter totter in the back hidden behind the wall but that's all for the park aspect. We had some fun drink with ginger beer in it. Also had the quesadilla which was quite tasty and some chicken bites that were just okay. Service was sub par but then patio was busy. Their food runner however was work'n ass off and deserves kudos wish I knew his name. Over all good spot and would go again.
5	Randomly came across this bar while walking downtown. It has a kickass teeter totter in the smoking section. Had an amazing server named Nicole in the front facing Fremont! It was super busy but she was very attentive and made sure I had everything we needed! The Philly Mac and cheese was awesome and sweet potato tots which were delicious. I would go back any day and hopefully get my amazing server again.
3	This place has AWESOME decor. Truly a sight to see! Well done on the decor. It's dark, mysterious, charming, just so cute.As far as drinks, I've had the bloody mary which is very good! The drink menu is unique and after sips of my friends' drinks, it's not bad at all. The food is also quite good. I recommend the chilaquiles. Of course as a new place downtown, it isn't cheap. The food is small portioned so I would only go on a nice night on the town with friends, not when I'm terribly hungry or just as a random night to go have dinner. It's definitely more of a place to socialize than to feel stuffed after dinner.The reason why I'm giving it a "meh" rating is because the service took WAY too long. I took my sister who's from out of town so the only reason we didn't mind the wait was because we had so much catching up to do.I went on a random Monday at 4pm...not peak hours at all. We ordered drinks, that look 20 minutes to come, ordered some sides, another 25 minutes, my boyfriend asked for ranch...that took 15 minutes-he was basically done eating by the time she brought the ranch! Another 30 minutes and she finally comes back and we ask for the check. Another 15 go by and our server never came. We actually had to request another server to take our tab up to be paid so we could leave.When we first got there, there were 3 parties including us so it really should not have taken as long as it did.Don't get me wrong, the servers are very sweet. But the wait for the smallest things was ridiculous so come with time on your hands. I actually went on a busy Friday night and the service was much faster then when there was a FULL house than tonight on a random Monday afternoon with just a few people there.But I do love the ambiance, the originality of the drinks, and the food so I'll be back.
3	Great for drinks.. Not so much food. In fact, the waitress advised against the chocolate cake. I've also bend here before for good and the service was reaallllyyyyy slow. Yikes! But the beer and the cocktail selection are yummy. Also great ambience.
4	Loved this place, was in Vegas for a bachelor party and spent a lot of time here. Good food, great drinks The $10 beer and shot special and the Unicorn cocktail are highlights. They also have Genny Cream Ale, a rare find. The decore is cool and I want every picture they have on the wall for my house.
4	I really do love this place. Great beer selection & I love their food, but the servers (table-side, I've never sat at the bar) leave much to be desired.I'm leaving this after having visited many many times. Never once have I had a good sever. It's either attitude or ineptitude.But I love the decor, choice of artists prints hanging on the walls (Giclee Prints maybe? They're very crisp & framed beautifully), the back outdoor area, and the fried egg burger is my boyfriend, so I deal with it.Park gets 4 because I shouldn't HAVE to deal with bitchy servers. They need a Mother Hen (manager) that tells them how to properly provide customer service, or boots them out the door.Soooo close, Park, sooo close.
4	Not Bad. Cheap drinks for happy hour , chicken and waffles was good, The chicken was a little overcooked.  I ate all of it. The menu looks good. Nice addition to downtown. Nice lounge /club music .  Will be back.
4	Park on Fremont is a trendy new addition to the bustling downtown scene. The art and taxidermy inside are a very interesting choice of decor and they remind me of a trendy little place I once dined at in San Diego. I've only even had the pleasure of dining here for lunch and it's never very busy. It is pretty small inside, but they have plenty of outdoor patio seating. I can see this place really bursting at the seams on a warm Vegas night. The menu is small, but the drinks look absolutely delicious (I can't wait to try one), here is the low down on the food. I highly recommend ordering the mac and cheese balls! They are ooey and gooey on the inside and come with a yummy creamy dipping sauce. I wasn't impressed with their fried pickles, the batter wasn't crisp enough and they just weren't dill enough for me. The mac and cheese Philly sandwich is a kitschy take on a Philly cheesesteak. It was pretty good, I just wish there was a little more cheese flavor and a lot more steak. I had mine with a side of their sweet potato tots that all of my friends had been raving about. I was disappointed with the tots. They were dusted with a cinnamon sugar and that just doesn't go well with a savory sandwich. I remedied this by ordering the regular fries the next time I had lunch here and was still slightly disappointed. I really wish they could nail a French fry! The fries were just a little sad and cold. I did, however, enjoy the burger I got, but it's not super hard to make a delicious burger in my opinion. My advice, stick to the bar bites and the drinks and enjoy the people watching!
4	Came for their $20 bottomless mimosas during brunch. I also ordered their highly recommended steak salad which was "potentially" good. Sadly, the tough steak took away from enjoying my meal. I had a hard time cutting into the slices and chewing, but the marination and flavor of the steak was good. I think I drank a good 8 mason jars full of mimosas before I could finally get a good buzz. Which made me wonder if they over pour orange juice in it or the champagne isn't as strong as decent champagne usually is. Then again it is $20 bottomless for a reason. The place is super hipster and fun, which I love because it does give you something to look at and enjoy while waiting or sitting around. The backyard is super fun! Think the backyard is all there is? Nay! Follow the wonderfully decadent china wall and to the end you'll find a small opening where the fun teeter-totters are hidden! What fun! We had a ball with that one and any person who says they don't teeter-totter, I guarantee you a few mimosas later you'll be riding that thing like charlie brown!The service was very attentive always asking how we are doing and constantly refilling our drinks. Sandy they ran out of mimosas right before we could order one last one before it ended, but high tens to the bartender because she was nice enough to give us one last round of shots to end our happy hour. As you may predict, that awesomely tasteful shot that I cannot name had probably been the beginning of a very downward spiral turn of events for that night. Not so much sad turn of events, but more hangover memorable.
4	While visiting Vegas me and my girlfriends decided to come here for drinks. I like the set up of this bar, we hung out in the patio area. The style with the firer place and the lights and the decorations was very nice. The drinks were good also, I had a simple Margarita and chicken tender with fries appetizer. The staff was very friendly. I say this place is a good place to chill with friends and chat.
2	i feel like giving 2 stars MIGHT be too much,went here this past weekend and it wasn't too busycustomer service was probably the worse i've ever experiencedashley o was our bartender, it looked like it bothered her to have customersambiance and decor i liked
3	Definitely a different vibe and scenery from your other typical Downtown LV Fremont Street establishment.  Which I have to say is a very good thing.  I almost felt like this could be a gastro pub plucked right out of Downtown Santa Barbara or San Diego and through the technomagic of 22nd century additive manufacturing process better known as 3D printing technology reassembled layer by layer in the spot it currently occupied on 506 E Fremont Street in Las Vegas.The abundance of flora, interesting selection of dark wall paintings and other decorations, the open air outdoor seating area in the rear, all reminded me of portions of SoCal, even though I am sure this is an original design.  Homesick much?  Maybe.So I made my way to yet another pub type establishment, because of yet another friend's "temporary relocation away from Las Vegas" party or you can shorten it to your plain old going away party, but I felt the need for verbosity.  It was still relatively early, about 6pm, and my eyes had a hard time adjusting to the dimly lit interior as you walk into the bar area off the street.  The bartender and whoever else were working there must be busy, because no one acknowledge my presence at all.  Total fail on my part, especially after I had completed a session on How To Make An entrance at a work related workshop.   Not to be deterred by having been slighted by these employees, I brazing set off to explore the depth of this unwelcoming alcoholic dispensary.  I was shortly rewarded with the sight of a pleasant outdoor seating area, seemingly from another age.  Victorian perhaps, although with an added deliberate state of rehabilitation, for that extra feeling of mysteriousness.Just like the people of the Victorian age in London, as my many hours of period drama viewing have taught me, the behaviors of the workers in this obscured portion of the pub conformed more expectedly to the ethereal temporal throwback of that bygone age.  In other words, they acted according to their station, and greeted customers with obvious courteous deference.  A menu and a mason jar of water was promptly brought out, as I waited for the entire gathering to assemble.[Fast forward to the exciting part of the review - the food!]Summer Strawberry Salad - very nice and tasty.  The chicken was moist and flavorful.  The salad was served on an eco-friendly bamboo plate. A little more gorgonzola cheese crumbles would be nice, but not a deal breaker at $12 a serving.Cuban Sandwich - Decent, not the greatest, but I too finished it being brought up not to waste food as a child.  But I am thinking this was a seasonal promotion, as I no longer see it on their online menu.  Or it was simply not that popular.I also had a few bites of a friend's Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich.  He was on a perpetual quest to find a good version of it here somewhere in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately his quest must continue, as the version here disappointed him greatly.  The waffle was the offending element if you must know more details.  Sweet Potato Teeter Tots that came with the sandwiches were good, especially with the dipping sauces.  Way better than fries I am sure.The Classic Burger - didn't get to try it, but that looked very good and only comes with the MSRP of $9.Overall, a nice little get away to dine at near Fremont Street.  Now that the weather is getting nicer again, it will be back on the list of places to hit up before it gets excessively hot.If you are bored, explore the rear rear of the property, where you get to seesaw like you did when time was simpler, the chance of upward class mobility was bright, and the Pacific is not irradiated.3 stars!Review #10 of 2014
2	Happy Hour is great and Taco Tuesday is awesome as well, but the service is TERRIBLE!!!
2	Came here with two other people at 6:40, Happy Hour ends at 7 and our waiter didn't arrive to our table until 7:02 announcing that Happy Hour was unfortunately over. We ordered food and drinks and our waters didn't get there til 7:15, so we sat with no drinks for over a half hour. Btw, the place is empty and it's a Thursday. Our friend asked about the Garden Burger which says "100% Vegan" on the menu and the waiter lets us know that it's not really Vegan because they put Chipotle Ranch on it (and because they use egg to keep it together). Their food is decent at best, the service was horrendous.
2	The bathrooms in this place is terrifying. I'm literally never coming back here because it's so terrifying. I don't need distorted photos of kids and babies staring at me as I pee. Please. Other than that, it's pretty basic bar food. The non-bathroom parts of it are pretty cool and the staff is nice enough.
4	located in old Vegas, downtown , this is a unique place with some unique dishes.  Freindly service and food served hot.
1	Currently waiting for our second mimosa during the Sunday brunch (my first was 45 minutes ago, literally.) The service is terrible. We had to call our server asking for our second round of mimosas which was forgotten twice. No apologies. We were planning on ordering our meals but eventually decided to leave after one drink because service is taking that long. And just right now, another table that was sat 15 minutes ago decided to leave after their waitress didn't even bring them a menu. Would I come back? Maybe at night when I know the evening staff is more attentive, but I doubt it. This experience soured my experience with Park- all I wanted was a nice brunch with some friends from out of town. And when we asked for the bill due to being irritated, (it takes a lot to upset me as I am patient) Park still wanted to charge us $20 for one mimosa (which is a tiny cup) and one other round that was still at the bar that we were waiting for. Rest assured, we'll be speaking to a manager after this review because quite frankly, I was expecting more from this establishment. I would understand if the waitress took upon it to let us know if they were backed up or to even apologize, but she would pass by us (and the other table that left) until we called her over. I don't expect full on attention, but at least some consideration would have been appreciated.
3	The funny thing about 3 stars in that there must be SOME redeeming quality about the place that you rated it halfway, and heck, even took the time to rate it. Also, this review is for daytime service & food, not what it turns into at night.The food isn't that special. At least it's not super expensive. The drinks are pretty good, fond of the beermosa and grapefruit beer. Mimosa brunch is kind of a joke, but I come from LA where mimosa brunch is a dime a dozen. I don't get how mimosa brunching is not a thing in Vegas...? They fill a 6 oz mason jar about halfway with your mimosa and our server took her sweet ass time coming back refills. What happened to leaving the carafe of OJ and the bottle of champagne on the table? We flagged down 3 different servers to grab us our 5th refill (prob the equivalent of our 2nd glass) and when our actual server came back she was like oh they already brought them! And we said we would gladly take the second one! (since y'all were sleepin on it). And this mimosa brunch is crazy expensive too, $20 for bottomless? I haven't found anything in Vegas cheaper than $15 for bottomless - out of control. Those 3 stars represent decor and the fact there are 2 outside patios. I also kinda like how the inside is just essentially big hallway (with tables and a bar) that you walk through. There aren't really doors. Lame to like, but true. Everyone loves the back patio, and the see-saw. There was also live music when we went on Sunday afternoon around 2pm, which was nice.
5	Really great food!! Baby back ribs were so good!! The grape fruit beer is awesome! And the home made ice tea is refreshing!! This place is a Gem!
4	Oh wow. Downtown has definitely been revitalized! The food was great, the ambience was great, you forget that you're in Vegas! It's finally safe and awesome to go Downtown for locals!
5	The only thing I need to say about this place is get the Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich.  That sandwich alone makes this a 5 star place.
1	This place is the worst places to go to in Vegas. In fact this place was so bad it inspired me to create a yelp account. There are so many amazing places in Vegas so don't waste your time going to this one. The General manager has no respect for anyone, he is one of the worst people I have ever met. Don't waste your time going to this horrible place. BAD BAD BAD!!!!
4	Fun vibrant place downtown. We went for Taco Tuesday. Carnitas Taco's $2.00 and $1.00 Coronitas. Very good. Some of the best Taco's I've had in Vegas   Service was average but very friendly. Looking forward to returning
5	Park On Fremont is one of my favorites downtown. I enjoy the atmosphere and people watching since it is right on the corner of Fremont/LV Blvd. We have tried several of the food options and love the different beer choices. I would definitely recommend Park to anyone visiting Downtown LV!
5	I always go here with my boyfriend. Great food & friendly staff. Very eclectic & interesting artwork throughout. If you're an artist-type or just looking for a chill environment to have a few drinks & eats... you'll love it here.Side note: Go to the smoking area in the back. The teeter-totter is sooooo much fun! I give them 5 stars for that alone! =)
5	Awesome place to hang and have some good food! Pretty eclectic and cutesy. Had the grapefruit beer!! Loved it!! Had the chicken wings and beef tacos!! I personally love chicken wings, and the chipotle BBQ are delicious!! Definitely would come here again! One of the better places to eat and hang out in downtown!!
5	First time here! Had a good grouping people for a saturday night! Good environment to have a drink and some food! Had the garbage fries!! Pretty good!! Definitely would come here again. Its just a nice place, that i had a good time in! :)
5	We had the steak salad and fried egg burger with the sweet potato tater tots. We drank the pillow talk and unicorn for drinks. Yummy Sunday lunch! Nice change of pace from the usual Vegas food choices. The garden was fab! Love the kitschy quirkiness mix with the down home feel of the mason jar drinks. We don't come to Vegas often, but would definitely come again next time we're in town. I personally love the weird symmetry photos but my personal favorite was the horses getting friendly! Fun place to hang with friends.
1	Terrible service. And my $21.00 drink. What a joke. The waitress ,she could of cared less & the same with the manager/owner. Whatever he is. And over something so minor as O.J. Seriously. Food was fine. I ordered top shelf amaretto & o.j. Tasted strange right off. Asked the waitress for another shot , I watched bartender. It wasn't the amaretto . Went to pay,mentioned o.j. to bartender (just in case it was off). Manager said NO WAY. Said he'd take shot off bill. It WAS NOT liquor!!!! It was the o.j. Close to daughters house back I'll not go back.
3	I went here with a group on a tuesday night. They had a special for street tacos and coronitas (tiny coronas). The street tacos were pretty good, I mean its not out of this world but worth a try. We also tried their garbage fries which I believe was on their happy hour menu. Those were very tasty. I tried their chicken wings and they weren't anything memorable. Service was ok, not as attentive as I would like. I would probably  try this place again if I am on that side of town.
4	My 1st time to Park on Fremont was a nice visit.Out of the items that I tried I would recommend the Fried Pickles and Chicken Bar Bites with BBQ sauce with a Trophy Wife cocktail.I remember when this location was $5 sunglasses store or something like that but was never in there, not sure how they even have a kitchen in such a small building.
2	Very cute place, great back patio, nice drink menu, loved their fried pickles.  Unfortunately the experience was marred by bad wait staff.  We ordered drinks right away that took a while to come.  When they came we ordered some food which took longer to come, was cold and not exactly what we ordered.  We decided that we would like another round and more food......nothing.....the waitress was awol.  It wasn't that busy.  We finally got someone's attention and asked for the check.  After 20 minutes my husband went inside to complain and found our waitress at the bar.  I would like to try this place again but service is everything. I may try them again but unless they step up their service the next visit will be my last.
5	Had a quick bite to eat on Sunday afternoon.  The back patio was fantastic!  Our server was super friendly and recommended an awesome grapefruit beer, Stiegl.  Refreshing and delicious.  We both had the steak salad.  Yum!  The steak was so tender!  Will definitely be back when I can spend more time!
2	Right outside the Fremont Street canopy is Park on Fremont, a gastropub that opened last spring. It is hard to miss with its white picket fence. Once inside it feels like you've tumbled down the rabbit hole. Every inch of the place is dotted with quirky items, it's fun to let your eyes wander and see what they discover. I giggled at the stuffed birds, drooled over the taps on the mantle behind the bar and admired the chevron patterned floors while we waited to be seated. We chose to sit outside in the back outdoor garden. It was a weeknight so it was pretty quiet. Our waitress was attentive, though, it seemed she might have been new. She was unfamiliar with several of the draft beers. My Kellerwies made its way to me so no harm done. Drinks are served in mason jars. The selection is wide and varied. We got started with Mac & Cheese Balls ($7). The description hinted at bacon in the Mac & Cheese, however, there was no evidence of smokey, salty bacon. The balls were rolled in panko and fried crisp. They lacked any pizzazz. The garbage fries were recommended by our server we probably should have tried those. Sandwiches run $10-$12, we had the Cajun Chicken, BBQ Burger and Philly Mac & Cheese. All were edible, but none really shined. The sweet potato tater tots are good, but the sweetness becomes cloying after a few. It's best to check out Park on Fremont for drinks and maybe a snack. If you're looking for meal, there are better choices to be had.
4	Park on Fremont was great. We'd just put down a huge breakfast and wanted to sit in the sun like beached sea lions. The Park provided just the atmosphere for that and then some. The staff is lovely and eager to please. The only downside is they didn't have the beer my partner ordered. Otherwise, perfect place to enjoy the sights of Fremont.
2	Just ate here for the first time, and I gotta say, I'm disappointed with all the hype I've heard. First, the romaine in my salad was brown on the ends so it obviously wasn't fresh. Second, my soup and bread bowl came out colder than room temperature and I had to send it back, which I hate doing being a server myself. Third, we told our server, skinny girl with long black hair and purple on top that our parking meter was about to run out so we needed our check. She walked past us again a few minutes later with no check, said nothing, and then another couple of minutes later we see her seating a party of twenty and taking all of their drink orders! Get out of here!! I had to leave the table and go pull the car out while my boyfriend waited for our check another 10 minutes. UNREAL! We still left almost 20%, but I hope she realizes she missed out on the usual 30-40% we normally leave both being servers ourselves. Lastly, a little too pricy for what you get. Don't think we'll be back.
5	The Park is so much fun!!! The staff, food, and atmosphere are amazing!! Had my husbands 36th Birthday Party at the Park and we had a blast. This is by far the coolest place in Vegas!!! Thanks to all the staff at The Park on Fremont for making it an amazing night!!
4	Stopped here on a Sunday for lunch.  Shared the buffalo wings (very meaty), fried pickles, and a caesar salad. Fried pickles were awesome! They came with a chipotle ranch which went along great. If we'd known that they had a brunch menu, we wouldn't have eaten breakfast.   Not a huge menu, but plenty of variety. We ate out on the back patio which had a great vibe. Music playing and plenty of shade from the sun if wanted.
3	My two brothers were in town and they requested a place to get drinks, but also had food so that one of my brothers husband flew in much later than everyone else and my BF also got off work late. Ended up here on the default it was a beautiful evening to be outside, and most bars nearby don't serve food. We sat in the front picket fence patio which is good if you want to people watch the coming and goings of Fremont. With drinks you can get a sampler of 4 mix and match drinks (signature cocktails or draft beers) for $20 which is not bad for a anytime of the day deal. Out of the drinks we tried the Wombat on Bathsalts was the better of them. One of my drinks, Pillow Talk, basically tasted like soda water. I ordered fried pickle to munch on. This was actually pretty good and I liked the banana peppers were also battered and fried. It had decent seasoning and went well with the ranch. The portion though was measly though. I let a few people take a pickle and I had 3 bites. The BF got a burger and it was not medium as requested but well done, no pink at all. It was also very dry and it didnt help that it needed a sauce. The sweet potato tots were not crispy enough, it barely had any crunch on the outside. My brother in laws food was greasy and the garbage fries were really salty.Service was okay. She was busy doing a full patio herself so times she wasn't around to flag I saw her running around for other tables so I can't blame her for it. It's a A-OK place. I wish we got a table in the back garden so it would be nice garden ambiance, but the front porch wasn't a bad spot. The tall stools weren't so comfy to sit on though so try to sit on the tables and not the back tall table if possible. Drinks and food could have better consistency standards. This place could be amazing as the spot and ambiance is right, but it falls short in serving quality.
2	Nice patio. The bar has no AC. HORRIBLE service on the patio. Prepare to be thirsty and ignored.
4	This place won my heart over! Nothing like a natural, "earthy" ambience. I've honestly passed this place a million times, not knowing what I've been missing out on. We sat done outside towards the front (that's the only place you can sit if you have a baby with you). Although it was okay because we had a front-row view of all Downtown. Good thing we went when the temperature wasn't too high, so it was nice to enjoy an outside table. But for the Vegas heat, it might get unpleasant to sit outside during the Summer. (The employees were great and moved umbrellas for us so the sun wouldn't hit our table).The drinks were ahhhmazing! Their sangria was delicious:) and let me tell you about their food it was EVEN BETTER! I ordered a Philly Mac and cheese steak; my friends ordered French toast and a salad. All which were very delicious. I definitely recommend this place! Hopefully next time I go I'll make it all the way towards the back. I heard they have a see saw back there!
2	HORRIBLE service on the patio and over priced cocktails!!! The waitress flat out ignored us, even when we signaled to her. When she did wait on us she would walk away in the middle of our order! And then it would take forever to get the order we placed. In addition to the slow and rude service, we were asked to change tables for a reservation that arrived early- even though they neglected to place a reserved sign on the table we had chosen. This was after the nice umbrellas providing shade on the patio were taken down and we were all left in the sun. The new table we had to move to was even more directly in the sun and we had to find our own umbrella. This place has potential but they are lacking in customer service.
4	Park on Fremont is my Park Place. luv!  love the teeter totter. shhh....its a secret.
4	Super Cute Place! And the food is tasty!If you're looking for a healthy meal The Chicken Strawberry Summer Salad, is really good. Green Lettuce, Grapes, Strawberries, Chicken, pecans, and balsamic dressing.Hubs had The Brunch Skillet, it's spicy, but I liked it! ;)This place isn't cheap with their ingredients, and the decor is so Flippen Cute. I highly recommend to walk through this little hipster joint.Also, in the every back there's a hidden teeter-totter. Check it out!I'm only giving 4 stars bc I think they could be less expensive, but 5 stars on overall experience. They even welcome dogs.
1	Between several friends we've tried to make this place happen on numerous occasions. Every time the food is good. Service is wack. If we don't get one of the many rude waitresses, we get extremely slow service. Well come to think of it, every time we went there was extremely slow. Sorry Park, we all really tried to make you happen. We wanted to like you with your cool drinks, good looking menu and sweet decor. You just made it so damn difficult. Oh. And your tap water tastes very very off. I'm a local and so far yours is the only place that I've questioned the source of tap water.
4	Spent Saturday evening down on Fremont.  I'm a local but don't go down to the area much.  Came here for the first time and the place is truly an awesome find.  Got here probably 8pm and walked back to the patio which is amazing...  Trees, artwork, fireplace...  They have the ambiance nailed down.  All the patio furniture is very retro and just fun.  There is a little corner entry that goes back to another patio section with a see saw and a more intimate feel.  We didn't eat here but just came for the drinks.  They were incredibly priced.  I felt we drank a lot, between shots, beers, margaritas, etc.  Our bill was a total of $38, maybe.  The music they play was fun and brought back memories.I see a lot of people complaining about service.  It was on the slow end, but nothing that I would complain really about.  We weren't in a hurry to get anywhere, just enjoying the vibe, the conversation, etc.  But I can see where they could prob bring on another person or two for shifts.
4	We got takeout tonight, and I was a little disappointed in the whole thing:1. We arrived to a practically empty side patio and dining room. Weird sign on a Friday night on Fremont East.2. It was 630pm, and they had a door man in full blacks with a clicking counter and sleazy hairdo.3. We waited several minutes to be carded, because this doorman was carding the foursome in front of us that we're all obviously of retirement age or greater.4. Once we were carded, there was no recognition of being locals.. inconvenienced locals that live mere blocks away.5. The ineffectual hostess sat in front of a sign reading "Please seat yourself" while the ineffectual doorman made confusing and unsolicited food suggestions ("You gotta try that thing with the... umm.. mac and cheese, yeah!")6. Once we had sat ourselves at the outside portion of bar, our unsmiling, but otherwise friendly, bartender came by to get our order.7. He did apologize for being out of cherries for our cherry cokes. 8. Food took 30+ minutes despite low guest count.9. The ahi tuna "salad" was not a salad at all. It was 7 lovely and pretty perfectly seared slices of ahi, 3 slices of Hass avocado, 3 forkfuls of spring mix with a little too much dressing, and a drizzle of a sauce I couldn't put my finger on. Not bad at all, but should have been offered on the appetizer menu and not described as a salad.10. Fiancee's Cajun chicken sandwich and fries were delicious. The roll was fresh, the fries were as good as ever, and the chicken cooked through but not dry. We will order this again.Overall I took a star for this review because of this lackluster experience this time. I will hopefully give them their star back next time!
5	Had a great lunch there. The decor is very much like crazy grandpa. But grandma makes a great burger and awesome sweet potato hush puppies.
4	Came here on a whim with the hubby. The front outdoor patios what caught our eye since it would offer great ppl watching. However, the only waitress for the patio was overloaded, so we waited at the bar and ended up staying. Such cool decor inside we didn't mind. The cool taxidermy, including the antelope with chrome gold antlers and machine guns, the oversized Ryden giclee of the girl in the meat dress (lady gaga's inspiration??). We ordered a pitches of the red wine and brandy sangria, garbage fries, and fried pickles. The garbage fries were awesome, pickles were good but we liked the fries better. If it wasn't so late, would've done the philly or chicken'n'waffles. Next time!!!
5	Yummy mac and cheese balls. Great service. The server kept coming back to make sure we were good. Can sit outside to watch all the crazies.
5	I Was downtown at lunchtime and thought I was walking into a pizza place. Was seated quick and the waiter took our drink order quickly. (Passion Ice tea) Good vibes, good music most of the time  business people at lunch not many tourist. I'm local so I'm good with that. The restaurant has a really cool look. Copper tables, barstools, foot rails  every thing looked hand made. With saloon style wallpaper on the ceiling and some really cool hunting art on the walls my favorite piece was the stuffed deer head with gold punk rock spiked antlers that curved into 2 Gold machine guns. Yes machine guns And a painted cartoon style rendition of lady gaga in her meat dress. it wasn't till I couldn't find pizza on the small menu as the waiter was taking our order and when I asked he said no that's next door. (awkward) I thought park on Fremont was where you park. ( lol) So I scanned quickly as my friend ordered a cheese burger, Fries and Mac and cheese balls. I got the cajun chicken sandwich and fries with extra seasoning. The food was pretty good the chicken had just enough Cajun seasoning. Juicy chicken my friends burger was really good he had not had a burger in awhile so it was a treat for him fries were good and the Mac and cheese balls are delicious with a little bacon and taste home made. My friend don't eat pork and ate 4 of them. For dessert i had to have a doughnut ice cream sandwich. You gotta try one of these. Off the charts. Check was about 39 bucks + a 20% tip .  Nothing worth taking a star away for. It was a good experience overall. And I will take my wife and pictures next time I go. Ps the pizza place next store was out of business.
4	As far as ingenuity of decor and service goes, they get 5 STARS.  Had the chicken sandwich, was a little dry.  Friend had the philly steak Mac n cheese sand which & it was awesome.  I'd go back for that.  Spicy ketchup was great.  Love the Sriracha they add to it.   The whole place has a great vibe.  Patio seating is clutch!
5	I've been to Park a few times and every time I come I enjoy it more and more! The food is great and the drinks are amazing! I love to eat on the patio which reminds me of being at a real park. Food always come fast and hot! The staff are friendly very personable.
4	No happy hour on weekend booooo. Food was not bad. We had the sangria two pitchers of it. It was really good I've never had it before. Kind if hurting today lol . I want to go back for happy hour try some of the other food
4	Stopped in for Sunday brunch. Seated outside on a perfect day we were able to enjoy the sights of Fremont street and all of the interesting people. We had the mimosas, $20 for a bottle of champagne and some orange juice, a good deal IMO. My wife had the French toast and I had the chiliquiles.  The chiliquiles were flavorful and the stake the comes with it was perfectly cooked. A little spicy for me but I enjoyed. It's a nice place and service was excellent so I will definitely be back to try some more of the menu.
1	Horrible!!  I don't know why I can't bring a baby, 1 yr old, to a restaurant with patio seating.  My recommendation is to find a better place.  I guess the economy has taken a better turn.
4	The decor is gorgeous, beer menu solid, but they're a little low on vegetarian menu options. The staff are pretty fantastic.We stopped in after dinner on Friday night and were seated really quickly, outside. The waiter was just lovely, chatty, friendly and attentive without hovering. They do $10 beer and shot matchups which are fun. Best of all is the decor, I was just about ready to move in.
5	Such great ambiance and service by Chris! Great venue for a fun night out with friends!
4	Great location right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of fremont st. Loved the whole vibe of the place! Drinks are served in little mason jars (which I thought was really cute). Food is a bit over priced for what it is but it's one of those fun places to eat. Acceptional service and great atmosphere!
1	Well, I give it 5 stars for a Saturday night if you wanna grab a drink. But if you're trying to get lunch during the day, don't bother! Terrible service. Waiter skipped over my table several times. It seemed like he had never waited a table before. Took so long for food that wasn't all that great. Won't ever eat there again. (this was about a month or so ago)
4	Teeter totter? Yes. It's hidden, though, you have to be drunk to find it. :p Food is OK. Not much to choose from so we just got a couple "pickins" but they were decently portioned so eating for $16 for 2 people ain't bad. Next time I will try a burger or sandwich. Good beer list. I got the grapefruit beer at my friend's suggestion. Yum! Drinks are overpriced. Like for REAL. $8 for a PBR tallboy? AND the bartender scoffed at my ordering it? You better lower the price if you're going to judge me. Lol. Decor is decidedly hipster; taxidermy animals arranged in sexual positions? A painting of two horses fu*king? Ha! Ok. I'll be back. One of the coolest places I've been to in Vegas.
2	Wow, what a letdown. I sat at the bar completely overlooked by the bartenders, who by the way apologized twice but continued to take orders from patrons who arrived after me and were literally standing behind me. Maybe they were friends or regulars? Who knows? But whatever the reason, they got priority service. Three other people who were hanging out with us finally left sans drink. They took off for Don't Tell Mama and reported back that they were served immediately. Jessica C. and I decided to suffer through the wait with our parched palates and carry on. It was a poor decision and we should have left with the other three. The bartenders were busy, Park was busy. That is a fact but not an excuse. If you can't execute under pressure you are in the wrong business. They get 2 stars for the beer selection and garden. But that doesn't matter. Yuck.
4	One of my favorite spots on Freemont St,love sitting outside while sipping a grapefruit beer.Grapefruit beer so light and refreshing I want one now. Food is  excellent try the ahi tuna salad, seared ahi tuna with mixed greens and a vinegrette dressing. Chicken and waffle sandwich is insane you need a big appetite. Can't wait for my next visit to The Park.
5	Attention to detail in this place is just awesome! Great back patio. Highly recommend it!!
5	I love this place - cool and mellow with DELICIOUS snacks! Ordered the mac and cheese bacon bites (OMG) and I'm not even joking when I say that the Garbage Fries are the best thing I have ever eaten! The fried pickles were just okay, skip them and eat more fries :) Sat outside by the fireplace at night......so cute.
4	Definitely one of the best places I've been in Vegas.  Super cool hidden spot.  TONS of craft beer on tap, and a handful of very impressive signature Bloody Mary's.  The Derby Breakfast Club Bloody Mary came with bacon and a pickled egg.  Took the edge off the hangover from the night before.The decor is... interesting.  Very hipster.  My favorite was the horse painting on the patio.  Check it out!
3	I'm a Vegas native, but have been in NYC over a decade. Makes me happy to see places like this popping up in Vegas. It's a little contrived, decor-wise, but the back patio is nice. The garbage fries are weird and tasty, and the Cajun chicken sandwich is delish. The salad that came with it was simple (mesclun, cucumber, tomato, blue cheese crumbles), yet impressive for size and freshness. The red sangria was like juice.
5	Off the strip, delicious and a great time.The ambience in this place is hip but offbeat. The food is delicious and the services is friendly yet unsolicitous.
1	Umm like Yelp says up there ^ methinks not! Came down for the Downtown Wednesday Block Happy Hour. They were busy, about 2-3 people deep. We were the 2nd so we got a seat at the bar pretty much as soon as we walked in and conveniently  near the Happy Hour specials sign. However, he failed to serve us in an appropriate time frame. Since he was busy ignoring us we figured we'd ask about the specials and decide what we wanted while we waited for him. We asked the bartender what beers were on special he said they all were. We asked twice, even. They, as well as some of the other bars had a special that included a beer and a shot for $6.00(I believe it was $6.00) Well neither of us are shot people so we just ordered the beer, he said $18.00. I said oh we only get the special if we order a shot? He took a beer away and gave us a bottle of beer and said $20! WTF!! Umm that still doesn't solve the problem. I spoke up and said you said all the beers were on special. He mumbled something but basically used the excuse that they were busy as to why he screwed up our service. I should have told him to shove it and go somewhere else but I didn't, I took the beer and the crappy shot and went on our way. Doubtful that I'll be returning. Poor service, as a bartender you have the power!! Give me the beers you screwed up at the special price listed, you get a bigger tip. You screwed it up after all. The worst part is that he could have cared two craps less that he didn't pay attention, didn't listen and that he screwed it up. Blah!
5	Haven't gotten our food yet, but the service had been super duper excellent. Our server Chris has been one of the best waiters we've ever had. Attentive to our requests, and made extra care that we were comfortable in this heat. The unicorn is the drink to have here, and hopefully the Chilaquiles is awesome as the service.
4	I'm going to give it a four since I didn't eat, but the service from our waiter Sean was great.  Just had drinks with a friend.  I like sweet with a subtle kick.  Had the stranger danger and pillow talk both were delicious.  My friend had a ginger beer and a unicorn which I thought the unicorn was to sour.  The food looked good and they even have a late night happy hour so I will definitely have to come back and give it a go.  Nice inside and outside area to socialize with company or meet new people. it seemed like there was a back patio as well.
4	I went here last nights for the boyfriend's boss's bday so this review is a little bias since I didnt have to pay for anything.  Whenever I dont pay its automatically going to get high marks in my book.  Tried their cocktails, loved all of them! Stranger Danger if you enjoy sipping on some sweet tea with a little twang, pillow talk is a straight up fancy pinky up treat and the kumquat mojito was refreshing although quite sour, but I've never tried kumquats before, so maybe? Anywho all the drinks come in mason jars, and the shots come in smaller mason jars..very cute.  Tried the nachos. I would compare them to Taco Bell's mexican pizza with added steak.  I dug it.  They had EXCELLENT sweet potater tater tots.  One bite and I was transported to homeroom class in high school.  I reached in my pocket to snack on some delicious..oh wait...that never happened.. but what did happen was the party in my mouth. Nice work Park on Fremont.
1	Once again Park disappoints and screws up before I can even get a drink or food!  This is the 3rd time I've tried this place and the third time I've been treated like hell. This time a large (15) group of us who happen to work just down the street stopped in at 7:30. We were seated by the staff, seated by staff and were just about to order when a different  staff member came and told us rudely we had to move.  Of course we asked why.  "These seats are reserved" she said, although there was no reserved sign on the table AND WE DIDN'T SEAT OURSELVES - THE HOSTESS/WAITRESS DID! She demanded we move.  They offered us a table with 3 chairs - for 15 people?  The manager came over and said "You should have made reservations." and my response was "If you didn't have seats for us why on earth would you seat us? Why weren't we told 'I'm sorry, but we can't accommodate a large group"   We happily left and took our business across the street to a bar where the staff actually seems to communicate with each other and want the business of actual, long time downtowners.
1	I'm sad to write this review based on the staff but due to the rude doormen, my whole mood was ruined and I sat down at the bar but started getting angry the more I thought about it and then left without even ordering. Just a tip, don't insult people before they even walk through your doors. That is NOT the way to treat someone willing to give you their money. The decor was super cute and the menu looked interesting. If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I may reconsider trying this place but rude people really put me off.
3	This place is great to enjoy drinks in a nice quiet atmosphere (patio area). Love coming with friends & catching up.
3	I was meeting a bunch of friends nearby for a birthday celebration so, I decided to eat and pre-game here. The interior is interestingly bizarre. The crowd is great if you don't mind hipsters. Plaid shirts, boots, full-sleeve tats and beards...with music you probably have never heard of playing in the background. There's a song that was so not mainstream, Shazam doesn't even know what it is. Is the food from a local source? IDK. Does it have bacon? Yes. Do you drink from mason jars? Yes. Do you have doughnuts? Yes.Bacon-Wrapped Corn Dogs:The more I tell myself I'm going to eat healthy food, the more I rebel. I like to wrap my arms around my legs in yoga and my corn dogs wrapped around with bacon. You get 2 big corn dogs served with Sriracha ketchup and a spicy mustard. The bacon is wrapped around the hotdog then dipped in batter - part of bacon enjoyment is the crispy salty goodness but you won't get that with this. 3/5Philly Mac and Cheese Steak:This cheesesteak was actually good but there was just too much bread, not enough meat. Carbo-loading? This is for you. 3.5/5Stranger Danger:Peach vodka and iced tea. If you like peach-flavored anything then, you might like this drink. I don't.Trophy Wife:Rum, OJ, pineapple juice, lemon, simple syrup and bitters. This was pretty refreshing. Fruity and delicious.They do have salads. Looking back, they do have delicious-sounding salads like Strawberry Summer Salad, Steak Salad, Ahi Tuna Salad, etc. But on my last night of drinking, I wanted to get something with more substance. On the menu, right below salads: deep-fried Oreo and Girl Scout Cookies, and Donut Ice Cream Sandwich!If you don't like scary movies, stay away from the bathroom or you'll piss your pants. There are creepy pictures on the wall and in front of the sink and in between the two mirrors is a reminder for you to wash your hands: "Employees must say Bloody Mary three times into mirror before returning to work" - if you've seen the movie...you'll know what happens.
5	We wandered away from the strip and came across this place. The atmosphere is great. Low key hip vibe with great music in the background. Servers are friendly and the food is very good. Not a traditional menu but in a good way. Drinks were good and breakfast was awesome. We had Chilaquiles which is cilantro steak and eggs served with house made chips and salsa. Very good and unique. As far as drinks Peach fuzz smash and Park Paloma were very refreshing.  Our server Andrea was helpful and friendly. We will be back as there is plenty more on the menu that we want to try.
5	Food was great, and well priced. Our server was very nice. Had a great lunch would go back again.
4	One of the hottest days in Vegas.. the pain of walking around for four days straight.. brought us to this oasis on the other side of the Freemont street tourist traps. It's a upscale feeling watering hole, manned (and womanned) by some of the nicest people we have met in Vegas as of yet. We grabbed a drink, I had a long island.. and it was delicious. They also brought us some ice water without being asked. On top of that little gesture.. they used their own phone (because we didn't have our own) to look up a number for us, and let us make a quick call to check to make sure things were still ok for us to pay a visit.Top marks for this spot and especially the staff.
4	I'm still quite new to the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene, so coming across Park On Fremont was a little bit of a nice surprise for me.  I loved how it was right across the street from the bus stop and also the fact that it's on Fremont Street made the place was easy to find.  It was a beautiful day outside when I went so I decided to sit out on their Patio (http://bit.ly/1neEIIF).Let's get to the food.  Basically I heard about their Philly Mac and Cheese Steak and saw some pics of it on yelp.  So I wanted to give it a go just because of how crazy good it looked.Philly Mac and Cheese Steak. --  http://bit.ly/1mfuMNfThin sliced sirloin with bell peppers and onions, topped with mac & cheese.On paper, the Philly Mac & Cheese Steak sounds over the top delicious.  But overall it was really dry.  I think mine could've used a lot more cheese sauce.  That probably would've made it a lot better.  Nice try though!  The side of sweet potato tots were good though and I'm glad they threw in some honey mustard dipping sauce for it.Service was really good here.  My waitress was really friendly and enthusiastic and always checked on me.  But then again, I was the only customer out on the patio at the time.  I could imagine things getting a little hectic later in the day and at night especially.  No complaints from me though, my server was awesome!I'm more than likely going to come back to Park on Fremont again since I'm a huge sucker for Gastropubs and their menu has a lot more interesting dishes I'd like to try like their Mac & Cheese Balls, Garbage Fries, Fried Chicken & Waffle Sandwich, and Bacon Wrapped Corn Dogs.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying all of those!
5	Went there with my wife for brunch today, the Mrs. wanted mimosas and I wanted food. $20 bucks for a bottle of above average champagne and a carafe of very fresh, very good orange juice, not the cheapest deal, but way better quality ingredients then the cheap bottomless mimosas around town.  I got the fish taco of the appetizer section of the menu thinking it was small enough to be an appetizer, they ended up being given 3 normal sized fish tacos, but they were so good, I could have eaten another order. Stuffed from my fish tacos I still had my meal coming, I got the Philly mac n cheese steak sandwich, simply put, it's a cheese steak sandwich with "mac n cheese" as the cheese. It was very good. It came with fries and those were awesome also.My wife got French Toast, she said they were a little soggy from the fruit put on top of it, but nonetheless the meal was good. They don't offer a breakfast potato on the menu, but they were nice enough to specially make some for my wife, so she was happy. It was a little expensive, but we both left stuffed and happy, which doesn't happen often when we go out to eat, especially on East Fremont.
5	One of the best experiences I have had in Vegas.  Food, drink, decor, outdoor patio and vibe.  The chicken and waffle sandwich was great.
5	Went here for the first time tonight for happy hour and had a great time! Tried the Mac n cheese balls and the chicken appetizers ( both were 5 bucks during happy hour) and they were super good. The drinks aren't too pricey, I think around $8. Got the "stranger danger" and I thought it tasted like a yummy iced tea. Cool decor and the back patio is set up really neat, with misters to help beat the heat. We will be back again!
5	First time here! Get the garbage fries they're amazingg. Our server Sam was awesome and there was no wait on a Friday night! Our food was out quick and the presentation was cute, we will back!
4	Been here quite a few times, has always been a great time! Food is always been good, had the opportunity to try a few things now...the menu isn't too big (which makes it easier for me to decide and try everything!)I really like atmosphere, very funky and hip! Love the outdoor patio and hang out area!LOVE the teeter-totter!
4	Sweet potato tators is all I have to say...BOMB! Mac & Cheese Balls are nice too.  I like the chicken wings quite a bit. My wife loves the Unicorn drink and they also carry Leine's and Fruli Strawberry which are super tasty brews. Sometimes the back area smells, well...not so pleasant, so beware, especially if you plan on eating back there. The secret see saw area is really neat. All in all we enjoy Park and visit frequently. Don't forget about Taco Tuesdays!!! Super tasty tacos for a steal!
4	Full disclosure. We went here because we heard about a doughnut ice cream sandwich. If you aregoing here because you've heard about the donut ice cream Sandwich don't go they don't have it anymore they offered us fried Oreos instead which my friend was not impressed with well they didn't sound good to her So we didnt order them.  However a solid breakfast. I had the breakfast sandwich which was on brioche bread which was really phenomenal so I would go here again and not just for breakfast for other things too their happy hours pretty good. The vibe in the restaurants pretty nice and the service was phenomenal.
5	Yet another enjoyable experience. Food was just right temp & all delicious. Service was nice, welcoming & friendly. Wish they had some brunch drink specials but who doesn't like to save a buck or two. The music today was predominantly reggae but I'm definitely not complaining.
4	Good selection of craft beer, food good, great ambience and open on Sundays....it is what  it is...dont over think this place...and...if you have an attractive blonde on your arm- you wont have to....just say'n
3	When the weather is good, the back is a great little place to hang out and talk.  I love the atmosphere with the seesaw in the back, and the service has never let me down.That being said, $10 for a Dirty Martini made from well booze is not a good deal at all.  The drinks are okay at best, but the food feels forced and I really wish they'd just sell drinks and concentrate on making them taste good.When I'm snackish I always order the fried pickles and I'm always a little disappointed.  They are okay, but it's (again) not a lot for the money, and are served in this parchment paper in a tin cup.  I get that they are trying to be hipster with their stuff, but it leaves the food mushy at the bottom.  Blech.I'll always come back because I love the atmosphere, but it's not the food or drinks that bring me back.
5	My new fav spot! See-Saw + Beer + Fish Tacos!!!That is all.
2	First off, the food and atmosphere here is pretty darn good. I live in the area, so it's a nice place to bike over to and grab lunch. The patios are beautiful, amd the inside is comfortable. I love the San Diego Burger, and the Tacos are pretty good for a plqce that doesn't specialize in tacos.I'm writing this particular review to talk about the service. When Park on Ftemont first opened, I had a number of great dining experoences, but recently the service here has been, for the most part, mediocre if not outright nonexistent. In most cases it was simply that the servers had unenthusiastic attitudes, no smiles, and an apparent overall distaste for having to be at work that day. A number of the times the service was slow, and it was hard to get the servers attention without them seeming annoyed. I understand that this is a pretty high traffic place in the evenings, and none of this is normally bad enough to mention. I mention it now because of the problem I had with the hostess the other day.I was planning on going to take part in Taco Tuesday with some girlfriends, but I was interested in bringing my sister who was not yet 21. I called ahead to see at what time they stopped searing minors. Since I had been there before with my sister, and had even eaten inside, I thought I had heard the girl on the phone say she could seat minors on the patio after six. When we arrived I told her we had minors in our party and asked if we could sit on the patio. She abruptly and demeaningly informed my party that minors were not allowed here after six. When I began to explain I had called someone earlier, she broke in before I could even finish to say "that was me, and I can't seat you." Taken aback, I turned around to walk out with my group. As we left, she mumbled "Have a nice day." All as she sipped on what looked like some sort of mojito based on the color and the muddled mint in the drink.I was aware that I may have misheard what she had said on the phone, but the fact that she was so unapologetic and just plain mean made me never want to go back.I'm sure I'll get over it eventually because like I said, the food is good, but I'm not a fan of the "exclusive, you're-not-worth-our-time, cool-kids only" vibe the employees have been giving me. It makes me want to go there, and take new people with me, a lot less.
4	the place is relatively small, but also relatively new in downtown LV. Right next to Insert Coin(s), it's another hidden gem on Fremont St.there isn't too much space for hosting patrons, so hopefully they either expand or relocate because I do enjoy pretty much everything about Park on Fremont. The music is good, the lighting isn't blinding, the drinks are strong and crafty, and the decor is classic and trendy. Good spot to start your bar crawl in Downtown vegas. oddly enough - there's a bunch of paintings of animals in fancy frames, as well as a mounted "golden" buck's head with machine guns for antlers. it's like the brainchild of a Taxidermist/Typographer or something. anyway, Cheers!-civilities.
5	Mac and Cheese Balls and Mojito's? I'm already in love.One of my new fave spots in downtown. If anyone doesn't know what a hipster is or what a hipster restaurant looks like, COME HERE!! Lol. They have a picture of a lady with a meat dress on the wall and tons of other cool pics to look at inside. They play great music from 80's Prince to Today's hits. We didn't get a chance to go outside to their patio since it was 106 degrees out so I was kind of bummed about that. But next time!Came here around 230pm on a Friday and it wasn't too bad. Sat inside at a booth adjacent to the bar. I ordered their Strawberry salad and Mojito and shared the mac n cheese balls with the Hubs. SO GOOD!! Everything! The salad was super fresh and the mojito....OMG. I could have had 3 of those easily. But, I would have been a drunken mess if I did that. The Mac and Cheese balls hit the spot! It's served with cheese to dip in. Yum!Our server was friendly and brought out everything quickly and made sure our drinks were filled. The price is a little pricey but it's to be expected for Vegas. They have a patio outside and a little one out front too. They are located on Fremont St past all the casinos and craziness. They do have parking lot right next to the restaurant but I see that filling up quickly at night.Can't wait to come back when it's a little cooler and sit outside!
5	It was like i died and went to hipster heaven. I cant say a bad word only that i wanted to stay much longer. Hidden smoking section with a see saw. YES! Food and drinks were awesome!Eat in the alice in wonderland esq. garden.
3	I am updating my review and adding a star!!My last visit was fantastic! The bartender introduced me to a new beer and food was pretty darn good.I am glad I gave it a second chance and I think a third will come soon. I still can't stand the mason jars, and the food:value ratio could get heavier on the quality side, but overall, they are on their way.
5	This was a nice surprise and definitely a hidden gem in my opinion.  My friend and I tried this place on a whim because she heard they had good fried pickles.  Am I ever glad we stopped in!  The drinks are especially unique and it's a nice change from the typical Freemont Street spot to grab a snack.  Definitely more upscale than the usual with friendly staff, good food and unusual (and very delicious) cocktails. Drink prices are average to the other bars nearby, but the quality is much better.  If you're going to spend $8 for a cocktail on Freemont you'll get a better drink here than at the frozen drink stand down the road.  We had a couple of appetizers, a couple of cocktails and some good conversation with Chris, our waiter.  Definitely recommended!  I will be stopping here for sure next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This place is sorta hit and miss. It's location is great and service is decent but could be better. The beer is cheap on Tuesdays and they have Taco Tuesday. Tacos are good most of the time but feel like something is missing from the atmosphere. Not a bad place just feel like it could be better.
3	Went here for dinner one night loved the ambiance, but our service/food could have been a lot better! Our server was not attentive and we waited awhile to order, despite the fact that the front area was not crowded at all. Once our food came out, it was cold  and needed to be re-fired :( Outside of that- I love taking in pretty places, and this establishment was pure eye candy.
4	Ambience is great, food is decent, happy hour drink prices are good.Definitely a good place to either hangout or eat, when visiting downtown Vegas / Fremont.
3	First off, I was surprised to see so many hipsters here- don't they move on once us peasants have heard about a place? That being said, the patio out back is a gorgeous garden in the middle of downtown LV- totally unexpected, and pleasantly so. I highly prefer it over the front patio, which is chock-full of exhaust fumes.I've mostly stuck to appetizers and drinks here- the Trophy Wife is my drink of choice while here, and the wings are old-school style but nothing really blew me away. As others have said, the mac and cheese philly is good in theory but not executed well.Staff seem to be MIA most of my visits, which is fine up until a certain point- I like to be able to converse without servers pestering me or making me feel obligated to order a new drink every time mine dips below half-full, but it would be nice if they seemed to care about their patrons.
3	A restaurant with a lovely garden and nice interior space, really let down by a very unadventurous menu filled with "same old" stuff - main courses are restricted to burgers and salads.  The cocktails are quite nice - I certainly enjoyed the simple vodka cocktail, the Unicorn, I was served - though putting everything in mason jars is a bit of a tired hipster contrivance.  Service was friendly but slow, though the waiter was clearly doing his best - the staff to table ratio is probably a bit out of whack here.I hope that this place comes to its senses and strives for a more ambitious culinary effort.  The location and setting (i.e. the expensive stuff) is great, but right now it's just an unremarkable burger joint with nice surroundings.
2	This place is a joke. The bartender doesn't know how to make a Sazerac, they were out of Bulleit and Makers?! Um, aren't we in Vegas? How do you even run out of whiskey? This place reminds me of SF's hipster cocktails bars, but without the cocktails.  The decor will fool you with the cute little garden patio and the mason jars but that's all this place could offer. We sampled a variety of items on the menu, including the mac&cheese balls, chicken and waffles, sweet potatoes tots and nothing impressed us at all. The ahi tuna was probably the best thing I tried on the menu.  Service was slow, food was mediocre and most importantly, whiskey selection sucks.
5	We arrived to Park on Fremont after we parked inside the Fremont St experience parking garage. After a less than 5 minute walk we arrived to our destination. We were asked if we preferred to sit inside or outside. We decided to dine inside. Upon walking inside we were greeted to a very friendly atmosphere with an interesting decor. We are seated by a friendly server.  We take a few minutes to look over the menu. I will say the beer selection was better than i had anticipated. I decide to order a chocolate flavored dark beer. To my surprise this place has an item on their menu which is a combination of two of my all time favorite comfort foods. Mac and cheese and Philly Cheesesteak. Wow. Gimme one of those please! My sandwich arrived promptly and to no surprise was actually quite delicious. Was it the best Philly in town? By no means, but it was a creative take on a classic and it was real good! The mac and cheese sits on the sandwich nicely and gives it an interesting texture and flavor. My chocolate beer arrived in a cold can and and it was ok too. The prices are fair, the food is good and the atmosphere was great!
5	Good atmosphere great chicken and garbage fries really worth the time.  You are a fool you pass this place by
5	The back patio and happy hour make this one of my favorite places to unwind after a day of work with friends. Such a relaxing environment with friendly staff who often seem just as happy to be there as I am. The fried pickles, ahi appetizer, and amazing wings will definitely put a smile on your face.
3	Hipster central. Great ambience. Their food is just okay. Some drinks are hit and miss.
5	This place is a go-to for my boyfriend and I. We've been here numerous times and I don't have one complaint. Our service has always been good - even on busy nights - the staff is pretty friendly and will keep conversation with you. The food is fantastic. I always leave full. The chilaquiles were my favorite but I don't see them on the menu anymore :(. Their garbage fries are listed as an pickings but I'm always soooo full from them. So so so so so delicious and spicy! Their beer list is perfection. One of the few places I know of that sells Sam Smith Strawberry and Raspberry beer. Yum. Yum. Yum. Side note - check out the artwork around the place. Definitely out there but you'll find some pieces that will bring up quite the conversation. Sit in the back if you're looking for ambiance and a little romance. Sit in the front for endless entertainment from the people walking Fremont. Don't forget the seesaw in the back!
2	Only had  2 dollar beers on Tuesday. ,7oz.That's what a sign said on the curb, so i was sold. MISTAKE  Found it waiting for my flowers to be made at the bud and vine (which SUCKED ASS TOO) Found this place by just walking around wasting time.Bartender NOT too friendly unless your her regulars is the feeling I got,  and I live here,  also a bartender myself. I left myself Open for conversation also.  I didn't get face down on the phone for that reason, to leave myself open for conversation or maybe she would offer me a menu??? NOPE!!!.  Still, so she proved they don't need new faces here.  Must be nice not to need my money.  Ty~ I WILL NOT RETURN
4	This place is a really fun stop. They have hand crafted cocktails which are fun and a great beer selection. Don't forget to go out to the back patio and take a ride on the teeter totter!
4	Mega hipster environment with really good food and decent drinks.  It's not the Vegas you'd expect, and it's a refreshing change from the nonsense of the strip.  I'd go back, the decor is amazingly ridiculous!
3	I have been here several times and have never been blown away by the place.  The drink menu is pretty good and diverse, but the food is all around horrible.  Every item is either greasy, painfully dry, or a mixture of awkward flavors.  About the only things I would even consider to recommend is the tater tots or fried pickles, but those items don't really showcase a menu, rather late night drunk food.  It's a typical downtown hipster setting, and the decor is suiting to that theme.  They change up the art work on occasion and I do find the paintings and photos interesting and fun to look at.   The service and staff are very friendly and attentive.  But overall, I wouldn't say this is a place I would recommend, rather if I am invited to go with people, I wouldn't object.
4	Food: I am not a fan of pickles but their deep fried pickles are amazing! I went for lunch and the food is about $10-$15 but portions are pretty big and delicious. First time I went I had the Philly Mac and Cheese steak which was scrumptious. The second time I went I had the chicken bites which weren't as good. The chicken was tough and stringy and the corn flake batter wasn't a good texture. I would still go back  but I would try something else. Atmosphere: Very fun and interesting. They have a lot of artwork and pieces that are a great topic of conversation. It could be thought of as a little creepy. Behind the bar, directly in front of seating is a wall filled with taxidermy birds which really freaked me out since I am scared of birds. Even though, I love their food so I try to look down or at my lunch companions. I also know that there is an outdoor area which I heard was great at night but I haven't made my way back there yet. Indoor seating has about 5-6 tables of 4 on the inside and quite a bit of bar seating. It would be hard for a large party of 8 or more to sit together if you just walked in for lunch time.
5	Went here just to try the Philly Mac & Cheese Steak!!! It wassss amazing!!!! Chicken and waffles were pretty bomb! Our waitress was super nice. We ate at the back patio it's super cute. Our friends told us there's a seesaw way in the back. Lol Definitely on of my new favorite spots.
4	I had the Cajun chicken sandwich with a side caesar salad. This dish usually comes with some sort of vinaigrette house salad but the waitress was able to accommodate me. That was super sweet of her. The meal was delicious and very filling. My friend had the chicken bar bites with a side of the sweet tater tots which I have to order next time because they were amazing.The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because they completely jipped me on my cocktail. I ordered the Pillow Talk. It was wayy too citrusy for my liking but that's besides the point and matter of opinion. OUR DRINKS HAD ZERO ALCOHOL IN THEM. I tried to like this drink, especially since it was 8 bucks, but it did not deliver. Never ordering a drink here again unless it's a beer. I was not happy about paying $8 for juice. Everything else was fantastic.
5	Food was awesome, drink special was nice. Kristin is a sweetheart and an attentive server. The decor and motif is amazing.
5	Fun atmosphere, good music, great beers on draft, and delicious, creative menu. Get the Philly Mac n Cheesesteak Sandwich.
5	Had an amazing experience! Our waiter Sam was extremely helpful in suggesting drinks and different foods to try. It was Taco Tuesday and they were out of this world. Tried fish tacos, mac and cheese balls, chicken bites with sweet potato bites and of course fried pickles. Everything was exceptional! Beer choices were great and the bloody Mary's... Well extremely flavorful. Even tried the pickled egg that came with the bacon infused one. Love the atmosphere and could definitely make this a regular spot if I was a local.
5	Corey, the bartender is the guy to meet. This bar/restaurant is a Unicorn and if your here then lucks on your side. There is a neon sign outside that reads "let's pretend this never happened " the inside has hip music, artwork worth checking out, eclectic decor and a nice enclosed patio in the back. The drinks have clever names like "trophy wife" but most of all, the food is incredible, the bartenders are cool and prices are reasonable. Must try!
5	My favorite place downtown! This place is so much fun and you can't beat taco Tuesday! $1 dos Equis and $2 tacos! Definitely recommend coming here.
5	alright so we decided to give this another shot since our first experience was pretty horrible.. our server was awesome and the food was great! wish i could remember the guys name since he was spot on with everything
4	Our group of 8 visited Park on Fremont.. sat at the outside  copper counter for a Saturday morning Bloody Mary- and specialty cocktailsWe all thought the Bloody Mary's were delicious- as were the cocktails- our servers were very engaging and knowledgeable. .Enjoyed their company as they shared some info on the specialty alcohols they serve.The vibe is awesome..- we are a 'tad" older than the Hipster folks but we could chill very easily here with our  group... we did not try any food on this visit , so we shall have to return soon!
4	Delicious burgers and sweet potato tater tots. Really great drinks too, especially the sangria. Cool back outdoor patio with an awesome seesaw. On the pricey side though which is why only 4 stars.
1	Stood at the "wait to be seated" sign for a few minutes while 2 employees looked up at us on the patio area to look back down and continue to move tables around. Then we were looked at by the bartender and passing waitress to again go unacknowledged. Thanks Park for not knowing how to greet people. We left and spent our money down the street.
4	Discovered this gem during a vintage staycation! Had lunch on the patio, loved the decore! MY food was good. Hubs food was better! Love the sirracha (?) ketchup! And of course the peach sangria. Next time getting the pitcher! Had so much fun on the seesaw! Haven't giggled like that in a while! Going back for brunch in a few weeks.
5	Great place, great beer selection, amazing decor, beautiful patio area, cool looking smoking area.
5	They took exceptional care of us during Life Is Beautiful! Our whole crew was impressed with the happy hour, legit cocktails and decor to boot.  We will beBack!!
5	Need a place to rest from life is beautiful?! Need some wings that will knock your socks off. Then looks no further, this is the join for you. Stop by and grab a table outside to enjoy some people watching, music and great food. The regular buffalo wings are amazing but the bbq wings take things to the next level. 0 to 100 happens real quick here... Drake would love this place!
4	The first time that I went to Park on Fremont was for a CMYE and it was definitely a great one, please see to my separate review if you'd like to know more about that experience with a great group of people.If you are coming in around the evening times, have your ID out and ready because they will check it. I love to sit around back because of the atmosphere and decor to look at. My favorite chair is the epic peacock one. There's even a wall with a somewhat hidden crevice where you can find a teeter totter to play on with friends. The fried pickles. I'm literally always here because of the fried pickles and I don't even like pickles! They're just so damn good. The Mac n Cheese balls are delicious, they have bacon in them, and I don't even like bacon! What is going on here?! The wings should also get a mention as well since they've never failed me. The Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich and San Diego Burger were alright.I love their selection of adult libations here. I've even tried a coffee beer. The service here is great every time!It is definitely a great spot downtown for drinks and chatting with friends whilst having some great bar bites. You will always find something new to look at here!By the way, bathrooms are a bit creepy.
5	Great brunch to start the day off in downtown Vegas! Affordable prices, quality, fresh ingredients, delicious food and wonderful staff.  The soundtrack/music is excellent too! Highly recommend! Don't miss this brunch! Andi, our server, was pleasant, fun, and a great person!
1	If I could give this establishment ZERO stars, I would. This was my third time dining at Park. It is Halloween night, everywhere is busy. My friends and I work at a casino on the strip and we decided we wanted to go have some food and something to drink to celebrate the holiday. We are locals and we can choose to go anywhere in this wonderful city, yet we chose Park. We ordered pretty much one of everything from the appetizer menu and we each had one cocktail. I would say total-we spent cumulatively around $150. The time was about 2:20am when we wrapped up, finished paying, and said our goodbyes at the entrance. I had to use the restroom and so did my roommate, so after hugging our friends goodbye I tried to walk back through the front entrance to use their restroom but I was abruptly stopped by the bouncer-Louie-or at least that was the name he gave us. He informed me that I could not go back inside because they were closing (they close at 3am and it is now 2:25am). At first I thought he was joking, so I smiled at him and continued to take a step forward. He placed his complete body in front of me and screamed in my face "DID YOU NOT HEAR ME? WE ARE CLOSING" I am naturally a pretty calm person so I said, "well, we just had dinner here. Are you going to tell me that a paying customer may not use your restroom facilities?" He then waved his arms in the air and continued to scream like a maniac toward everyone out front of the establishment "OH, YEAH, FINE!! EVERYONE COME ON IN!! WE DON'T WANT TO GO HOME" The manager was standing right there next to him and she did absolutely nothing. Since when is it okay to treat people like this? I literally just ate dinner here and you are not going to let me go pee? While he was having his conniption fit, I walked passed him and headed to the back of the restaurant-which was full of people by the way-and went to the restroom. I turned to see my roommate behind me. Good. So, we went to the bathroom and when we got out I noticed a part of the Park that I had never seen before. As I mentioned earlier, this was my third (and last!) time coming here, however I had never used the restroom and therefore never saw this garden back porch they have. My roommate, having been there more frequently than I, told me about a "see-saw" room as well. We started to walk through the crowd of people in the back of the restaurant to see this "see-saw" room. When we got back there, it was just that. An adult sized see-saw. How fun right? So, I jump on one side and she is on the other and we teetered and tottered a few times and I had almost completely forgotten how rude the security up front was. We then asked another patron to take our photo. Just as he was about to take it the manager (a lady) came back and said to my roommate and I "you two that were (and she used air quotes) just using the bathroom-you have to leave NOW!" And I said, "okay we are about to leave, we just want to take a picture". And she screamed at us as if we were her four year old children, "YOU NEED TO LEAVE NOOOOW!!!!" And again, I said, "we will leave after we take the picture". So she threatened me saying she would call security and I said as calm as ever, "please do". I really just wanted her to walk away so we could take the damn picture. She then threatened us by saying she was going to call Metro. I said, "that would be lovely". I then informed her that my uncle is the chief of police at Metro. All of this harassment from the manager was in a matter of 1-3 minutes. It was still not 3am, which is their "closing time". As we got off the see-saw, Louie was there again staring at us with eyes like daggers. We began our departure from the restaurant and I over heard the manager lady say, "nice name drop..." So, I turned to her and said, "he is the chief of police". And she said, "that's great, I'm sure he would be really proud of you". I said, "of me?!? I'm sure your upper management would be thrilled to know how you treat paying customers." Before I could even finish that sentence she was walking behind the bar area, likely to where her office is. I've never been so appalled in my life. From the security out front not allowing paying customers to use their restroom facilities and then yelling about how he wants to go home, meanwhile the manager is just standing there allowing that type of behavior. I have worked in the hospitality industry for over a decade and no matter how annoying or rude or wrong a customer is, I have never-ever treated another human being that way. Where is your work ethic Park? Why do you treat paying customers like you are doing them a favor by letting them come inside? Park has the most unfriendly and rude staff I have ever encountered. I have never written a Yelp review before but this experience was so appalling that I felt compelled to. People should not treat other people this way! Especially managers! You have an example to set. Shame on you both!
1	A security guard, bald and big guy named Louie (I believe his name was) and a woman manager with brown hair, short with glasses were spiteful to me and my girlfriend. It was Halloween night and me and my coworkers wanted to have a nice night out so we chose to have a quick late meal here paired with drinks. Later they wanted to go home so we said our goodbyes at the front then needed to use the restroom so proceeded to the front doors. I noticed the security guard arguing with my friend who politely mentioned she needed to use the restroom and was a paying customer and he loudly made a scene about how they were closed and mocked her.  All while the manager was standing near, not doing anything. I understand it was getting late and close to closing time but it was around 2:30am mind you, they close at 3am plus there were about 20 something people inside the establishment. Soon after we ended up using restroom and I noticed people at the back courtyard area so I didn't see a big deal to step foot and show my friend the seesaw room really quick. We found a nice guy who was with his group of friends and asked him to take a photo. But was immediately interrupted by the woman manager who seemed to follow us and said we cannot take the photo and demanded us to leave. How spiteful of her to choose to pick on us in front of other guests. The guy holding my camera was flabbergasted at the manager and said "that was really rude," and took the photos of us anyway. I just wanted to show my friend a room she's never seen before and figured it would change her upset mood over the security guard incident. And didn't see the big deal of taking a quick look before we headed out, in addition there were still a lot people! The manager threatened to call metro, we were so polite I didn't feel that was necessary. Not even 3am yet. Both the security guard and manager felt the need to argue with us and make a seen in front of other paying customers. Had they known we are in the hospitality business too, I've also written content about Las Vegas venues and "Things to Do" around Vegas, and my friend was looking into Park for her wedding reception, would they have treated us better? Regardless, you don't treat others this way.
4	It seems like Park on Fremont is the place to be when other places are wall-to-wall filled on days like First Friday or perhaps any other weekend. This is the spot to resort to when you're trying to escape from the loud thumping music or the obnoxious young "I wanna get drunk!" crowd Downtown tends to attract with their newest attractions. (God I sound old when I said that)Park is low-key. You can actually enjoy cocktails (I advise you to try a Bloody Mary) or the usual call drinks and beers while being able to conversate with your friends no matter where you're at. Whether you're in the front lawn people watching or in the back cozying up next to the fireplace or on the see-saw, Park definitely recreates a different setting in comparison to the other bars on Fremont Street. I LOVE AND PREFER IT, especially when you're actually trying to catch up with your friends while being hungry at the same time.And yes, this place offers food! I've had a couple things off their menu and everything is mediocre at it's finest but very good at the moment when you're trying to sober up. I wouldn't ever come here just for the food (in my opinion) but this is the place I'd choose to be Downtown if my friends left it up to me.I'm starting to assume Park is never as crowded as the other places due to the prices but hey, I wouldn't mind spending an extra buck or two keeping my sanity than to fight over a place to stand avoiding my drink to be spilled due to some intoxicated bimbo trying hard to seem sober while navigating to the bathroom every hour. And you know how they say "You are who you surround yourself with"? Well Park is definitely my kind of the socializing in a sophisticated yet fun manner crowd. PS: Four stars for the lack of service since it's not as attentive as a service establishment should be and more of a "let me take your order and dip" without checking back to see if we want another round which steers us to overcrowd the bar instead. I hate to be that person that does that but when your server is close to nonexistent then you're left with no other choice. Sorry.
3	I love the decor and the general ambiance here, and the service was pretty good.   If possible, try to sit on the patio when the weather is nice. I would add a star for that.  I had a hard time finding something that looked good on the menu and decided on a burger.  It was fine, but the fries were disappointing.
5	Always a fun time at the park. Food is really good. They have a great beer selection. Of course everyone says that about every place but I don't know of any other bar that sells Old E tall boys!
5	I've been here quite a few times, and it's consistently good food and drinks. We've been downtown a couple times for Taco Tuesday. I can't get enough of those tacos, seriously! My friend and I recently spent the night bar-hopping, and found the bartenders at Park to be the friendliest around. We were agonizing over which beer to buy, and the bartender gave us tasters and took really good care of us. The patio is cool and fun, especially if you anticipate you'll be spending a while here.
3	I can't comment on the food since I've never had it, but I've been here a handful of times for a drink. This is a great atmosphere, especially when the temps are good to hang out outside. The courtyard like area outside is a perfect spot to go for a chill night out. Also, if you venture a little further outside to the back of the seating area, there's a doorway off the side that leads to a small area with a seesaw. The inside is nice too, but it's definitely a hipster vibe with crazy wallpaper prints and animal heads on the walls. The drink prices are pretty comparable to other places downtown, so expect to spend about $7/beer or $8/cocktail. They do have a "beer and a shot" deal which recently went up from $10 to $12, but still it's a pretty decent deal. They do have some good beers offered for this deal like Dog Fish Head 90 IPA, and it's not just well alcohol. I've only been here at night, so I kind of want to see what it's like here during the day because it seems like a nice place to grab a bite of food or drink in the afternoon.
5	Nick and Danny (Daniel) were uh-mazing!  Super fun and humorous. Loved their company and vibe. Food was fantastic as usual. Chilaquiles and steak melted in my mouth. $20 bottles for brunch. Had a bottle of champagne and topped it with pineapple. Perfect place to relax, dine and smile. Highly recommended!
4	I love this bar! It's got some great taxidermy inside and it's really unique with the decor and pictures they have hanging throughout the location. In the back there's a patio and a see saw! See saws and slightly buzzed people sound like a great idea right?Now on to the food, it's just ok nothing that's phenomenal. The Mac and cheese balls are amazing and so is the fried chicken and waffle sandwich. Also the ketchup has a unique taste, in a good way though. The rest of the food is just sorta meh. But I don't come here for the food. I come for the drinks and atmosphere. They make a mean mojito and my friends rave about the unicorn and the wombat on bath salt. If you're down on Freemont and want to check out a bar that has great drinks and is at a great location try here!
2	I have been to Park several times, and my experience is always similar. First the good stuff. I've never had a bad meal here, and the cocktails are delicious. My favorite cocktail is the Pillow Talk, which is a light and refreshing vodka drink. The food ranges from classic bar food to yummy salads, so no matter what kind of mood you're in, they have something for your tastes. The ambiance is very cool. This place was definitely designed by hipsters--it's quirky and fun. I'm also a huge sucker for a nice, outdoor space, and Park's patio is adorable, although it is very close to a sewer, so you will frequently get whiffs of an unpleasant smell. Ok, now the reason for only two stars. Despite the food, cocktails, and decor, the service is abysmal. I never go here if I need to be quick because I know that unless I'm the only party in the restaurant, I'm not getting out of here in under an hour. The servers are dismissive and nonresponsive, and I still would've given it three stars, but the last time I was there the service was so bad that it's brought me to Yelp. We had a large group, and the first thing that happens when we are seated is our server spills an entire glass of ice water down the back of a member of our party. Instead of apologizing he throws a towel at her and runs away. He never returns to clean up. My friend goes to the bathroom to dry off, and I went to speak with the manager because I just didn't like the way it was handled (no apology, not cleaning up the spill, just handing her a towel and disappearing). The bartenders even told me the waiter ran away and was hiding over it. This should NOT have been this big of a deal. So I spoke with the manager, and everything was fine, and she came over to our table when my friend returned and offered to comp my friend's meal and the party's first round of drinks. She also had a conversation with my friend separately where she stated this. However, when the bill came, she decided what was "fair" would be to only comp my friend's meal "because she was the only one that had water spilled on her." She then claimed she never told us she would comp a round of drinks for the table despite 5 of us hearing her say it. Additionally, despite the immediate error, the service did not improve. We never saw our waiter after he brought our food.Again, none of this would have been this big of a deal had he just apologized and helped clean up, if the manager had not stated she would comp drinks for us and then change her mind, and if we had just gotten some acknowledgment during our meal. I hate being a pain in the ass, but the way they handled themselves made me upset.
5	I left Vegas before all the renovations happened downtown. This place made me squeal in delight. The staff was fun and knowledgable. Corey was so helpful and friendly! It's such a trip in Vegas and having such awesome staff... on a weeknight... on the strip(ish). Fully pleased. Awesome selection. Couldn't be more excited about this bar!
2	The location on east Fremont and the wacky decor is reason enough to visit. The food, on the other hand, is another story. The French toast ($10) lacked a good sear and was soggy -- unable to hold up to the custard it was soaked in. Topped with mixed berries, it was an unspectacular dish. Even worse was the fried chicken and waffle sandwich ($11). A thick, oily breading coated strips of breast meat and were sandwiched between soggy waffles. The best of the items we tried were the mac n cheese balls ($8). Five per order and coated in a light layer of panko breadcrumbs, the mac n cheese inside wasn't half bad when compared to the other dishes. The almost-garish decor makes for a good conversation starter and photos. Who doesn't want to see a classically painted portrait of a horse mounting another horse? Park on Fremont might even be a good place to grab some drinks, but you should make sure you grab a bite to eat elsewhere.
5	I love this place so much I'm not really sure what to say. Cool drinks, awesome food- the ketchup is amazing. The back patio is quaint and has twinkle lights which I LUUUUUHVE, and was the quintessential place to listen to some music in the summer but now I can imagine it gets quite cold. See-saw in the back!
1	The food and service have been pretty good on my first 2 visits here. I was sorely disappointed last night. If you want abuse and poor service this is your place. After we were seated by the hostess  for about 5 minutes another person came and politely told us that the table had been reserved for a large party and that we could sit outside or squeeze in at the bar. I ordered Mac Balls and Fish Tacos at the bar.  A server came out fast with two plates including Garbage Fries. I let him know that it must have been someone else's order. That's when the fight started. The bartender told me "you ordered Mac and Cheese Balls and Garbage Fries". When I let him know what I truly ordered he replied with "no.  You said ......"  He was visibly agitated. I stopped talking.  After some hemming and hawing the bartender said something like " I guess I can put in a new order for Fish Tacos". I asked him not to bother. I paid for the Mac and cheese and left. For good. The customer is not always right but this bartender won the argument and lost the customer. This restaurant must have all the business that they need to fire customers like this. Happy holidays.
5	I threw a graduation party here, Tuesday night, for my UNLV Graduate daughter! Everything was perfect. From the arrangements, to the setting, to the servers, to the food and yummy drinks.. It really could not have gone more smoothly.This is ABSOLUTELY a perfect place to hold an event.
4	Was here on Sun/21 Dec about 11 pm:- The bartender at Commonwealth recommended this place for it's good eats and being a sister property to Commonwealth.- Had the Phillly Cheese & Mac sandwich and instead of fries got a side salad.  The sandwich was huge & delicious.  The side salad was an excellent mix of greens (not just iceberg) and other veggies.- They have Tito's vodka so had a double of that.- Will definitely be back.
5	I love Park on Fremont, and I find it hard to believe it never once was mentioned here.
4	At the entrance of the thriving Fremont East District I have frequented this spot either fucked up, sober, or hungover.Out of all the times I've been here I have eaten:Fried Egg Burger - Decent burgerFried Pickles - Good and excellentGarbage Fries - Decent but didn't really fuck with the cheese they used as it seemed like at the time they were using either nacho cheese or american....Fried Chicken & Waffle Sandwich - Classic concept and executed wellSteak Salad - Excellent saladOverall the food is good and the drinks are great. Suggest going and checking this place out. Dope spot and make sure to check out the back courtyard for the secret but not-so-secret anymore area.
4	My wife and I tried this on the recommendation of a friend who thought we'd love the decor. They were right. The playful and eclectic decor provides a fun environment in which to enjoy some slightly upscale and/or creative bar food. The happy hour deals are great. Many of the appetizers are $5 during happy hour and are still full portions and many of the draft beers are $5 as well which includes a very decent selection of quality craft brews. We tried:Fried Pickles - Very good, crispy, well-seasoned and served with a very flavorful sauce for dipping. Garbage Fries - I'm not usually a fan of smothered fries. I like my fries crispy and salty, that's it. But these were great. They still managed to maintain their crispiness and the cheese and toppings were actually very flavorful and delicious. Mac and Cheese Balls - Our server said this was her favorite but we weren't bowled over by it. Ultimately we just thought they were bland. Chicken Bar Bites - Basically boneless wings served with 3 sauces and french fries. Not bad, but not great. Their fries are excellent though. We had one slightly odd complaint. The restaurant smelled like fish, and not in a good way. My wife and I could both smell it, and I have a pretty lousy sense of smell. We asked the person at the table next to us and they could smell it too. Our sever suggested that it may be the sewer lines on Fremont (the entire front of the restaurant is open to the outside) but we didn't smell anything outside, just inside. We will definitely give this place another try (there are other items on the menu that I want to try out) and when we do, if the smell is gone I will update my review to remove any mention of it.
