3	I qualify this review on the basis that the only time one needs to be at a mortuary is to make arrangements for a loved one.  My father had passed at the end of the month and I went to Las Vegas immediately since I was the closest of the out of town family.  Palm Mortuary was recommended highly and I was with my brother and mother to make the preparations.First and foremost, we were assisted by one of my father's brother in arms, a Knight of Columbus member (this is a Catholic group that assists with Church activities).  I commend him for his guidance and his help to make the process easier.  The conversation with one of the directors went smoothly enough.  You know that you get the usual condolences and discussion of the process.  We had not gotten to look at the costs beforehand but were thinking, this is the process and we will  be told what and when and how much.  All of this went smoothly within the context of costs for the service and extras that might cost accordingly.  Besides the standard items, caskets, urns and memorial items for the service, the basic cost of the service, and of course the visitation room and chapel.  Our director mentioned that most Pilipinos like bringing food for the visitation and that since the funeral home has a chapel, the casket will be in that room from 1-7 and for another $1000 dollars for a separate room where one can host (meet) with family with food and drink.  it is not normally custom to have food and drink in the area.  Based on the cost and of course knowing my family, I knew we would not be interested in the extra room.  Grief can be done in the chapel along with my father's body in the casket.  We decided to forgo this decision until we discussed it with the rest of my family along with my mother who is in not in the mood to discuss such subjects in front of others.After making some decisions, we informed Palm of our decision to forgo the extra room and was happy to have my father in the chapel for the visitation for the entire period 1-7.  We informed the mortuary within 2 days so that the room that was reserved can be used by others if any since this is still is a business.  But here is where everything became an exercise in the fine print.  As I mentioned before, we discussed the chapel for 1-7 and an extra room for $1000.  We dropped the extra room so we assumed the chapel would be our only room from 1-7.  Fine print, the chapel will only be used for 1 hour for any type of service.   This was not mentioned verbally and this  was what got my brother and my craw.  After conversations with both the director and the manager of the director, we were told that we would have the visitation room from 1-4 and the chapel from 4-7 for any service(the Knights of Columbus does a prayer service).  This was really not the experience we were seeking.  So the warning for others, make sure you have the details and everything in front of you before you make a decision.  We were not price shopping for a funeral home, we wanted the best service with no hassle.  I am afraid we didn't get it at Palm.Everything else went smoothly from the visitation the transfer from visitation to chapel, the service at the chapel.  Although I would like to say that the whole event ended on a good note, I can say that as soon as the mass service (the next day)  was over and my father's casket was taken away. I felt a little bit exhausted.  When the flowers needed at the church needed to be taken care of, Palm was so quick out of the box that I was not able to ask them to take them away (no one wanted it).Positives, the service went smoothly. Negatives, fine print does no favors for the grieving. Positive you can purchase things outside of the funeral home, casket at Costco, flowers from known floral shops, memorials online and other places. Negatives, if you are grieving and have no time to do all of the work to look for these items, you will be gouged with prices at the funeral home.  It is a business after all.I know you might never use this place but if you do, just make sure that you have someone who can be calm and collected to help you through.Thanks Don!
4	Had to go to a viewing of one of the members that go to my church. He was also one of my bowling buddies the last couple of years. With that said, I was pleasantly surprised about my experience.As soon as I pulled in to the driveway, I noticed lots of flowers at all the grave sites. I dont know if the actual company had done this or actual friends and family showed up all at the same time to pay their respects, but it did look rather nice. Once we made it into the parking lot, there were plenty of spaces for you to park. So if you have a big family and have lots of friends, you should have enough spots. To the right of the building there is bench overlooking a majestic rather large lake-like fountain. In the distance you can see more burial sights. I thought it looked nice and very serene.As we entered the building, we went straight to the viewing area. Lots of pews and every row had a box of tissue. Very thoughtful. The room itself was very spacious, clean, and was filled with the aroma of the beautiful flowers that surrounded the casket of my friend.Overall, I would recommend this place knowing that death is never an easy subject to deal with.
4	I had to come here to make arrangements for my father, who have passed.. RIP to Vicente A.  You will be missed dad!So thankfully the family have made arrangements for my father's funeral. I know in Filipino culture, it is taboo to do such a thing, but i told my family we needed to do this otherwise we will be paying a fortune when my parents pass. Luckily,  we made the arrangements and my father passed.. The staff at palm , are very friendly, they will take good care of you. The sales consultant who drew up my parents plan was very nice and informative as well, and went into the details of what goes on after someone passes, for funeral arrangements. I must warn you make sure you read the fine print and understand everything, there maybe extra fees for things you want done, such as $400 just to view your love ones, before they enter the cremation chamber.Overall, I had a great experience with them, just surprised me how much funeral arrangements and burials cost.
5	I have unfortunaltly had to bury 2 childern 1 in 2006 and 1 in 2011.  Both times palms was very helpful in making sure arrangments went smoothly.  I'm not sure if they still do this but because both were under 3 we were not charged for the plot and their basic head stones were also free. We upgraded the head stones so the difference in cost is what we had to pay out of pocket. We visit regularly and the grounds are aways kept.
2	My grandparents are located in the glass front columbarium at Palm.  My mother recently visited them and discovered that my grandmother's wedding band was missing from the niche. When she brought the theft to the attention of the staff, she was handed a brochure which explained that Palm is not responsible for damage or theft to the niches. The same staff member had the audacity to say to my heartbroken and obviously upset mother, "How do we even know there was ever a wedding ring in there?"  My mother was most certainly not looking for compensation for my grandmother's simple gold wedding band, but she did expect the same level of sympathy and compassion she was shown when my grandparent's first passed away.  If you are considering a glass front niche, I would reconsider. Even though a heinous act of robbing the dead was brought to Palm's attention, nothing has been done to reassure the families of loved ones housed in the niches that this will not happen again.  The lock to the columbarium has not been changed, there is no video surveillance, no investigation was ever conducted nor were the family members of the other niches notified so they could take inventory and determine if they too had been the victim of theft.
1	This place is terrible. The facilities are nice, and so is the staff. However, I called in and asked about pricing they quoted me 695 to use the facilities for a Saturday afternoon. When we arrived the person reviewed all of the arrangement with us. When we asked what the total was coming up to he quoted us 1695!!!! This was a thousand dollar up charge from the price quoted. Unbelievable! We wasted two hours of the very little time we had to plan this funeral, with a place that lied about pricing to get us in the door. Very upsetting especially for a family who has very little time to plan a service to morn their mother.
