5	If you have never been, this is the coolest thing EVER! Every Sunday, starting about noon, many gather at the base of Mt Royal, (Mt Royal Park, Rue Sherbrooke) to drum, dance, and unify as one. From May to September drummers, and dancers of all ages, genders, cultural backgrounds all come to drum and dance. At the STATUE. I have seen hippies and gay leather guys, elderly woman, a handicapped child in a wheelchair with his father, they all drum to the beat which changes to a leader with a WHISTLE which goes fast to slow INTENSE to faint.Vendors come to sell incense and wares of pottery and jewelry or tie dye tee-shirts. Local people come with their DOGS to play frisbee or DANCE to the BEAT. Tourists come curious as to what this drumming is all about? Some take photos and smile in amazement and hope that they can take some of this wonderful community energy back to their home. This is all FREE and FUN to all who visit Montreal please COME and check out this cool and special event as local flavor like this is hard to find ANYWHERE else.It is BOYD (Bring your own drum).
3	Very colorful, especially if you want to smoke weed surrounded by a bunch of weirdos playing African drums...other than that it is rather boring
3	I expected something bigger.  Even so, it was a good time looking though all the vendors and listening to the drumming and watching the dancing.  Really, I could have done with just the vendors...Unfortunately, I thought that there was more cash in my wallet =(  With only $15, I had to choose my purchase carefully.  There was homemade jewelry including these very lovely wooden rings, bracelets, and necklaces, and plenty of clothes.  Many of the clothes had been imported from India but there were some that had been made by the vendor and I saw more than one dress that I would have liked to have had.  The prices were reasonable but with my limited cash reserve I had to show restraint!I decided to buy something for a gift rather than for myself and I think I got a deal at $15 but I won't put what I got here in case the recipient reads this review =)I've looked at many of the pictures that others have posted and I just wonder why there weren't more people there the Sunday I went... Was it too hot?  World Cup final in a few hours?  I don't know.  But there probably weren't more than 20 drummers and many 50 people watching.
5	Tam Tams is my favorite thing to do on a Sunday afternoon. At the bottom of Mont Royal there are vendors everywhere selling jewelry, art, clothing and pipes for good prices. In the middle of the mountain are tam tam circles, dancing and people carrying on. There are also pockets of the mountain where people throw around frisbees, play hacky-sack, nap, smoke weed and drink.It's a mix of people- families, friends, students, D&D nerds, stoners, people with their hookahs and hippies but everyone seems to mesh pretty well. It's like everyone goes there with the intention of having a good time so people are friendly and inviting.And at the top of the mountain are people playing soccer and D&D nerds engaging in combat- love it!I love to throw down a blanket, eat and drink then take a nap. It's such a great time.
5	Super fun every time! I love sitting back and people watching and there are plenty of people to watch! It's a very 420 friendly gathering.
5	What a great time here! Lots of talented people just banging on the drums. No practice just join in and go with the flow. The tam tam is located in a fun park that has hiking, biking and other types of shows.
3	Check with the locals for the location, the map is wrong.  The 'Tam Tam' is located at the base of 'Mount Royal'. I got upset at my wife becoz of the incorrect info.  It's worth seeing, we caught the bus to st viateur's fairmont bagel after. Excellent bagels, especially when they're hot.
5	Bring a blanket, a bottle of wine, and just enjoy. I usually get antsy just sitting in a park, but maybe it's consistent hum of drums in the background and the second hand smell of pot, but this is one of the few parks I can really just sit and relax. Go on Sunday, and I recommend sitting on the northern part of the park where it is a little less busy and more shaded. A fun Montreal experience! Fun to watch a variety of people, ranging from 18 year old McGiill students to bohemian couples smoking a dube while they watch their child doing cartwheels.
5	I try to bike up the mountain as much as possible and everytime i do it it's a challenge, a challenge i never ever backdown from. Enjoy!!
5	A gathering of a group of strangers to improv music, celebrate and just have fun - this is what Tam Tam is. If you have a free Sunday summer morning in Montreal, stroll by the famous Parc du Mont Royal and follow the sound of enthusiastic drumming, and you'll find a circle of people around the Monument to Sir George-Etienne Cartier, holding their own preference of drums, who come together to display their passion for music while encouraging others to dance. All of their beats are improvised and started by one of two musicians, while the others follow suite. The spirit and vibrate character of Montreal artisans in its full force.
5	Haha I was really hoping I could review tams and I can - best day ever! For reals though, look at these five stars splattered across this page - everyone loves it!! It is eclectic and crazy - to find your friends you have to say things like, "I am next to the third slack line... no no, closer to the LARPers... yeah, by the guy with the swing in the big tree!" This is why tam tams is so awesome - it brings out the eccentric in everyone all in the middle of the city to the beat of drums all day long (believe me, all day, as I live close by and those drums will go til midnight on sundays!). Go there, bring some smoked salmon, bagels and cream cheese and have a picnic. And bring alcohol, because your in Quebec and you can!!
5	On Sunday morning we went and got Montreal bagels and then walked to this park...it's a bit of a hike, but the weather was nice...to see the tam-tams!My sister had really hyped the tam-tams to me, so I went in a bit skeptical....but she was right! I can't really explain why this was so fantastic, especially because really it's a bit ridiculous. This is a big park and I don't know it well enough to direct people to where exactly you need to go, but by the large monument (the one featured on the picture for this attraction), you will find a group of drummers that set up here every Sunday. Depending on the day, there may be more, or less. Apparently the group can get pretty huge, but either way, they all gather around in a sort of circle...and drum! The environment is very "come-as-you-are" (read: hippy), but it's such a laid back and accepting atmosphere. The drummers just sort of jam together, playing all sorts of different types of drums and bongos. People go and dance in the middle...kids go and pound on the drums...lots of people get high! Even not high, this is a pretty fun thing to watch. It's mesmerizing somehow. Again, I can't explain what made this so great. We just sat back in the beautiful weather, snacked on our bagels and watched the craziness unfold around us. It was so unique and so weird....but so musical...it was just cool to be a part of it!
5	Oh, it's silly. Honestly the drums aren't even half of it, although it's fun to listen to. There's a certain democratic spirit that allows the weaker timekeepers to meld together with the better ones; the groove never stays in place for more than 30 seconds at a time, and it doesn't matter. Shout-out to the arts & crafts hustlers, the ice cream guys, and especially the... shall we say, "ruthlessly cold-calling" weed dealers. Bring beers and maybe a bag of chips or something and sit back to enjoy the ride, whatever--you've earned it. Come with friends. It's quite a scene.
5	Tam Tams is hands down one of my favorite Montreal "community" events...Every Sunday during the summer, hundreds of Montrealers gather to sit on the mountain while taking in the sun, picnicking, throwing a frisbee/football around, or just people watch. It is one of the most entertaining things to do on a lazy Sunday..And what makes it even better is the awesome drum circle that makes you want to dance your face off in the warm sunshine. There's really no way one can regret checking it out.. Just beware, if you have kids, that there's usually lots and lots of marijuana in the air on these days. People keep to themselves about it and no one makes a fuss, but if you have kids, I'd understand not wanting to bring them around! Otherwise, awesome vibe and definitely a good excuse to get your dose of Vitamin D! :p
