5	Location - This City Barbers is conveniently located in Uptown in the Ivey's Building.  This is the building with Verona Cafe, Bojangles, Just Fresh, China Queen, and a few others.  Perfect place for those who work Uptown to get a haircut during their lunch break.  It is located on the 2nd floor, above Just Fresh, and you can see the sign from the street level at the corner of 5th and Tryon St.Layout - Big, open area with 4 barber chairs.  The chairs are big and comfortable and each station has its own mini-flat screen TV for you viewing pleasure.  It is a traditional barber shop with a revamped look and the same great service and conversation you have come to expect.Staff - City Barbers is owned and operated by two fantastic guys who are very welcoming and darn good at what they do.  They both have been in the hair cutting business for years, and recently celebrated the 2nd anniversary of the opening of City Barbers at Uptown.  They also have a female float staff is very knowledgeable about cutting all different styles of Men's hair.  You will actually make friends with the staff, as they are all very cool people.Price - The price of your standard hair cut is $18.  I say this price is pretty average, and I can assure you that you will get an above average hair cut.  This is not your typical Great Clips or Hair Cuttery.  If you want to pay that price, do yourself a favor and buy a Flow-bee and cut your own hair at home.Overall - I have lived in Charlotte for 2 years, and I won't even go to another barber shop I like the job they do that much.  Stop by when you get a chance and check the place out, I promise you'll always come back.
5	Awesome location if you live Uptown. Friendly knowledgeable staff. Cheap prices for haircuts, $18. Old school neck shave with a straight edge included. Check it out.
5	This is the best barber shop in Charlotte IMO.  I always get complimented for my hair ever since I went to this place.  They are very professional and they do it for very reasonable price.  Been to both this and the Highland Creek location.  I've had every barber here cut my hair and all of them are excellent.
5	Great cut, topped off with the old fashioned neck shave, for a great price.  Hair cuts are $18, buzz cuts are $12.  If you have a repoire with the barbers and tip well, they will usually give you the $12 price no matter what cut you get.  I always hated going to Great Clips/Sport Clips/(insert generic hair cutting franchise here)...they could never get my neck line clean with the trimmers, and they don't even offer razor shaves, even if you ask nicely.  That being said, I don't think I'd trust the middle schoolers Great Clips employs with a razor that close to my jugular. Other perks...Maxim, FHM, and sports and business periodicals line the chairs for your enjoyment while you wait.  Also, a fully stocked fridge with beer and waters, which are complimentary with a haircut.  A true, old school, man's lair type of barber shop.
5	Yep, it lives up to the hype.  Cheap, friendly, great comfortable place to get your hair taken care of.  Yeah, that much I expected from the reviews. But more so, these guys really know what they are doing. I was in charlotte for a friend's wedding and came in to get my hair taken care of before the big event. Basically, no one ever says anything about my hair because its not exactly the most original style.  But all night, people kept commenting.  I don't think they even did anything crazy unique during the cut, it was just a high quality job with a lot of attention to detail that paid off.  So, basically, you should stop by even if you don't really need a haircut but find yourself in town.
5	What a great find! For over two years I was putting up with so-so haircuts at a crummy strip mall joint with flakey beauticians and horrible pop music.For just a few bucks more, I now enjoy a great atmosphere with talented barbers in a really convenient Uptown location. And now I know what a good haircut is actually like. Before I tipped because I'm a decent person. Here I tip because they do a great job, and I always leave happy.
5	Update to my previous review/nonreview.  I am still not sure if they are open Saturdays or not, they weren't open the first time I tried to go on a Saturday and haven't changed their website so who knows.  But based on the strong reviews here I gave it another try on a weekday.  Great, simple, old school barbershop, they have everything you need and nothing that you don't.  Love the feel to this place and the two barbers working when I went clearly were good at what they did and took pride in their work.  Great cut, fair price and super easy for those who frequent uptown.  I have been to a bunch of places for a haircut around charlotte over they years but I think I have finally found my place.  Highly recommend it.
5	After taking a ride on the trolley from CPCC, I realized my hair resembled the singing homeless man's. Trusting my fellow Yelpers, I set out toward City Barbers with my girlfriend in tow. We had a bit of a snag when searching around the BOA building for the shop, but a quick call informed us that it was down the hall next to Caribou Coffee.Four barbers were on duty when we walked in, and Heather Johnson was ready to take care of me immediately. Even though I set her up for failure with vague, wishy-washy instructions, Heather was up to the task. Not only was I happy with my haircut, but my girlfriend was too (And really, it's February 13th, what else really matters?)!P.S. Student price is $15. Woot!
5	Great place for a guy to get a good hair cut if you work uptown.  Some of the barbers here are actually sorcerers.  I kid you not!  They cut your hair with lightning speed and do a good job.  This one tall guy is like Edward Scissorhands.  I was in and out in 10 minutes.  And I dig the neck shave at the end.  There's nothing worse than getting a hair cut and then realizing after you shower that the neck hair is still out of control.You should probably know a thing or two about hair cuts before you go.  For example, if they ask you if you want a #2 cut, don't try to be cool and say "uh, yeah" without knowing what that means.  Because then you end up walking out with a buzz cut, like I did once.  My boss asked if I had enlisted in the military over my lunch break (so go with a #3 if you still want some hair afterwards).
5	GREAT cut!!  I wish I lived here to be able to come here as a regular. Was only here for the week for work and was a nice find. Perfect neckline..thanks Russ.
5	I work for Bank of America, and having this in Founders Hall is an absolute WIN!My first haircut in Charlotte was expensive and just OK. My second and third were at City Barbers. They're 2/2 on my hair. They pay really close attention to detail, which is a real surprise for a $20 haircut
5	I go here every couple of weeks, and love the job that Robert does.  My noggin is pretty jacked up, and he some how makes it look a little less goofy.  I almost never have to wait for too long, and there are always other barbers there, I just like to keep it loyal.  They also do the shave on the neck, which is a must for me, so that seals the deal. It's about $20 a cut, which is a little higher then some places, but worth it here. Also, they do mid-cut touch ups if you need it, which is a nice touch.
5	Great location. Really good attention to detail. In and out quickly. $20 for a haircut.Why not?
5	They work fast, do great work, and no bs small talk.
5	I was in downtown Charlotte and was walking around in search of a place to get a haircut and I ended up finding this City Barbers location on my phone and decided to go there.I was very impressed with the service,I felt I got an excellent haircut with great attention to detail and felt good coming out of there.The cost of a haircut for a male was 21 dollars which is the most expensive haircut I have ever received but I was more than happy to pay it as the service was excellent.I will return here next time my hair needs a cut for sure.Highly recommend!
5	I am new to town and looking for a new place for a cut. I found my regular spot at city Barber! The place is clean and set up like an old school barber shop. Everyone in there was nice and I was in a chair within 10 mins of getting there on a Friday at 4. Dustin cut my hair and was quick and detail oriented. Ill be back every month and recommend it to any guy.
4	Great hair cut. Discount for students with ID. Parking is rough if you have to drive down. Accepts credit card but only accept cash tips.
5	The shop is located in one of the hallways off of Founders Hall. When I came through it was an extremely busy time period but they were able to fit me in. You can call ahead to setup an appointment but I wasn't able to do that.This is the place you need to go to if you want a professional looking hair cut. This is a high profile area. Some of the clients are well healed and expect to look great every single time.I highly recommend it.
5	Really down to earth guys...friendly environment and a good cut.  I'm new to Charlotte and needed to find a good place Uptown - this is my new go-to.  Jaime cut my hair, and kept the shop open for me since I called in to tell him I was going to be showing up.Highly recommend you check this place out!
5	Boo yah!  That's right, BOO YAH!  Haven't heard that one in a while, huh.  Well, I happen to bust out the BYahs only when a gem like this comes along.  Russ Gibson has a prime spot in the BofA Plaza and he knows how to take care of everyone.  His stafff is professional and courteous and doesnt rush anyone once they are in the chair.  They just simply know what they are doing and you can be in and out in no time.  Definitely worth the $20.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
5	Good hair cut. Good guys working there. Reasonably priced. Nothing else to say. Simple as that.
5	Great Barbershop with great guys! Love that they give a discount to our policemen and firefighters.
1	One of the worst customer serice based places I have ever seen... Facebook page says they are open till 7:30... Door says 7 I showed up at 634 the door was closed and locked ... Waited for 15 minutes then man opens the door and says we are closed after he watched me wait out side... I told him the sign said 7 and he said we close at 640 .. Told him he lost a customer his response "not to worry we have a lot more" I would not want my employees to act like this
5	I found this place through Yelp and the reviews are spot on. After going through pretty much every barber who works here, I've concluded that it's impossible to get a bad haircut at City Barbers. Most of their clients seem to be men with shorter hair, so I can't speak to their skill with long doos, but I'd say give it a try.
