4	I've been coming to Horwitz for a few years now and I love it! The staff is always helpful, Dr. Horwitz is great and the location is very convenient. They've always answered any insurance questions I've had, helped find the best contacts for me and I always get free solution and lense cleaner. The only "complaint" I have is not really a complaint, just that they're usually really busy. I tend to be placed on hold when I call and have to wait to pick up my contacts. I guess that just means they're a great vision center and should consider expanding!
5	Great service and a great selection of frames.  I used to always go to Eye Masters but I wanted to see what Oakley and Ray Ban offered which Eye Masters doesn't carry.  At Horwitz Vision Center they even seem to have a better selection of frames that Eye Masters does carry such as Nike.  The staff seems very knowledgable and is always helpful.  I was very happy with the prices (with my insurance) and selection as well as the quality of follow up service since my purchase.
5	I love my eye doctor!  Platonically, of course.  The entire staff is relaxed, friendly, easy going, and personable.  No one ever makes you feel rushed but instead take time to make sure that everything is okay, that you've thought of everything, gotten all of your questions answered, and had plenty of time to make decisions and think.  The doctor takes time to get to know you and to talk about how you use your eyes (staring at the computer, sports, etc).  The assistants try to think of things from your point of view so they can volunteer useful information and ask a lot of specific questions while doing so.  This place treats you like family.  There's a broad range of styles, but mostly, they're fashionable frames.  When I go in, I see a lot of kids, young adults, and 20 and 30-somethings as well as the older patients who so often come to need glasses.  Horwitz costs a little more than the mall chains, but my prescriptions have been consistently better thanks to the doctor taking time, the lenses are much higher quality, and the frames are worlds better in terms of availability of things that aren't ugly and durability.
4	I had an emergency and needed to see an eye doctor as soon as I could. Luckily when I called they were able to fit me in the same day. The Dr saw me as soon as I got there and listened to my concern regarding my previous prescription(from a different place) and took the time to make sure I had the right prescription. They had my contacts ready in no time, I went to pick them up and was happy with their service. Only issue is the place is small and kind of cluttered in the back are.
5	Horwitz Vision Center has been my eye doctor for over 8 years now since I moved to Phoenix. I only wear contacts and they are experts in making sure you wear the best contacts. I have been wearing the same brand for 5 years now as they recommended the best contacts for my eyes. If you need an exam, be prepared to book an appointment in a week or so as they are busy. A busy vision center means it has to be one of the best vision centers in the valley. They have always given me a great experience and I intend to keep them as my eye doctor for many years to come!
5	DR. HORWITZ IS GREAT! I figured the people reading this review need glasses or contacts (which Dr. Horwitz can provide) so I wanted them to be able to see the first line. I move to The east valley from Colorado, where I had a great eye doctor, and this Doc far exceeded my expectations. I was in and out quickly, and Dr. Horwitz was very friendly. A+
