5	Carol the owner will bend over backwards for you as a client, new or old. The owner makes the place amazing her really kind heart and wonderful aura, she ALWAYS finds a way to give you a great experience, she cares about her clients lipke old friends!! She will give u what you what when you want, she will accommodate the clients at any cost.  In 5 years going here I have nothing but praise!!!! And I really do not think she's money hungry, too many times things happened to prove different!! She's there to be with people!!   I've done many many massages, everyone of them is great! How can it be? Well it is!   Her facial girls, pedicurists-one in particular but I'm too smart to give her name, she's already crazy busy. :-) The staff are a lllllll amazing, nice, fun people. Great feeling inside the spa.  Very peaceful. EVERY SINGLE TREATMENT I HAVE HAD THERE HAS BEEN AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!!!  Hard to or no, impossible to say this of anywhere else!!  I've NEVER been to a better spa! Oh, the owner takes care of your 2 hour meter on the street and she pays for it!!!!  She has had to call for delivery for my lunch a few times, she wouldn't take the money.  I can't even think of anything that ever happened that I didn't like...I can't!!   Run there the next time you need anything done as they have an extensive menu!!  Even teeth whitening wish is cheaper than the dentists' and that is great too!!!
4	I agree with the last review, Carol is super sweet, and she has always been there to greet me. I have been there a few times, and I always feel quite pampered.The interior is very welcoming and private. Their estheticians are very knowledgeable and the product lines they use are top notch. Anyone looking for a local day spa should definitely come and check this place out. Not only do they do esthetics they also have a hair salon too.
3	It is a lovely spa with attractive decor, and they offer a great range of services. I loved the spa manicure I got, but I was disappointed with the facial. While the aesthetician was gentle and did a fairly thorough job with the extractions, there was no steaming beforehand. Also, she left the room for 15 minutes while the facial mask was on. In my previous experiences at other spas, when a mask is placed on the face, the aesthetician gives a neck/shoulder massage or a hand massage until it is time for the mask to be removed. Considering the high price of a facial at this spa, I expect the aesthetician to stay to work on me the entire session. I would go back to the spa for a pedicure but not for a facial.
5	Spa St-James is by far my favourite spa in Montreal. I've been here several times, and am never disappointed. The staff is lovely and are always very kind and accommodating.This last time I went, I arrived just on time, and was warmly welcomed by having my coat taken and offered tea while I waited. It took a little longer than usual because I room was being setup, but no inconvenience really. I had a 90-minute massage with Tamberley; very sweet and accommodating. I had mentioned to concentrate on my upper back as I sit in an office chair all day so I have tension in that area. She applied the right amount of pressure and I left feeling relaxed and refreshed. I hands-down recommend this place to anyone needing some TLC. Prices are decent, especially for downtown Montreal. They also offer tax receipts. Can't wait to go back!
2	I purchased a couple's massage deal for Spa St James on living social on a whim and was looking forward to a relaxing afternoon massage with my bf. The Spa is very well located,  the receptionists downstairs were lovely and the waiting area upstairs had a pot of tea ready...it looked promising. The couples massage room was small and the carpet had seen better days - there was no separate area to undress, no fluffy robes...My bf's massage therapist was Kim, by all accounts she was sweet and gave a great soothing massage....we barely heard her in the room. My massage therapist was Fillippo - he clearly didn't get the memo that it was supposed to be a soothing couple's massage and that he wasn't the only person in the room - he kept talking and gave me some sort of sport massage which involved twisting me into various odd positions...I'm sure it was great for my muscles but it wasn't very relaxing. My bf kept worrying that I was getting hurt as I'd whimper and be told to breathe through the pain...After the massage there was no area to decompress - we barely had time to dress when there was a knock at door and we were told that the room needed to be readied for the next clients. We were led to one bathroom to freshen up (with 2 other girls waiting) and told we could sit and relax in a narrow hallway with 2 hard backed chairs and one carafe of water. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the experience.
5	The salon was extremely facilitating as i had to reschedule a couple of times. Lovely relaxing atmosphere. I had a deep tissue massage (unfortunately didn't get his name) and it was one of the best massages Ive had. He concentrated on my problem areas and was v knowledgable and insightful. Will def go back
5	I came today, December 19th, 2013.  I must admit this spa was exceptional.  Everyone was truly accommodating.  I was feeling a little frisky waiting because I only wore a short sleeve shirt so i asked the receptionist if perhaps i could wear my jacket.  A gentleman came along and offered me a robe, he ensured that my stay was accommodating and he was very friendly and welcoming.  I came for 3 different treatments, the massage by Amy was amazing.  It was very soothing and she worked extensively on  my back because it was very tense.  Additionally, Maria did my facial.  She was extremely welcoming and the facial was the best facial i ever had! She popped all my blackheads and made my skin feel silky smooth.  As soon as the facial was over, i couldn't help but recommend her to a few friends.  She made me feel very relaxed and she was such a sweetheart.  What a wonderful job! I will recommend this spa to everyone i know because i had such a great experience and I'll be back here before you know it !
2	I am yet to try the massage at Spa st. James But I have been there over five times for facial, eyebrow threadings and manicures/ pedicuresUpon arrival you will be ushered to go two stories up after taking off your shoes ( you have a chair to sit on which is a big plus for places in montreal) and given flimsy slippers that you will find hard to keep them on while going up the stairs ( better take them off) The waiting area is cool with the brick walls, magazines and the lemon water on offer however the biggest disappointment is the quality of the treatments that are on offer. I have tried the manicures several times in there trying to find the best manicurist but none of the therapists are great The Russian therapist can hardly smile and thinks you can't ask her to shape your nails they way you prefer (she knows better than you think) and she is not open for any suggestions!!! The other two will keep you busy with their sweet talks about their boyfriends and life events to distract you from the bad job they are doing The facial which is done by a lady who does the manicure and the bikini wax ( which I think is gross) is average The only thing I really find it good is the eyebrows threading done by a Turkish therapist who only works two, three times a week and it is hard to get a convenient appointment we her most of the time Price wise it is very expensive and treatments are not good ( I am a trained professional myself so I can tell when things are done properly)
5	It all began with my search for the perfect deep tissue real therapeutic massage. after many attempts at several spas, I stopped searching after finding not just 1 but 2 incrediblely talented masseuses.After the spa gained my trust i decided to try a facial to only discover, i had never really endured what a facial ought to feel like until I began having them at Spa Saint James regularly.They do a beautiful mani and pedi as well and everyone is super nice, friendly and helpful. I have yet to find any spa that comes close in resemblance to this one. Thank you Spa St. James!
4	This spa looks great from the outside. I treated my partner to a manicure and pedicure, along with a couple's massage here. Now, on arrival, one is greeted by a whole host of people, and they are all really friendly and accommodating. The ambiance is a cross between an eclectic day spa and a Buddhist monastery (hushed voices and all). Having said this, my partner told me that while the pedicure was okay, the manicure was 'brilliant' (she's had her fair share of these, so she's a great judge for it!). The couple's massage was just okay, however the spa puts in a lot of effort to make one feel relaxed (they provide refreshments at almost every station). The one drawback was that the place was a bit crowded (they do get a lot of appointments, but they're able to manage these quite seamlessly). If there was confusion or conflict, the patron would generally not know of it.Having said this, my favorite aspects of this establishment are the salon (great haircut, head massage, etc.), and very courteous staff (I've been back for the salon alone, and the barber is superb!). The other aspect is (and I mentioned this already) that the staff is very accommodating and rather informative....not only did they treat my partner, but they catered to my every whim (I got chocolates and other items, and they delivered them at different (scheduled) times to her, per my request, to her).The facilities are also 'top notch' (well appointed), and one can come away with a very pleasant experience. The reason this isn't a five star review, however, is that, some of the service staff isn't as experienced for the levels of touted service, but, all things considered, better than a host of other establishments in this city.
4	This was only my second time at a spa, but I can tell you this - I enjoyed every second of it. This really is an urban spa; it has a certain feel to it - brick walls with windows, but not enough light to completely overcome your senses. It walks a fine line between calm and boring. The service is top-notch. When we arrived the person who greeted us was friendly and informative. When we left he was just as friendly and seemed to really care what me and my lovely girlfriend were up to for the rest of the weekend. The receptionist was just as personable and genuine.We had a couples massage and it was fantastic. Every step of the way our masseuses (sp?) were helpful and never pushy.The massages were thorough and just fantastic. I write for a living and I can't put into words just how great my massage was. My girlfriend was equally happy with hers.This is an ideal spa for someone looking for a non-pretentious and enjoyable experience that is 100% professional and welcoming.
