4	This Bevande is conveniently located inside Siebel Center at UIUC.  The coffee is great, but stick with coffee-based drinks.  Lattes, espresso, and cappuccino is all delicious.  However, the smoothies are just frozen strawberries and orange juice thrown in a blender.  I can't justify paying $4 for an unsatisfying goop of orange juice and strawberries.  Likewise, they charge $1.25 for fountain soda, which tastes like chlorine.  Just bring a can of coca-cola from home.
1	The coffee is mediocre and way over-priced.  The service is terribly slow and occasionally wrong. Never order a sandwich from them as it can take forever and is extremely over-priced. I once ordered a sandwich from them for around $6.00. They then proceeded to forget out me and making the sandwich. Then they realized it 5 minutes later and made my sandwich (which took another 5 minutes). Then they gave it to me without an apology.Bevande seems to survive based on the convenience factor for desperate Computer Scientists. I wish Siebel would get a better coffee shop. I prefer Espresso Royale, Paradiso or Cafe Kopi for my money.
1	Every time I go to Bevande I kick myself and swear to never get food from them again.  It takes forever to get your order, it's usually wrong, and even if it isn't wrong it's just not very good food, and it's definitely not worth the prices they charge even if all goes well.  Expect them to be out of at least one element of your order at any given time. Typical ordering process goes a little something like this:Them: (amongst themselves) chatter chatter laugh laugh chatter chatterMe: [waiting, waiting, waiting for someone to notice me standing at the counter]*2 minutes later*Them: Did you need something?Me: I'd like a hummus wrap. Them: Oh, we're out of hummus.Me: OK, how about a turkey wrap.Them: Sorry, no wraps today either.I can honestly count on one hand the number of times I've had a satisfactory experience here, and I don't think I'd even need to use all of my fingers.  The least inconsistent thing they offer is their chocolate chip cookie, which I understand is actually from Pekara.  Unless you wait too late in the week and you end up with a stale one.I'm not a coffee drinker, so can't speak to their coffee.  I suspect that the only reason they get business is its location.I am proud to say that it's been months since I last got anything from them.  I think I've finally learned.
1	Bevande is way to expensive, slow, and generally not good.  Purchasing a sandwich is consistently a battle. A sandwich should not take 20 minutes to make when there is no line. They seem to be better at lunch time, but I refuse to return after many issues.Bevande only beats the vending machine downstairs. i avoid both.
1	This place is a joke. It used to be a little bit better (2007-2009), but now you basically have  employees with zero experience making anything coffee-related. The outcome is as expected. Additionally, the prices are a straight up rip-off. If I wanted decent coffee at rip-off rates, I'd go to Paradiso.Avoid at all costs unless you're desperate for caffeine.
2	Nice staff and convenient location but too sweet the Chai Latte, and it is with Earl Grey tea.
