5	OK, this is the best-kept health and fitness secret in the QC.  Say you're tired of the treadmill or of trying to go running in 95 degrees.  Check out Queen City Dancing Queen.  How it works:  you go...somewhere, usually a church gym or a school.  You dance your ass off for an hour to cool hip hop and Latin rhythms.  You leave feeling happy and covered with sweat.  You pay almost nothing -- if you buy an unlimited monthly class card ($48), you can go every single day and the classes are almost free.  If you come often enough, they give you discounts so it's even more almost free.  They teach classes at multiple different locations all over the metro area, from Gastonia to Harrisburg, with classes every day except Sunday.  So tell your health club to go fly a kite, and try this out.
5	I can't say enough good things about QCDC! They offer an array of classes  throughout the Charlotte area (including different types of classes each night in different locations so if you can't make it to one there is another going on either at that time or within an hour). I've done the zumba class and have had such a great experience with it. The instructors are high energy, explain the moves and are positive influence which in turn make you have a good time and get in shape. I love how I can go to their classes and burn 600 to 700 while having fun, you can't beat it.If you go to their website, you can print out a coupon for a free class if it's your first time going or you can use that coupon to get 5 classes for $25. If you haven't checked out QCDC, what are you waiting for?
1	I have been doing aerobic dancing exercise classes for 30 years.  The problem I have with QCDO and their Zumba is:1. No technique is taught. It's a free-for-all. The motto  "As long as you are moving, you are doing it right" should  be a red flag.  If you are not doing it right, you can injure yourself.2. No attention is paid to stance or posture.3. No review of steps by instructor for newbies. No verbal commands (e.g., grapevine step right or left, side step, pony, etc. )  4. Worst of all, no water breaks  or intermittent heart rate checks. You're on your own.    Workouts like Jacki Sorensen or Richard Simmons are still the Gold Standard. For this group, proceed with extreme caution.
5	WOOHOO - break it down one time!  I went to tonight's Zumba class, and it was better than any other zumba class I've ever taken.  In fact, the whole class was basically like dancing it out at 'da club on a rockin' Saturday night - hooting, hollering, and a whole lot of ass shaking.  And the venue completed the effect, as the class was hosted in Marginy (Charlotte Magazine's 2011 Best Dance Club, Creative Loafing's Best Gay/Lesbian Club).  There were 3 instructors who rotated each routine, which kept the energy super high throughout, and the guys and girls in the class responded each time a new song played.  I hear Queen City DanceOut has a variety of other classes - I will definitely be back for Zumba and can't wait for what else they offer!
5	Hey, it's almost four years later and I'm still going regularly. They must be doing something right!
5	I can't say enough good things about Queen City DanceOut. I've tried Zumba and other dance classes at several other places in Charlotte, but I always come back to QCDO because they are by far the best.Every class I've been to has been awesome! They all truly feel like a party and the atmosphere feels like a big, happy family together for a good time. They choreograph songs to all the latest music, and it's impossible not to have fun. QCDO also has contests for where whoever goes to the most classes wins a prize, so that's always a good incentive to go to class. I go to the Center City classes - Monday Megamix, DanceOut!, Zumba, Jamstrong, and the Jam. Each instructor brings their own style and personality to their class and I love all of them.I am done with paying gym fees since I found QCDO. I am so grateful they are in Charlotte. I recommend QCDO to everyone - go to a class. You won't regret it!
4	I moved away from a place I loved to dance and now I am trying to find in Charlotte (under $100/mo).  I would say that hands down this is the most FUN I've had "working out".  The instructors are incredibly gifted and all bring something different to each class.  I prefer higher intensity and the first two classes I took were not so high (though, I tried to bring up the intensity myself) but then I found great intensity in Get Hyped.  I still brought some of the moves to a higher intensity, but thought overall, this was what I wanted!  The instructors make sure to keep the dances at every range of intensity, so even in a higher intensity class, you can bring it down easily without stopping all together.I would highly recommend QCDO to anyone that loves to move and wants to have fun while doing it.  TIP:  The dances may take a newbie 3-4 visits to learn the songs/moves/order but their motto is "as long as you are moving, you're doing it right".  Keep that in mind.  Learn the feet first, then add the arms when you're ready.  Just keep moving!  Great group of people, great workout, great fun!
