2	Steak & Spud Factory-You'd think they'd served steak sandwiches and stuffed potatoes but NO.They have a mix of bar food items and mexican. I tried the Taco Salad and What a MISTAKE. with La Salsa next door I should have known better.It was Cheesesteak meat used and the thing was COVERED in sour cream. YUCK!
1	This place use to be good.  I had a chicken philly and they used cubed pieces chicken instead of the thinly cut meat that they use to use.  This thing was horrible.  They certainly cant call it a philly anymore.   Yukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
2	I can't believe I am actually reviewing this place, but I was hungry, with my mother, and we were killing time while my glasses were being done at Lenscrafters.Does anyone remember how Boulevard Mall used to be THE premiere mall in Las Vegas? It's amazing how quickly things get run-down and thrown to the way-side in this town. Also, the food court here used to be decent as well. This particular place has gone through so many names and changes I don't bother keeping up.Basically this is why I go to this place - they have Philly Cheesesteaks. Unfortunately, they aren't terribly good. But they will do in a pinch when you have absolutely nothing else to eat. Don't expect any awesome food from this place. Just take a look around you if you just so happen to be in this particular mall, in this food court. Meh.
4	My four-star review is relative to the other food establishments in the Boulevard Mall. I had never been to this mall before this day. The mall looks a little beat up and I bet it was once one of the better shopping centers in this area. Now it is not too busy, but overall seems nice, clean, well-lit and spacious.The Steak & Spud offers wraps and gyros, sandwiches, and burgers. Egg cheeseburger. Gyro cheeseburger. Nah.. I went with wrap combo No. 2. The man at the counter was nice. He scooped out some sundried tomatoes and fresh spinach and heated that on his grill, then mixed in some feta and savory dressing. This went into the panini press. I got some french fries instead of the potato chips. These were good. Real potatoes. My meal cost $7.50.Hey, seriously. This food tasted fresh, delicious, and healthy. I saw him cook it. He washed his hands. It was a good portion. Totally awesome.  Especially compared to Sbarro, Panda, Bourbon Grille, and Hibachi San.
5	It's kinda hard to find a good burger in Las Vegas. Who would of known that this small location inside the almost empty Boulevard Mall has one of thee best burgers in town.  I've had almost the whole menu by now and I love it all.  I do noticed that the name of this location would make u think its a philly steak fries location but nope it's burgers and sandwiches.  Not only is the food amazing but the cooks and owner are absolutely amazing. They are always nice and are always willing to help. If you ever walk up and don't know what u want someone back there will tell u what to get and trust me you'll love it.One of the best yet hidden gems in town!!! I love the pineapple bacon burger.
5	This place is awesome! Best burgers in Las Vegas! Eddie hooked it up for me & my family. Ordered the Steak Fries & Grilled Cheese Cheese Burger. They grill it right there in front of you. Best burger place here in Vegas so far & I 've tried a lot of places. The Steak & Spud Factory is now my favorite. It's located in the food court of The Boulevard mall.
1	Had the pastrami chili fries,  the fries tasted like they were old and very hard,  not fresh at all, the pastrami and pickles were good but they totally skimp on those ingredients and the price was way too high for what you get 10$ for the fries and the coke, the guy behind the counter was nice,  15 minutes later instant diarrhea. Not sure if would try a burger next time,  not sure if I would eat there again
