4	Cash onlySmoke is a new little taqueria along the revitalizing 8th street. We wandered in here after seeing a business card at Mostly Mod claiming 10% off, having parked next to it and curious of Pittsburgh's taquerias after a recent trip to the west coast. We entered the mostly empty room and found through talking to the woman that they had only opened this saturday, and haven't really begun to promote the restaurant. We looked at the menu, a modest breakfast and non-breakfast selection - which I liked. Pork, steak, chicken, veggie tacos, a few sides, and a handful of drinks(including mexican coke, horchata, and agua fresca). We ordered two veggie tacos, a breakfast taco, an agua freca, and a side of mac and cheese.The first thing I drank was the agua fresca. I prefer it at Taco Loco as it is much sweeter, tasting and having the texture of putting a straw in a watermelon, but the version served here is much lighter and still very tasty.We found out that we had to run so we finished the rest of the order in the car.The first thing we found was that the mac and cheese was absolutely wonderful. Creamy and flavorful, nothing fancy, just really good mac and cheese. And for $3 we got a lot of it, so we were both happy to split it.The tacos were OK, definitely not authentic mexican(and the place doesn't claim to be, mind you, it is titled a barbecue taqueria) but pretty good tasting. The tortillas are homemade and you can tell, they taste warm and fresh. The filling on the veggie tacos was just mushy beans - the salsa helped, but it could be helped even more by some sour cream or some extra veggies. The breakfast taco was very good, a lot of egg on it and the flavors really worked.This place only has a few seats and a single table, but it really isn't a sit down place as much as a grab-and-go, that you might want to eat in. It could be helped by some chips, salsa, guacamole, etc. Overall the place supports fresh local ingredients and has eco-friendly containers. The service was wonderful and the price was right(You can have a feast here for the price of a taco at Yo Rita), so we'll definitely be back.
5	We had a rib taco, a chicken taco, and two breakfast tacos. Really good! I think the egg breakfast taco was the best. I would really recommend this place above anything on the main drag of Waterfront Dr.
5	Still Cash OnlyCall ahead to make sure they're openIt's only been just over a month, and I have to update my review, since I've been here numerous times, and tried just about the whole menu - and I've felt bad about only giving 4 stars the last time because it's too good to deserve less. This is one of my favorite places to stop in and check up on. The drinks are always amazing - rotating agua fresca flavors with fresh lime zest, fresh squeezed lemonade - which now comes in rotating flavors! I had the raspberry lemonade today, it came topped with a generous portion of raspberry puree and the fresh tart raspberry flavor went perfectly with the sweet and sour lemonade. Rumor has it they might try blueberry tomorrow, which sounded even more interesting.The tacos here really stand out. I know in my last review I was skeptical, but that was in their first week, and I got them to go with the sauce on the side. Now, every time I have them they're amazing. My favorites are the Mexican Migas - a breakfast taco with eggs, onions, peppers, and fried tortilla strips, the veggie with avocado creme, and the rib - whose porter BBQ sauce and the bright red smoke ring is enough to make me have dreams about returning here. Beyond that, the mac & cheese, topped with a super sharp cheddar is still out of this world.There are now some tables for groups to eat at, but the seating is still limited so you might want to call ahead. Also, their small kitchen has been met with a great response - meaning they can, and do, sell out at times. Today they sold out of EVERYTHING before 3pm and had to close - so call ahead and make sure they're still open.The service here is also super friendly, and sometimes if they're busy it takes them a little while (10-15minutes) to get your order, but it's always worth it. There seem to be some vague plans being tossed around: A downstairs seating area, a brewery, etc. I'm super excited to see what else Smoke has in store
4	Finally got around to trying this place today on my never-ending quest for decent tacos in Pittsburgh, and I wasn't disappointed! Pleasant decor, an interesting menu, friendly service, and excellent food. The horchata was clearly homemade and tasty although a little week, and the tacos were delicious. I had the pork, chicken, and vegetarian tacos on corn tortillas and would highly recommend both the pork and chicken. The vegetarian was decent but paled in comparison to the others. My only slight complaint is that all the tacos came wrapped up in foil which seems kind of wasteful - I would prefer to see them served on standard plates. Also, the time it takes to receive the tacos is quite long!I will definitely be back in the future!
5	I have been meaning to find and stop at this place evertime I've been at the Waterfront.  Today was the day and I am very glad that I did.   It is located on left side 8th Ave as you drive away from Pittsburgh ( in the block PAST the Waterfront's enterance.)I stopped for a quick lunch of at  pork taco and a fresh squeezed lemonade.  The lemonade was perfect.  The taco was......well all I can say is the the foodie term, "perfect bite" was all that I could think of!   It was a great combination of smoke, porliness, slight sweetness and light spice!   It was the the best taco I've ever had and would make the best pulled pork sandwich that I ever had if it were a sandwich!I will be returning!
3	Five stars for the food, zero stars for the agonizingly slow service.I read on Yelp and elsewhere that getting food at Smoke could take a while, so I called ahead to place my order. I arrived about 25 minutes later and was told that my order was not ready. From that point I had to wait another 45 minutes before my food started coming out. Tacos are basically fast food; I can't even fathom what could have taken so long. The place was not particularly busy. Do they smoke each little portion of meat individually? I don't get it.The tacos were excellent, especially as I was ravenously hungry after my 70 minute wait. I tried the veggie, pork, brisket, and breakfast with chorizo (they were out of ribs and chicken). Only the veggie taco left something to be desired, i.e. meat. The other three were delicious, especially the brisket and breakfast.I will definitely patronize Smoke again, but I will make sure to call an hour ahead next time. I hope they use some of my money to hire some additional help.
5	This will be one thing I will sorely miss about this town if I do ever leave.These are 100% the best tacos in this town and second only to the street tacos I had in Mexico.  It also gives Salt a run for it's money as my favorite restaurant  in Pittsburgh.The boyfriend and I have made a new rule that we are only allowed to go once a week.  The food is that good.While we have never waited less than an hour for our food, it does not at all color my opinion of the place.  Our strategy is go in, place our order and take a horchata to go and go grocery shopping/run errands in the mean time.  If you do it that way, there is no waiting at all!  And if you are going for dinner (and they are still open!) head down the street to Blue Dust  for great beers.I have had all the tacos and most of the sides across multiple visits.  The tortillas are hand made everyday.  Amazing.  The taco filling is BBQ style meats.  It may be the best brisket I have ever had.  The sauces are flavorful running the gamut from zesty to melt your face off.  The chicken taco is the most spicy, so watch out!  I would also recommend getting the avocado cream on all of your tacos.  It really adds the right amount of fat and texture to the already astonishing tacos.Two tacos, half a side and a horchata are generally enough for me.  The prices are mid range.Worth the wait, worth the price, and better than any of the hype.
5	The best tacos in Pittsburgh.  I've eaten here once a week since they opened, I seriously can't get enough.
4	Wow.  I had a great lunch today at Smoke and left with a big smile on my face.  I loved the pork taco with caramelized onions that seemed slow cooked and melded perfectly with the tender pulled pork.  Like all the tacos, it was served with lime juice and cilantro.  Also had a breakfast taco with housemade chorizo.  In short, these tacos are (expletive deleted) delicious.  Also tried the macaroni cheese which contains scallions and mascarpone.  It was also above average but a tad too salty.  My guest also enjoyed the veggie tacos and Apple jalapeno slaw which was lovely.  Good service was appreciated.  After reading several other reviews, I was worried about the wait but our food arrived in a perfectly feasible ten minutes.  Granted, it was between meals around 3 o'clock and we were the only patrons.  Once they make updates to a second restroom, they plan to expand downstairs with more tables.  Highly recommended for dine in or takeout.  Go for the pork tacos, stay for the rest of the very small menu.
5	The side dishes are AMAZING!  I would drive an hour to eat here, but am lucky enough to be a 10 minute drive.  Its hard not to get one of everything on the menu
3	Food: There are multiple tacos to choose from, including beef, chicken, veggie, and more.  The tacos aren't huge (but are cheap, see below), and two tacos and an appetizer or three tacos on their own will likely be enough to fill you.  The appetizers are fairly small, and won't fill you up before you get to the tacos.  We ordered the homemade mac and cheese and the apple slaw, both of which were good.  The veggie tacos are filled with fresh veggies and are above average, however, I think Smoke is more suited for carnivores.  The non-veggie tacos seem to be what draw the crowd.Price: The prices are very reasonable, most tacos are $3, and both appetizers we ordered were $2.50 each.  Neither the tacos nor the appetizers are huge, and you won't have any to take home, but you can eat your fill for well under $15, maybe under $10.  Cash only.Drinks: BYOB.  Multiple tables had six packs on the table with their dinner.  Smoke makes their own version of flavored water that rotates daily or weekly.  This earned rave reviews, and it is good, but nothing spectacular.  It was Honeydew flavor when we were there.Atmosphere: Located right on 8th Ave. (the main drag of Homestead) near the Valero station, you may miss it if you don't look closely.  It feels like a smoke house, starting as you walk through the screen door and into the strange old-fashioned interior.  You seat yourself, and there aren't many tables, but you can move them however you want to accommodate your group.  The entire dining experience is very casual.  There are no plates; your tacos come wrapped in aluminum foil, and the appetizers come in coffee cups.Service: The service was quick and friendly, and we had no complains at all.  Our waitress came to our table right away, asked if we had been there before, and filled us in on what we needed to know as first-time-diners.  She checked back on us multiple times.(+): above average authentic food, great price(-): for vegetarians the food is good but not greatWould I go back again? I probably wouldn't make the trip to Homestead just to eat here, but if I was at the Waterfront and didn't want to wait to eat at one of the chain restaurants, I'd definitely pop in for a cheap lunch.
5	Love the food, drinks and owners. The menu is very creative. Combining BBQ with tacos is both of my favorites in one meal. Gotta love it. My daughter and I made the trip from the North Hills area and found parking right in front. The lemonade is amazing. We wanted to try everything. We even ordered a couple for my wife to go. We will eat here when we go to the Waterfront or Kennywood or even just as a destination to eat period. Yum...
5	First sign of a good restaurant: I wanted everything on the menu because it looked so good!Second sing of a good restaurant: Everything on the menu actually turns out to be great!Look closely for this place, because in the dark, you can easily pass it by.  It's totally adorable inside, and come to find out it's actually registered a historic landmark.  Makes it even quirkier!  The owner is super friendly and helped us pick out some awesome menu choices, being our first time there.  As soon as she said she had just cooked the ribs, for the rib taco's, I was in BBQ heaven!  I also chose the brisket taco, from reading all the other reviews, it seemed like the smart thing to do.  Both were incredibly tasty, with the fantastic BBQ marinade.  I was more into the rib taco than the brisket, but both were awesome.  I was also torn by the sides, because they all looked so yummy!  I decided to get the Jalapeno Apple Coleslaw. I love coleslaw, but it's one of those sides you can very often get wrong.  Too much mayo, not enough mayo, not enough vinegar, too much vinegar, etc.  This was perfectly marinated with a touch of vinegar and mayo and delicious apple slices mixed in.  I also sampled my friends white cheddar mac n' cheese.  WOW.  Obvious next time side item for me, it's incredible!  A couple things to remember:  It's BYOB, so bring it!  CASH ONLY. Also, they're only open until 7pm mon-wed, so make sure you're in before then.  She was nice enough to serve us and not kick us out...and was very nice all the while.  She even brought a sample of this delish cantaloupe drink, get that too on your trip out, because you must stop in!
5	This a cute little restaurant in Homestead started by a couple from Austin. Nelda is an amazing hostess, she makes you feel really welcome and is very passionate about the place. The food is amazing, great great flavors! I have always been a fan of tacos, but these tacos are something else. They have great combinations of flavors which I really enjoy. The menu is not super long but has something for everyone. I can't pick a favorite taco, I enjoy them all. And along with my delicious tacos, I love to have a glass of the agua fresca of the day. I love the sprinkle of lemon on the top. These guys are pros!
5	This place is amazing. The brisket taco is the best I have ever had. Homemade flour torts insanely good. My wife loved the pork taco. Fresh ingredients, homemade not processed = great end product!!!!! For the complaints of slow service we waited about 20 min for our food and they were bizy. I did not think that was too bad for the best HOMEMADE taco in town!!!!! For those of you who still think that's too long they have a place called taco bell where you pay $1.50 for what looks like beef in 1 min. For me I'll take my fresh made taco with real ingredients.
5	I have read many, many reviews about SMOKE and finally had the chance to go.  Simply amazing.  Flavors of nearly all tacos (a group of us shared six) were extraordinary.  Mac & cheese as a side for tacos?  Hell yeah - creamy and delicious with a nice sharp bite at the end.  Waitress was excellent as well.As you already know from other reviews:  cash only and BYOB.With so many good things to say, we were astounded to be the only patrons much of the visit.  (4:30-5:45 on a Sunday).  WHERE ARE YOU PEOPLE?
4	We wandered in on a recent Sunday, shortly after noon.  I was panicked to count exactly 3 tables and 2 stools at the bar.  All of them full.  A friendly server said "don't worry, two of the tables are just finishing up", and handed us menus to review.After we nabbed a table, our server greeted us right away.  For beverages, BJ got a diet coke, I got a horchata.  What is horchata?  It's a traditional rice milk drink made with cinnamon, sugar and vanilla with a bit of fresh grated lime for garnish.  It was so good, I loved it and so did BJ.  Of course we had to ask what was good. Apparently their menu has some new creations.  BJ ended up selecting both of his tacos from the "new" items.  He got a Philly brisket taco and a chorizo taco.  The Philly taco was nothing like a Philly cheese steak, it was more like pot roast.  He said the chorizo taco was very spicy and flavorful.  It was his favorite.  I stole a few pinto beans and tomatoes from this taco.  I got a pork taco with avocado creme and one of the new creations, a chicken apple taco with smoked chicken, house made bacon, apples, white cheddar & house made smoked jalapeno mayo.  The pork was my favorite by far, stuffed with lots of huge pieces of meat.  It was perfect.  We also got a side of jalapeno apple coleslaw to share.  We were both surprised that the jalapeno didn't have more of a kick.  But we loved the crispness of the cabbage and the dressing was yummy.   This is me, eating at Smoke:  mmmm.......MMMMMM......mmmmmm.....  I thought my boyfriend was going to slap me.  But I couldn't help it.....mmmmm..... yummm....We like the rustic charm of the interior.  We were curious why there was so much space and so few tables.  Apparently, there is a business ordinance the dictates the number of tables based on the number of "wash" rooms.  They have one wash room.  So, although there is space for more tables, they can't add any more.  Of course, the owners plan to expand and they are hoping to open a microbrewery in the basement by Fall 2012.  I am sure this business will be around for a long time.
4	SMOKE was awesome.  This is exactly what Pittsburgh needs. Great food that is reasonably priced. The owners are cool and the place is simple and very chill.  Not tacky!  We got pork, chicken, brisket and veggie tacos.  The sauces are perfect.  We even made some new friends sharing a table.  Be back real soon!
4	Okay so the good first.  The taco and mac + chili were unbelievably good.  So good that I cannot fathom giving this place a bad review.  Next time I am in Pittsburgh I will undoubtedly go back,  I will just be more prepared with a book, or movie.  And a lawn chair.I cannot figure out what took so long to make our food.  There were a handful of other folks in the restaurant (which, coincidentally is how many people it takes to fill the tables) most of whom already had their food when we got there.  We were lucky enough to get two bar stools that were so short that our chins rested on the bar but hey, we are just ordering tacos so we won't be here that long, right?I ordered the brisket taco and the mac + chili.  My wife ordered the chicken taco and the mac + chili.  The thing about brisket is, you cook it a damn long time.  More or less chili gets the same treatment.  It wasn't as if there was food being constantly run from the kitchen, so what in the world were they doing for the hour it took to get our meal?  About half of their reviews say the same thing, so I think more than being upset over the wait for something that should have been out in ten minutes, I am confused why they haven't figured it out yet.The byob thing is, in my opinion, also a problem for their operation.  As we, and a few other customers were sitting on uncomfortable stools or standing, praying for one of the three tables or one adequate bar accommodation to open up, patrons at all three tables were finished eating but continued to open beers and pour glasses of wine.  We finally asked one of the tables, who honestly appeared to be leaving, if we could have their table when they left and they got upset with us because they still had beer left.  And more as a Pittsburgh review but as they fall into this category I think it is relevant.  Why in the hell does no one in Pittsburgh take credit cards?
5	Delicious!  Work in the waterfront and have been meaning to go here.  Finally did today... and I am very mad that I have waited so long.  Chicken and Pork tacos were both had incredible flavor, and tortillas were obviously fresh.  Pineapple Agua Fresca was perfect.
5	This place blew. my. mind.Seriously, I think I'm in love. I make up reasons to come here (honey, I need shampoo so let's drive 20 minutes to go to the Waterfront - OH HEY WAIT WE'RE RIGHT NEXT TO SMOKE, lookit that!). I could literally eat every (vegetarian) item off their menu. I've considered asking if I can pay rent to live upstairs and eat there daily. I love EVERYTHING about this place!Smoke is relatively new, so it seems their menu is ever-changing, which suits my easily-bored self quite well. My current favorites there are migas breakfast tacos, their mac & cheese (so so delicious), and their fritos con queso (yes, FRITOS as in Frito Lays - brilliant scooping action there). For beverages, they offer a few outstanding options, including MexiCoke with real sugar, agua fresca of the day, and horchatas, all very delicious. What's even better is you can customize your order quite easily, which is super accommodating since I'm such a picky eater (hey, I know what I want!). For instance, I typically add the crispy potatoes to the migas breakfast taco and take out the hot peppers. Super tasty!The service is AWESOME. I've only ever been helped by the owner, who is super nice, helpful, and always has a smile on her face. The prices here are also pretty reasonable, considering how much I usually order (about $10-15). I also dig the minimal southwest-mod decor hardcore!A few things of note: they are CASH only, BYOB, and MAKE THEIR OWN TORTILLAS! How hard does that rule?! (They're apparently also working on making corn ones as well for the future!)
3	The speed of the service at this place can really not be understated.  I need to say right off the bat that we ordered two (tiny) tacos and two bowls of chili and it took us OVER AN HOUR to get our food. That aside, the food was really good.  I got the chicken taco, my husband got the brisket. My taco was mostly meat, with very minimal other toppings.  The meat was good, but I would have liked to have had more of the other stuff that was in the taco (apple, bacon, a chipotle mayo).  They make their own flour tortillas, which really made a bigger difference than I was anticipating.  They were really light and tender. The chili was also really good.  It had bits of the brisket mixed in which made it really smokey and filling.I really do have to go back to this slow service thing, though, because it blew my mind.  We are taking about tacos and chili here..  how can that possible take an hour to make?  I feel like they make every tiny portion of chili from scratch when it is ordered instead of having a big pot of it ready to go.  And the tacos?  Seriously?  Have they seen other people make a taco before?  You should have the stuff ready and then you just put it together!  The other huge issue with this place was the seating.  When we walked in, all three tables were taken.  The bar had two people sitting at it with loads of other room, but there were no chairs.  There was also plenty of room for more tables.  Anyway we said we could just sit at the bar if they had some more stools.. the girl brought us two low stools that were clearly intended for a table, and not a bar, and so we sat with the bar at about nose-height.  The reason that these things were so frustrating is that they seemed SO easily remedied!  Buy a couple of stools!  Get a couple more thrift store tables (the other ones in the place didn't match, so I just can't understand why they didn't invest another $10 in another table!)  Have the chili prepared!  Have the meats for the tacos prepared!  I understand that this place is new-ish.. they obviously have a few kinks to work out. I think if they can get it figured out they will be in good shape because, like I said, the food was really fantastic.Oh and also- like everywhere else in Pittsburgh, its cash only, so come prepared for that.
5	Holy SMOKE!    First up in the list of wonderfulness to be experienced is the service.  I'd called ahead to check whether or not corn tortillas were available to accommodate my gluten issues. I was lucky enough to have my first opportunity to talk with Nelda, the wife half of the Smoke duo.  Nelda said she'd be happy to set some homemade ones aside from breakfast service for me....just let her know when I get there and she'd take care of everything.  And she did.  Warmly.  With Nelda's help, we built a couple of tacos without any gluten problems at all. The brisket.  Everything you've read here about the brisket is true.  THE BEST BRISKET IN THE CITY!!!  Mine came with avocado cream, pickled onions and fresno hot sauce instead of the porter bbq sauce (porter = beer = verbotten gluten).  I can't imagine anything being better than the smoky, creamy, spicy taco that was created.  I didn't stop there, I also had one of the new tacos...the Chicken, Apple, cheddar, smoked jalapeno mayo and house cured and smoked bacon taco!  Loved it.  It made my taste buds dance!  My husband really enjoyed the Philly taco....brisket, onions, hot peppers and a sharp white cheddar sauce.  I wasn't able to sample it, but he was a very happy camper!  He agreed it was the best brisket anywhere.  He enjoyed the mac and cheese while I enjoyed the apple jalapeno slaw...both measured up to the tacos....outstanding!  The horchata was sweet, spicy with cinnamon and delish....I think a shot of spiced rum would be an awesome addition.  And since SMOKE is byob, you could do that!  The hubby - as cautious as he is about new tastes - enjoyed his agua fresca - a strawberry version - quite well.  Again, maybe a shot of tequila would take it over the top?Our SMOKE break on way to Kennywood Christmas on Saturday evening. was one that will be repeated....often  We can't wait to go back and give everything on the menu a try.  Next time...breakfast at SMOKE!  One last thing...SMOKE has not only the best brisket in Pittsburgh, SMOKE has the BEST TACOS IN PITTSBURGH!!!!
4	mmmmm.  Taqueria.  The word itself evokes such happiness.  I've heard lots of buzz about this place, and when I had a meeting in the neighborhood, I took the chance to check it out.  It's a pretty sparse place, with only a few tables and stools.  But it still somehow looks trendy.  Empty-chic?I took a paper menu and sat at a stool, and a server took my order.  My horchata appeared quickly - if you haven't tried this before, I highly recommend it, and Smoke makes a nice version.  Horchata is made differently everywhere, but you'll usually find it milky and spiced with cinnamon and vanilla.  It's actually made with rice, but don't let that weird you out.  It's pronounced "or CHA ta" and Smoke's version has a little bit of lime zest on top, which was fun.My tacos took a solid 15 minutes to appear, which was fine - it isn't fast food, but I also didn't experience the super-slow service people described below.  I was there at 130 pm on a Thursday, for what it's worth.  My tacos came wrapped in foil and presented to me with napkins - I get that it's street food and all, but I sort of expected, since I was "dining in," that there'd be like.... a plate.  Even a paper plate.  So things got messy.  Though that is part of the fun of tacos.I got the chorizo taco and the veggie - both were tasty.  Chorizo was $4, and veggie was $3.  They are bigger than hard-shell taqueria tacos, but they aren't too big...Maybe 1/3 the size of a Chipotle burrito?  Two tacos were PLENTY for me.  The server recommended two tacos and a side dish for one person - but I'd say only do that if you are HONGRAY.  I couldn't stuff all that in my face, no sir.The chorizo taco had pinto beans in it, and some salsa goodness.  It was fresh-tasting and yummy....the tortillas are handmade, but they are flour tortillas, and I think they could really use a corn tortilla option, just sayin'.  I liked the veggie one, filled with corn and black beans.  The veggies were cold in the taco, which was also not ideal, and I would've loved some cheese on them, but they did not have that option listed on the menu.So my meal was $11 for two tacos and a dandy horchata, which I think is pretty spot-on fair.  Easy parking on 8th Ave cost me a quarter.  I think this place is a nice addition to the Pittsburgh area.  The food is appealing, but frankly, it's not hugely different from Chipotle.  And Chipotle is delicious, don't get me wrong.  Smoke is a great place to visit, but it's not doing enough to stand out from the rest of the pack.  Well, I guess it is in Pittsburgh, it's really the only place like this that I've seen here.  And that's saying a lot - I think the Latin American influence on the restaurant seen here is improving, and that is something to be excited about.  I'd come back, with my boyfriend, the next time we crave Chipotle but also want to spend our dolla dolla bills on a local business.
5	My new most favorite place in Pittsburgh.  Everything I have had has been fantastic. Standouts include the brisket and mac & cheese.
2	The tacos were pretty good, although I found the pork and brisket kind to be a bit bland and full of large onion pieces. The queso dip was tasty, but it was served with Fritos which were way too salty and kind of threw it off.  But I won't return because of the abysmal wait time. The place was virtually empty - I counted a total of ten people when I walked in,but it took well over an hour for them finish my takeout order. There are just so many good restaurants in Pittsburgh, that I can't see myself wasting that much time going to Smoke again. Yo Rita serves similar fare with much better service.
1	I have been there before. Food is very good and I have recommended the place to many others. I was surprised to find out that some people mentioned waiting up to 1 1/2 hours for their food.  They said the explanation was too many take out orders. I experienced it myself tonight. The waitress told us after an hour that it would be another 25-30 minutes for our food because they were busy with take out orders.........seriously???The place has 4 tables. If the business model is to focus on takeout orders, say so up front. Doesn't make a lot of sense. Most, if not all of their fillings are PRE MADE. Slap it in a tortilla and give it to seated customers. People calling in expect to wait a few minutes. Not so with seated customers. Owners need to review business model and prioritize what it is you do. I left and went to Peruvian restaurant and had a sit down dinner, with appetizers in under an hour.  Get it together!!!!
3	Oh Pittsburgh.....I think I might have ruined myself by living in California: I can't seem to find much good, innovative, FLAVORFUL food here.  Way more misses than hits as of late for me.I understand the economics of a restaurant and that they need to turn a profit, but the price is too high for what you get...period.  I'm not a cheapskate or a poor student, I just know the flavor/quantity/price balance is off.  There's innovation here, but it could go SO much farther with a few simple tweaks.  I'm know by some people as somewhat of a 'big eater' but when I went I wasn't that hungry, and ate 5 tacos plus fritos and queso, and could have eaten a bunch more.To their credit, the roast pork was good, but it didn't have anything else to set it off, no other textures or flavors to accompany.  Also props on making their own bacon, I hope you like it extra smokey tho.  I might return to try the things they were out of when I was there, the chicken and brisket, but it will only be for a snackThe reason they got 3 stars instead of 2: THE HORCHATA!  Super excellent, I'm more likely to stop by for a to-go horchata than anything else.
5	My girlfriend never stops making excuses to go to Homestead now that this place is there. But I fancy it quite a bit myself. The staff is extremely friendly and always very accommodating to our vegetarian needs. I get a sort of breakfast taco (available at night!) with eggs and potatoes that is fantastic. Their queso dip quirkily served with fritos is to die for. And let's not forget the life changingly good mac and cheese. Definitely go here!
5	My new favorite place in Pittsburgh. Most amazing combination of flavors I have ever experienced- so well executed- amazing- can't say it enough. My Favorite- The side order of cowboy beans gave me such internal warmth I almost teared up. Great drink of the day- fresca something- DO IT. Chicken taco isy current favorite.  I order two tacos, mac and cheese and beans to share with my husband, he gets two tacos, and we get out of there for under 20. Amazing. Mac and cheese is so creAmy (AND MY SON LOVES IT) it fills you up after two tacos- so stop complaining about the size- if you want big without flavor- go to a fast food place.  this is quality and that is the size it comes in- love it or leave it. They say the tacos are small, but they are BUSTING with flavor.   BEST FOOD YET here in pittsburgh. YUMMM.
5	Wow. Just wow.The reviews were rave...and this place had been on my list for awhile, and the wait was beyond worth it.A friend and I headed there before a movie at the waterfront.  We immediately wanted to try everything.The staff was soooo nice, welcoming and helpful.We had the Fritopie.  Amazingness.  Piles of fritos with heaven on top. Between the two of us we had the pork taco, the breakfast taco, and the short rib tacos.  Wow.  Each one better than the one before it.  BUT - I am dreaming of the pork taco, it haunts me at night - beckoning me to return.They were out of the chorizo and the brisket.  The potential of those alone - is enough reason to head back.The sides were also great - Mac and Cheese. Amazing. Next time want to try it with the chili added. The jalapeno apple slaw had a nice bite, but was fresh compliment to the tacos.The beans were also great (but hey - they're beans...to even mention them means they were great).It's byob, very casual, only a few seats.  As this place grows - I would assume it will be harder to get a seat.  Next time I'm planning on a take-out feast.Hopefully tonight.
5	I can't put into words how amazing this place is.  Everything I have ever ordered from here has been simply spectacular.  The food is just amazing.  Favorites include the mac & cheese, rib taco and the Brisket taco is pretty much my favorite dish in all of Pittsburgh right now.2 things you should know about Smoke: They take a long time to get you your food.  Not sure why this is, but at least it is well, well worth it in the end.  Be prepared to wait.  I usually get take out to help alleviate the wait - call it in and go pick it up.There are hardly any seats in here.  Maybe 3 tables, and a bar that will seat about 4 or 5 folks.
4	A little on the pricey side, since I'm used to an abundance of yummy tacos in LA and Texas, but good flavor in both the tacos we tried and the best place we've found so far for tacos in Pittsburgh.We only tried two tacos and took them to go, so there's not much else for me to review at this time.  But, we're definitely going to go back to try some more things, so an update will definitely be added.
3	After reading all the reviews, we went.Early. the place only seats about 10 so if you go late, wait. Second hand store retro mishmash of furnishings. The food is good, unique flavors typical boutique portions=small. Not a street taco by any stretch for the price.But different combinations and handmade drinks. Excellent reading material while you wait. Overall it is OK but not southwest great.
4	As much as I want to give it 5 stars, I just can't.  4.5 would be perfect, but alas...As others have said, definitely worth the trip to Homestead, and a a perfect stop for lunch if you're already down at the Waterfront.First off, the space is fantastic.  Certainly what I'd expect from a locovore tacqueria, complete with mismatched tables and copies of "dwell" there for perusal while you wait for your food.  This scene is straight out of Lawrenceville.  Definitely very comfortable and welcoming though, with a friendly and accommodating staff.On to the food.  The tacos are indeed excellent, with the variety of BBQ'd meat being what's showcased.  The pork, ribs and brisket were all very well cooked and full of flavor.  The specific sauce for each complimented them well, and did not overpower the natural flavors of the protein.  Also, kudos for not covering them in guacamole or sour cream...a frequent crutch for those with sub-standard flavoring in the taco itself.  The breaksfast tacos our also outstanding.  The perfect combination of egg, cheese, salsa, beans and your choice of meat.  The drinks are a great addition. Homemade lemonade and agua fresca accompany the tacos perfectly.  And who can't be pumped for the ever-elusive Mexican coke?  Of course, BYOB is always a nice touch for those interested in a few beers with their taco feast.Now for where I think Smoke falls short of 5 stars: the sides.  Yes, the chili is quite good.  But the mac and cheese simply is not.  I'm sorry to say it...but it's the truth.  In principle, it sounds great with roasted garlic, marscapone and super sharp white cheddar.  In practice, however, it falls flat.  The flavor balance is just off, with the sharp cheddar coming off as bitter and even a bit funky.  The beans are good, but really, the sides are the only place the menu leaves something to be desired.Bottom line, this is a great stop, and better than a majority of Mexican-inspired fare found around the 'Burgh.  I mean, any place where you go back the morning after you were there just so you can get the breakfast taco has to be pretty good.
4	If Smoke were any more hip, it might be a cliche; instead it's just extremely good food served in a warm, relaxed atmosphere with a healthy dose of fun. While the meal wasn't perfect, the flavors were excellent, and some of our tacos packed a fair amount of heat, which was a pleasant surprise.We got the veggie, brisket, pork, and chicken tacos - the veggie was excellent, not a menu afterthought at all.  The other tacos were really good, though we felt that the level of heat sometimes overpowered the original flavors, and the pickled onions and mustard seemed to be AWOL on the brisket taco - but with meat cooked that beautifully, who cares? The agua fresca was a great complement to the meal, even on a wintry evening, so don't miss it if you're even mildly curious.Bottom line? I feel like I could order almost anything here and be happy and well-fed. Smoke has set the bar pretty high for good food in Pittsburgh for me.
2	I was in a recording studio across the street when the engineer recommended Smoke. I took the rest of the band's orders and called over. The woman answered the phone, and when I told her I was placing an order for pick up, she asked me to hold. She actually just put the phone down because I could still hear everything. I waited, and waited, and waited....FOR 22 MINUTES! I finally hung up and called back....15 TIMES! The phone was still off the hook. Why do you give a take-out menu with a phone number can't handle take-out business?!By this time we were starving, so I walked over. The woman asked me if she could help me. I responded that I was still on hold. She looked at the phone, and said, "we're swamped". I guess that's my fault. My order for eight tacos was quoted at a half hour. I asked her, "Come back in 30 minutes?". She said that I better not, and that she'd take my phone number because it would actually be longer. She was right. Nearly 80 minutes later....The tacos were big...I guess that's why they're $4 a piece, and pretty good. Just please get your service together!! I know you're busy! I know everyone likes your food! Hire some more people!!! You guys could easily get five stars from me.
2	Tacos are my favorite food, but instead of being a taco purist, I'm more like a tacoventurer. ("Tacoventurer" is someone who relishes exploring any and all iterations of tacos, you've not heard this? I made it up, that's why.) I always like it when a restaurant limits themselves to doing one thing and doing it really well. Because Smoke is essentially only tacos and a handful of Tex-Mex appetizers I was seriously excited for this meal. But I dunno man, I'm not feelin' it. The fact that the tortillas at Smoke are unorthodox--each taco comes wrapped in one thick flour tortilla, similar in density and texture to a gyro pita and with the heft of a petite burrito--was an interesting idea, but ultimately wasn't fully realized: the bread was bland, and chewy in a way that when eaten with the contents made everything mushy in your mouth. No crunch, no firmness for contrast. It was sort of like eating taco ice cream. (I know, taco ice cream sounds twisted but possibly delightful, right?) Although I understand they do offer corn tortillas, next time I'll try that.Okay, enough about bread texture, on to fillings. We tried four different tacos (ribs, pork, chicken apple bacon, and brisket) and all of them were forgettable. That's sad! That's so sad. A taco is basically just filling wrapped in an edible napkin, so you gotta make your filling sing! I don't even have a specific criticism of the seasoning it was so meek and unobtrusive.  Tex-Mex is about bold flavors, and an interesting fusion of culinary classes and cultures, but taken as a whole this place felt like the chef was too apprehensive to unleash some Lone-Star-State-inspired fury on us. But we're tough, we can take it. Rant over. We also had the Frito pie (can I say? I really like a restaurant putting Frito pie on the menu). I've had Frito pie in people's houses smothered in canned chili and Kraft American cheese that was delicious (no lie); this Frito pie was not like that. This had a stewed tomato topping that was, alas, also lacking in any real kick or memorable flavor. I *was* charmed by their Mexcian Coke in glass bottles, but deeply regret not trying the horchata. But you gotta love a mom and pop outfit, and judging by some of the more creative offerings (BLTaco) on the menu, I think there could be good things in the future. They just need mas fuego.
4	I don't feel like I can add much more to everyone's reviews which is why I hadn't written mine until now! I guess I agree with the rest of Pittsburgh that these tacos are pretty much amazing. I got both brisket and pork and was equally obsessed with each. I also had the mac & cheese, which was good but...after reading all the reviews about how "SOOO GOOD" the mac & cheese was, I was a little sad that it was not the best thing I put in my mouth ever. In fact, it weirdly tastes a lot like the alfredo sauce I make from scratch. I actually kind of wished I hadn't ordered it because I couldn't finish both of my tacos after stuffing myself with cheesy noodles! The brisket taco in particular had a massive portion of meat. Which is awesome, don't get me wrong, I was just sad that I couldn't finish everything on my plate! Next time I'd probably skip the sides so I can savor the tacos.Mentioning the beverages here is very important because I love love love horchata. I was dead set on ordering horchata until I was told that the agua fresca that day was CANTALOUPE. Cantaloupe is my favorite fruit, and I actually have been craving cantaloupe juice lately and do not own a juicer or even a blender (I know, I need to get on that). So yeah, I got the agua fresca. Worth it, but still craving horchata pretty hard. Round two will commence ASAP.I planned to be here for a long time--maybe the entire day?--after reading all the horror stories related to the wait time. Suprisingly, service was pretty fast when we were in there with three other parties of two. Perhaps they've gotten this under control...or we got lucky.
4	I visited Smoke for carry-out a couple months ago, just a bit after they had opened. It seems some of their timing issues have been cleared up, but I did carry-out based on that fact: I will go back to eat in, because it's a cool little spot with a casual environment. Got a chicken taco, veggie taco, and the jalapeno apple slaw. The veggie taco was phenom. I know all you meat-heads out there are giving me the giant WTF face right now, being there is a brisket and a pork taco on the menu, but seriously - this taco was unbelievable. Chicken was good too, but it wasn't the best chicken taco ever. Was just lacking a little kick, I think. The slaw was great - good blend of vingear and cream, just the right amount of jalapeno, and little chunks of apple. I ended up putting this on a turkey sammich I made the next day for lunch and it made a tasty combo. I see there's now a potato salad on the menu too, in addition to some 'specialty' tacos ... looks like I'll be back soon and maybe with a few Sol to wash it all down!
5	This place haunts my dreams, in a good way of course. It is honestly the best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh, and probably up there in the top 10 of my life. Now, Mexican is not my usual go-to food, but I will go to this place every time it is an option! It especially gets points from me for their mac & cheese and location! Way to try and revive a part of town that needs help!!
2	For a second, I though I was in the incorrect place based on all the 5 star reviews but after eating at Smoke TWICE, I now feel ready to give an honest review.I love, love, love getting my taco on, and couldn't wait to sink my teeth into a little Mexicali taco-action. The seating is very sparse and dark. But, its very cool because it is a historical landmark! I guess when I think taqueria, I think brighter colors and more seating. At least perhaps they should put some artwork on the walls? There are only 3 tables, one of which is very large. A lot of unused negative space. The tacos were good, but I guess I don't get the hysteria? The Chicken Apple taco was good, but dry. Same thing with my veggie taco-- dry, dry. I asked for extra avocado, which was a kinda bland cream with no flavor. I mean, I love avocado cream and Mexican cheese but it seemed like they missed the mark.And....where was the cilantro? Or fresh, homemade salsa?I know that the focus is more on the "smoke" BBQ aspect, but "taqueria" is misleading. I also wanted the inside to smell like a BBQ, and it did not. And for a small taco wrapped in foil with no plate or silverware it is a tad overpriced. I may return, but I would not use Smoke as an example of how we do tacos to out of town guests. Oh, and it is CASH only. Annoying to me, since I never carry cash, but it seems pretty common in the 'burgh so, OK.
5	I felt compelled to write this review to clear up a few questions about this gem of a restaurant. I started coming in early June and have been a regular ever since. I have become friendly with the owners and have taken the time to find out a few things about the restaurant. First, they only have three tables. At this time, they are only licensed as a carry out establishment. Their carry out license included an allowance of seating for ten people to eat in. When they are able to expand and install another bathroom, they will be able to get a license to become a "sit down" restaurant and even apply for a liquor license. Unfortunately, these things take time and money. I know that it's in the works and continued patronage from those of us that love the place will make it happen sooner. Second, good food can take time. I've had my food come out in a matter of minutes and I've also had it take close to an hour. It really all depends on how busy they are. These are not "assembly line" tacos. When any restaurant is busy, it can take longer to get your food. I know that they do quite a bit of carry out business and sometimes they are making food for the customers that are eating in AND carry out. They take great pride in the food they serve and I hope they never sacrifice the quality of the product to make it "faster". I would suggest calling ahead if you are in a hurry. It's always worked for me. Last, for those looking for "authentic Mexican", you'll be disappointed. You won't get chips and salsa, rice and refried beans, or burritos. What you will get is an outstanding taco with barbecue with a Mexican street food flair. It's not fancy, it's just good. I don't need fancy plates for that. Like I said, the place is a gem and I encourage them to keep up the good work.
4	Stopped again today for lunch.   Had the chicken and brisket tacos.   (I was smart enough to order one of each!)   Excellent!
5	I can't stop eating this place.The BBQ is amazing - from chicken to brisket to ribs to pork.  It all melts in your mouth.  And the combination of flavors that are being assembled in each taco... to die for.This is the new "I'm going to impress Pittsburgh visitors with a trendy local place that has out of this world food" location.OK, ok - so there aren't a lot of chairs.  And I hear that some folks have experienced super-long wait time.  Whatever... this food is worth it.  Plus, I just go between 2pm and 5pm and there's never a problem (longest I've waited is about 15 minutes).Here's how to do it right: assemble your crew at Smoke (between 2 and 5 people, I would recommend) and designate representatives to hold the fort/wait for a table and designate others to walk two blocks to the bar and get beers.  I recommend the bar that is just on the Homestead side of the train tracks (across from the Waterfront).  They have a great selection.Drink said beers while waiting then you won't be all grouchy about it.When ordering: GET EVERYTHING and SHARE.  Get the Frito Pie.  Get the jalepeno apple slaw.  Get the mac and cheese.  Get the beans.  DO IT.  Plus, get about 2 tacos per person.  You will be stuffed to the gills, but you will be happy.  (Note my motto: living the gluttonous life)For spice lovers, get the brisket.  Fresh jalepeno slices and melt-in-your-mouth brisket.  (In your best Homer Simpson voice: mmmm.... brisket).For a more mild flavor experience, get the chicken and apple.  They cure their own bacon for crying out loud and it's all in there!I could go on... but I won't.  Just get your butt there!And pick me up a taco while you're at it.
3	We finally made it out to Smoke this week and were definitely pleased with our experience. For starters we split the black beans and slaw. The beans had a nice touch of heat to them, the apples in the slaw lent it a crisp, sweet touch which was very nice but overall it lacked seasoning. My veggie taco was tasty, I loved that they used corn right off the cob! It gave a nice crunch to every bite, but I was expecting the tortilla to be life altering based on all the homemade hype, honestly I couldn't tell the difference between them and store bought. JB ordered the chicken apple and, at the recommendation of our server, the Philly and enjoyed both of them equally. The ingredients were fresh, service was great, the wait wasn't as long as we anticipated but after discussing our experience at Smoke versus other places we've been, we concluded that Yo Rita! has a better grasp on distinct flavors.
4	This place is adorable and everything is so good! I have yet to be disappointed, in fact I'm here for the second time in a week I love it so much!!  The food takes a LONG time though, because it is so fresh.  The drinks are slightly overpriced, but overall it is great!!
5	Very impressive. Tacos were delicious. The mac n cheese was possibly the best ive had in a long time. My head almost exploded.
3	I've been wanting to try this place for months, and finally made it the whole way over the Waterfront over the weekend.  I was not disappointed, thought in all honesty I was expecting more.Smoke's menu is meat-forward, and includes most of the items you'd expect to find in a BBQ joint...in a taco.  The meat is most & flavorful, and has most definitely been smoked.  I think my rub with this place is that they rely on the meat too much, and don't try to dress up the tacos much at all.  I feel like they should stick with the BBQ theme and dress the tacos as such, or go the "gourmet" taco theme, and do some really good pairings with their toppings.  They do neither, and that fell a bit flat for me, considering there competition in Pittsburgh.  I tried pork, brisket, & vegetarian + chicken tacos.  The pork was far & away the best; it had that slight crunch that a good carnitas should have.  The brisket was good  but needed jazzed up a bit more, and the vegetarian/chicken was mostly beans & corn with some chicken on top.  If the tacos were $3 each, I'd like this place a lot more.  For $4-$6, I think they're too expensive for what you get...layer the flavors like they do at Round Corner or Yo Ritas, or drop the price down to a range that makes them a good value for the money.  I will go back & try it again; we were there closer to closing time.  The owner is super friendly and I hope this place does really well, I just think they need to tweak their menu a bit more, as in theory I love the concept.
4	With cash in hand, we finally made it out to Smoke. When we popped in around 8pm, the wait was around 20-30 minutes which wasn't bad as there were quite a few people who came in after and their wait was about an hour and some. Due to Smoke's low number of tables, we shared with another couple.For starters, we ordered the mac n cheese and cole slaw. I like a little heat so the cole slaw was delicious with the jalapenos; and the mac n cheese had some strong flavors though the sauce appeared a bit more liquidity than one would think but we ate all of it cause it tasted yummy. Then I had a veggie and chorico taco. The veggie like the slaw had a kick which was my favorite. The chorizo did not have much flavor to me. I also tried to order a agua fresco but they were out so ordered a lemonade which was quite satisfying. The horchata was wonderful too. The staff were incredibly friendly and the prices reasonable so we will be back here with beer since its BYOB.
3	This is the 2nd time I have been here.  The first time, I showed up and they were closed.  No sign in the window of hours.  I decided I wasn't coming back.  Miriam convinced me to return.  I was encouraged by all the good reviews as well.We were greeted and sat by the owner.  She was really charming and friendly.  I ordered the rib taco and the veggie taco for which I added chicken.  They come with hand made flour tortillas.  I really prefer corn and expected to be disappointed but they were pretty good.  I still think that corn is better for you and better tasting.  I don't like over the top spicy.  The kind that makes you sweat and your mouth burn uncomfortably.  She told us the only one that was spicy was the chicken.  Don't believe her.  They're all spicy.  These two were a good spicy but almost too much for me.  Especially since I wasn't really expecting it.The rib taco was really nice.  It was smoky, tangy, with pickles.  A little sweet but really pretty tasty.  The veggie was equally satisfying with corn and poblanos.  I liked these.  With a couple mango drinks and my wife's order of another taco and a side of beans the total was $24.00 and I was still hungry.  No judgement here, it's all quality food but you decide.I would have given it 3.5 if I could have because it's better than a 3 and they're really making a concerted effort here to get it right.  They even posted hours on the door!!!!
3	Smoke and I got off to a bit of a rocky start, as I made my initial pilgrimage there months ago only to find them closed, when the hours posted plainly said they were open. So they violated rule number one of The Good Restaurant Code, which is "be open when you say you will be", but I got over it and had lunch there yesterday. My first thought upon entering was that the place smelled heavenly. Nothing stimulates my appetitie like the aroma of smoked meats. My second thought was that I liked the decor, which is minimal but inviting, and my third was that, while they have space for more tables, there are only three, plus a couple of bar stools at the counter in back. The reason for that, I learned, is that they need to add another bathroom before they can add more tables. Damn health codes. The menu is brief and to the point. They make smoked meat tacos here, and they offer a few sides to go with your tacos. They also make their own flour tortillas. I find flour tortillas to be bland and uninteresting, so I don't get why they don't make corn tortillas instead, as corn are so much more flavorful. The woman who waited on us offered to make me corn tortillas, which was very nice, but I went with their original because I knew I'd be reviewing the place and wanted to try the house specialty. So I went for the pork taco with a side of pinto beans and the mango agua fresca. The agua fresca didn't taste much of mango, and was a tad too sweet, but I liked the lime zest floating on the top. The pulled pork taco was good, with meltingly caramelized onions that added sweetness and a spicy/sweet salsa that brought plenty of heat and flavor. I was looking for more smoke to the pork, but that's my only gripe. The flour tortilla was actually pretty good. I'm still not a big fan, but you can tell that these are homemade. The pinto beans are made with beer and had too much of that going on. My three star rating means I'll be going back to try more.
5	Migas with bacon!
4	A wonderful combination of smoked meats on fresh made tortillas, nicely creative additions to traditional toppings.  Smoke was busy but we were able to get a table after a short wait.   Warning to those at one table with the old front porch metal chairs, several people did not sit back or hold the handles when sitting down and ended up on the floor...not good...no injuries.  Was not real hungry so skipped the snacks.  The Agua Fresca - Raspberry is so refreshing.  Who needs a beer with my Taco when you can have the sweet agua fresca?  It is BYOB and most do!Tasted the pork taco with a sweet-spicy apricot habanero sauce & caramelized onions topped with cilantro and the Wagyu brisket had a hot flavor due to the sauteed onion, hot peppers & mustard sauce topped with cilantro.  The contrast in styles was wonderful.  The meat was tender and smoky tasting.  The tortilla's were good but did not add much flavor; wondering what it would be like on a corn tortilla.  We shared one side of some of the most delicious mac & cheese..yum to the sharp cheese flavor.  Some of the other sides sound very appetizing, will have to give them a try next time.Wait staff was very good, helpful, would stop by and check on us and refill water and agua fresca.Remember:  Cash only!                        BYOB!
3	This place is kind of a disappointment. My expectations were a little too high. I expected something better and more quality - esp since I'm paying big bucks for this small taco and sides. The place is small and very limited in space. It's BYOB so that's fun, for $2.50 a person - you can decide if it's worth that much. Tortilla seems homemade - it tasted soft with a good tortilla texture. The apricot habenero pork was delicious. The ribs - weren't so much. It tasted not as flavorful as the pork with habenero - maybe because the kick of the spice over powered the ribs. Mac & Cheese - it was just okay - too cheesy and a little bitter tasting. The Mac&Cheese at Cioppino's is WAY better.Apple Salad - decent - was not bad. Just cole slaw with apples and jalepenos.P.S. Be careful of their chairs. People seemed to fall out of them upon seating because they were so old. and fragile.Overall - Not worth $4 a taco.
2	I'm not even sure where to start. We got to Smoke on a friday night at 7:15 and were told that it would be a half hour wait - not a big deal. We went to a nearby bar to pass the time and at 9:15 - 2 HOURS later - my boo got a call saying our table was ready. That actually wasn't what made me dislike this place, we were actually nicely buzzed, in a good mood and ready to eat. We ordered the veggie tacos and the mac and cheese to share and this is where I got mad. After 15 minutes of waiting for our food, the mac and cheese was cold and hard. Our fault for waiting around to eat here but NOT okay that our food was cold. Our waitress was slow and apathetic about everything. So over this place and the hype surrounding it. We will def not be back.
4	Let me reiterate that I am a HUGE fan of mexican food in ALL forms. That being said, I think Smoke is fantastic and unique. There are many non-traditional Mexican places in PGH these days and I think they've done a great job. Super cute with only about 3 or 4 tables, + some "bar" seating, it gives it a nice intimate feel. My dining partner and I were greeted warmly by the staff and seated at the bar on a Tuesday night with no wait. Since it's BYOB, we had brought Coronas which they provided a bottle opener and limes for. After much debate, I settled on the chicken apple taco and the chorizo taco, in addition to sharing some mac n cheese (plain version). The mac n cheese was very tasty, but not the best I've had. It had some sharp cheese sprinkled atop though, which gave it a lil bit of a kick which I loved. I think getting it with bacon the next time might be the right way to go. They cure their own bacon there which was in my chicken apple taco and it was DEVINE. I normally shy away from something like fruit in a savory taco, but it definitely worked. The chorizo was tasty as well, but wasn't too out of the ordinary. It had some spice to it, but wasn't overwhelming.Overall I had a great time at Smoke and will definitely return to taste more! The casual atmosphere and friendly staff make a great addition to the budding business district in Homestead. Just remember to stop at the ATM beforehand because they are cash only. :)
4	The tortillas were fresh and delicious.  They reminded me of the style and consistency of the local vendors in Arizona.  I was fairly disappointed with the Frito Pie.  I would suggest an alternative appetizer if you are looking for one.  It just didn't taste like any part of it was unique, inspired, or really anything different than you could make at home better yourself.The tacos were very good, but hit or miss.  We had a daily special taco with strawberries, chicken, and a balsamic reduction that tasted like 1/2 taco 1/2 crepe.  It was amazing!  The chorizo taco was missing something.  It wasn't juicy or very flavorful.  Maybe more salsa or some avocado/guac and cilantro/lime?  I got the smoked pork taco with that amazingly fresh, red, and creamy hot sauce.  I LOVE good got sauce and this was excellent!  It packs a punch too (habanero, I think) so watch out.I'm hopeful that this place will stick around and continue to improve.  I really like the concept and menu, and I hope they continue to thrive.
4	I've only been to Smoke once, and I'm already looking forward to going back. The tortillas alone are worth the trip! They make them in-house and I'm guessing it's their use of buttermilk (so I've heard) that gives them an incredible flavor and texture. I've also heard that if you're a vegan and you know you'll be going, call a day ahead, and they'll make you vegan corn tortillas, as well. One thing you don't need to worry about? The tortillas falling apart!The atmosphere is really quaint and chill - almost coffee shop-esque - and the staff is almost TOO nice. It's cash only, so come prepared, but there's an ATM for those who don't know.I ordered four different tacos, the mac and cheese, and fritos with queso. I also ate a BLT taco that my wife couldn't eat. Yes, I went a little overboard, but I wanted to taste as much as my stomach could handle on the first trip. There was a nice variety of flavor in each taco, and the prices were reasonable. My only complaint was that the pork and the brisket were a little dry (overcooked, perhaps?), but I need to go back to see if that's an anomaly since I've only heard great things about the brisket. The mac & cheese was good, but we didn't really eat a lot of it and focused more on the tacos. The fritos were literally Fritos, but the queso was really good. Different than your typical queso, but good.Overall, you can't go wrong with giving Smoke a try. There aren't a lot of places these days that are doing this good of a job of combining great service, good food, and a positive vibe.
5	This may be the best food in Pittsburgh. No jive.Floating somewhere between the street-vendor style of Reyna's and the "fancy tacos" of Yo Rita, Smoke manages to perfectly balance their ingredients so they meld into one singular flavor of awesome - ably claiming their rightful place as Best Tacos in the CIty.In fact, I'm going to stop writing this so I can go back and get more tacos.
4	This is probably my favorite restaurant in or around Pittsburgh right now, certainly for the price. But it's too bad they aren't especially veg. friendly, bc that means I can only ever go by myself.  Anything with their house made bacon in it is amazing. Pinto beans and potato salad are my favorite sides. Rib and brisket are my favorite tacos. Spread the word. No one in Pgh is doing BBQ this well.
2	I don't know if I would classify this as "Mexican", I think Mexicans would be really insulted!  I was excited to try this place especially as I stepped foot into this quaint little place that had the scent of barbecue sauce in the air.  The anticipation was growing as our very friendly waiter told us the specials and we tasted their excellent SPECIAL DRINK OF THE DAY (aqua fresco with wild cherry juice), definitely the star of the meal!Then...wait...wait...wait some more...and finally the food comes!  WING SPECIAL - was too salty, even for my date who has a high salt thresholdPORK and CHICKEN TACO - skimpy toppings, very small for what they cost, nothing to write home aboutJALAPENO APPLE SLAW - a good complement to the mealIn summary, it has a good location close to the movie theatre, friendly attentive waiters, excellent drinks, and I really was taken by the barbecue sauce smell in the air.  BUT the slowwwwww service (c'mon, it's just tacos) and the small ho-hum tacos make a TACO TRUCK look miles better.
3	The food was fantastic. My main problems with this place is the atmosphere and the up-charges. $2 for a drink refill? C'mon...
5	I love Smoke! It has become one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. The food is inexpensive and so tasty. The egg taco is especially good. Seriously, go to Smoke and support a great local business. So good.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Frescas, salads, tacos, bacon, BYOB. Yum! The staff is awesome. I've been here several times and I think about the BLT taco in between. Love their breakfast tacos, the brisket taco, BBQ taco, queso with FRITOS!... actually I've seriously loved everything I've gotten here. And while I love food, and can be easily amused, Smoke continues to enthrall me time after time.
4	Yeah I can definitely get into this joint. I loved everything about it. I like the laid back feel of it, the simplicity of the menu and of course the food. We took it easy or so we thought but the tacos turned out to be bigger than what I had thought, they were a nice size for their price but the taste was even larger. Right in line with what everyone else has been saying, great joint with great service and excellent tacos. I like the BYOB option, $2.50/person. I also tried the macaroni and cheese which was extremely flavorful as well. I'll be back sooner rather than later.
4	I love the simplicity of the menu, they don't have a bunch of food, they just do what they have very, very well. The staff is extremely welcoming and helpful with recommendations, and is honest without being pushy. The chicken taco was out of this world, I would highly recommend it. My dining accomplice had the brisket, which was also excellent. Basically anything you get on this menu is almost sure to please. Good Mexican food is becoming more ubiquitous in the city, and this is a key addition to this all important (in my mind) cuisine.
4	This place is awesome. They have some of the best gourmet tacos you will experience anywhere. If you go you have to try the Chicken Apple and the Rib taco's they are beyond amazing.i only give it 4 stars because I feel it's expensive. 4-5 for one taco and they really aren't that big. I would probably need 3 of them to feel full but that would make for a $15 dollar lunch/dinner. Even though they are expensive they are ridiculously good. You have to try this place at least once because once you do you will be hooked. You might have to save your pennies to get a might meal out of it but man it is worth it.
5	Met friends on a weeknight and arrived at 6:30pm.  We got a table no problem but this place fills up fast.  BYOB per person corkage fee.  The menu has soft tacos you have never dreamed of so keep an open mind.  Every taco is great and some were downright awesome.  All meats are marinated and smoke on site.  A perfect place for gourmet tacos at an inexpensive price.  Great atmosphere, great music played all night.  Definitely coming back as this place is a gem!
4	I like this place. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and checked in often. The space has some funky details. The duck quesadilla was terrific. As well was the pork taco. The queso was so-so. Definitely going back. The best place to eat when going to a movie at the waterfront. BYOB.
4	I use Yelp to find restaurants that are good and that I would normally not stumble upon. To pay it forward, I'm compelled to let everyone know about Smoke in Homestead. It's a cool little place tucked away behind the monster of the Waterfront. We had  chicken, brisket, pork, and chorizo tacos, all were very good with distict flavors and combinations. A little on the small side though, I would need at least two to feel satisfied. The mac and cheese side is outrageous! Seriously, just get it, that's all I'm saying. The apple jalapeno slaw is also fresh and tasty. The horchata and aqua fresca are made fresh and are a nice departure from "mexican Coke", which is so played out anyway.It's worth the trip, the staff is cool and the food is perfect. Look at 4-6 for each taco, and try some drinks.
5	Just wrote a review raving about Station Street Hot Dog's new taco menu, and it occured to me how unfaithful I've been to Smoke. While I do love SS's tacos, you will always hold a special place in my heart. I cannot say yours are better or worse, just different, and you will always be my favorite spot for some delicious take-home tacos. I love you. Please don't hold this against me. Your tacos are as good as Station Street and you deserve better than my taco infidelity. I promise to love you both equally from her on out. Much love. DHActually have only gotten take-out from here. Always been fantastic. Think I'll stop in tonight!
2	I thought I left a review years ago when they were relatively new because my husband and I were very impressed by their food. We loved it.Then we went back last night. They got rid of their Frito Pies and also their chili. Ok, no problem. My husband ordered a pork and ribs tacos, I ordered two veggie tacos. Let me explain something: their veggie tacos were so delicious the first two times we went there years ago, full of flavor, full of ingredients, potatoes, peppers, corn, beans, onions, tomatoes, I can't even remember what else they had. Yesterday I received two veggie tacos filled with beans and corn and sauce. I was so disappointed. The size of my tacos were a lot smaller (the price stayed the same $3) I was not satisfied with the food, nor was my husband. We also ordered Queso, which is a bowl of fritos and another bowl of liquid cheese with some diced tomatoes, new in their menu and very messy. BYOB is $2.50 per person.They added more tables and now they also have waitresses. For a Saturday night this place wasn't busy at all. This is sad, we thought this was the best place in Pgh to get tacos.By the way, this is not Mexican food. The owner is from Texas so this is tex-mex, don't expect authentic Mexican food.
3	After spending three hours in Frick Park on a Sunday, my hiking buddy suggested that we head over to Smoke.  My buddy had been to Smoke about about a dozen times and was shocked that I'd never been considering my love of tacos.We ate at the "bar" (quotations because there was no alcohol service) since there were a couple families taking up the tables.  I tried both of the chicken tacos and I was warned they would be spicy--they weren't, unless you count about 4 cilantro leaves as spicy.  Meh.  The chicken was pretty underwhelming in flavor and the lack of kick to the taco was a disappointment.  The mac & cheese, however, was quite tasty.While the price of $4-5 a taco seems like a deal, the tacos are pretty small.  Most people would need two tacos and a side.  Combined with the unimaginative chicken, I felt like I overpaid for what I could have just whipped up in 20 minutes or less for a fraction of the cost in my own kitchen...and actually have used some spices.The pluses were the service--very attentive and friendly--and the industrial chic decor.  I'd try it again since I've heard good things about the other tacos, but the chicken just didn't do it for me. FYI, CASH ONLY.
5	Food, so good. It's tiny and they need more tables but they found us room and it was delicious. We shall return. And BYOB too. Everything we had was delicious, the environment was fun, and the staff was real friendly and a delight to be with. I definitely recommend this place to all.
5	Fantastic.  I had 2 tacos, Waygu Brisket, and a Ribs.  Fantastic flavor and good value for the price
4	Real mexican food in the Pittsburgh area! Ah! I feel in love the minute I saw special agua frescas on the menu. And extra points goes to Smoke for moving into a neighborhood that is trying to revitalize itself. Do yourself, Smoke owners, AND Homestead a favor, try not to be a food snob, and try some amazing tacos!
4	Smoke is different... No Credit cards, no alcohol, very small (6 tables), very limited menu 5, and located in Homestead (aka on on island). The only way to end up here is to go out of your way to do so which is why Smoke works so hard to deliver when you do there. I would classify Smoke as a small plate restaurant serving specialized taco's (BLT, Ribs, Apple Bacon), a few well made side dishes (mac & cheese, Apple Slaw), and super fresh drinks like Aqua Fresca and Horchata. The wait was 25 minutes which was fine, the service was friendly, and everything we ordered was delicious.Is the best tacos in town? No, but it is on the top ten list and is definitely worth the drive.
4	I have been here twice now and loved it both times.  Not quite the best taco I have ever had, that distinction remains my own carnitas tacos with mango and cilantro salsa, fresh red onion pickles on handmade fresh toasted corn tortillas.  Anyway, I haven't had a taco here that I wouldn't eat again.  And the cheese dip is good too but oh so rich.Super fast and not too expensive. Very friendly.
4	Amazing Mac and cheese and burritos. You have to patiently wait for a table to open up, but after you get your seat, let the feasting begin.
5	Best tacos I've ever had in my life. Tried the chicken apple and pork. Delicious. I will be coming back many times.
5	A Gem!Smoke is one of those places I would have never, ever found or had the pleasure of trying if it weren't for a friend's suggestion. Unless you are looking for it, you're likely to pass it by as it is tucked into a strip of shops in Homestead. This place is just plain different, and it's oh so refreshing. The restaurant is small and intimate, yet relaxed and extremely laid back. You'll notice that everything is fresh made, and as the small menu explains, tortillas are never over a day old.After taking a seat at the small bar and looking over the menu, I ordered a Chicken Apple taco and  a Pork taco, as well as a Queso appetizer. To drink, I got a fresh squeezed lemonade--which I can say may just be the best lemonade I ever had.The tacos arrived simply wrapped in foil. Unwrapping them revealed a thick, fresh, soft tortilla shell filled with the taco ordered. The chicken apple taco came with bacon and a semi-spicy jalepeno ranch sauce-- fantastic. The pork taco was spicier and was my favorite of the two. But, trying to chose which taco is a favorite is like picking your favorite child. They were both top notch.Another quirk of Smoke is that they only accept cash, which is cool by me and adds to the intimate experience. Have no fear though, there is an ATM on-site.In conclusion, I couldn't recommend Smoke more. It will become a mainstay on my dining plan whenever I am in town and I'll encourage friends, family and strangers alike to check it out!
5	If I would give this place 10 stars I would.  While I've enjoyed my time in Pittsburgh, Mexican food is not a strong point of this city.  Smoke gives me that great down-south feeling, like I'm back in the dirty-third (Houston, Texas for the uninformed).  I love it.The menu is simple, the prices are cheap, the food presentation is bare bones, the execution is tremendous.  Breakfast tacos available for dinner?  Amazing.  The veggie tacos are fantastic as well.  The selection of sauces is fantastic, not to mention sufficiently spicy for one with a seemingly desensitized mucosal lining.  Fantastic drink choices abound including horchata. What is perhaps the best part of this restaurant is the pricing!  So cheap, especially when considering the high quality food you're getting.  Don't forget to order up some Mac n Cheese.  While not Mexican, it's comfort food that is well done and well worth it.  My only critique about this place is that I've been meaning to eat here for damn near 6 months but the only time I've actually been successful despite numerous attempts was on a weekday at 5:30 PM.  They don't take reservations, and frankly it's a pain in the tush to have to wait for over an hour in homestead waiting for a seat.  They really need to take reservations because this wait thing has completely gotten out of hand.  Do yourself a favor and go during an off-peak hour.
5	Smoke is easily the best casual restaurant in the Pittsburgh area.  Let's get a few things out of the way.  This isn't a Mexican taco place.  The flour tortilla is only a vehicle to get the array of smoked meats into your mouth. So you SoCal kids looking for a delicate corn tortilla can quit now.  Smoke is its own genre.Yes it is small and sometimes slow. Suck it up, good things come to those who wait. They don't take reservations but here is a tip. Go put your name in and then walk around corner to Blue Dust and have a drink. Smoke will call your cell when a table is ready. Bring cash and your own booze. They have fresh margarita mixers so half a bottle of tequila is a good addition. If booze isn't your style, try the horchata.My favorite is the rib taco. I liken it to a McRib sandwich with great ingredients. The brisket, chicken apple, veggie and BLT are all standouts.  One of the best things on the menu is the breakfast taco. Served all day, it is great anytime and you can add a meat of your choice to it.  One of the secrets of smoke is the wings. They are only available on Thursdays and they run out, but man oh man are they amazing. Smoked then fried, these are spicy and awesome.If you are really lucky you will be there on a day that someone has baked. The chocolate brownie with peanut butter marscapone frosting are amazeballs!
5	I've been eating tacos from Smoke on a fairly regular basis since a few weeks after they opened, and there's a reason. All of the staff are incredibly friendly, the atmosphere is great (especially now that they have more than three tables in the restaurant!), and (most importantly) the food is *amazing*.Now, I feel like there's two distinct types of restaurants that I expected Smoke to fall into when first visiting - the cheap-but-authentic-and-delicious category (Reyna's is my go-to for this), or the lets-try-something-new-and-its-amazing category. This restaurant definitely fits the latter, and does so extremely well. My typical order here is the Chicken Apple Bacon taco and a BLT taco - one of each is definitely enough to fill me up. It's not your traditional Mexican fare, but don't worry - it's unique, and it's awesome. The freshness of the ingredients is readily apparent, with homemade tortillas and the restaurant often smelling of various delicious smoked meat aromas at lunchtime.Be sure to check their Facebook page before going, or at least ask about the specials once you're at the restaurant. There's some pretty interesting and delicious things they come up with here that they'll offer for a limited time.If I had to find just one fault, it would probably be the prices, but this is definitely an instance of paying for quality and it's certainly not worth taking stars off over. My order of two tacos plus a horchata comes out over $10, and the restaurant does have a cash-only policy (they've installed an ATM on site if you don't have cash on hand).One last tip - if you're on a schedule (as I often am, driving here on my lunch break), they do take orders over the phone and via email. Going in to sit down has taken quite some time in the past, but I don't fault them for it... this place gets busy, and that's for a reason.
5	I think this is one of the best places to get tacos in the city. They are very rich and tasty. I love the food here! Nice atmosphere/decor and friendly staff. Be warned this is a cash only place. Service can be on the slows side- I wouldn't come here if I was in a hurry. They recycle which is a plus.
5	Fabulous place near The Waterfront on E 8th Ave. It smells like haven when you walk in, smoking meat and bacon. The tacos and sides are fabulous. The horchata and agua fresca are refreshing. The mac and cheese side dish is amazing. On Wednesdays, they have a special, varying mac and cheese. The potato and bacon side dish is also fabulous. Although it doesn't look as if I'm eating much, I'm always pretty full when I leave this place. It's cash only. I usually spend around $20 for a taco, side, drink with refill and tip. Great place, friendly service.
5	As a born-and-raised Texan, here is the highest praise I can give without hyperbole: Smoke makes hands down the best tacos I have ever had, anywhere. Yes, you heard me: a little taco joint in Pittsburgh, PA makes better tacos than I have ever had in thirty years of living in Texas, Mexico and California. It's all of the flavors of Texas BBQ and Tex-Mex combined and executed in a way that actually surpasses the real deal. If Smoke were to open up a location off East 6th Street in Austin, they would have lines out the door in the first week. It's that good.In my mind, there are three 'staple' items on the menu: the brisket taco, the pork taco, and the ribs taco. Each brings unique flavors and varying amounts of heat, but the meat in each taco is consistently smoked to perfection in a way that could go head-to-head with any of the best BBQ in Texas. The house-made sauces and fresh toppings perfectly accent the flavors in the meat, and they're wrapped up in some of the best hand-made flour tortillas I've ever had. Some people complain that their tacos are expensive, but in my mind they are worth every penny because every menu item is made from scratch (and they taste like it.)Their other menu items range from superb -- the daily aguafrescas, their "available if we made some that day" desserts and the Thursday-only hot wings -- to the occasional special that misses the mark (though I applaud them for trying new things, especially when the "staples" have been so consistently good since day one.) One item that I didn't like the first time I had it but eventually grew on me was the queso: as long as you can discard your idea of what chips and queso should be, it's an incredibly tasty take on chips and cheese that bears no resemblance to "typical" Tex-Mex orange queso.Any problems I've had with Smoke were solely due to their popularity; never the food or the staff. If you're planning a visit, get there early or go during off-hours, because it is a small place and has become increasingly popular with the hipster crowd (as small places cranking out awesome food tend to.) Even if you can get a seat, the amount of labor that goes into each dish means that you could be waiting quite a while for your food if there's a large party ahead of you. Also, considering how they have to smoke the meat for about a day before serving it, they do sometimes run out of some kinds of tacos.I recently moved away from Pittsburgh, and if I could take one restaurant with me, it would be Smoke. Smoke reminds me of home, while being superior to anything I ever had there. If you are a fan of Texas-style BBQ, tacos, or just awesome food in general; I recommend Smoke without hesitation. Easily the best restaurant in Pittsburgh, and quite possibly my favorite restaurant anywhere.
5	Great, great, GREAT food!  The macaroni and cheese is evil and must be eaten quickly so it does not take over the world.  Oh it is SO good!  I've had the brisket taco, the rib taco, the wings that are only available Thursdays, and the queso with chorizo.  I would order and enjoy everything again.  Great little gem by the Waterfront.
5	Simply outstanding. I had one rib and one pork taco with a helping of mac 'n cheese. The rib taco was fantastic with just enough smoke flavor and heat. The pork was tender and delicious, but comes without the pickle dressing which really enhanced the rib taco. The mac 'n cheese was as good as I've tasted anywhere. This isn't a fast food place and the tacos are made to order. All smoking is done in the kitchen. A real treat and a surprise to find in Homestead! If I lived in Pgh I'd be here at least once a week!
5	Great find thanks to Yelp. It is our go to place before a show at the Improv. Great atmosphere and even better food. Tacos are not that big so most people would need at least two. They have some good sides and salads as well.
4	While the food was absolutely delicious, the service was a bit slow. I think this is because they very clearly cook everything fresh and to order. That's great, but I just wish they could find a way to serve the food a little faster. That being said, the food was awesome!I ordered the duck appetizer with the orange ginger sauce on the side. I also got a chorizo taco and added avocado cream. The chorizo taco was just the right amount of spice...not overpowering, but a little bit of a kick to it. The taco was a perfect little size, with plenty of flavor. It was served rolled up in tin foil. The duck appetizer was also delicious...and the sauce was the perfect accompaniment. Just those two things alone made up my meal. It wasn't a huge stuff your face meal, but it hit the spot. It was about 11 bucks for those two items. I did not try any agua fresca and am regretting it because it looked very refreshing and good.I'd definitely go back, even though it was a tiny restaurant, the location is odd, and the service was not all that speedy. I hope to see the restaurant expand and make some improvements in the kitchen.
4	I stopped by here this past Friday evening with my fiance and 5 other dining companions.  We had tried to set up reservations a few weeks in advance but were told to call that night for a type of call ahead seating.  They quoted us about 45 minutes to an hour over the phone and we arrived about a 30 minutes after that.  As soon as we entered the restaurant and saw people with a cooler, I realized that it was BYOB.  Conveniently there is a liquor store about a block away and while I went over there to get a bottle of wine, the rest of my party arrived and were also seated.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of the place as it is done in earthy colors with about 6 tables or so, a bar with the cash register on it and also a set off stairs which seem to be from the days whenever it was probably a house.  One thing to note is that while they have air conditioning inside, I can't say that it was terribly effective on the balmy night that we were there.  While one side of the table had some very cold legs, that was not my side and my back was soaked with sweat by the time that the meal ended.For dinner I decided that I should sample a little bit of a lot of things and so I ordered 3 tacos (rib, chicken and wagyu brisket),  mac n cheese with brisket on top and also ordered one of their homemade hot sauces.  One of our dining companions ordered the queso and chips which came out first and tasted pretty great.  The tortilla chips were clearly homemade and had a nice crisp to them and tasted great dipped into the queso.  I was thankful for those chips as our tacos and other food took a decent amount of time to come out.  My tacos were pretty good with the chicken being my favorite.  It came with pickled onions, avocado and a hot sauce that gave it the perfect tang.  It made me wish that the hot sauce I had ordered was delivered but sadly that was not to be and I never bothered the waitress to end up getting it.  The rib taco was my second favorite with the porter barbeque sauce helping to carry the flavor while the ribs were tender.  Finally my least favorite of the overall enjoyable tacos was the wagyu brisket which came with onions, hot peppers and mustard sauce.  The mac and cheese that I had ordered was good too, especially whenever I got pieces of the brisket with it, otherwise it was a bit bland for my tastes.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be heading back here in the future.  The only drawbacks to the place in my opinion are that it is cash only and has limited seating but that is far outweighed by the positives of friendliness of the staff, it being BYOB with a $3.50 corkage fee and most importantly some awesome food.
4	Smoke is on the top 25 (34) list of the best restaurants in the burgh and it shows. I joined a large group (7 of us) for dinner on a recent Saturday night. We called ahead and were able to get in within about half an hour. Yes, Smoke is on the main road in Homestead. Seems like an odd area but obviously, people still go there. It's a tiny little place so you have to really look to not pass it by. I started my meal with the aqua fresca for the day- watermelon. Yum. Every sip tasted like I was biting into a rip, juicy watermellon on a warm summer day. Speaking of warm, the ventilation is pretty poor. The majority of the table was quite toasty while I was comfortable due to sitting directly on top of the floor vent. The table then shared some chips with queso. The chips were phenomenal.Obviously homemade. The queso didn't do much for me. I felt it as rather plain. It took quite a while to get our tacos. Upwards of 15 minutes. Tacos don't seem to be very time consuming to make . . . Anyway, when our order arrived, I eagerly chomped into my first choice, the chorizo. Chorizo sausage, beans and pico. Holy cow! The temperature in the room just shot up 10 degrees. Now, I am a fan of spice. But, in a moderate to high amount. Not in a "I'd like to burn my lips off today "amount. Despite the almost unbearable heat, I trucked through and finished the entire taco. Once you got past the heat, the flavors were incredible. Only one other person at the table ordered the chorizo and after seeing my reaction, she took some of the peppers off of the taco before she even attempted to eat it. Smart move since she felt that it was hot but in a pleasant way. Not sure if this was a quality control issue or if they really are THAT hot. If that is the case, it should definitely be shown on the menu. My next selection was the chicken taco. Some of the others at the table felt that the chicken was a bit spicy. Seriously? Compared to the chorizo, it was a 2 on a scale of 1-10 where the chorizo was a 15. The avocado seriously cooled down any spice from the hot sauce on the taco. Hubs and I also shared the mac and cheese. I really don't see the appeal. It was creamy, smooth and tasty but it didn't blow my mind like other reviews suggested. When the meal was finished, the waitress gave us all one check. We asked to have it separated and she told us the would take care of it at the register. So, we took turn going up by couple to explain what we got. When all was said and done, they were a bit short but they let it go. I feel like that could have been much easier had we gotten seperate checks by couple. Overall, I might head back to Smoke. My only hesitation comes from my issue with the chorizo taco. The heat was just too much for my body to handle and I ended up feeling sick for several hours. Yes, I know I ate it and I am to blame. But, if it was intended to be that spicy, it should be designated as such on the menu. If it was not supposed to be that spicy, then there is a quality control issue. Regardless, I now have a bad association which tainted my overall experience.
5	OMG!! The reviews were right this place is Awesome!! Everything was great. I had chips & queso, a bfast taco with chorizo, & a brisket taco. Fantastic! Can't wait to go back & try something else awesome.
5	*happydance*  - I have found the yummy!Like a pot o' gold at the end of a rainbow, I have found Smoke.  I usually take pictures of the deliciousness before I indulge, but I couldn't wait to dig in.  The menu isn't huge, but it's fresh and delicious.  I opted for the pork taco with apricot habanero sauce and caramelized onions.  I also selected the jalapeno apple slaw.  A little spice, a little sweet, a little savory... A LOT of yum!!  My boyfriend chose the daily special, Cuban sandwich along with the creamy, ooey, gooey mac n' cheese.  Let's just say I made him "share" his mac :)  Incredibly delicious.  Just writing this makes me want more.When we received the check, my jaw dropped just a little.  It's affordable AND delicious!!  Congratulations, Smoke - you have won over my tastebuds.  I will be back and SOON :)
4	I absolutely loved the food and atmosphere here, but unfortunately I don't think I'll be back because this place was a total hassle to dine at.  It took us three attempts before we were able to eat here.  The first two times the wait was too long for our schedule, which was annoying because the one time we were there during the off hour between lunch and dinner.  When we finally did eat here, they tried to seat us at this long bar but due to back issues I wasn't able to sit on that chair.  There was a larger table empty, but the hostess told us to seat us there we'd have to be prepared for them to seat other people with us.  I could understand that, and this place is so busy bc the food is awesome but for me, it just made my overall dining experience really frustrating and so I'm not going to go out of my way to come back. It was just too frustrating.SO, given we were on what was likely our singular visit to Smoke, I'm glad that my friend and I over estimated how much food we could eat and literally ordered every single taco they had.  You know, to try... so I could yelp! about it!Other Yelp reviews mentioned the service would be slower and the tacos were small.  I found the service was very good, and the tacos were a normal taco size.  The thing is, they are FULL of meat.  They don't look like a lot of food but they are very, very rich and I honestly think I could be satisfied after just one taco and splitting an ap.My favorite taco was either the BLT, or the Rib taco.  The BLT was certainly the LIGHTEST of all the tacos we tried, which was surprising.  The Rib taco was just so savory and amazing...a perflect mix of spicy, sweet, and a little kick.  I loved it.  My bf had the chicken apple bacon taco and he loved it.  I had a few bites and really liked it, but it was very rich.  I had also ordered teh Wagu taco and I took a bite and it was excellent.  I let my bf take a bite of it and his eyes lit up the second he bit into it and he pronounced it the best thing ever.  Who am I to seperate a man from the best thing ever?  So, I pretended I was really full and let him finish it.  So all I know about that taco is that it is very, very good and that I'm pretty sure my bf dreams about it at night.We also split the mac n cheese and it was AMAZING but as it was incredibly rich, I only had a few bites so I could walk out of Smoke without completely loathing myself/weeping for my diet.I think the interior or the restaurant is absolutely adorable.  I would love to come back but again....its just so busy and the waits are always so long.  Maybe if they did take out (they might, I don't know) then I would def be there alll the time getting take out.  No reservations, either.  I highly recommend you try this place.  On a night where you have a lot of free time, and an elastic waist band.
5	I almost want to only give 1 start in hopes I can get seated faster, but that is my only complaint which means you are doing the simple things to perfection. Finally got to bring my girlfriend here on Saturday 8/10/13, arrived around 7pm, told a 30 minute wait, not bad in my opinion. We moved the car closer, then just decided to head down to the Waterfront to waste some time. 40 minutes later my cell rang and we were seated. Now the wait for food was much longer that I would have liked, but it was well worth every second! I don't even know where to start. I ordered the brisket, ribs and chicken apple tacos, she had the chicken and the brisket and we shared the jalapeno apple slaw and of course the mac n cheese. We wanted to try the chorizo but they were out. (just an excuse to come back and fuel my new addiction). The next time we will be getting our own mac n cheese that's for sure! I cannot say what taco was the best because they were all so good and unique in their own way. Experiment with their sauces as well. I got the Smoke 3 pepper and the apricot habanero, without any sauce and then trying one of the other completely changed the flavor profile in to something new, each bite incredible.The place and the menu are very simple, but the real star is the food! KEEP IT THIS WAY! Never sell out!Also, the staff was amazing, each one helping the other out, no one went without attention.I will be there often Smoke, thank you for a new "addiction"
5	Very, very good food. This is where I take friends when they come into town. The place has a casual, hip atmosphere and the staff is great. Caution: Every once in a while you will have to wait an ultra-long time for your food because they get super busy, so you want to avoid going here during the Friday and Saturday dinner rush. But sweet Jesus on a stick, this place is good. The perfect meal for the first timer is the following:Black bean soup (though they pretentiously refuse to call it a soup... but it is)Rib TacoEgg MigaMac and Cheese is a good option too. So is everything else.  Enjoy!
5	This is one of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh in forever! I ate there only three hours ago and I'm already trying to find a reason to go back,...soon!!! We got there early because most of the reviews say it gets super busy. I'm glad we did because it did get pretty busy before we left. There were two of us and we each got a taco and split the delicious Mac and cheese with chorizo! Next time I would get two tacos because I definitely could have eaten another. My taco was the chicken apple and it was so so good!!!! I will dream about this taco. My friend got the rib taco and it looked good as well! I can't wait to try the others!!
4	Visited this place as it was one of the few restaurants in Homestead with 4 or more Yelp stars.  Food (8.0/10) = Wow, there's some creativity going on with these tacos.  Ordered the chicken taco (with avocado cream, pickled onions and hot sauce), and the rib taco (with pickles and porter barbeque sauce).  Was blown away by the flavor profile.  Friend ordered one of the breakfast tacos, and was impressed as well.  The only disappointing thing about the meal was the mac and cheese.  Only ordered it, because it was mentioned quite a bit on yelp.  Maybe I got a bad batch?  Finishing the bowl became a chore (I don't like to waste food).  Their horchata is pretty good as well.  This place is also BYOB.Ambiance (7.5/10) = Came here in the evening, and almost missed it since there is no obvious sign from the outside.  The street this restaurant is on felt shady in general.  Didn't look like there were many businesses around.  As for the interior, a very casual and laid back atmosphere.  Service (7.5/10) = Our waiter was nice and great in helping to choose which items to try since this was our first visit.  Unfortunately, it took forever to get our food.  Not sure how many people are in the back making the tacos, but it seemed like maybe only one considering that it took more than 30 minutes to get 3 tacos to our table.  I was informed later that on weekday nights, the speed of getting the food to the customers is reasonable.Overall opinion = A unique taco joint with creative bold flavors.  Probably going to stay away from the mac and cheese though.  Be aware, it takes a long time to get your food on Friday/Saturday nights.  BYOB, cash only place.
5	A great place I just discovered in Pittsburgh!!I ordered the ribs taco and shared mac and cheese with my friend.  All the food was really amazing.  The taco was spicy and very flavorful.  The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious.  They also have homemade lemonade that I highly recommend.Already planning the next trip back.  Make sure not to miss this place.  It is a little hard to find -- they should have a bigger sign outside.  YUMMMM!!
5	I love this place. But note, the hours have changed and they are now closed Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
5	One of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.The food:All the tacos are pretty good. The chicken taco with avocado cream and onions are mouth watering, the rib taco with the special BBQ sauce is great and if they ever have the pork cheek taco as a special item, do NOT think twice.Please also consider that these guys are actually baking the tortilla for your taco AFTER you order. So complain all you want while waiting your food, you will forget it once it arrives. The wings are from another world (only available on Thursdays and they run out by 5 - 6PM usually). They have the perfect BBQ sauce, the blue cheese dip and the meat just doesn't want to stay on those bones, nice and juicy. The mac and cheese is also delicious. The ambience:  I really like the staff and the owner. They are always welcoming and responsive. It is cash only but they have an ATM inside.
4	I love this place. When it first opened, the service was spotty but it was great during my most recent visit last weekend. I got the pork tacos and the mac & cheese with brisket and I was very pleased with both choices. It would have been a feat to finish the mac and cheese on my own but it would have been worth ordering even if I could only finish a few bites.I can't wait for the new location in Lawrenceville!
4	We had six people going there on Saturday without making a reservation. We chose to sit at the bar and it took 45 mins to wait for it. The restaurant opens only 4 days from Thur-Sun. So it's quite crowded. I recommend to make a reservation in advance. The restaurant is BYOB, having a shared fridge for cooling your drink. About food, they are real good, but you need to wait quite long. They serve wings only on Thurs. If you want to try new thing, beside mac&cheese, which is pretty good, I recommend duck quesadilla.
5	I have been back twice since the original review and I can honestly say that it seems that they have gotten their act together 100%. The taste and quality of the food had never been an issue. Service was the problem but it seems like they have hit their groove. All of the food ordered was served in a reasonable time. It was tasty as ever and it has turned out to be a pleasurable experience on all levels.
5	Came at 8pm on a Friday. Still had to wait an hour. It was totally totally worth it. We tried most of the tacos. The ones that blew me away were the chicken and the pork! Oh wow. Like an explosion in your mouth. Love the Mexican and BBQ fusion. It's like they were made to be together. Great ambiance, good service and BYOB! Can't ask for anything more.
3	Cash only and byob.Food was good, but it wasn't quite spectacular enough to justify how long we had to wait to get it. We waited an hour and a half to get seated (meh, ok, they told us to expect 45min-1hr), but after being seated and ordering, we waited an hour for our food. Fortunately my group brought some wine and was happy to chat, but some tables definitely did leave without eating in that time. Hopefully this was a fluke, since I'd definitely recommend going here another time. The queso and chickenapple taco were my personal faves.
4	Up in Smoke!Here's what I really appreciated about Smoke Taqueria...the inventiveness of the menu!  Instead of taking your everyday, ordinary Mexican influenced menu towards Taco Bell hell, the chefs decided to infuse this country's barbecue tradition into a latino inspired road trip.  The beef brisket, chicken and pork tacos had a smokiness rarely encountered in local restaurants.  You could smell and taste the love!The side dishes that we chose were Macaroni and Cheese and Pinto Beans.  The macaroni and cheese was okay (My daughter Muff loved it, though.) and the pinto beans were tasty.  They also had a duck special that was quite special.  Not overcooked or greasy, I thought that it was a tasty dish.My only complaint with the restaurant is the spottiness with the operating times of the restaurant.  The owners must get a better handle of this... Went on a Saturday during hours of operation and the place was closed.  My party, along with another party made a special trip here and had no idea that the restaurant was closed.... I live in Penn Hills, so this was definitely an inconvenience
5	I have been there before. Food is very good and I have recommended the place to many others. I was surprised to find out that some people mentioned waiting up to 1 1/2 hours for their food.  They said the explanation was too many take out orders. I experienced it myself tonight. The waitress told us after an hour that it would be another 25-30 minutes for our food because they were busy with take out orders.........seriously???The place has 4 tables. If the business model is to focus on takeout orders, say so up front. Doesn't make a lot of sense. Most, if not all of their fillings are PRE MADE. Slap it in a tortilla and give it to seated customers. People calling in expect to wait a few minutes. Not so with seated customers. Owners need to review business model and prioritize what it is you do. I left and went to Peruvian restaurant and had a sit down dinner, with appetizers in under an hour.  Get it together!!!!Have returned several times. They have figured it all out. Dine in diners are treated as a priority. Awesome.The migas and bacon are my favorite but I have had the rib, pork, all of them. BEST in the city....hands down. BTW..the Mac n cheese is also best in city. Cheesy, topped with crunchy bread crumbs . Melts in your mouth..Thank you for the turn around focus.
4	it was my first trip to Smoke and had a great time.  The food was great with a diverse selection of tacos.  i got the chirizo taco with brisket mac and cheese.  both were outstanding with a rich BBQ taste.  the slaw was OK.  place is small, cash only, and BYOB.  service is friendly and accomodating.  i reccomend it.
5	This is one of Pittsburgh's best kept secrets!  Amazing food and a great atmosphere.Service wasn't speedy.  But my party wasn't in a huge hurry.  So it didn't matter one bit!We all shared the nachos and queso.  Plus we each had a taco and split the Mac and Cheese.  Every bite was better than the last.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Service was fantastic the food was outstanding a must try! I had chicken and brisket tacos.
4	Tucked away in a transitional neighborhood, one blink and you could miss it.  Once you step inside the aromas will draw you in.  The service can be slow, so allow yourself some extra time.  Don't forget to bring cash, because they do not accept credit cards.  The mac and cheese is a standout, and tastes even better reheated!  Vegetarian options do exist, and they are quite flavorful.  This would make a great addition to Lawrenceville!
3	Out of 5:1.5 - ribs taco: smothered in too much sauce2.5 - chicken taco: very spicy2.5 - duck quesadilla 1.5 - Value: small proportions, especially the "to share - or NOT to share", which are kind of impossible to share.If you want good tacos, also give Las Palmas Carniceria a shot.
5	The wait for seating and food can be a bit long but the food more than makes up for it. I usually don't order chicken as it can be a bit boring. The last time I was there I ordered the chicken taco on a whim and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. It has jumped to the top of my list of tacos.
5	I love all their tacos, I love their mac, and I love their margarita mix. Pretty much everything on the menu is fantastic. And the prices are very low for the quality.The only problem is the wait: on a Saturday night, it can go up to 2 hours! And, even when you do get seated, food takes forever to come out. However, I still go once a week, it's that good :-)
5	What a place.  This is NOT your standard taco joint.  Bring tequila and they'll supply you their special margarita mix.  Apple chicken my favorite.  Wings on Thursday - DO IT.  Also Mac and Cheese.  YUM.
5	Awesome tacos
5	I don't usually eat mac n cheese. But when my daughter kept saying how good it was, I tried it. It WAS delicuous! So was the brisket salad and potato salad.  A+  NOTE. Byob and cash only
5	This place has the best tacos I've ever had.  A few of them are on the spicy side, so make sure you order something you can deal with.  There's not a single item here that is sub-par.
5	This is one of my favorite little restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's cash only, so be sure to bring cash, but know that it's totally worth the inconvenience of carrying around cash! They are moving locations to Lawrenceville soon, but for now they are located near the Waterfront, right on 8th in Homestead. It's really easy to find street parking, or there is a lot almost directly behind it.The atmosphere is quaint and inviting. There can be a wait if you come during a peak time, but if you come closer to 11 on a weekend, you will be fine. Even if you have to wait a while, it is totally worth it!One of my favorite things about Smoke is that it is BYOB! Hallelujah! Why aren't there more BYOB spots in Pittsburgh? Silly Pittsburgh.The tacos are outrageously delicious, and I think they are worth every penny-about $4-$5 per taco. The sides are inexpensive as well, only $5 for the most filling, delicious mac and cheese you will ever taste in Pittsburgh, and around $3 for pinto beans with jalapenos, and apple jalapeno cole slaw.The pulled chicken taco with avocado crema is my absolute favorite. I also love to get the veggie taco and add avocado crema.  Grilled veggies, black beans + avocado crema = heaven. The mac and cheese is out of this world. It is creamy smooth, and topped with crunchy bread crumbs and served in a mini cast iron dish. I can never even eat half of it as it is extremely rich, so I always take it home and enjoy leftovers the next day...or maybe later than evening.I can't say enough about Smoke. It's delightful.
4	Any place in Pittsburgh that serves Horchata automatically gets four stars. If you've never had it, you have to try it.Really good tacos. They are more gourmet than traditional, with interesting BBQ pairings. The chicken apple sausage is pretty good, and sometimes they have a sirloin steak special that is out of this world. I personally often just get the mac n cheese (not quite as good as Pig and Chicken, but lord knows I can't eat there everyday) and black beans and call it a day. Between the two of us, we've probably tried most of the tacos here and haven't found one we don't like yet.Our only complaint is sometimes they can be really really slow. I think they need more staff in the back.
4	You can almost miss this place as you drive by on your way to the Waterfront. We ordered take out from here and it took 35-40 for it to be ready. Seemed to be about the same amount of time for a table at this joint. This place is busy - with good reason as the food is delicious. Ordered:Mac and cheese - crumbles of toasted taco crumbles added a nice taste. Very creamy with cheesy consistency. Pork taco - close to $5 kinda pricey for Pgh but a good amount of tender meat was in the tacoEgg taco nothing remarkable but still tasty You can tell the tortilla is made fresh daily but it's not like the authentic corn taqueria version I'm used to.... still tasty. They have a variety of flavorful and original salsas to choose from.  I got the avocado cream and either mango or papaya habanero. Both were nice additions to separate food I made in the week. Noticed on the menu they have a $2 / person corkage fee. If you bring your tequila you can purchase margarita mix from them. Parking is plentiful. CASH ONLY
5	Smoke is quite tasty, but it's a huge bummer that they do not accept anything but cash.  Don't hippies like to use square anyways?  Regardless, I could eat there daily...multiple times a day.  Get the chorizo tacos...mmm mmm mmm.  Hopefully they enjoy lots of success and move to a nice part of town soon!
5	The tacos are outstanding. I ordered the chicken and apple after reading reviews on its awesomeness. I was not disappointed! It was delicious. I also ordered the pork taco, equally fantastic. My friends got the veggie and rib and loved them. There were 3 of us and we ordered the Mac and Cheese (again after reading reviews) and it was some of the best Mac and cheese I have ever had. The portions were good, the taste was great and the customer service was perfect! It's a tiny place so plan on waiting and/or sharing a table to get in faster. We were told 40 mins and the hostess recommended the bar across the street and even called me when our table was ready! I almost forget one of the best parts! It is all affordable and it's byob so you save $ that way as well. I spent $18 total for a wonderful meal. Will definitely be back.
3	I think Smoke is probably fine if you are a carnivore, but as a mostly vegan vegetarian, I just can't get into it. Their regular tortillas contain buttermilk which surprised me on my first time there and I was feeling really bummed about the lack of choices...but they graciously said they had time to make some vegan ones for me right then and there! Great service! So, I was told, if you call ahead they will specially make vegan corn tortillas  - which are also gluten free - for you. But ultimately, the fillings of the veggie taco are nothing to write home about, nor worth leaving the house for (beans, pico, roasted pepper sauce); I would like to see some more vegetables in the filling and would love some avocado. Not only that, on my last visit my veg taco was served cold (my companions' food was hot, so it seemed to be a kitchen timing problemo). The space is cute, with especially good service and the food pleases most of my friends, so I am going to have to go with 3 star thingys.
2	I'm underwhelmed.  It's good, but it's little.  I ordered a brisket salad, the most expensive food on the menu at $12, and got a salad slightly larger than a side salad.  It was tasty, but I'm still hungry right now.  The horchata is excellent.  I'm not a huge eater, but you need to be prepared to spend 20 or 25 bucks on lunch to get full.  2 tacos, one side, a drink, tax and tip....yup.
4	Definitely get the mac n cheese. My favorite taco was the pork.  It's filled with a good amount and it's really juicy.  We also tried the chicken, chicken apple, chorizo, and steak. Also, the agua fresca is so refreshing! Only gripe is the wait time for food.  We waited over 40 minutes to get food.  So my suggestion; order chips and queso so you have something to eat while you wait.
4	Very much enjoyed this place!  BYOB which is always a plus.   It's an adorable and small place in Homestead outside of the waterfront. The mac and cheese was delicious, as what the pork taco I got. Helpful server... overall good experience.
5	This place is AMAZING! The macaroni & cheese is the best I ever had. The tacos are huge and full of flavor. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very intimate - I love that it's BYOB. I'm very sad that they'll be moving to Lawrenceville this spring because they're currently only about 5 minutes from where I live, but I'm sure they'll get even more customers. And of course I'll still continue to go!
3	Visited this place a few times. Interesting food combinations in the tacos. Sometimes, it's a hit, sometimes, it's a miss. If you're a spice-a-phobe like me, ask for your sauces on the side, because some of the tacos are quite spicy by default. Every side I have had is tasty (mac and cheese, chips and queso, potato salad) but so rich that it kinda makes you feel ill if you eat too much of it. Food seems to take a while, even on weekdays. One time, we were even given a free cookie because the wait was so long, which was nice of them to offer, but we wish the service was a bit quicker.Cash only. BYOB.
5	Love Smoke, Celebrated with my gf our first date, (one year later).  Just as good as I remember, the other thing was that the prices went up, one of the tacos went up $2.25.  The Queso is just about the best thing ive ever eaten.  The same with the chorizo mac n cheese.  BYOB and Cash Only.  If you are in the area of the waterfront, please make sure you stop by.
4	When looking for new restaurants to try, two things that particularly appeal to me are culinary innovation and convenience of location.  Smoke (at least, at their Homestead location) has both in spades.I ordered the chicken apple and smoked salmon tacos, and both were excellent.  Both packed flavor combinations (savory/sweet and savory/creamy) that melded together perfectly.  I would recommend ordering two tacos for a meal, as they're a bit on the small side, however.  My dining companion also ordered the black beans, which had a soupy consistency and were a bit too spicy for me.As a macaroni and cheese connoisseur, I had to order the mac and cheese as a side, based on the recommendations in the other reviews.  Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed, since I found the white cheddar cheese sauce too mild and thin for my taste (rating: 6.0/10).  The taco crumbles on top did add a welcome salty/crunchy note (I'm a fan of bread crumbs on my mac and cheese).  When it comes to mac and cheese, I'm a traditionalist, preferring the bolder taste of sharp cheddar and thicker sauce.  Needless to say, these are my personal preferences, however, so feel free to take them with a grain of salt.This place is BYOB, so based on another reviewer's suggestion, I brought some Jose Cuervo and ordered margarita mix to go with it.  The sweet but not-overly-so margaritas complemented the meal quite nicely.My dining companion and I visited on a Sat. evening in Feb. right after it had snowed.  We waited 20-30 min., since another party arrived right before us claimed the last empty table.  The space in Homestead was tiny (it had about 6-7 tables), so I hope that the one in Lawrenceville will be larger.  I wish the owners great success in their new location. 4.5 stars.
5	Great food, simple menu. Try the mac & cheese with bacon.I hear that they're moving from Homestead to Lawrenceville. This is very sad. Homestead needed them. Lawrenceville does not need them; Lawrenceville has enough good restaurants already.
4	This place is super hipster, but the food is really good, so I don't mind slipping in and out for takeout (I think i'd lower the cool factor pretty quickly). Agua fresca is so so good - watermelon was the flavor du jour. We tried the chicken and brisket tacos, both of which were very very good, and the mac & cheese, which we thought was kinda just ok (alot of great reviews though, so maybe just not our type of mac). The tacos are big, so you probably only need 2 a person. Will visit again after they've moved.
1	I did really like this place, but the last two times I tried to go there for lunch before shopping at the Waterfront, they were closed. They've reduced their hours so much they might as well give up. I won't even try again.
