5	I called ACA today to come and look at a washing machine in a rental property. He came when he said he would. It took him about 2 minutes to diagnose the issue and about 30 to fix the broken piece. He has also fixed a fridge for me in the past with similar results. He is very dependable, knowledgable and affordable. I highly recommend ACA.
5	Our freezer decided to go out 3 days before Thanksgiving! We needed to have it fixed tonight because our kitchen was being cleaned the next day. I called them at 6p on a Sunday night and someone actually picked up the phone, talked to me, and then someone was at my door an hour later! Rick came in, took one look, and replaced the part. It was AMAZING! Then he handed me the bill and it was even better!! Go with these guys when you need an appliance fixed anytime!
5	My ice maker broke and I called ACA services spoke with the owner Rick and the next day he was at my house replacing my ice maker, very honest, good work and fast. I would highly recommend this company for refrigerator repairs. very pleased.
5	Rick did some work on my dryer. He did a nice job and was very prompt. Would recommend.
5	Rick was great, very knowledgable & very reasonably priced. He fixed my clothes washer, works great now!
5	I called ACA at 8:00 pm at night and he still answered and we immediately set up an appointment.  He showed up on time and quickly diagnosed the problem with my washer.  He fixed it in 20 minutes and was out the door.  He was awesome and saved me a bunch of money.  Highly recommend.
5	I have been doing business with ACA for three years and have always  had great service from them. They have always been timely,courteous, professional and reasonable.I highly recommend them!
5	Fast, quality, reliable repair. Rick came out with only a couple hours notice to fix our HOT refrigerator. He was able to diagnose the problem & fix it quickly.  A few weeks later I noticed the fridge wasn't as cold as usual. He came out after hours to accommodate our work schedules. It turned out that I had adjusted the temperature incorrectly and caused the problem. He was helpful and nice enough to explain what I did wrong AND he did not even charge me for a service call. Very nice, prompt & reliable. I'll def use ACA every time from now on :) thanks Rick!
5	I called ACA about fixing my ice-maker. It had suddenly stopped.  I also was nogt receiving cool air on the refrigerator side. I spoke to Rick who was super helpful with troubleshooting!  He was able to come over the same day and completely fix everything!! He gave me a great price and didn't leave until everything was perfect! The great thing is that I am writing this review 3 months after my refrigerator was fixed! I am happy to say that my refrigerator is working like the day I purchased it! Thanks Rick for coming to the rescue! I didn't have to throw any of my perishables away!I will recommend anyone to ACA!Thanks AgainShawn E.
