5	My twin sister had a breast augmentation and a rhinoplasty with Mr. Garcia.  My little sister had a rhinoplasty with the amazing Mr. Garcia.  His work on both of my sisters can be described no better than "pure art."  He listens carefully to them when I come with on their follow up visit and consultation, is very caring and reassuring.  I'll be coming to him to get preventative aging treatments of some kind as soon as I can justify the cost.  His cost is not that much (by the way) compared to other surgeons.  You might as well book a consultations appointment with him if you are considering a cosmetic surgery- consultations are free.  I'm sure you'll love him and his work as much as I do.
5	I have never had a better doctor experience than with Dr. Garcia, he is there for you every step of the way. He is highly qualified and very talented. His office staff is extremely nice and helpful, very welcoming, which puts you at ease. Dr. Garcia and his staff make an excellent team. I highly recommend him and his office if you're seeking any type of plastic surgery/injections/tattoo removal!
3	Got lip augmentation (lip injections ) done here . Nice office ,I didn't wait long .they offer half a syringe for$350 and a full syringe   For $550 . It's a lot but I figured if I was gonna do this might as well show . So they start off by putting this numbing cream on works very well and then they inject u with the syringe I choose to go with  restylane which apparently also had lidocaine . It still felt very uncomfortable and it hurt . After a full syringe I looked and saw the slightest difference which worried me even more when they said the swelling would go down in two days I mean I could barley tell with the swelling . Well a little over half a grand and my lips look exactly the same . No joke . My friend said she always does two full syringes her opinion is that one kind or outlines and defines and the second one pumps ..well I can't imagine spending that much every 3-4 months that they said this last . My lips were also bruised for two days . And now the swelling is done and my lips r back to normal I even joking say they must have injected me with saline or something lol ugh oh well .
1	I went to Dr. Garcia's office to get a tatoo removed. It was $100 for fifteen minutes. I was only there about 5 minutes, but you have to pay in 15 minute blocks.So I get the laser treatment and it just felt like getting a tattoo, not a big deal. I don't know why everyone complains about the laser removal like they are getting their skin burned off, It really does not hurt.Anyways, here is the deal. One treatment, tattoo still as dark as ever. It did not fade one bit and it has been almost four weeks. I was told black ink was the easiest to get removed. During the consult Dr. Garcia said he was not sure about how many treatments, but he said it would fade each treatment. It did not fade at all.I am going back for one more treatment to be sure. If it starts to fade the tattoo then I will continue the treatments and update my review. If it does not start to fade then I guess I am out $200. I would really like this tattoo to be removed and to give this place five stars. I hope the next treatment works.
