1	Agree with the other two in regards to this subway. I've to this one before and never really had a problem, staff was cool and friendly and had my orders ready when I arrived. Recently, TWICE, I faxed in an order get there and it wasn't done, they offered to make it and deliver it.. cool thanks... Now again fax in order wasn't ready! Then said he received no order, mind you I'm looking straight at the fax with my order and point down, gives me that "I'm a dumb fuck look" and responds o! well if you want to wait I can get the order ready for you.. I FAXED IT IN SO I WOULDN'T HAVE TO WAIT!!, mind you that there are 8 people in line ready to order. NEVER AGAIN WILL THIS PLACE ERAN MY BUSINESS. Every time I place an order it's for at least 10-15 subs... that sounds like a loss of profit to me!  GO TO JIMMY JOHNS!!!! They mange to take their orders in and actually make them!
5	I had a great experience here. I walked in and was promptly greeted. The staff was extremely friendly and very quick.
2	While the restaurant was smaller and darker than I'm used to, this has nothing to do with my 2 star rating.  I cannot be sure, but my review is mostly based on the manager on the clock at about 12:15pm, right during the lunch rush.  I can understand being new at a job, we have all been there, but why make the newest person on the team (and if he isn't the newest he is just the slowest) run the bread/start station?  There were clearly faster workers further down the line who would regularly go out to the dining room and clean up.  Also, the entire time we were there (more than 30 minutes) she, the manager, was sitting at a table by herself, earbuds plugged into her phone and text book open.  This was the lunch rush!  Not only wasn't she helping, but she was taking up one of a few available tables.  When she was needed she would shake her head unapprovingly and walk over to help.  At any given time there were anywhere from 3-6 people waiting in line to give their order, terrible managerial skills in my opinion.  She was focused on herself and would only take time to help when absolutely needed, or she would take a break to bark orders to the employees who were working their tails off.  We went to this location because it was slighly closer to where we work, but will not again return.  In addition, it would seem their toaster is on too high, both our subs came out hard and crispy.  There is a location about 3 miles west on Mcdowell of this location, I would recommend going there anyday over this location.
5	If you eat at Subway you may have found highly differing experiences and levels of satisfaction.I first had their sandwiches in Bridgeport Ct in1973?  In my many years of going to Subway I find none compare with this location. I was impressed to the point that I picked up a business card from their counter and emailed the owner. I also complimented him when he was at the store at a later date. I drive by numerous other Subway restaurants to go to this one.They are open very late and the personnel is highly professional for a sandwhich shop. The people are also warm and natural. It appears this place does a high volume which I think I understand why and they earn it.
4	I stopped in for a 6 inch club to bring to work. No wait- no complaints. I'll be back.
