5	Edinburgh International Film Festival may not be as big as Sundance but it is a good effort. Set over 10 days in June the festival is a fantastic opportunity for film lovers to experience the next Oscar winner (Hurt Locker premiered here) or some up and coming British talent. The festival attracts some big names in the movie business such as Sean Connery and Sam Mendes, leaving the trashy starlets in LA. I saw Kiera Knightley in the distance during the festival, and yes she is that skinny in real life. It is for your more serious movie lover, you ain't gonna be watching Harold and Kumar or Transformers but it is great fun at the same time. The Festival uses a number of venues including Cineworld and Cameo, with tickets usually selling out pretty quickly. The Film Festival is one of my favourite Edinburgh Festivals, partly due to the fact it takes place in June when it's not horrendously busy like the August Festivals. The content is varied and interesting, so if you are lucky enough to get a ticket then it is a must do.
5	I only started properly getting involved with the Edinburgh International Film Festival in the last couple of years, when it was moved from its former time slot in August to an earlier spot in the year in June.I think the move away from August and all the other festivals that happen in that month was a brilliant call by the film fest, as it can now bask in the glory it deserves, rather than being part of a month where too many good festivals are on at once. It packs a lot into its 10 day run, and last year saw a brilliant variety of world and UK premieres, and other events, panels and workshops, which give people an inside look at the film industry. I seem to have been quite lucky with celeb spots at the film festival for some reason, and for the last two years I've managed to get a fairly close up visual of Sean Connery, and as far as I'm concerned, after you've seen the great Sir Sean, no other celeb spotting is required for the rest of the year.
5	June has many highlights. Exams are over (for those students out there), it gets dark at 11.30 pm and the weather is actually warm and summery. Edinburgh truly enchants you.Another highlight that has only recently been added is the International Film Festival. Although primarily located and centered on one side of town this festival has certainly established itself as an event to give an impression and sets the tone for other Festivals to follow.Although I personally have not been to many Film Festivals I could not recommend this one enough. Filmmakers, actors, screen writters attend openings, discussions are held, and make- or break futures of films are decided- it sure is a tough business and it's fun to get caught up in! You can volunteer for this festival as well and meet loads of lovely people with a lot of film and filmaking plus get some extra perks for helping out. Log on to their website around March for more details. You get to watch premiers of films- unknown ones, international ones and even ones that could potentially become big hits. For example last year the Festival first screened Moon and had a premier party of Sam Mende's Away We Go. You would be a fool to miss out on this festival if you are in the City!
5	This just adds to the absolutely amazing city that is Edinburgh. It is so full of culture and this just proves my point. The Film Festival is amazing, nothing short of fantastic. I wish there were more adjectives I can use to tell you how brilliant it is. It coincides with the fringe festival at one point, so the city is full of people from all walks of life. Rather eclectic actors for example, are always walking the streets. Rupert Everett is a regular, as is Stephen Fry, Alan Davies and Iain Mackeller. It really is a great part of the city. Edinburgh comes alive during the film festival, it's brilliant!!
