3	Kids eat free on Saturdays and Tuesday evenings.The service is always pleasant.The atmosphere is cozy, cozier than most Denny's.
3	It took really long to get our food which consisted of buffalo chicken wraps, the grilled cheese sandwich and a biscuit with gravy. We went at 12pm on a Saturday, so it was really busy, but it took like 20 minutes to get food. The food itself was pretty good. I enjoyed my buffalo chicken wrap until I bit into a fatty piece. They didn't give me enough ranch dressing for fries though. I also had the pancake puppies sundae which was very delicious and a bargain at $2. Overall, Denny's has cheap food, slow service, and okay quality.
3	I don't expect too much from Denny's. When I went they were understaffed, and I waited at the host stand for 5 or 6 minutes without anyone greeting me. The food was pretty slow, but it was decent for the crazily low price.
4	This review is ONLY for the sole male  server/hostess/cashier that was working the night of 1/14/12 after midnight! ( I don't remember his name) It was fairly crowded and yet for this one-man army to do all of the above in an expedient manner was nothing short of miraculous!  The food was average (c'mon-you know what you are getting at Dennys).
5	So after we couldn't sleep, and decided that we were hungry at 4am, we chose our local Denny's. When we walked in, Ron pleasantly seated us far from the door as he saw that we were cold. He then brewed a fresh batch of decaf for me after he pleasantly took our drink orders. He is the most polite gentleman and it was definitely nice to have him serve us as we were a bit weary of being the only people eating there this early. However, Ron made us feel at ease and quickly took our food order amidst doing three other jobs: answering the phone, seating more guests, and running food. We both work in restaurants, and we're pleased to see him constantly smiling and hustling, with the most chipper of an attitude. Our milkshake (I know it was 4am but sounded amazing) was brought out super quick by the man himself, soon followed by our food order, exactly how it should have come. Ron refilled our drinks multiple times, as well as every other guest's (more people started showing up). Overall, I wish our restaurant was still hiring, and I could recruit Ron to be part of our team! And by the way, he's a newlywed! Congrats Ron! I have never had such great service in any restaurant!
4	The coffee here is really good. Their prices are very reasonable and you get a good variety of breakfast items for the price. I love the choices I can get on their grand slam.
3	We stopped here for breakfast yesterday.  It's a standard Denny's.  Service was good, my Southwest skillet was good, the coffee was off.  It was strong and bitter.  I like strong but not the bitter.The location was a Coco's for several years before becoming a Denny's.  Besides being America's diner, I think they are America's senior dining spot.  The music is definitely 60s which I like.I will be back to Denny's from time to time, but they seem stuck in their rut although they're always trying with new foods and other items.  The place is OK.
4	haven't had breakfast at a Denny's in quite a long time. I always like Denny's a bit more than IHop, mainly for the hash browns...Denny's are crispier, IHop's are mushy. Either way you like them, I don't think I've ever had a bad breakfast at Denny's. This location is easy to get to, wasn't all that busy, a little surprising being that it was Sunday morning at 10 am. Service was outstanding though and food was good.
1	Let me preface this by saying that I am a huge fan of Denny's. I eat at Denny's about once a week (can't beat that greasy diner food)! This location is the closest to my house and it used to be my favorite it town. You could say I was one of the regulars. Well, that has all changed! Apparently the place is "under new management" and the new manager just plain sucks! I am a low-carb eater and one of the reasons I love Denny's is that they will accommodate me (by letting me sub broccoli for hashbrowns / toast / french fries). I have done this for years at Denny's locations all over the country (including this one) with no hassle whatsoever. Well, guess what? The "new manager" no longer allows this -- NOT EVEN WHEN I OFFERED TO PAY AN UPCHARGE TO HAVE A FRESH VEGETABLE INSTEAD OF POTATOES! What? Second, my regular waitress informed me that the "new manager" will not allow them to bring out water in a big glass and will only allow them to bring out a teeny, tiny, miniscule glass of water -- ONE AT A TIME -- to customers who only order ice water to drink. See my photo of how tiny this glass is, it is absolutely ridiculous! Add that to the already understaffed and overworked servers and you are really making their lives miserable. I drink like a fish, especially when I want water. I felt so bad that our waitress had to keep running back to refill my midget-sized water glass every 3 minutes. Since this happened, I've been back to Denny's at least 10 times but not this one. I'm not going to set food in this location ever again. I just don't get why some managers are SO shortsighted. You have alienated a long-time customer and believe me, I have told ALL of my friends about this.
5	Really had a great breakfast here.  Maybe the best ever at any Dennys location. I ordered the $4 Value Slam which comes with 2 eggs, 2 bacon & 2 pancakes.  Order came very quickly for a busy Saturday morning and cooked eggs over easy was PERFECT.
4	My brother and I have been going to this Denny's for over six years now. We usually go after 10pm and on Thursdays - Mondays only, because of one man, Ron. Ron is by far the best food server in Las Vegas, and I do mean the best food server of any restaurant I have been to, in arguably the food capital of the world. He is very attentive, responsive, and most importantly caring and kind. Most of the time he is the only front of the house employee, and yet no matter how busy they get, he never loses his composure. He is the greatest, and deserves a ton of credit for his work.
5	Damn good breakfast just the right portion. This location has the best staff and food quality by far.
1	If I go to a Denny's in this area again, it will not be this one, because they don't screw up the food, and the service varies from marginal to completely awful. Today was awful, so I had to post this review. We ordered the veggie skillet with no eggs like we always get, and the waiter decided he wanted to clarify we wanted the "fit fare one" or just the veggie skillet. We asked what the difference was, and he said something about it coming with toast or a biscuit. I said we would take the fit fare one. The waiter brought us the skillet with eggs, and he tried to tell me that I didn't tell him no eggs. Then he came back with just scraping some egg off. We left. I'd sooner have a roach deliver my food than deal with that again.
5	Great food. Ordered nachos, cheese & bacon fries, and sample platter. Fast and friendly service. Clean dining area and restrooms. I live in the area so I will be back.
5	I can't remember the last time I ate at a Denny's.  When I think of going out to breakfast, I want to go to these popular little spots like the Cracked Egg, The Egg and I, or Hash House a gogo.  This particular Sunday I had a lot of running around to do and missed breakfast. I was STARVED.  One of my friends who is a super healthy eater had just texted that he was on a road trip and found a Denny's to aid in his healthy eating. I couldn't imagine what he could get at a Denny's that would be healthy OR delicious.  Boy was I wrong!In between errands, I spotted the Denny's on Tropicana and decided to give it a try. It was fairly empty so I got seated right away and service was great.  I ordered the Fit Fare omelet with a side of fruit and it was amazing. Everything was cooked perfectly and the fruit was super fresh.  I've had healthy omelets at other breakfast places before and none tasted this good. My tummy was very happy.In addition to the awesome food, the place is very clean and service was very quick. Perfect spot for a quick and cheap, but awesomely delicious and healthy breakfast at any of the day.
1	Broken booth seat, appetizer served WITH the food, restroom soap dispenser BROKEN, trash over flowing, check brought before even half our food was gone....just some of the issues we had tonight....wont be back....
1	Today was noy the best of day for them. We witnessed the manager being left to serve, take orders, clean tables and sest people. Literally a mutiny.  Our food came out one by one, we were finish with oir soup and our server came out to give us bread for the soup, got our orders wrong amd mixed up. Our server tried to tell us the baja chicken is the same as the baja skillet. It was the most hilarious experience we've had, the kids just laughed.
5	You can see this location as your coming off the 215. This is one of the nicest Denny's I have ever had the pleasure of sitting in. The scenery is bright and cheery during the day with lots of sunlight pouring in, just what you need in the morning!  The wait staff is friendly and we really enjoyed our french toasts (my cheat day).  I went with the Sticky Bun French Toast, it's a great deal. Why not try this place out you might like it. I think this Denny's is a better than the iHop up the road on Fort Apache. What an amazing breakfast, for a better price, taste & value.
1	Waited nearly an hour for food. Customer service was horrible. The restaurant was not busy at all. Greeter would pause seating guests to finish a task. Food came out cold and could tell the plates had been sitting in the window for a while. I am very familiar with the restaurant business and this is by far the worst experience I've ever had at Denny's. I would've put 0 stars had that been an option.
4	Ok, my last review was not the best for this Denny's. So since everything else was busy for breakfast on Sunday, we decided to come over again. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and seated. I have noticed new staff and the some of the old staff that were actually good stayed. The food looks better and taste better. The services was wonderful and very surpring. I will make this one of the regular spots just for the service we recieved from Yota.
5	This is the biggest Denny's around, great atmosphere, and it's also very clean. The restaurant is bright, vibrant, welcoming. The wait staff is usually on top of it. Sometimes this place gets to be packed. So park in the back.The cooks here are the best, the food is always served hot & the manager here is not afraid to come over and check on customers. Her number one priority is customer service. IF you were to come across an issue, ask for her. She'll fix it immediately. We've been costumers of hers for 3 years. She's really down to earth.Also very understanding of people have food allergies, my girlfriend is allergic to walnuts, peanuts, corn, wheat, clams & sesame. She normally gets the Ultimate omelette with hash browns well done on both sides, no toast.Little TIP: Fill out the survey on the bottom of your receipt online. You'll get a code, write that down for your next visit. It's usually a FREE everyday value meal, still it's worth it. I usually get the free value meal, on top of the grand slam or build your own. Best way to go.
5	Came after work at 12:30am on a Friday morning... A kind elderly man greeted us with a friendly smile, he was our host, our waiter and I even caught him prepping the plates. He was doing eveything. I must say, great customer service, very professional, speedy and polite.
1	Deserves 0 stars!!! Went a fewmonths back waited forever just to get our drink order taken. Then waited another 15 just to get a fruit punch and coke. Still hadnt had food order taken. Waiter was friendly but overwhelmed. He was alone waiting on six or more tables. Finally had food order taken, needless to say another century for that to come, gave up on asking for a refill. So tried again tonight ( hubby likes Denny's) didnt disapoint! Srvice still sucks!!! One waiter for eight diffrent parties, useless manager ignored us. Never again!!! The Ihop 5 min away was much better
2	1st time in a Denny's restaurant and my first impression is not good. Seasoned fries are good, way better than the regular ones, which taste bland. It would be nice if the waitress regularly checked the table. The chicken avocado sandwich I ordered was good. No checks for water and coffee refills (oh and the coffee was lukewarm) didn't see the waitress at all after the food was ordered. I would understand if the restaurant was busy, but there was only 2 other groups inside. Not really worth visiting again really. There's definitely better chain restaurants in this category of eateries out there.
3	Not a really a fan of Denny's but came for a free breakfast since it's close to my house. This location was clean and the waiter was friendly.
3	always consistent cold and/or lukewarm food, but excellent servers and staff.     Bad food Good people.  I always leave at least a $5.00 tip for 1 person
1	So, we've actually been here a few times, and the first few times were fine, till our most recent visit.  My order was fine, but everything my boyfriend ordered was messed up.  I don't mean that they gave him the wrong order - they gave him food that was either spoiled or contaminated.  The first fail was the frozen coffee. It's supposed to be your typical ice blended coffee.  He got his drink and thought, "Oh, I'm excited, coffee" so he took a long sip and as he swallowed it down, there was a sour after taste.  Puzzled, I asked, "What's wrong?" and he said, "Try this.  This doesn't taste like it's still good."  I took a sip and it had a really sour aftertaste. I looked at him and I said, "What was with that aftertaste?" and he said, "I don't know" and ended up returning it.  He then ordered a veggie burger, which in the past has been his favorite food to order from there.  Well, during this visit, he could only eat half of it because the frozen coffee made him sick.  So we paid for the check, and went home. As soon as he started feeling better, he ate the rest of the burger.  Halfway through, he found a long hair in his burger and he started feeling sick all over again.  Needless to say, we are not coming back.
1	Food was cold, took way too long to get served. Standard breakfast fare, eggs, pancakes, hash browns, bacon. Wasn't expecting much but a little good service since there were only four tables of customers. No luck! No check back, no water or coffee refills and really felt I was invisible while the waitresses socialized with whom I suspect were friends. Waited 15 minutes after I was done with my meal and finally I tagged a different waiter and told him I've been waiting for ever for someone to come over. His response was, it's not his fault he just came on duty.No coming back here.
1	It's by far the worst service EVER! this company needs to fire their management first of all. 2nd, it's Christmas, don't have only 3 servers on the floor. Didn't even get any drinks. Never coming back or recommending this place to ANYONE
2	Although it is in a location kind of hard to find, this place gets BUSY. The night I stopped in, they only had one cook and two waiters (Christmas day). Half the people at my table got different portions of our meals at random times. The one silver lining was our waiter, Jerry. He was very attentive, polite, and fast (dealing with a party of 13), and deserves a raise! I won't be returning to this location simply because of the lack of staff. Service was good, it just wasn't very consistent.
