2	I'm usually pretty happy with Salsarita's and I realize that an "Express" location might not hold up to the same standards as a regular location. Limited choices are understandable and the prices here are not inflated at all over the full size Salsarita's. Burritos, tacos, salads and nachos are available with grilled chopped chicken, ground beef, or simply vegetarian.I've stopped by here a couple of times, grabbing something for eating on the plane or to take home after a late night arrival. Depending on the time of the day, the lines can be long, but they do move quickly - faster than their neighbors it seems. The team of three or four each has a specific role in the assembly process which seems to help speed things up. However, the means that none of them care about the final product. While the burrito is fully stuffed, it's not mixed at all. A pocket of beans here and a spoonful of guacamole there, there is no opportunity for the flavors of these ingredients to mix and meld.Still, it's way better than the "nothing" that most carriers serve in coach and it's possible to eat it without needing a whole lot of room to spread out, or a knife and fork. If you don't want BK or Quizno's and you're looking for something better than a pre-wrapped "grab-n-go" sandwich, give Salsarita's a try.Salsarita's Express is located in the main concourse is between Burger King and Quizno's. It's in the main area between the "B" concourse and the "C" concourse.
3	Food rating:  3.5 starsMy bf and I were laying over at the Charlotte airport and were hungry.  Thanks to the Yelp mobile application for the Blackberry, we actually found reviews for another Salsarita's location - http://www.yelp.com/biz/salsaritas-fresh-cantina-charlotte-5Based on that, we decided to head over to the main terminal.  As the reviews described on the link above, it is very similar to Qdoba or Chipotle for those that aren't familiar.  I'm happy to report that unlike Chipotle, Salsarita's doesn't charge extra for Guacamole.  Woot.My bf ordered a salad bowl and I ordered a burrito.  Both were pretty fresh (considering that we were at the airport).  Another added benefit is that it passed the "eyeball" test.  We saw some pilots lining up... and that's got to be a good thing (considering that they are probably at the airport very often).Overall, the ingredients were pretty fresh and not loaded with salt.  Woot!
3	Wow, what a nice surprise. Fresh.Tasty.Well-made.Yummy.Sure, it is still airport food, but decent airport food? Seriously?Yes indeed.I had a burrito with shredded chicken and all of the fixings. No refried beans here. Nope, real black beans. Even better.Defininitely a winner and a healthier (I think) alternative to the fast food places located in the airport. Certainly better for your heart than Cinnabon.
4	For airport food this is pretty good. Fresh, tasty ingredients and not too expensive. I don't normally review airport restaurants but this was worth the stop.
4	Mexican food at an airport and it's good!  I hit them up for breakfast and it made for a good time!
1	What airport location does not take the main business travelers card. To not take American Express is stupid. The lady behind the counter was as friendly as a pit viper to boot. Food was not bad but not spectacular either. With all of the other airport choices I will not e back.
4	After a LONG day of travel and an unexpected 2 hour stop in Charlotte, a fresh option like Salsarita's was a nice surprise for airport food. I'm a fan of the "build your own burrito" concept, so that helps... I know it's not everyone's idea of a great meal.I had never actually heard of Salsarita's, but judging by the previous reviews, it must be a chain... and apparently this airport "Express" location doesn't have all of the usual options. That's okay - they had everything I needed, including various meats, beans, salsas, and veggie toppings. It was definitely a much better choice, tase-wise, than the Papa John's and Burger King located on either side. The line was much shorter, too. Honestly, for about $6 for a huge burrito, it's a great airport food option. A small can of Pringles costs $3 on a plane, after all.
2	While waiting for my next flight, I decided to head to Salsarita's since I was craving Mexican food, and didn't want the typical fast food burger or Starbuck's.I ordered steak tacos with a side of chips and salsa.  The steak tacos tasted weird - almost as if the steak was pork.  The chips and salsa were ok, nothing special.
1	Worst service in the planet! I wasn't really in the mood for Papa Johns, Burger King, Chinese, or Chilis, so I went with Salsarita. The burrito was good and affordable, but your staff is super mean! I asked for a chicken burrito and made it a combo, I asked the lady if the burrito brought chips and she rolled her eyes at me and says to the other employee "don't give her chips, she don't want em". I'm like "I do" and she rolled her eyes and kept saying "ugh". Then I asked them if the combo brought soda and she didn't answer me. I think she's mad at the world or something, must really hate her job. I would give the burrito and chips, a 3.5, it was pretty good! As for customer service, I have to give you guys 1 star because you guys need to replace your staff!
1	I got the breakfast burrito with salsa and they should have just poured water straight into it. Tasteless and gross. (I'm saying the salsa is waaaaaay to watery)
4	Salsarita's express is a must! It out beats all other airport food and it is very very fresh. The hot sauce couuuuld be a little hotter (but I'm not complaining!) And the prices was pretty good, considering it's airport pricing. Loves it! I want to find the real salsarita's to eat at.
5	Great, fast service...exactly what I'm looking for at an airport! The food was hot and fresh, lots of options. I'd go again!
3	Unless I have a stellar experience, 3 stars is about all I can give any airport eatery. So using that logic, Salsarita's Express is about as good as it can get. I had a breakfast burrito that tasted fine and did the job between flights. I don't know that I'd recommend anyone to have it but I doubt I'd recommend anyone to an airport eatery anyway.  The service was friendly and fast though, which is a plus.
2	If you need a quick fix of mexican food on the go at CLT, this works, but don't expect  anything incredible. Cheap, quick and basic. The chicken was dry and sub par, the rice was likely from a box, but it was pretty much what you'd expect for an airport burrito bar.
3	Kept us going on a marathon multileg flight --- definitely a cut above your average terminal food.Good beans, good cheese, and surprisingly good salsa.Don't know if I'd patronize a center-of-town burrito place at this level --- but for an airport, it gets the job done.
4	Agree w Emily N. great stop in E concourse. Opt for the chopped steak burrito (small is plenty big) chips and hot salsa!
3	Not terrible for a quick stop in the airport.  Especially if you are trying to avoid the fries and burger standards.  It was quick and fresh. A bit skimpy on the meat.
1	Its not that hard to smile and pretend the customer exists.  They also burnt the breakfast food.  Don't go for breakfast.  They are more interested in talking to the other staff than working.
2	Below average Mexican food but better than Taco Bell. We got a veggie bowl and chips/salsa.
2	The gal I dealt with glared at me. Like she dared me to waste her precious time with my stupid order. Then she literally threw the contents of my tacos together and slid them down the line.I give low ratings to businesses that throw my food.2013 #171 / 365
1	I ordered chips with guacamole and side of fajita vegetables.  Chips were light and crispy, no complaints here.  Guac was so loaded with onion it was difficult to taste the avocado.  The side of fajita vegetables contained 2 slivers of red bell pepper and the rest was onions.  I would only return here for chips and even that would be questionable given the unpleasant counter service.
1	Great customer service but lacking good food. Tortilla wasn't fully heated so the folks here don't know how to properly heat a tortilla and wanted to add black beans to my burrito. I was like ugh and was quick to tell him no. Any place that thinks black beans is best for a burrito definitely doesn't know it's stuff. Asked for the hottest salsa and they said it was the green one and I was skeptical but in a hurry. Boy it was not even hot and was the typical salsa verde with sweetness. Giving one star just because they were nice and good at customer service but bad at food service.
2	Bland airport Mexican food that doesn't satisfy your Mexi-cravings, but will fill you up.  It seems sort of like Chipotle's crappy little brother.  I got a large (the normal size at Chipotle) burrito with chicken that was unevenly chopped (some pieces were morsels and some could barely fit in my mouth), flavorless rice, pico de gallo, corn, onions, cilantro, lettuce, and a "little bit of sour cream."  In addition to throwing things onto the tortilla as if they were filled with all the hate and scorn of someone who has just missed a flight and been re-booked into a middle seat that doesn't recline, they threw in a huge gob of sour cream.  The one thing they have over Chipotle is the option to have cilantro and chopped onions.  How come Chipotle doesn't have that?Surly service + mediocre (but certainly edible) food + cilantro & chopped onions = 2 stars
4	Veggie burrito was very good. Try the NoDa beer in a can $ 6.50 vs $10 beers at bar next door.
4	Above average airport food. I ordered the chicken tacos with chips & guacamole. The tacos were flavorful and fresh (cilantro is a bonus) and the guacamole was good. A very refreshing option from the rest of the other gross fast-food chains. Another bonus, the staff were quick & friendly, not grumpy at all! I also agree with other reviewers that this is also a much healthier option than other places in the airport.
2	Ridiculously small portions for the amount you pay!! The employees are not friendly and seem miserable working here. You are better off paying a little more for better quality and more food somewhere else in the airport! Or just bring a lunch from home!
1	One star is too generous. You couldn't serve this food at a kennel. No redeeming quality.
5	Fast, fresh, always reliable. I had a salsarita's on my college campus so maybe I am biased. Maybe it invokes a little bit of nostalgia in me. I am a BIG mexican food fan and I enjoy this place. The menu and ordering style is similar to chipotle. But correct me if I'm wrong, I think Salsarita's was around before chipotle. Anyway, the food is always fresh and tasty. This location was very fast and efficient at lunch rush. I saw that they were changing out some trays of food and keeping things fresh. Stop by if you're having a Mexican food craving at the airport.
2	I was hungry. But I'm disappointed in Salsarita's. So the employees were not very keen on friendliness but it's an airport so I get it. And I guess this place thinks that steak is the same thing as pot roast? That's what my steak quesadilla tasted like. Yay for free refills on drinks, but if you're looking to satisfy your hunger, pass this place up.
3	We came here for lunch while waiting for our next flight.  For airport food, it was pretty decent.  I wish that I had known that some dish already includes beans / rice such that I wouldn't accidentally an extra side of it.  The service was as expected for a busy airport food stand.
4	It's Mexican-American fast food in an airport's food court. With places like these, you can already know what to expect before you even order. Salsarita's was good to me, however, and it got the job of filling my stomach done pretty well. I would personally be more interested in what the other restaurants of the airport have to offer during my next trip, but I had a good quick lunch here and can't complain.In terms of quality, this is perhaps a notch or two below Chipotle. I ordered a large burrito bowl for $7.89 and sure enough, it was all the normal contents of a burrito served in a black plastic bowl instead. Possibly because all this food was spread out rather than compacted into a tortilla, there seemed to be more food in here than what you would find in an ordinary burrito. I still can't tell whether that bowl created the illusion of more food.The rest of my family ordered a chicken nacho for $7.79. This whole thing was apparently enough to satisfy three people somehow. Probably the inclusion of rice and black beans helped to make these nachos more filling. The prices here were low, and we got all the food we needed for lunch before we had to hurry to catch our flight to Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This food is by no means award-winning, but it's appropriate for an airport like this one.
4	This was my first visit to a Salsarita's Express. I got a big portion for the price I paid and it was decent food. I ordered the steak tacos and they allow you to decide what toppings you want on the steak. I also tried the hot salsa and chip which were good.
1	Sorry, if you are going to sell burritos and call yourself "Salsarita's", and you have no salsa and no hot sauce you don't deserve even a single star. I have eaten at Salsarita's many times and enjoyed it, but this airport location should go ahead and close forever.
3	Meh, bland food and a # 2 between the two other vendors in terminal E
3	After a night spent in the airport, my dad and I were on the hunt for something decent to eat. We decided to try Salsarita's because the line was short, the prices were fair for airport food and the food looked fresh. Overall, it was an alright experience.I got a breakfast burrito with egg, bacon, lettuce etc. and it was good. Apparently, they don't usually warm up the burritos because when I asked one of the ladies she said they only do that for quesadillas. My dad got a quesadilla and I had to watch as his was done to perfection. Luckily, another server offered to warm mine up. She was without a doubt the friendliest person I met on that trip, and thank goodness for that because based on the experiences I had in the NC Airport, I would not want to visit the city.
4	This is just another one of the many burrito and taco restaurant that are similar to moes or Chipotle . Overall it is probably not that exceptional. However for being in an airport the prices are pretty good and the food is decent. I got a bowl there for about $8.
1	Bland burrito (even with salsa, cilantro, onions, everything) couldn't finish it. And the chips were way over seasoned. Queso with the chips was the most edible thing but I wouldn't order it again.
3	Not bad, not great. The better realization here folks might be that those who eat fast food think fast food is awesome.  Those that came in with 5 star expectations who ate at a fine steakhouse last night will have their hope crushed. Expectations people. I'd personally suggest to come in with zero expectations, possibly on a Thursday because you get a free beverage with a taco salad. Just enough food to hold me and another yelper over til we arrive home later.  You could always downgrade a notch and try out burger kings mystery meat next door? Good luck Mexican foodies!
