5	The Beat Booth went above and beyond our expectations. Great Music and very professional. Thanks for getting everyone dancing and for making our day so special! The Ritters
5	Amazing couple! A husband and wife team, who literally took care of everything all together, I loved everything about our big day the music, the feel, the whole day and night was perfect! Thank you both for making our special day the most special memory we have! I absolutely recommend them for your wedding and just know they will literally take care of your every need! Thanks guys! The Nelsons!!
5	My husband and I chose The Beat Booth for our wedding and they surpassed our expectations! Nathan and Erica were so friendly and organized and kept us in the loop about everything. One of the biggest compliments we got from our guests was about how great our DJ was! Our dance floor was never empty the entire night! Nathan selected the perfect songs all night, and Erica kept the flow of events smooth and seamless.The lighting was also perfectly place and created the ambiance we were hoping for! I'd book them again in a heart beat, and recommend them for anyone looking for a great night of entertainment!!
4	When I began wedding planning 13 months before our nuptials, the goal to create a unique party atmosphere, resembling that of a club.  What I thought I had invented- music video backdrops and state-of-the- art lighting effects- we found in The Beat Booth.  My husband and I met Erica and Nathan at a bridal show, and immediately joined in my excitement for a techno version of "Hava Nagila" for our Jewish Hora and obsessive amounts of Britney Spears tracks (which I wanted played every 5 songs, so that I could just stare at the screen and oogle).Once we had decided that they fit the vision for our Desert Botanical Garden winter wedding, they were flexible with our budget to provide us the extensive equipment needed for an event of 250.  Additionally, they were prompt in responding to emails and met with us several times to go over specific details- including at our venue, where they took copious notes.They went over-the-top to help us save, by providing microphones for our service, speakers for our cocktail hour, speaking with our event coordinator for our venue to link the projector, and connecting my husband's keyboard to their system for a very special performance of his vows that he wrote in a song.  The aspects that we would have changed worthy of 5 stars were probably unnoticed by the guests.  We were specific about our expectations going into coordinating, and it seemed that Nathan and Erica had full understanding and we trusted they would match the types of music suggested. My husband provided Nathan with independent music for our cocktail hour and dinner, none of which was mainstream to the point of hearing on the radio, however, during dinner, I did hear some Top 40 songs.  In watching our wedding footage, we recognized that some of the older music to open the dance floor was cheesy (i.e. "Oh, What a Night," and "Twist and Shout", when we would have preferred more Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston, and Lionel Richie).  Our middle-aged guests looked to be enjoying themselves, and we may have been more specific with our expectations when talking about what we did not want.  Additionally, a country song was played as a slow dance; this did not fit our demographic that well, as our families are from Boston and Minnesota. Lastly, when we were introduced to dance our choreographed song as husband and wife, the wrong Jason Mraz song was cued.  Nathan and Erica both apologized and amended the situation quickly.  Our large crowd required more assurance from our VJ with making announcements and maintaining time specifications, for example, no one was aware the we were cutting the cake as it was not presented in the most assertive manner possible.Our guests had much positive feedback and stayed later than we would have projected of a Sunday night wedding, and I wholeheartedly believe this was related to our unmatched entertainment. My biggest regret was that because we were running behind with speeches and dinner. we didn't have more time to dance and party with our guests!
5	The Beat Booth was a professional DJ company that we highly recommend. We used them for our wedding and they were great. They met with us before the big day to get our vision for what we needed them to do. They were available for communication in multiple ways through email or phone and were always able to talk with us about the details before the upcoming event. They also had ideas to help us make our day even better.  They also assisted with lighting in the ballroom, which was a big help. We didn't have to make another appointment and get in contact with another vendor. They took care of it for us. The lighting was really beautiful too! The music throughout the night for dinner, dancing, and then the crazy dance party was great. Everyone had a blast!! They even had screens for a video at dinner (which was outside) and a TV for music videos during the dance party. Everyone had a great time dancing!!! Nathan was a great MC and the evening flowed seamlessly. Erica was a big part in making sure things happened at the proper times. She assisted coordinating the dances with the parents as well as the bouquet toss, I am sure other things too that I don't even know were happening. The Beat booth is a great option for any party or a big event like a wedding I highly recommend this professional team!
5	What a memorable night! Thanks to Beat Booth, Nathan and Erica, and Isaac for making our Special Day a night to remember for all my family and friends. Isaac made our guests get on the dance floor the whole night and they did not even want to stop dancing. At one point everybody was on the dance floor jumping and having a great time. It was one of those snapshot moments I'll never forget. Even those guests we were not expecting to dance was dancing with all of us. Nathan and Erica was so great to work with. They were very accommodating and very professional. Thank you Beat Booth for everything!
