3	The hotel was nice, but very basic. It was about what I expected.Check in was efficient and fast. I got a room on the third floor, which was all that was left, but I like high up rooms. The television was horrible. All of the local channels were unwatchable, except ABC 15. The cable channels had a lot of snow in them, but were otherwise watchable. I find I watch very little TV on trips so after flipping through the channels, I turned the TV off for the rest of the night.Free wi-fi was a tad slow, but not bad. The room was clean and comfortable; like a Courtyard by Marriott, but smaller. The bed was average but good enough. The shower had two heads on the same nozzle - weird but nice, however the water temperature, when turned all the way up, was lukewarm at best, and started to get cold toward the end of my shower which tells me the hotel's water heating system needs improvement.The continental breakfast had a below average selection of food, and no peanut butter, which I wasn't happy about, but maybe they were taking precautions because of the peanut butter scare. They had USA Today. I love that newspaper but I only read it on trips. Overall, it was OK, but could have been better.
3	Your basic economy lodging: a modest amount of amenities with several flaws.The rooms are small, but functional with a bed, small desk and a tiny bathroom. A TV sits on top of a number of dressers, although many of the channels had poor reception. Of the more optional items, there was a coffee maker as well as a pool out back.A continental breakfast is served from 5-10 am which appears to be mostly some pastries, yogurt, cereal as well as a waffle maker. There is a small business office next to the desk where you can use the computer.The rooms meet basic cleanliness although the walls are on the thin side. Noises from the hall or adjacent rooms can be heard fairly easily. On one night, the noises from an amorous couple could be clearly heard which woke me up: as I rolled over, I sleepily muttered "Get a room." A few moments later it dawned on me that it was, in fact, exactly what they'd done.The location is convenient next to the airport: there's very easy access to and from Skyharbor. The downside of this is that you can hear planes on their take-off from one of the runways. Not so much of a problem at night, but some of the early morning take-offs could be an issue. On caveat is that they mention that they are close to the new light rail line. It's actually a fairly long hike: probably near the two mile range to the station near University Ave. There's possibly one that's closer at Skyharbor, but since you'd probably have to hike across the runways, that may be discouraged.
4	Clean, comfortable, smoke-free, fast service, nice staff.Also, their complimentary breakfast had a nice variety of food items. There is juice and coffee; bagels, yogurts, waffles and cereals.The hotel was a lot nicer than I expected, and I would definitely stay here again.
3	Decent rooms which were clean and roomy enough.  Desk personnel were helpful and friendly.  Close to the airport however, not many restaurants within walking distance.  Price was a little higher then expected.  I would stay here again.
4	very clean, comfortable new CLEAN beds, CLEAN bathrooms and facility. complimentary breakfast by the lobby, pet friendly, attentive staff. Affordable rates and the Italian restaurant that delivers here had pretty decent food with large portions.Not a 5 star hotel of course, but for one night it was perfectly decent being so clean and comfortable. Free wi-fi was pretty speedy. We were completely satisfied.
4	I have stayed here many times, and have no doubt that this is the best deal close to the PHX airport.  This is not somewhere to go on vacation, but if you need a few hours of sleep, I highly recommend it.  Sleep Inn is a "value" brand, but this property is far better than most in this bracket.  Clean rooms with real (not built-in) but basic furniture, free wi-fi, 20% off at Hilton restaurant across the street.  Attentive staff, good van service to airport.  If you have to spend any time here without a car, there is easy access to public transportation and during the cooler half of the year it is a pleasant walk to Mill Avenue in Tempe with the associated restaurants etc..  No bathtub, just a modular shower.
1	I would avoid this hotel at all costs, unless everything else is full. The "deluxe" breakfast mentioned in their advertising is pretty gross, primarily consisting of microwaved tater tots, microwave canned gravy, and microwaved link sausages. There is also cereal (limited selection), super-weak coffee, imitation apple and orange juice and the ever-present cabinet of refrigerated hard-boiled eggs. I stay in hotels 200 nights a year, and it is the worst hotel breakfast I've ever seen. My room had molding around the bathroom door that looked like it had been installed by a child. There were finishing nails protruding that tore my skin when I walked past. The hotel laundry door, next to the lobby elevator, is usually open, and that room is disgracefully dirty, with cobwebs hanging from the ceiling. It's quite an eyesore! This property should not be allowed to keep the Sleep Inn brand. It reeks of cheapness, and extreme cost-cutting measures. Avoid this one if at all possible. Stay at one of the other economical properties across the street.
1	Two words: Bed bugs.Didn't realize it until the next day...when the bites showed up. GROSS.Aside from that, the airport shuttle was really convenient.We stayed here in September 2013, I probably should have posted my review months ago to warn other potential guests. But perhaps they've got the problem under control by now....In any case, I would never stay here again or recommend that anyone stay here.
1	I'm shocked to see that this place is holding a three-star rating. All I can figure is that the owners & their friends have been posting stellar reviews for themselves. (I know Yelp doesn't allow it, but they can't always figure it out, can they?) The absolute ONLY thing this hotel has going for it is it gives you transportation to and from the airport with friendly drivers (although the shuttle itself is a shabby, beat-up van). That is IT for the positives! They are begging to go out of business. It is also not convenient to any amenities if you are without a rental car (no good restaurants, no markets, etc). The room had a horrendous odor (think horse stable) and had very minimal lighting, so if it's not daytime you can't see very well. The microwave and tv remote didn't even work. If you need to do some laundry, the washing machine is covered in filth. I don't know if anybody who works here is an American citizen. The breakfast is hard to stomach. Who eats tater tots for breakfast? I would say the juices are definitely just made from chemicals and dyes mixed in water. The waffles, English muffins, and hard-boiled eggs are the only edible things there. You can tell they put zero money into this place to maintain it. My husband thinks it would be a good idea to suggest that the health department pay them a visit. Likely the only thing that keeps this place open is the airline crews that are forced to stay here if the airlines don't care enough to put them up at decent places.
1	I forgot to mention that the wifi at this hotel is nonexistent. They say they have it, but it'll show "unstable connection", and you can't pull up anything. When you ask around, other guests say they have the same issue.
1	Dirty, how hard is it to clean up the litter outside and vacuum into the corners of carpeting? Several things were broken in room, had to request another, no tub just a shower with out enough shelf space, internet problems, I  will not return.
