3	Scrap Happy Sisters is nice to have close to home but not a must see.  The store is clean but feels crowded. Items are organized by theme which can make it easier to find what your looking for, or in this case, mean you need to look all around the store to find the pink paper flowers.  The scrappers in the work area did seem to be having a fun time so If you live nearby and like to scrap in store it may be worth a try.
4	Nice store with a good die cut machine.  Owner was very helpful.  I would go back again.  They seemed to have a lot of stuff.  More variety than Michael's or Joann.
3	I have been here several times over the span of 3 years, and they do receive new product, however there is still a lot of older stuff in the store, which is good if you need something older, but there is not a lot of trendier stuff.  I have also taken some card classes here in the past and the teacher was great.  Sometimes I am greeted when I come in, sometimes not.  I would not go out of the way to visit, but if you live near and need to run in for something quick, I would recommend.
5	Scraphappy Sisters is a MUST if you scrapbook!  I have taken MANY classes here, and have learned more about scrapbooking over the last few years than I ever thought I would.  I read the above comments, and am not sure about the store having older merchandise, as every time I am at the store, new merchandise is being stocked.  I always find something new each visit.  Sometimes it takes longer to sell items than anticipated, so maybe that is what the Penny Lane comment is all about.  As a small business owner myself, I know how difficult it is to please everyone all the time, but this store comes as close as possible to doing exactly that.  Just ask for help, and believe me, you will get it!LOVE the store, and the staff!It truly is MY HAPPY PLACE!
3	-Smaller Scrapbook store with lots of stuff.-Older stuff in clearance basket, some decent deals.-Good selection of scrapbook stuff, alittle bit of everything by theme.-Big classroom area with lots of workspace, about 1/4 of the store.-Good selection of tools in the classroom part of the store.-Prices alittle higher than other Scrapbook stores.-Sometimes friendly. One lady is not very friendly, maybe she is not a happy sister?-Clean restroom.-Convenient parking.-It's like a Circle K of Scrapbook stores, but not a place I would buy all my stuff.
2	This store has a pretty good variety of products, my biggest complaint is the lack of good service.   The same woman has been there each time I've gone in, and she is very unfriendly and not very helpful.She has never smiled or seemed interested in helping me find a specific item.  It doesn't make sense to me, especially if she is the owner.  Does she not want to sell her merchandise and make money?Other than that it is a fun store to look through, they have a much bigger selection than Michael's or Joann.  The prices are high on some things, like the clear stamps and brads.
3	So, I'm working on a few scrapbook projects, and decided it was time to work on some decor for the apartment.  I have some great photos I want to hang on my walls from recent trips, and instead of purchasing frames, I decided to get creative and make my own type frame with scrapbooking supplies.  I was in the market for chip board, which is a real heavy, thick book like material.  Its very sturdy and thick, and wanted to use this as the backdrop for my photos.Finding chipboard has been a bit of a pain in the butt.  I couldn't find it at any of the major retailers, and figured I had to go to a specialty store to get some.  That's fine, I go to the specialty stores anyways, so its not a problem.  Plus, all of them are small businesses, so I'm really killing two birds with one stone.  I get my supplies, and I'm supporting a small family run business.  Every one wins, right?I found scrap happy sisters on Yelp and gave them a shout today on the phone.  Its hot, and I wanted to make sure they had my supplies before I drive across town and waste my time.  When I called in, the lady was kinda rude and on the phone.  I asked her if she had chip board, and she was like "yea." I asked her what sizes, and she told me.  I asked her what time they were open until, and she was like "o, yea midnight since I'm having a class."  O, well excuse me for interrupting your day there princess hope things are getting better for you at the castle.  Anyways, the store itself is cute and has some great products.  Classrooom seems a bit tight, and was packed when I was there.  They must have been having some kind of all day scrap a thon going on, because there wasn't an empty seat to be found.  Prices seemed fine on supplies, but I would steer clear of their scrapbooks as they seemed a bit over priced.Overall, the store is okay, but the lady behind the counter is really not friendly and unhelpful. I literally had to beg her to help me, and so I deducted 2 stars. I might go back, but not quite sure yet.
