4	Almost a year later and Mr. K's review's still correct.  The gym's still "unsullied" and looking "brand spanking new."I go there whenever I'm in town visiting family.  It's never crowded.  Even when there's a fair number of cars in the lot, you can usually find a spot really close to the door (for the safety conscious, lazy, or don't-like-the-heat types).  The place is cavernous with tons of equipment, so you never have to wait long for a weight machine, if at all, and you never have to wait for an elliptirunner.  I've gone there at times during the day and had the entire pool to myself. The TV screens all work though sometimes many are tuned to the same channel.  I'm sure staff would change that if I was willing to get off the machine long enough to go ask.  There aren't a ton of classes.  Some yoga, some aqua , some of the standard quick-fit classes that all the 24 hours seem to carry now.  I've taken one yoga class there.  It wasn't too full and the instructor was nice.  It wasn't very strenuous but it was very relaxing. If you're in the area and you're looking for a gym to work out at, you should definitely check this one out. If you're looking to meet or pickup someone, probably not.  The place is so empty that if you were to walk up to someone, everyone would notice.  A great place for people who want to work out in a sparkling clean environment and not have to deal with a lot of interaction with anyone else.
5	This is the best 24 Hour Fitness I have discovered in Arizona. Spotless and clean, it has my favorite eliptical. The mostest awesomest feature: the incredible stretching machine. You basically do certain poses as pictured and it stretches out those particular muscles. For this grad student too cheap to pay for a trainer it is golden.
5	This is the location I signed up at and although it is not the closest to my house it is the cleanest and newest location. The place is fairly large and offers more machines that the one closet to me. At times yes it does get busy at peak hours but it tends to not be too bad and dies out quickly . I never have to wait for a machine and there isn't too many roid junkies screaming and scaring people. The staff is nice and always helpful. It is clean and seems very new still, I always see a cleaning person there cleaning in the evenings. This is my gym of choice and go out of my way for this location everyday. Some other locations close at night on the weekends but this one is open 24/7 365.
5	I have been a member to many gyms and this one is by far my favorite.  The facility is very clean, their janitorial staff  also works 24 hours.  They also have plenty of equipment so Im never stuck waiting for an available machine (Very Important)  and the staff is very friendly.  I have already got my family, classmates, and friends to sign up and they also love it.  If you are looking to sign up for a gym, you should definitely check this place out.
5	After indulging in my three course meal last night for Yelp Eats, I'm reminded again to do my penance at the gym.I've been a member for about 6 months, and it's all been great.  The equipment is clean and new.  They have a decent selection of TV shows that I can watch to try and distract myself from the sweat dripping into my eyes.  They have one group fitness room and a good selection of classes.  They post the group schedule online so you can plan accordingly.  There are people of all shapes, sizes and fitness levels.  Also, if you buy your membership from Costco, it's a pretty unbeatable deal.
4	So, I finally did it. I splurged and got a gym membership and am trying to create the new habit of exercise. So far, this 24-Hour fitness is doing it's part! I've been at various times and never had to wait for a treadmill. My only gripe is that it could stand to be a little cooler in there.I did the Monday night yoga class with Tara and it was the best yoga class I've been to in a loooong time! She's a very thorough instructor and provides gentle feedback to ensure you're getting the postures right.
4	This location is a true 24 hour fitness, which is nice. But it is a long drive from my downtown Phoenix home. I choose this one over the Camelback one sometimes, if I have to be up NW. The gym seems fairly new, and it is rarely crowded. They are just one story, which I prefer. The classes are mostly pretty good. I have gone to the morning and weekend classes, and most of the time the instructors do a great job, except for the yoga classes. I prefer yoga classes with a true yogi.  The shower area is a bit larger than other 24 Hours I've been to, and the locker room is a lot nicer than most. The instructors are semi-friendly (not that much though), and depending on the front desk staff...they are sometimes indifferent and sometimes mildly friendly. The manager is definitely not too excited to be working there. I have a membership since I had purchased a 3-year deal in Texas, so I got a great membership deal back then.
4	Still a fan of this 24-Hour. The temperature has improved, though it does seem like they take a long time to get things fixed (a TV, hole in the ceiling and the currently broken front door, for example...) But, they DO get fixed.I have been enjoying Marcy's Tuesday night Body Pump class. The only draw back is that there is a Spin class immediately after and when the bikes are getting dragged into position while you're trying to pick up your Body Pump equipment it gets a little rough.
3	Pretty good gym but nothing special.  I travel all around the country and this wasn't exactly the crem de la crem.  Nothing bad at all though.  Everyone seems to pick up after themselves and pretty cool with each other.  The eye candy is at a bare minimum too.  I didn't see but maybe one female that was in decent shape.  I think all of the members that are good looking take the zumba classes.  The equipment there is a little more up to date which makes it nice. The cardio machines are in great shape and the universal and free weights all are up to date.Certainly better than the one on Camelback road or anywhere else in Phoenix
4	Of all the 24 Hour Fitness I've been to in Phoenix (this, Camelback and Bell Rd), this gym is the cleanest and with better equipment.Camelback location is a rat hole. It's  dirty, stinky, and frequented by sweaty meatheads who doesn't rerack weights and plates. Worst of all, my locker was broken into and money stolen.The Bell Rd location is better than Camelback, however not as clean as the Metro Parkway location.
4	This location is like the best kept secret.  Although the area is a bit ghetto, this gym is in great condition, clean, patrons who have gym etiquette and a solid range of equipment.  Whenever I need to be on this side of town, I pack a gym bag.If I were to give any criticism it would be that there's not a lot of natural light/windows towards the back of weight room area but otherwise, this place is excellent.
4	I've been to La Fitness, Pure Fitness, and Bally's. I prefer 24 Hour Fitness to all of those. For one, it doesn't stink like sweaty balls when you walk in, this location is open 24 hours even on the weekends, and I hardly ever have to wait for my favorite machines. They keep the place fairly clean  although some of the machines (especially the ab blaster) could use some TLC. It's fun to people watch and there are some really sexy men that work out there, even more of an incentive.
5	The BEST place to workout in Phoenix!  The facility is immaculate, the equipment is great, and the staff is even better!
5	I like it
5	I love 24 Fitness! The membership was very affordable. I got a 2 yr membership through Costco. About $15 a month. The gym is close to my house and open 24 hours. The staff is very friendly. Will McAdams lifted up one of the machines to help me find an earring that I lost. He found it. Did I mention how strong he was? HA! I've lost 13 pounds and I and I feel great. 5 stars for sure!
5	This is the first gym and staff in all of my years that has actually led me to stay and LOVE what I'm doing for myself. I can't stress that enough. I've tried so many other gyms but quit or felt too much pressure by douchebag personal trainers. As soon as I talked to Will, I felt SO comfortable and was ready to take the plunge. Surprisingly, the membership was extremely affordable. I signed up with a personal trainer, Kaitlyn, and even THAT was affordable. I know, personal training, affordable? Unheard of... but I swear, they broke it up into monthly payments and worked with my financial situation until I was 100% comfortable. No pressure, no gimmicks, no bullsh*t. They greet you by name and treat you like family. I love and would recommend this gym to anyone who wants to lose weight and get healthy!Side note:  Kaitlyn is absolutely AMAZING if you're looking for a personal trainer. She is honest and sweet... not something you usually expect from a personal trainer, at least in my experience. This gym is ridiculously clean, too. People say it's a "ghetto area" and maybe it is... but it's immaculate on the inside. 5 stars any day!
4	I've been going to the gym for a couple of months.  It's the first gym I've been to in Phoenix so I can't compare it to others.My initial introduction was done by Beau and he was polite and professional.  No rush and no pressure.  The staff makes a point to welcome you by your first name and say goodbye when you leave.  I've asked a couple of questions and they were helpful.The place is large and there are plenty of machines.  I've been at different times of the day/night and I haven't had any problems, except for the ab machine.  It seems that everyone likes the same machine so you have to keep your eye out for it.  Other than that you won't have a problem finding the machines you need.The pool and jacuzzi are nice and clean.  I read a comment about the locker room and I can understand.  They need to devote one area to people who are leaving the pool or shower.  The tile floors can create puddles that are hard to work around when you are trying to change clothes.  Some indoor/outdoor carpeting in the right areas could probably solve the problem.Other than that, the place is clean, has plenty of parking, plenty of machines, great location for me, and good staff.
4	Nice new gym - lots of machines, big basketball gym, pool, and a good childcare. Everything is nice and clean and new. The employees are friendly and it doesn't get overly crowded. My only drawback is that the Group X room is kind of long and narrow and seems a little small. Other than that, I'm a fan.
1	Unfortunately, I have to update my review and take back my previous one. The personal training program is a sham... and way too expensive to risk finding out for yourself. I was with my personal trainer for a month with a strict low-calorie diet and exercising 5x a week (strength training and cardio)... but saw no results. I tried to cancel it, but they had already charged me for two months instead of one (plus the sign up fee and regular gym fees). I spoke to the membership manager who would not refund my money even though my report showed NO weight loss and NO loss of inches. That's fine - keep your money if that's what makes you feel better, rather than understanding a customer who is not satisfied with your program. Very sad to see gyms still operating on the value of a dollar instead of customer satisfaction.I went to a different gym (and signed up with a different trainer) - saw results immediately.
4	So it's either freeeezing in this place or really hot-- I don't like it when it's warm, even when it's cold outside, because 1. I'm working out and I'm going to get warm from cardio, so don't worry about me being cold, and 2. heat + men that I'm pretty sure didn't put on deodorant before heading out, lifting things up and putting them down = BLECH!There's always parking.Haven't taken any classes here, so don't ask.The equipment is all right.Staff are friendly and helpful, not too pushy.And a word to the wise, CLEAN YOUR MACHINE!!! Before AND after you use it.... workout karma.
3	This 24 Hour Fitness is true to its name as it is open 24 hours 7 days a week.  This club is busier and the guests reflect the location.  I prefer the location at 43rd & Bell but that's because its only 2 miles from where I live.  This location at Metro Center is generally clean but I think the staff at the Bell location are much nicer.
2	I was a member of the is gym 3 years ago.  Due to my early working hours I thought this would be a perfect fit.  It was a great fit for about 6 months until my car was broken into.  Personal items were taken as well as broken glass.  After speaking with the staff, nothing was done nor any apologies made.  I was never able to feel comfortable going back.Giving this 2 stars because nothing wrong with the gym, I think the issue was the staff/security and location
5	My fiance and I have been going to this gym for almost a year.It sometimes can be a little warm in the gym lately, but it doesn't slow me down so it' doesn't bother me really.The staff is always top notch!  Kai and Jason are always so friendly and nice to us when we check in! Managers Dustin and Brad are the best! Personal trainers Ali and Mike O are the most friendly and caring guys you'll meet.  I've had sessions with Mike O since April and have lost around 3% body fat and a load of inches.  Although I know I could be much more fit had I watched my eating habits but that's not Mike's fault.  Thanks to Mike, I have also seen massive improvement in areas I wanted to help "accentuate" on my body.Another plus for me is the gym isn't full of body builders or swimsuit models hogging the mirrors. No creepers, talkers, grunters, and narcissists here!  They're mostly nice people as I was a new girl to everything.  Some of the guys even offer to help me with things I can't reach or too heavy of weights to change out.  And for my fiance, while he was new to using weights, guys were friendly enough to give him some pointers or advice.If you're looking for a friendly gym with great managers and staff then this is it! They won't hound you for personal training or brush you off if you have a question about any equipment. Which by the way, the equipment is good. I don't have any complaints there.
4	A typical 24 hr fitness.  Nice location. Friendly staff members.
5	This place is freaking awesome...  the staff members are very cool and friendly.   Best place too work out in Arizona.. I recommend it to everyone to join here at 24hour fitness metro
4	Four points for having a very visible security guy hanging out in the parking lot! This is important to me because my car was broken into at the LA Fitness on Northern/19th location last year. One point off for flickering overhead lights (not enough to induce a seizure, but annoying regardless), and for being too hot in the building. I do like this gym, however, because it's convenient, not too crowded, and the staff is friendly and not pushy. I told them up front I didn't want a personal trainer, and so far, no one has bugged me about it. The machines are a bit older and worn, but very clean and someone is always scrubbing them. The TVs all work well and so far, most of the machines do too. The decor is outdated and cheezy, but who cares? Hopefully they'll change the overhead lights so we can workout without squinting. It's probably more of a 3.5 rating, but we'll go with 4!
4	NICEST 24HR SPORT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!I have the all sport membership and I've been to multiple 24hr Sports gyms in San Diego and the Bay Area, and this is the best one by far! I found out it was supposed to be a super sport (meaning a higher level of membership) but they made it into a regular club sport instead. So you're quite lucky if you just have a regular membership and decide to go here.GRRRRRRREAT FOR GYM JUNKIES!!!Even though this review is being written right after New Years and everyone decides to get fit and healthy as a New Year Resolution, I still don't have a problem utilizing the machines and benches I want. ONE thing that I am all so very THANKFUL for is something that I always encounter at gyms and NOT have yet here. THERE ARE NO CREEPY OLD GUY DRYING THEIR BALLS in the HAND DRYER!! YAYYYYYYYY!!! (hoping it stays that way!)KUDOS!! To the gym manager for replying to the other reviews here and trying to resolve the issues mentioned.. That's a  definite rarity, so here's what I think hinders you from a perfect 5 star rating...#1- I told one of your employees that 3 of the stair masters were not working. (I spent 5 minutes out of my work out discovering this, and I decided to be a good gym junkie comrade and report this so others wouldn't waste 5 minutes as well.) but your employee did nothing. I believe policy is to put a out of order sign, yeah?#2- insufficient amount of paper towel machines and cleaning bottles. I think I only saw 4? They should be easily accessible for people like me who like to make MY MUSCLES CRY SWEAT and like to be CONSIDERATE TO MY FELLOW GYM JUNKIES by cleaning after myself.#3- I'm not trying to be vain, but you need more mirrors sir! We need to be able to check our form and see our sexy progress happening!OVERALL FOUR STARS, AND THIS IS MY DEFAULT GYM... RECOMMEND!!
5	This is one if the best 24 hour fitness in the Phoenix area. It is clean machines r not worn out, staff friendly and it's never busy. Great place to work out!!!
5	Got a knee injury in the Marines luckily they got a lap pool for good cardio. It has everything except a padded martial arts room. But has a kids room so someone watch the kids while you work out and has polite staff.
5	There's a great environment in 24 hour fitness. Plenty of weigh for anyone serious about their fitness and has a wide variety of machines from free weights to cable machines. The pool is always well kept as well as the sauna steam room and got tub. Overall it's a great gym. I'd recommend anyone to sign up here.
5	This is the best 24 hour fitness in Phoenix. I've been to 5 other locations for one reason or another but this one is the cleanest, best maintained , and over all a good energetic vibe from everyone that goes here.
3	A regular location for me but I've seen a few better locations while traveling. If you can get passed the lingering naked old men in the locker room then you'll be fine.
1	very bad lady who's name jakie,she is like beach,does not respect the customs,we just want get the pass back,she told us to wait just because she was on the phone,after she finish,she keep say bad word to us,and told us get up the building,ok we will call your manager,and see who will get up the building first..very bad lady, I don't know why she can still keep working in this fitness,if she still in,we go,we will go la fitness instead
4	Good classes, seldom crowded. Upkeep of facilities good. Some weird people go here but mostly it's nice. Friendly staff and very good kids club staff
3	At first, the gym is a 4-star rating.  But as you workout there more, and settle into a rhythm, certain things begin itching and scratching at you.  It's for these reasons, the overall experience has dropped from a 4 to a 3-star rating for me.As you enter, the facilities look great.  High ceilings, lots of space, nice and bright.  Big rec room.  Rows and rows of machines.  Free weight section.  There's a three-lane pool.  A wet steam sauna and a dry sauna.  Showers, locker rooms.  All there, right?  Right....Then after the 10th visit you start to notice "Boy, these urinals are ALWAYS dirty.  That's nasty and unpleasant."  By your 10th time in the pool you start realizing, "Hmm, I've actually NEVER seen anyone test or treat the pool water....that's...great."Then you find yourself wondering "Why isn't the rec room ever cooled or well ventilated?  Why isn't there any boxing equipment (heavy bag and double end bag at least), how come there isn't ONE decline bench for free range situps?  And WHY does the staff prohibit you from sitting at one of there DOZEN VACANT DESKS to read, wait, or hangout when there are never more than three desks ever in use?!?!"So, it's perhaps like any relationship.  Starts out sparkly and clean, but over time, the luster seems to tarnish and you start noticing how with the slightest effort to improve little things, they'd go a long way towards improving the overall experience.My big takeaway from 24 Hour Fitness, it could be SO much better if they just tried a little harder to keep things cleaner, a little more modern (do away with the old ab roller machines, and bring in boxing equipment), a little more comfortable (keep the rec room clean and cool), and clean those walls and ceilings!  I don't want to be breathing in dust and crap while exercising!Here's to hoping someone on their staff reads these reviews.  They'd benefit from listening to their customers' experiences.PROS:Gym is large and bright.Body Pump class is pretty intense!  Doesn't look too hard but about 40 minutes into the class, you're struggling.Swimming pool, steam sauna, and dry sauna!  Holla!Multiple stairmaster machines (a big + in my book as many other gyms only have 1 or 2).Full-size basketball court!  Sweet!People who workout here are all really nice for the most part.They've got an entire little indoor playground for kids.  I don't have any kids myself, but it looks like the kids enjoy the space.CONS:MUST clean men's bathroom urinals more frequently.  It's not a good look going in there and every time it looks like it's been a day since the last cleaning.  Clean those urinals every 2-3hrs.  C'mon folks!  Keep it CLEAN!  Where're our monthly dues going?!The ceilings and air vents in the pool look filthy.  I don't know if these have ever been cleaned, but by the looks of it, they haven't been.The ceilings in the basketball court also looks completely neglected.  Lots of dust, cracks, holes in the ceiling.Never sure how frequently the pool/water in the hot tub / saunas are treated....they should have some sort of record.  I've also never seen anyone treating the pool water.  Ever.Rec room is NEVER cool.  Why is this?  Is it not connected to the HVAC AC?  Cool the room!  Also, ignore the 1" of dust that just seems to be allowed to settle in the corners.  WHY would you schedule the ONLY two classes on Saturdays (Body Pump and Yoga) to start back to back without ANY time for exit/entry of new class participants?!?!  The Body Pump people need time to break down.  The Yoga people are waiting anxiously outside the rec room door prepared to entire at 10am sharp.  Why not start Yoga at 1030?  Maybe start it at 1015?  The rest of the day, the rec room is vacant.  Makes no sense.Tons of space is wasted up front on desks for employees.  At any given time of day, I have only seen three of these desks utilized.  Turn this area into a sitting area, a place where people can read the magazines you have provided guests, chill, or hangout instead of putting 2/3 chairs out in the entryway.  You've created an entire indoor playground for the kids!  Give the grownups ONE space where they can chill, sit, read, and relax!Wish they had SOME boxing equipment.  A heavy bag + double end bag + speed bag would be outrageously popular, and most other gyms have this by now.  There's plenty of space in this gym to accommodate such equipment--just remove some of the ancient ab machines or a few of the dozens ellipticals that rarely more than 5 people are ever on at any given point in time.  They don't have any decline plank chairs for situps.  What?  Thought this was pretty basic and almost mandatory gym equipment.  For abs, they instead have ab roller machines and a abs ball throwing apparatus off in the ancillary part of the gym.  Few people use either of these.  Would love to see a pull up bar with hanging leg lift straps instead, OR, the aforementioned boxing equipment.
3	Overall it's a decent place to work out, but more and more I'm finding the members are lazy and inconsiderate of others.  This comment due to lack of putting their weights away after use.  Although it's a part of the rules, no one seems to adhere to them, and worse yet, the staff does nothing to correct the problem.  Yesterday morning @ 7:00, the clerk was more interested in playing on his cell phone than walking the gym picking up where members left off.  This morning was refreshingly different, the clerk (Eli) kept busy picking up trash, putting equipment back to their rightful locations and very pleasant.  Other employees need to follow his example.  These problems can be corrected if management actually paid attention  to the operation of their gym.
5	Probably one of the cleaner clubs in town!  Great staff!  Thank you!
1	went in with a member who had a pass... Never been to any 24/7 fitness thought what could it hurt... Couldn't redeem the free 3 day trial because my address was from out of town. They wanted 20$ for the workout. Horrible arrogant customer service, no wonder the gym was empty... Looked like nice equipment tho. Good luck circle jerking here!
