2	I went to the location by the meadows mall (not on yelp so I reviewed this one).  When I went they were having a cheap special so I decided to check it out.  I've had my eyebrows threaded before & I liked it, but this time I would have rather had them waxed.  When I get my eyebrows waxed they always wipe off the excess hair so it doesn't get in my eye.  At eyebrows are us, she did not even attempt to wipe the hair off & I kept getting tons of hairs in my eye & when I would try to rub it out of my eyes, she seemed annoyed that she had to stop for a second.  My eyebrows were already shaped the way I like them with an arch, all I needed was a little touch up.  She completely changed the shape of my eyebrows and made them just look straight across with no arch.  Then after I told her I didn't like them thin, she kept making them thinner.  They're not horrible, but they're just not the way that I usually have them or like them & I believe the lady didn't listen to my preferences at all.
4	I've been here about four times now. I've always been happy with the results, for $3.99 eyebrow threading this can't be beat.
3	I come here all the time to get my eyebrows threaded by Fary. Followed her from the Craig and Jones location. She always leaves my eyebrows looking great. Only complaint is there's usually a long waiting period at this location. Either way, you can't beat the price!
5	I found this place when shopping next door. Whenever I go to this location, it's never packed. The wait is no more than 10 minutes. The price for brow threading is quite reasonable. I pay $7 for mine and tip $3. Back in Cali, I was paying over $10 just to get my brows done. Make sure to tip!!!
4	I love this place. I ONLY go to Faree. I think that's how you spell her name. She's the only one who does exactly what I say. Everyone else there likes to thin out your eyebrows =( I think Faree is the manager. Very cheap!
5	I usually have the older Indian lady do my brows even though I'm not picky with who does them. I noticed that when she does them, it doesn't hurt. Lol!
4	For a limited time they have $5 eyebrow threading on Mon, Thursday and Sunday. May want to call in to recheck the days I listed.
1	You get what you pay for. Their prices are great but they never ask what you are looking for. They ask you to have a seat and thread your eyebrows however THEY want. On my last visit, I tried to explain I was trying to grow my eye brows out...they did the opposite and left them completely uneven. l will not be returning!
4	Best place to get threading!  Price is very reasonable.  Faree (spelling? ) Is my favorite :-)
4	The look of this place is an eye-sore when you enter, but hey, i'm not here for their decor. I come here cause I finally found a lady that can do my brows well!! The service is great for only $7 and not as costly or burgeois as other threading places. That, and this place has many convenient locations across the valley. Though I woudnt rank others the same as this one. Stay browlicious folks!
4	Very affordable, Neelu Rai is my new favorite ! I only went to her a few times and she recognizes me every time, making me feel welcomed. Shes great at what she does, & I'm so glad I found her! Thanks Neelu ;X
