2	The good first of all, it's clean, it's warm and they show live sports (usually not the ones you want to watch).  The selection in beers is ok, but hey, this is a local.The bad, they have toilet attendants, and by attendant i mean creepy old bastard who stands beside the door and tries to shake your hand when you leave. When I came back and hour later, I found him collapsed in the corner. It's the kind of place that if you died, I'm not sure anyone would notice for a while...
2	On the outside this place has a good sign, but looks dull, lifeless and, to be honest, pretty rough.  When you walk gingerly inside those expectations are met and excelled.  Not to sound too disrespectful, but you have your classic posse of sixty-five year old men slumped on the bar, giving you sideways glances from the moment you step in.  The bar staff are friendly enough and, as with most pubs in the area, the drinks are quite cheap.  Although the pub plays live football on the Tv and does its own quiz night, it really isn't enough if it's to attract anyone other than just the elderly locals.  I won't be coming here again but if you're into small, cosy bars which just let you watch the world go by then this could just be for you.
4	Having only made a brief trip into The Brunswick Bar in the name of Yelp duties, I sadly didn't get to experience the shit-smeared toilet with the drunken and overbearing attendant, which is a shame as that could have been the pub's piece de resistance that bagged that golden fifth star.Like the others, I found it shifty, unwelcoming, and with a distinctive stench of urine, but for the rough and ready local alcoholics, it's a godsend. Cheap booze and endless sport on the tellies as well.
4	Well it's now 11:49 am.sitting having a pint of Kronenburg.  It's quite cheap here. The place has had a makeover,and a Good job too. staff pleasant,met a few old mates from the Old Salt from 15 years ago,they have aged,I haven't.  ( my view)All in all a nice wee pub. Read some bad reviews,but it's a nice boozer.Hey ho away to go!
