3	Nice terrace outside. The standard St-Hubert menu, of course. Service was acceptable but not overly efficient. Odd that you can only get white meat (chicken breast) on your salad, no dark meat option. Even odder that a salad comes with a side salad.... yes, you get coleslaw with any salad order.
3	Love the fruit and goat cheese salad ... but to enjoy you have to overlook the surly, inattentive wait staff.  Not a kid-friendly place. We were offered the selection of one table right by the restroom because we had a stroller.  According to the waiter, this was the only table in the entire restaurant that could accommodate children.  We would have gladly accepted the table if the dining room had been full but there was only one other table seated in the entire restaurant.  We left. There are too many great restaurants in the area to put up with grouchy, unhelpful staff.
3	Part of St. Catherine's has been changed to be a pedestrian zone and one of the restaurants that's there is St. Hubert's. This is a restaurant that didn't do well in Ontario but still maintains a presence in Quebec. Being a fan of Swiss Chalet, I wanted my family to have a comparison basis between the two, so, I went with a friend of mine. It was busy on a Saturday night at 7:30 pm, and we had to wait for a table. Not an unreasonable wait. When we finally got a table, it was near the back in a large booth that accomodated us. Food was good, standard quarter chicken dinner with ribs. My friend had chicken and a salad. My wife had a quarter chicken dinner and my kids had the nuggets which came in a "cab" shaped container, they thought it was quite novel. Naturally, there is colouring for the kids. Refills on soft drinks were a little dicey, and I think I was charged another $3 for a refill, something they don't do at Swiss Chalet in Ontario. I did ask my friend whether it was just the fact that they were picking on us because we were from Ontario and whether as a Quebecer, they got free refills. He just looked at me like I was from Mars and advised me very politely that he doesn't ask for refills. The food was good and filling, portions were good for me. Prices were a little higher than what I am used to with Swiss Chalet, and even with them I think I am still not getting good value.
3	Cold, wet and exhausted Krista M and I realized we were in front of this St Cat's St Hubert. This is like a classy St Hubert with a hostess and nice big windows, but really you're getting what you always get. Medium caliber rotisserie chicken, ribs, deep fried cheese bites and things like that. But the truth is, a pitcher of beer and some roasty and greasy things are sometimes exactly what you need and this joint on this particular night definitely did not disappoint.
2	St-Hubert serves food that's easy to please- I mean, who doesn't like chicken right? It's very conveniently located right at Place Des Festivals and always booming with tourists and locals in town for a special event or show.Unfortunately, the food is rather bland and service is lacking.Their classic rotisserie chicken for which they are supposed to be known for is often dry (chicken skin wouldn't peel off nicely, it was all dry and stuck) and portions are extremely small. Not sure what kind of chicken they use, but if I order a quarter leg elsewhere, I see a big difference in size.It's not just the chicken, but pretty much any side you get with it, you'll get very little. The equivalent of a small handful of fries, or if you want rice, looks like they use an ice cream scoop to measure it out.Yes they do have unlimited cole slaw, bread and sauce - but it's only as much as they will serve you. Because service is often slow, it's a hassle to search for your waiter and they almost make you feel bad for asking more.There are times where the service is fast, but not in a good way, and this is usually on an evening where there's a big show at Place Des Arts. The staff  is aware that many people will need to be done by a certain time, so they practically chase you out and give you the bill before you have time to ask for dessert.I wouldn't bother with dessert anyways, the fact that they have an open kitchen, you can see how the food is prepared and they use microwaves to reheat their cakes.Once I came with my family, busy like always, they couldn't even get us proper drinks. Soda was flat and warm, the glass was colder than the drink itself.Food quality is inconsistent, portions are a joke. I never leave there feeling full or satisfied. St-Hubert is only loosely worth it if you go to an Express restaurant where the prices are slightly cheaper and you don't have to tip.
4	This may not be the classy French restaurant one would hope to see in Montreal, but boy did it hit the spot. Basically all comfort food: the basic rotisserie chicken, ribs, fries, drinks. The drinks were pretty well made, as a bartender myself I went for another round, though the mojito did have a bit more mint than I would've liked. We had the specialty st. hubert poutine which was really good - the sauce was just a bit heavy and not really my favorite. Of course we ordered the chicken which was prepared beautifully, not one part overcooked. Also tried the ribs which come in either small or large and the small was plenty, and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Outdoor seating is very pleasant, especially in the evening when it's kind of windy, patio is right on St. Catherine st. Cole slaw that was served with the dinner was amazing, honestly some of the best I've had. But if anything it was the service that won me over!  The waitress was uber friendly and polite, and she definitely gave us enough attention though she seemed to be running around a bit. The bar inside looks wonderful and the atmosphere  seems nice, though this would really be a place I'd go to for patio seating and all around good comfort food.
4	I'm giving this place four stars for one thing: simplicity (and also because I've been going there since I was a kid). St-Hubert is a rotisserie chain and yes not the best place for vegetarians. The restaurant was recently completely renovated. Overall it looks good and it appears there is more space for tables. Finally, they pushed the bathrooms further back and there is no more table right next to them (where I was seated multiple times and it was quite unpleasant). Little problems in the bathroom: only 1 out of 3 faucets was working and my friend and I never understood how we were supposed to lock the doors...The location is essential for this one: right in the Quartier des spectacles and so it is always busy and surprisingly efficient. On a Thursday night, my friend and I had tickets to the ballet at 8PM. We hoped to be seated around 6:30. Every evening, especially on "concert nights", you must expect the place to be packed, with a line. Hence you have to get there early. I arrived at 6:10 and I was told I would have to wait AT LEAST 20-25 minutes. There must have been 8 groups of people before us. We got a table at 6:40. We didn't take too long to order our food and we had finished our meal by 7:20. We had plenty of time to get a dessert, which is probably the best thing on their menu, because they have a lot of options. Tourists, you have to try the sugar pie (i.e. maple syrup pie). The food itself isn't fantastic, especially the fries. They are never particularly crispy. Overall, there's a lot of salt in the food. Not mind-blowing experience, but if you have a show in the area, St-Hub is a simple and fast option. It is definitely a kid-friendly place. Prices are reasonable.
2	Had the "Boite Surprise" ("Surpise Box") which I'm told used to be called the "Choix du Chef" ("Chef's Choice") and it did not disappoint.  It indeed was a surprise.  I guess they changed the name so any disappointed customers wouldn't blame the Chef.Quarter chicken leg meal... more like a QUARTER BOX meal since the piece was so small, that's how much space it took up in the take out container, which by the way contained a tray that was tapered at the bottom.  Found the chicken to be saltier than other roast chicken places.  Maybe they marinate it in brine before roasting.  The downside is that salt is its predominant flavour.  The fries were crispy and actually not bad.  Switched the salad for an extra gravy which I didn't really need but this man needs meat, not salad, and he got neither.  Still, for those with decent appetites or meat lovers, pay for the more expensive chicken breast meal instead.  After all, there's no time to eat lunch twice.Overall, something different from the Swiss Chalet I'm used to but seeing since there must be some anti-competitive agreement (no St. Hubert in Ontario, no Swiss Chalet in Quebec) between the companies, it's likely Quebecers are stuck with whatever St. Hubert decides to dish out.Prices are a little on the expensive side but simply put where else are you going to go for chain restaurant roast bird.P.S.  From what I've been told, that mysterious one half hamburger bun comes from the fact that it used to be a whole hamburger bun being used as the bread portion of the meal, until the company cut back and started giving one half the amount.
