5	Rockin music. Gorgeous women. Great show ALL around! Great deal on tickets for an awesome show. I highly suggest this one!
4	This is the newest topless revue on the strip, from the creators of X Burlesque, and located at the King's Room inside the Rio. The dances are set to 70-80s rock music (super loud) and each one lasts about 2-3 minutes, with probably 3/4 of them being completely topless. The dancers, for the most part, good looking and great performers/dancers. They even handed out candy to the front rows and brought up an older patron to embarrass him on stage during one of the skits! The show lasts about 65 min and halfway through John Bizarre, a comedian comes up on stage to entertain you for a bit. He was pretty funny and mostly made jokes about himself. My only gripe was about drink prices...we ordered a soda and a Bud Light and it was $14.50. I really hope she just overcharged my card because that is a ridiculous price for the venue!The showroom itself is tiny, I mean really really small, and thus there are no bad seats in the house view-wise. We apparently had VIP tickets and were put in first row in aisle seats so we could see the women walking up and off stage. There were a handful of tables directly in front of the stage, and I'm not sure how you get those seats...you might have to purchase a table or be a super VIP.Overall the show was great and I would recommend it and be down to see it again
5	I heard of this show through some friends and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Hot women, awesome music, and not a bad seat in the house!Seating is on a first come, first served basis however, the venue is so small, it really doesn't matter too much.  There's a short video that shows you the making of the show, but I feel it gives away a lot what to expect from the show.  The girls are incredibly talented and really do put on a good show.  They dance, but do many different acts that demonstrate other skills.  I'll definitely be back!
5	X Rocks is a fast paced non-stop attack on the senses and a great show. A must see if you enjoy this type of entertainment.-The girls are talented and beautiful. If you sit in the front and by the aisle you can expect some teasing and lots of eye contact. If your lucky you will get some candy and a guitar pick. Choreography is good, some girls are very talented dancers, others need some work. Alex and Emilie are stunningly sexy.- The show is fast paced, several short scenes intermixed . Some topless, some covered. The music is loud and the bass is thumping. The lighting is dramatic, ever present, and at times a little annoyingly excessive.-The Kings Room is a small intimate venue. Chairs are okay. Doors open at 9:30 pm but I would arrive by nine if you want to get a better seat. All the sections are general admission, so play some slots before you line up and once you see people start to form up head over and get in line.-Halftime comedian John Bizarre was funny, had lots of good jokes and does not take away from the show.-After the show you can take a picture with two of the girls. Costs $35 to buy.
1	Oh the horror!  By far, this may have been one of the worst shows I have ever seen in Vegas.  From about 10 minutes in, I was waiting for the pain and suffering to end.  There is no consistent theme, I've never heard any of the music before, the comedian has lost his touch, and it was just a really low grade and bad show.  I am such a fan of Angela and Matt - they really broke new ground 10 years ago when they opened the original X at the Alladin - all of the girls were smokin hot, in their early 20s, and did really naughty things on stage.  I love that Meeka moved over to this show and she's one of the cutest showgirls in Vegas, but man, if she was in her early 20s in the original X, um, should she still be doing the circuit?  I love you Meeka, so don't take it negatively, I just think you could move up and get into choreography and production yourself.  Besides Meeka's beautiful face, the rest of the show was a major flop.  Angela and Matt's daughter gave it a good try, but let's be real, you re-used a lot of the concepts from X Burlesque and just executed it way way worse.  Even the old Showgirls show at Rio had some production value; this show was just amateur and bad.  I feel awful badmouthing a Stabile show, but it's because you guys set the bar so high ten years ago, and even you know this doesn't cut it.
5	SUPER HOT SHOW! All of the dancers are majorly talented and all gorgeous. The music in the show is perfect, and the theatre is a perfect size. Pretty small and intimate, so you see all the good stuff!
2	the seating is weird. its a small room and  they blow a lot of smoke. I felt like a total perv sitting there with my boyfriend. I dont know why the Rio is promoting this as heavy as they are.
2	I felt really bad for the performers since they obviously put effort into the show. Even after 7 beers it was like meh... Should have known when they told is at the door we couldn't bring out drinks in. Really we bought them at the bat outside. Had two more beers in wife's purse, may have made the show better or just further numbed us to what was going on. We ended up in the back row and the crew/staff was so loud talking to each other we could hear them over the rock concert volume music. Sadly sometimes comp tickets are worth what you pay for them...on a brighter not they have blue moon on tap at the buffet and the bartender was great.
1	Do yourself a favor and save your money. This show is a joke. Went with a group of friends and we were laughing the whole show. The venue mimics a basement with lights and fog. I felt really bad for the performers because they did put effort into the show and they are attractive but overall, save your money.
3	Great show, but I don't understand the point of VIP tickets if you are going to be seated in the back behind taller people.  The girls did a great job, but the guy taking bribes for better seats...
3	I thought "Boobies + rock music, why not?" Turns out, you're going to need a mouth guard to sit through some of the numbers. I've seen other revue shows that weave a meek story line into the numbers. I've seen male revues do better at syncing their playlist. At first, I thought, "Oh, maybe they're doing a thing by the decades" when a couple of back-to-back classic rock songs from the 60ss came on. Then it went to Muse's "Madness" and there was a topless Alice in Wonderland. Um, what? Some songs were not very iconic at all. I didn't expect it to be Rock of Ages, but the pre-show music amps you up for some good rock'n'roll. That doesn't really happen. But, you know, boobs?
2	Dancers were over the top sexy. But to call this a "metal" show is a stretch. If you consider Rush, Whitesnake, Van Halen and Nickleback metal, then you'll like it. The closest this show got to metal was 10 seconds of Korn. Good show, but not worth it.
1	This was an extreme disappointment.  I went with my wife and another couple.  We got in at 10PM and were seated in the back of the house, which normally isn't a bad thing.  Except the venue does not have arena or stadium type, elevated seating.  They are regular, armless chairs organized in rows on the floor.  So the chairs are all at the same level!  I'm 6'2'' tall and my wife is just over 5' tall and could not see a thing!  At least the music is good and loud!  I feel bad for the girls who looked great and obviously work hard at their craft.  I give a one star rating not for the show, but for the improper venue layout.  I would expect more from any Vegas show, and certainly from the Rio!Shame.
