3	I like Farren's pretty well for a happy hour type dinner.  The grilled steak salad and sweet potato fries are my favorites.  I've had super super annoying service more than once (not BAD as much as way too interested in starting a conversation and becoming friends with the diners), and every single time my friend has ever asked the kitchen to hold the french fries he has gotten an extra huge heaping load of french fries.
5	I think it goes without saying that this is my opinion but a burger from Farren's is the best burger available in CU, no contest.  Fries are nothing special  but if yr looking for tasty fries you prolly know where to go (Courier, Esquire, Wonderdogs).  I stick with the chips that come with the burger.Friendly staff - sorry to hear the other young lady found it to be too friendly, but I would suggest it's better than the alternative.  I guarantee that it's meant to make sure you are happy with your meal - more like "when yr here, yr family" than olive garden could ever be.The best burger around, period.  Nice selection of good salads too.
4	occupying a small-ish basement location on Randolph St in downtown Champaign, Farren's has been my go-to place for salads for years and years.  they make their own salad dressings (both the strawberry vinaigrette and ranch are delish) and use excellent greens and toppings.  the everything-topped crackers that accompany the salads are light, and a real treat.  and their prices have stayed the same for years now (unreal, no?), which translates into a good deal in 2008.  yes, they have good burgers and a mean veggie burger.  yes, they have creative specials using super-high-quality ingredients at prices more reasonable than all those other downtown joints.  yes, they were the original killer-beer-selection place before there was a Blind Pig.  and yes, the manager Todd is fantastic and the service is fast and friendly (don't sit at the bar unless you're up for a chat).  but mostly, just go to Farren's for the salads!!!
5	We heard this was the place for an outstanding burger, and we were not disappointed.  I tried "The Motherlode" (proper diet be damned!), which is smothered in mushrooms, swiss cheese, and bleu cheese sauce.  It was phenomenal.  While I was a little sad that I couldn't really taste the bleu cheese (surprising, considering its sharp taste), the burger itself outweighed any negatives.  It was huge and succulent, and I swear to god, they must use an actual charcoal grill.  So. Damn. Good.  Plus, it came with about a full pound of thin fries (good, but vastly improved with a few shakes of salt and/or ketchup).  I was absolutely stuffed (to the "ow, my stomach"-point) after leaving.The pub itself is hidden away behind Nitaya Thai and down a ramp.  It has a pleasantly dark, red and brown color scheme.  Our waiter was very nice and efficient.  Plus, they seemed to have an excellent beer list.  We all know I'm coming back.  The challenge is how to come back as often as possible without gaining 50 pounds.P.S. They had a Kobe beef burger special when I went.  I'm still kicking myself for not getting it.  Who wouldn't want a burger that comes from cows that had been massaged and subjected to classical music beforehand?
5	Hell to the mothereffin' Yes.Farren's has a delicious, mouthwatering burger that puts others to shame.  If you don't like a Farren's burger, stand up, slap yourself in the face, and try again.  It's that good.  Unless you're a vegetarian, or kosher or Hindu.  Then you can refrain from the slapping, and just glare in frustration.The beer selection is great, and if you just wanna watch a game, drink a beer, and enjoy a delicious, delicious burger, go to freakin' Farren's.  My burger of choice when i want to obliterate all healthiness is the "Motherlode"---mushrooms, cheese, and bleu cheese--it tastes like heart attacks and love.Farren's also shares this bizarre joint bathroom with two other great restaurants, Sushi Kame and Nitaya Thai, which makes for an amusing dining experience to say the least as you walk the labyrinthine corridors like Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom, simply looking for a place to pee.
4	Farren's has by far the best burgers in town, but that said, they can come out overcooked. Fries are tasty too, but relatively standard fare. The beer selection is usually very good, but on a few occasions they've been out of several beers listed.I finally ventured past the delicious burgers and tried the Elaine's Salad. I have to say I was disappointed.  I'm not usually one to order a salad--they seem overpriced at most restaurants. I've always attributed the high price to bigger-than-I-care-to-consume portions, but Farren's is appropriately sized, which was ok by me. The flavors, however, failed to live up to my expectations: the ranch was bland, eggs overcooked, and mixed greens heavy on the romaine. And somehow, besides a generous amount of blue cheese, it could hardly be tasted amidst the rest of the salad.I'll keep going back--but I think I'll stick to the burgers.
4	Delicious burgers! Thick, meaty burgers (though you can get a blackbean burger if you're veg) served with "tri-color tortilla chips." High quality beef burger, gently formed (I hate a hard/dense burger) on good buns. I always get the cheeseburger or bacon cheeseburger so I can't comment on their other more upscale dishes. I tried my husband's green chile cheesebuger- it was fine, but not as good as a traditional burger. The buffalo wings were decent, but not fantastic. They should be totally crispy and the sauce should be nothing but Frank's Red Hot, butter, and vinegar- these were just- meh. Have tried two desserts there-  a carrot cake and a lemon pie. The lemon pie was decent, the carrot cake so dense and dry it was inedible.Bottom line: Fantastic burgers. Get a burger and a beer and you won't be disappointed.
4	The scallop salad is to die for. $14.95, loaded with grilled scallops, romaine, walnuts, grapes and a splendid dressing. The place was packed tonight, a Friday night, and we waited 15 minutes for a table to open up.  Huge soft drink glasses are a trademark of Farren's and of course, excellent burgers.Onion rings, tri-colored chips, fries and great salads.The 600 space parking garage right next door has changed this from a dark hideaway to a prominent location with covered parking 20 feet from their door.The restrooms can be nasty and are shared with a couple of adjoining restaurants.
5	Love this place.  Staff is great.  Food is great.  Place is great.  I normally get the black bean tacos and love them
5	Their food is awesome!  I've had an assortment of their appetizers, including their truffle chips, and they were all delicious.  On three other occasions I have had a burger, the fish tacos and a salad.  The burger is probably one of the best in town, the fish tacos were awesome, if a little on the pricey side, and the salad (can't remember the name but it had chicken, strawberries and I believe some kind of creamy-ish strawberry vinigrette?) was one of the top three salads I have probably ever eaten in my life (maybe even top 2.)  They have a stellar beer selection and you can see their kitchen clearly from the dining room.  That earns respect from me on two levels - 1. It is a ridiculously tiny kitchen to put out such good food so quickly and 2. YOU CAN SEE INTO THE KITCHEN! which means I can see that it is clean, that the people cooking aren't dripping sweat and boogies into my food and there are no small critters wandering around.  I have a great deal of respect for restaurants that are confident enough to allow diners a view of behind the scenes processes!  Oh yeah, the guy that we usually get as our server is super nice, as are the rest of the staff.  And they are very knowledgeable about their food and their beer, etc...Only complaints are: it is kind of a tiny place and some nights it fills up pretty quick so you have to wait in line watching everyone else drink beer and have a good time.  (Or just sit at the bar, which is fine too)  Also,  I completely agree with Teej on the Indiana Jones bathroom experience...ladies, when it's cold out, I would recommend avoiding the bathroom because it feels like it is outdoors and I thought I would freeze to the seat.It's probably been really good for their business having that parking garage right next door.  And I know it looks like kind of a dingy little hole-in-the-wall because it is situated right next to "creepy back alley," but don't let that fool you.  I missed out on this place for a few years just because I never noticed it and I perceived it as said hole-in-wall.Happy booze and burger-ing!  Cheers
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Champaign!  I always get a bacon burger and it is amazing.  I have never had a burger under or over cooked.  The fries are always good.  I also love their beer menu.  I swear, nothing goes better with a bacon burger than a Scotty Karate Scotch Ale!  I have brought friends, family and girlfriend, with no complaints!  Parking is not an problem with the parking deck right next door.
5	BEST BURGERS IN C-U. I've tried a couple specials and they were good, but nothing compares to the burgers. They also have an amazing molten chocolatey dessert. And, I've always had excellent service. My only complaint is that they serve tortilla chips with their burgers; it just seems odd.
4	We love Farren's for it's off-the-beaten-path location and unexpectedly good food. You could say we're regulars. Enjoyed the chipotle shrimp taco special recently, but usually have one of their terrific burgers. My wife always gets the strawberry and walnut salad. It's delicious. Fortunately for me, she can never finish it. They have a good selection of beers and the service is always speedy and friendly.
4	Very good beef and salmon burgers.  Fresh food, good service.  Not loaded with smelly college kids either!  A great find.  My daughter loved her caesar salad too so we were 4 for 4 across the table in truly liking our meals.  Fresh brewed iced tea always nice.
5	Though a bit off the beaten path, I was thoroughly impressed with Farren's:1) The food was absolutely delicious.2) The service was excellent, I never had to wonder where they were and the food arrived promptly.3) Kobe beef burger? YES!
4	I have ventured off of campus to Farren's 3 or 4 times and each one has been a great experience. As many have said, the burgers are all very good though a little expensive for a student's budget. For the student crowd, I would definitely stay away from the Kobe Burger as the extra cost isn't justified by any increase in flavor. The Buffalo Burger is one of the best burgers you can find in C-U and is definitely worth a try.Outside of the Burgers, Farren's has many unexpected dishes which are all delicious. I have tasted both the scallops and toasted ravioli, both of which I was leery of at first, but each of the dishes proved to be delicious. Don't be misled by the word "pub" in the name of the restaurant, everything on the menu is a specialty.The place is small so the service is always quick and the atmosphere is always very casual and friendly. All considered, a burger (or scallops) with a bottle of your favorite at Farren's is one of the best lunch picks in downtown Champaign.
4	Tried Farren's out for the first time last night and WOW.  I have been in CU for several years now and hadn't heard of this place until checking reviews on Yelp.  The burgers were a bit pricey but quality was very good.  The key lime pie is also a must-have.
5	Let me start by saying that if you have not been here, and are going for the first time, get past the basment feel.  The food is SOOO good.  They have some typical bar-ish stuff, like the best burgers in town, and fried cauliflower, which I need to stop ordering.But it is more then a pub.  Kobe Burgers!  Chicken and veal sausage specials!  Diver scallops some times!  Interesting and changing wine selections.  I hate beer, but I hear they have a great selection.  I also really like the service.  They are accommodating, and you will wait for nothing.  That said, this is the snarkiest group of people I have ever seen, but in a VERY good way.  The leaving with a laugh way.  I have never been one to not go out and eat alone if I feel like eating out alone.  This is my favorite.  If you bring a book, you wont end up reading a lot because you will end up laughing with your server / bar tender which will lead you in to a conversation with the people next to you, and you will enjoy it.Go there now and have a good burger.  NOW!!!
5	Excellent food, and very friendly service. As busy as they get, they really do keep up, and they are great at remembering you. One of my favorite places in town.
5	Best burgers in C-U, hands down. Hard to find the place, but worth finding.
4	This place is a hidden gem.  Thanks to Yelp, I found it!  Nice little bar type atmosphere with seating.  Open kitchen, so you ca watch them cook your burger!I would definitely recommend the "special" burger of the day.  Ours was Elk, and it was fantastic!  Also, many great beers on tap.
5	Their Kobe burger with cheddar cheese, lettuce, pickles on the side, and hot fries are amazing. It satisfies the "hard-core" hunger..making my mouth water even now. The service is straight forward, rapid and no-questions asked cooperative.They have at least two large TV's with sports and the food network on them, it's fun to watch as you dine in. Farren's Pub is a flight of stairs down from the street level, and filled with indoor lights and good aromas. They have hot tea for the non-drinker, and it's non smoking of course. Very cool place.
5	Wow, the best food in downtown Champaign!try the blackened chicken tacos, they are off the menu, but the best !This place is a constant good treat, a little pricey, but worth the cash!
3	I had a cheeseburger here, expecting the best burger in Champaign - and it was just okay.  I guess the meat was kind of dry.  Fries were good though, and they gave us soft drinks in the most massive cups ever.   The weirdest part of the experience was the bathrooms, down a decidedly sketchy corridor.  I'd probably try it again, but maybe order a salad next time - they looked really good at the table next to ours.
2	I really don't get what the big deal is with this place.  I have had friends tell me thats they have some of the best burgers out there, but when i went there they were nothing special.  The place as a whole is just average: the setting, the service and the food.  This place is over rated.
4	Pretty darn good. Make sure that you are willing to pay more for better food when you stop by, b/c this is definitely a step above pub grub. They use interesting local ingredients (lemon chive potato salad was awesome). Their beer menu is not as vast as some nearby joints, but they have a few shining stars. Right now they have a special on Krusovice, a great Czech pilsner. Service is fast and friendly at the bar. On the not-so-good side, when I visited a while ago, their selection for vegetarians was notably lacking. This has improved somewhat.
1	Another reviewer says that to like this place, you have to "get past the basement feel."  Good luck.  The suffix "feel" was a little generous, I thought.Imagine yourself fumigating in the strong smell of cooking oil, garbage, perfume, and B.O. because that's what you'll get in this poorly ventilated basement.  The decor here is what happens when you operate a business for years and stop really seeing what it looks like.  (At least that's the best excuse I can think of.)  Burnt-out lights.  Chipped paint on the walls.  A mysterious traffic light.  The furniture was ordered out of a 1970s catalog probably titled: "Crap Tables and Chairs: Dive Bars and Outdoor Taco Stands Our Specialty." Combine that with hopefully-arty-but-not-really-arty framed black and white photography, deep maroon paint and bathroom-grade tile flooring.  So it's more than a basement, it's a partially destroyed bathroom in a basement that's trying too hard.Given all this, the $16 entrees on the specials menu were surprising.  One was a taco dish that appeared to be made with that pre-shredded cheese that comes in a bag and Old El Paso store-bought flour tortillas.  The catfish in the catfish sandwich special was good, but the bread was, in a word, unconscionable.  I came back after a disastrous previous visit because someone told me the specials menu had the good food on it.  Not so.  On the previous visit I had watched them make the blue cheese burger by adding a scoop from a giant plastic tub of gluey industrial blue cheese salad dressing.  The specials menu continues this high standard.To top it off, service was poor.  The food was delivered quickly but it was impossible to get a refill or the check even though the restaurant was half-empty.  Everyone seemed nice, but improbably busy with things that didn't involve customers.  The area behind the bar teemed with staff members who bustled around ignoring my waving arms.I can only attribute the positive Yelp reviews to heavy drinking.  You have been warned.
4	Before I even ordered my food, I knew I would love it when The Cooking Channel was on one of the TV's at the bar. The green chile burger was quite delicious and went down nicely with a really tastey bottled rootbeer. My husband ordered The Russell, which I liked even more. I highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner, but don't expect a table at peak hours right away ...it's quite popular! The service was excellent, no fuss or finesse, and fast. There were no weird basement smells, nor did I feel like I was in a basement. It feels like a pub and burger place.
4	The kobe beef burger was probably the best burger I've EVER had. It was so tender and juicy. I'm not a huge burger fan, but even my dad, who could eat a burger for every meal agreed with me on this one.Really, everything I've tried there is very delicious and the food comes out fast and the service is super nice. Unlke "Nifty C." I actually really liked that you can see the guys cooking in the kitchen. Yes, it's a little dim in there, but I just think the setting makes the atmosphere a bit more casual and intimate. It definitely lacks any decor and the tables and chairs are uber simple, but if you can get past that and you just want good food, this place is a great spot!
4	I have eaten here many times, and I've hardly had any bad food at Farren's.  The worst thing I ever had was one of the salads, and just because it had way too much vinaigrette on it.  It was hard to taste much the rest of the day.The burgers are always really good, but can be worse if you don't tell them how you want it cooked (they don't always ask).  They almost always have a specials menu, but it doesn't refer to special prices, just food they don't normally offer.  My personal favorite is the fish and chips, which runs $11.They do serve drinks in giant glasses, which seems kind of nice to the layman, but has been pointed out as lazy by wait staff from other restaurants.  To me, it makes no difference.  I mostly order iced tea here, which doesn't always taste like it was freshly made.  I would suggest a fountain drink or a beer.
5	Farren's has the best burgers in town! The Russell is my fav, but everything there is really good. I order WITHOUT raw onions on the plate.. they are super potent!!!!
3	I'm in the middle of another one of these week-long jaunts through the midwest and found myself in Champaign and needing lunch.  I've sampled some pretty caloric fare over the last few days, so thought I'd try something a bit lighter today for lunch.  Stopped in to this place and saw that they had a strawberry salad with chicken and a raspberry vinaigrette and got that with spinach subbed for the mixed greens.Service was friendly and astonishingly quick.  Salad came back in probably under 3 minutes from the time I ordered it.  So that was good.  And the salad TASTED great. So why am I giving this place three stars?  Well, first, in order to get 5 stars you have to be really exemplary.  This place was very good in a lot of ways and would probably get a 4* rating from me except.... they REALLY need to work on their presentation.  The salad shows up and it has a lot of great things going for it... spinach, strawberries, walnuts, grapes.... and then they had this huge pasty white chicken breast thrown on top in a single form and they had the garishly pink vinaigrette just poured right on top.  The salad LOOKED horrible.  I'm not sure how they cooked the chicken, but based on the way it looked, it could have been boiled because it was just this pasty, gelatinous pale breast that was completely unappetizing. And the pink dressing on top of it didn't help.I strongly considered eating around the chicken, but brought myself to taste it and it was actually really good.  I just don't know how they cooked it to make it look so horrible.  So my suggestions for this restaurant when serving a salad that includes chicken: Throw it on the grill for a few seconds to give it some grill marks or do SOMETHING to give it some color.  And then toss the salad to mix in that pink dressing.So good food, good service, but presentation of my dish kept this place from getting 4*
4	Before heading to Champaign for work this time I did my Yelp homework and wrote down Farren's.  When I asked co-workers if they'd been there, a couple said "yes, great burgers'.  So seven of us gave it a try for lunch today.We split some apps - the housemade potato chips with truffled salt (if you know me, you know I have a not so secret love for all things truffled), the deep fried cauliflour and wings.  The chips were hot and the salt was flavorful (I asked for extra salt, and there were little black specks in there so I was pretty excited).  Cauliflour was a bit underfried.  Wings were OK.I had the Motherlode burger - a huge, juicy patty topped with swiss, mushrooms and a blue cheese sauce.  Very nice.  Thick burger, but not a bit dry.  Soft bun.  We all commented on the burgers (co-workers got the green chili, a bacon cheeseburger, and another one that slips my mind but smelled amazing with a pile of cooked onions on top).  Others got the seafood etouffee (meh) and a chicken sandwich with pesto sauce.  Obviously come here for the burger!!My burger came with a side of tortilla chips for around $8.  Upcharge to get fries or up-upcharge for sweet potato fries or the potato chips.Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable and decisive (he told me to get the Motherlode over the green chili burger when I waffled).Basement feel, schmasement feel...it is a bar.  Cool how the bathrooms connect you to nearby thai and sushi restaurants.  And the new parking structure right next door made parking a breeze - $0.75 for the hour and free on weekends.
4	Farren's Pub & Eatery is has a casual type of atmosphere. It's a great place to go with your friends to enjoy good American style food and drinks. Their burgers here are so delicious and juicy! I'm almost getting hungry right now just thinking about it.
4	Hands down, the best burger in the area. Large, hand-pattied, and well-seasoned! Tastes like a homemade grilled burger without all of the fuss. The accompaniments are fresh, and while some may find it odd that you need to request tomatoes or pickles I like that they don't get wasted if you are a plain jane burger eater like myself. Definitely pay the extra cash to switch from tortilla chips as your side to french fries. These are the skin on fries that you can douse with malt vinegar if the mood strikes. The feel of the restaurant is cozy, the beer prices are good. The service is very friendly and everyone seems happy to be there. This is definitely a regular in my restaurant rotation!
5	Farren's is one of my favorite restaurants in town. It's the kind of place you begin to frequent so much, the waiters remember your exact order. I have switched it up on occasion, and every single thing I have tried was awesome. My favorites are the tacos (chicken or black bean burger that come with sour cream and great salsa) and the chicken Caesar salad (homemade croutons, and the dressing is better than any Caesar dressing I've ever had); my husband always gets either the green chile cheese burger or the Kobe burger. The hamburgers here are very thick, so make sure you're hungry! You simply cannot go wrong with anything on the menu--it's that good. The ambience is one of my favorite things about the place; Farren's is located under ground and has a bar, enough room for large groups of friends, and doesn't feel stuffy. In the winter it can get cold in there, so make sure you bundle up.
4	Very juicy burgers! Probably one of the best burger joints in the Champaign-Urbana area. Chill atmosphere, the decor was better than I expected after reading some others' reviews. It's good for family, friends gatherings and also to grab a beer and watch sports games.
4	Great burgers but I go for the chicken tacos for lunch.I've been going here for years, haven't had a bad meal and/or experience here yet.
4	They have the best burger in Champaign and their beer selection is surprisingly diverse. Order a bit rarer than you normally would as they seem to be a bit conservative in their definition of medium. Also their specialty fries are really good with a bit of malt vinegar so spring for them over the included tortilla chips. Be ready to wait for a table cause this place was crowded when I went on a Friday night.
5	The burgers and salads are wonderful. Definitely the best fries in town, and you can even order sweet potato fries. Great service, and cozy atmosphere.
5	I love going to Farren's for lunch.  I had somehow managed to forget about the place for a while, and when I went back it was better than I remembered.  I usually get the Steak Salad, which is excellent.I'm writing this review specifically to point something else out, though: Farren's is an absolutely wonderful place to bring my 17-month-old daughter.  The waitress with the curly red hair (whose name I don't know, unfortunately) offered us fruit and oyster crackers for her as soon as we sat down.  Later, since there isn't a traditional "kid's menu," she offered to make a cheese quesadilla, which I took her up on.  It might seem funny to take a kid to a bar, but it works out great for us.  We can have high-quality adult food and she is accommodated as well as (or, in my opinion better than) in any "kid-friendly" chain restaurant.
5	Greatest burger around. Super atmosphere.  We were able to sample a beer before ordering. I will definitely go back.
5	Best burgers I have ever had, probably.  Or at least the burgers that all other places are judged by.  The Russell is amazing...
4	Looking for great ambience?  Look elsewhere.  This might well fit into the category of "dives" on the Food Networks "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," and I say that with the utmost affection.  Nor can I vouch for much of the food on the menu, as I pretty much stick to the burgers.  Give me a Russell or a Motherlode with fries.  Delicious.  There is often the option of Texas Kobe beef or bison for the burger.  Both great.  Onion rings quite good, too.  (You can see the kind of diet I'm on when I come here.)  Decent beer selection.  In all my visits, I have never had any problems with service or the quality of food.  The staff has been friendly.  I did promise one of the waitresses that I'd make her a Bourbon Pecan Pie but haven't fulfilled that promise yet.  Perhaps next visit.  Anyway, in my often not so humble opinion (after all, I'm The Godfather), this is the best place for burgers in C-U.
3	I think one sentence sums this place up perfectly... "Greasiest Food you Will Ever Eat."There's a lot of hype and praise about this place, but I really can't dig it just because all the food comes out dripping in grease.  It's a burger and fries type of place to begin with, but even the soups come out with heavily oiled broth and salads loaded with Oily salad dressing (definitely ask for it on the side so you can spare yourself the grease attack)My co-workers love this place so I go every now and then, but of all the different dishes I've ordered, they were all dripping buckets of grease.  Sure it's tasty, and I will always dig some greasy food, but this is really too much... Way too much.  Burgers, fries, salmon burgers, steaks, chicken sandwiches, salad, etc.  it's all pouring oil out the wazoo.  I got to say the service is exceptional though.  Every time I've went the service was very friendly, quick, and our food always came out fast.  Prices are reasonable too.  As for the atmosphere, I can see some people digging it but it's quite "unique" to say the least.  You really would never even be able to guess this was a restaurant looking at it from the outside.  There's a sign on the main road for it, but then you got to walk into the block a little bit and its in a plain colored building, hid away in a little nook.  It only gets more "interesting" as you go in and descend into the restaurant.  Yes, it's in a sort of a basement almost.  I'm not against the place by any means, and the food is OK and the service is great.  It's just far too greasy for me.  It's just a place for those that don't mind really really greasy food.
4	This is a great hole in the wall place.  It isn't the easiest to find if you haven't already been there.They have a lot of good food and the service is very courteous.I have been here several times and only had problems once (it was just waiting a while to get the check) which can happen when it gets busy.
4	Hard to find unless you know where it is (mysterious sounding, I know).  Staff is friendly.  Large selection of alcoholic beverages.  Good food.  Good prices.  Stop by if you get the chance.
3	To be honest, I was a little disappointed. I just got a basic burger (the first one on their menu with a fancy name). The food was average, neither great nor bad, but I guess I just had a higher expectation from a yelp-4-star place. The ambient was a little better for a place that's very hidden by the alley. I would rather go to Desthil next time where they have better drinks and the same quality food in the same price range.
4	All i have to say is, the most amazing burgers ive had in my life. After reading all the yelp reviews i just had to see what the hype is all about! Great beer selection also; esp being a girly girl and not liking beer..they had a variety of light and fruity ones. It's in a basement but you cant even tell; doesnt have a dungy smell or look to it. Def a hole in the wall worth going to!!!
5	I just moved my daughter into an apartment for college and stumbled on Farren's. We had a great burger and ice cold beer after a long drive and move in. I had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific. Fries. onion rings and chips were all great. Service was very good. Thank you Farren's!
5	I lived here for two years before I noticed this place - it really is hard to find from the street, even though it's in downtown Champaign. Never had a bad meal since then, though. Great juicy burgers, and their strawberry and walnut salad is one of my favorite summertime meals. I always feel bad for the cooks in their little tiny kitchen tucked into a corner of the dining room, but they send simple, honest, tasty food out of it.
3	good burgers, good beers
5	I absolutely love Farren's! I always order the steak salad...every time! I have had many steak salad's at various different restaurants not only in Champaign, but all over the U.S. and nothing even comes close in comparison! This is one great steak salad! I could eat one every day if I could afford it. The service is always fast as well...even during their busy lunch rush! It's a bit on the pricey side, but well worth it!  The salad is loaded down with steak.  Sirloin, I think.  Grilled onions and mushroom, drizzled with a heafty ranch dressing.  Not watered down like some places.  Finally, it's topped with big chunks of blue cheese!  AWESOME!
4	Great burgers!!! I went there was some friends and was very surprised at how good the food was. I love the atmosphere because it is definitely a place that has a pub setting. Definitely a place to try and go again and again!
4	I liked this place.  Yes it is hidden awa...but that just adds to the charm of the place.  It's nothing fancy, just a nice burger joint.  The burger was good...was it the best I have ever eaten...not really...but they are good.  I loved the fries.  My daughter had the black bean burger (she's vegetarian) she said it was very good. All in all a very tasty meal.
4	I don't let myself go to Farren's often.Here's an example of my average inner monologue during a Farren's visit. It might help shed some illumination as to why:"Farren's! Yay! Oooh, beer list. Oooh, beer I've never had! Order beer."*beer consumed*"Ooh, menu! WHAT? HOUSEMADE CHIPS? WITH TRUFFLE SALT? Hey! Fried portabello - Battered, deep-fried and served with ranch??! YAY APPETIZERS! I should have another beer..."*beer consumed*"BURGERS! With BACON! And BLEU CHEESE! And MUSHROOMS! YAAAY!"Basically, I'm internally like a candy-fueled ten-year old on Christmas morning, only instead of toys I'm really 25, slightly drunk, and ordering menu items with no abandon. Farren's is awesome. The prices are high-ish, and for a reason - the food is damn good. It's a burger place, but they make an effort to dress the food up a bit. The service has always been friendly and prompt. The problem I have with Farren's is not with their establishment, but for the shame and self-loathing I encounter after ordering two appetizers, a huge burger, and two or three beers, and consuming all of it, like a black hole for food and drinks. And the immense discomfort of feeling like I could possibly literally explode. And then the resonant shame I feel when I get my Discover bill and I think, "Hey, did I take a whole group of people to dinner? How did I spend $40 at Farren's? I thought we split checks that night... oh... we did."tl;dr version: Farren's is amazing, there are wonderful things with truffle salt, also maybe fried, but it is a little pricey and not diet food. I recommend only going once every few months, unless you like the feel of a nice elastic waistband in your pants.
5	Best burgers in CU.  The staff are very friendly, and spent time talking to my mom about the wine that they served.  Really hope to go back before I graduate.
5	This is the epitome of a hole in the wall restaurant with great food. My mom and I would come to this place at least once a week and every time, I was never disappointed. My go-to is the kobe burger with a side of blue cheese dressing for the fries. My mom doesn't eat red meat, so there were plenty of excellent options for her. Occasionally we would try items off of their specials and they, too, were amazing. The service is great, always friendly and very efficient. Farrens, to say the least, has become a home-away-from-home. Oh, and their beer options!-so good :) Anytime someone is looking for a great burger, I direct them here. Anytime someone is looking for a good beer, I direct them here. Anytime someone is looking for good food in general, you guessed right....I direct them here. This is the perfect place if you're with a group that have an eclectic taste. HOWEVER, expect to wait if you come with a big group on a friday or saturday night but you shouldn't wait too long. This is definitely a Champaign must!
5	The sum-up: Pub food at it's finest.  We're new to the area and have heard good things about Farren's.  My hubs and I had a free lunch w/o the kids and decided to go.  It was not hard to find and it was pleasantly crowded for lunch, which was a good sign.  We ordered sodas (bummer it was a lunch date, because we're beer drinkers) and each ordered mushroom swiss burgers, mine with blue cheese.  I also decided to splurge and get the fresh-made potato chips.  The staff was friendly and the food came out fast.  The burger was juicy and delicious and the chips...were (hold on...I'm drooling...) aaahhhh-mazing!  They were warm and the truffle salt was genius on these chips.  We will absolutely be back to Farren's and would bring the kids along.  This place is gold!
4	Yay! A place with a real bartender who knows how to make real drinks - not just sweet college-town concoctions. Plus, Farren's offers great bar fare with some pleasant, unexpected twists like Kobe Burgers and incredibly delicious, garlicky homemade chips.Farren's is a bit off the beaten path and offers incredibly convenient parking (both street and the city garage right next door) and is dark and filled with a brewhouse atmosphere. It's a great place to go with the girls, or for a quick dinner out with your spouse. I'm definitely a fan of Farren's and if you go, I'm betting you will be, too.
5	These burgers are ridiculous. One of my boys hit me up and was like we need to go to Farren's. One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life and easily the best burger in the Champaign area. No one else comes close.
2	So, went here on a busy Saturday night.  Took about 30 minutes to get a table, but that's pretty expected with a place this small and popular.  The burgers are what everybody seems to rave about, so that's what I ordered.  I ordered the "Fire Burger" (I think that's what it was called).  It's a decent size burger patty (probably like 1/3 lb or so) topped with roasted jalepenos, red peppers, and finished with some jalepeno/habenero cheese.  The waiter warned me that "if you're worried about it being too spicy, it is." Well, it only took about 10-15 minutes for the burger to arrive, which is pretty decent considering how busy it was. I'm giving the place 2 stars for a few reasons: the "Fire" burger was probably around a 2 or 3 out of 10 on (my) spicy scale.   The burger, although properly cooked and juicy (a nice medium-well), lacked seasoning and resultingly flavor. Between a lack of spiciness and lack of spices, the burger was pretty bland.  Add to that some undercooked and unseasoned fries to have a whole plate of bland. For burgers that cost around $9, I would expect a lot more.  I can't say its worth the wait and I definitely have no desire to go back.
4	Great burgers, incredible specials, good beer. Service can be hit or miss, but it IS a bar/pub atmosphere and I don't really expect a ton.  They are never unpleasant or mean, just a little slow or oblivious sometimes.  I love their food.  Awesome place.
4	Hidden gem of C-U. Free parking in parking garage next door.Burgers, Beer, Fries. Top 5 burgers.
5	This is the 2nd time to this place in about 2 years time. The siblings and I came here to visit after they arrived in town. I didn't eat anything tonight as I'd eaten earlier. They all had fabulous food. I shot photos of most all the food. There was two salads a black bean veggie burger and a mother load burger. There was fresh cut fries and chips. Everybody loved the food, the atmosphere, and drinks.Great time.
5	Best Burgers in CU.  Everything else on their eclectic menus also pretty rocks the most.  That will be all.
5	Update!  I've since not had a problem with the tea tasting old, and have had a couple of salads that were much better.Best burgers in town, in my opinion. They're always cooked to perfection, with an appropriately proportionate bun and delicious, thick, crunchy pickles. And, if you're pretty starved, I suggest getting fries on the side. They're toasty brown and delicious, especially when doused with malt vinegar.They also have a full bar and great apps, specials, and desserts. I sometimes just get the hummus plate app for dinner. And the fish n chips special is pretty darn good for being land locked. As for desserts, if they happen to have the chocolate chile cheesecake, DO IT.The environment is very laid back and the restaurant is fairly dim. There are a couple of TVs, but if you don't like to be distracted, you can sit away from them.Beware days of Illini games; they are packed to the gills at dinner time.
5	Hands down the best burgers in Champaign-Urbana. They also have an excellent beer selection that varies from visit to visit. I no longer live in C-U, but when I lived there I was a regular at Farren's, and when back in town visiting recently, I made sure to stop in and eat at Farren's again. The burgers were just as good as I remembered.I'm somewhat of a "Burger Snob" (if such a thing really exists) and have tried most of the popular burger places in Chicago, and I'd say Farren's ranks right up there with all of them.
5	One of my favorite places in town. I often get something off their specials but I love their Mediterranean Pasta salad (add steak!), the black bean burger, and any of their regular burgers. I enjoy the tacos but prefer to get the tacos when there is a special for them. If fish and chips is on the special menu I get that. With winter comes their chili which I can never get enough of. The chips with truffle salt are very tasty as are the fries (throw on some malt vinegar). I have rarely been disappointed here and if I ever am they fix the issues. The beer selection is always superb.They are a small place but if you go after 1pm for lunch they tend to have plenty of open spots. Dinner is much harder to judge but usually a 15 minute wait is all you have to worry about.
4	Ate here early sep-12. Hadn't been in over a year. Why did I wait so long? Got the russell burger and it was delish. Got chips and salsa instead of fries. Very grateful to be able to do something other than fries. Our waitress was great and we were served by who I'm guessing is the owner (Mr Faren?). You can tell they are committed to having the best burgers in town.
4	A tiny little bar/restaurant in a basement basically.  It is hidden back behind Nitaya Thai restaurant and can be hard to find if you did not know what you were looking for.  A bar runs a long the back, with tables scattered.  Very limited seating, so expect to wait if you get here at peak hours.  Very cozy.  The service is usually pretty good.  They do the best they can when the place is slammed.Six quality beers on tap, much more in bottles.  So they got the good beer covered.  Full bar as well.  The food is great.  Some of the best pub grub in town.  Of coarse the burgers are what they are known for.  Which are great.  The salads are also really good.  A great place to come for a beer and a meal.
5	Great place for burgers, salads, casual dining.  Service has always been friendly and efficient.  Long beer list, though no Heineken.  Parking in massive city garage right next door.  Usually busy, though I've never waited long.
5	"Farren's has the best burgers in town."
4	Best burger in town!!!  It is very casual and they have a nice menu selection, though I almost always get a burger. If you are looking for a place to chill out with a good brew and burger, this is a nice option. Prices are not too expensive, though a bit higher than Campus Town. Recommended!
4	I enjoyed their veggie burger. It came with a cajun remoulade - yum! The fries were just all right (part of my reason for the 4 stars). They had a decent selection of drinks (wine, beers, spirits). The location is a bit strange - sort of in a back alley. I almost missed it! But The prices were fine and the ambience was just what I expected for a Champaign Pub. It was a bit chilly inside, but then again it was 20 degrees out that night.
5	I've been to Farren's twice - once in my freshman year, and again in my final year at the U of I.  I'm very sad that I haven't been more.  Farren's is a hidden gem with friendly staff, a lively atmosphere, and probably the best burgers in Champaign-Urbana.  I've got a weak spot for places that serve great food WITHOUT an attitude.
4	The burgers are indeed quite good!  We had a green chile cheese burger and a mushroom Swiss cheese burger.   The Saturday night wait is a little tough, but 20 minutes later, we were seated.  Lots to choose from on the menu.. burgers, sandwiches, salads. Most importantly, the fries are excellent, and the onion rings are very good  the coating is light and stays with the onion ring when you bite into it!
4	Two words: Bison burger.
4	Finally went here after hearing how good it was. Overall, I was pleased.I'm a firm believer that burgers can only be so good. That being said, these guys make a pretty good burger. I got a bacon burger with bleu cheese crumbles. The meat was cooked almost perfectly and I got a generous heap of cheese on top. I almost couldn't taste the bacon though...I would suggest they kick it up a notch.I found it odd that the default side is tortilla chips. They are pretty average, but do have a nice seasoning and taste good with their in-house made salsa (had to ask for it, though). It was fresh-tasting and not too spicy.Beer selection is good. They had about 5 beers on tap and a healthy list of bottles. The bottle selection was not what you typically see at a burger place, which I liked. Prices weren't too bad either.I'd come here again, for sure. If anything, I want to try that bison burger that people have been talking about. I LOVE bison burgers, but wanted to try their more traditional burger to see what all the fuss was about. It's a nice atmosphere. Everything is right there. There's no "back"; you can see the kitchen and where all of your food is coming from. I don't feel like I'm in some underground burger basement, but a nice, low key, bar where I could go on a date or get drinks with friends. Definitely recommend giving it a try!
2	Wildly overrated.  Everybody says that it has the best burgers in town, and the place suffers a little from excessively high expectations. I've only had the burgers, so I can't speak to anything else.  In brief, the burgers are bland, just plain patted beef patties on a griddle. There is nothing exceptional in the seasoning, preparation, quality of beef, toppings, etc. It's nothing special, neither good nor bad.  The dingy atmosphere (a staid lunch counter in a basement that had leaking ceilings both times I went) might be considered cool in a kitschy or hipster way, but I found it unappealing.  If you want the crappy ambience to be a selling point, then the food has to be good.  I tried it twice, it underwhelmed on both occasions.  Maybe I'm missing something...
5	Went here with a group of friends and had a very pleasant experience. Wait staff was prompt and inviting. I had the steak and it was cooked to my specifications and the sides were very good.Will definitely come back
5	Whoa, mama, was that a delicious burger. My mouth still waters thinking about it...those jalepenos...that juicy meat...mmm... The crazy thing? I wasn't even hungry when I ate out with my friends, but I still finished everything, with the fries on the side. A bit on the pricey side, but totally worth it if you're on a casual date or your parents are celebrating your graduation. The service was prompt and friendly as well, albeit the waiter had a little bite to him. That's ok, he had spunk. Go to Farren's if you want a delicious burger done right, with personality.
2	I'd been by this place a million time, so my friend and I decided to finally check it out after looking up the menu online.  What caught our eye was hand-cut french fries. Oh, that reminded me of being a kid, so we went mainly for that; I mean, you can get a burger anywhere, right (even though I'm vegetarian but my friend isn't).  We placed our orders and then saw the cook grabbing a big bag of frozen fries from the freezer.  Okay, may they have both, so...  What they brought was your standard thin-cut restaurant fries.  "The menu says 'hand-cut fries," I told the waitress.  She waived her hand, said "Oh, that..." and walked away.  So much for honesty.  Not a bad experience, but no reason to ever go back -- there are some real gems in Champaign if you look, but this ain't one of 'em.
3	Thank you, Carolyn F., for setting the record straight -- I stand corrected.  My friend is coming back to town in a couple of weeks and I promise we will stop in again for another try of your fries.  Just don't get me addicted to them like I have Jarling's Custard....whoo boy ;)
4	A little place tucked away in an alley? It's worth a try, right? I went here with a group of friends on a Friday night. It looked busy when we walked in but we had no problem getting a table for the 5 of us. I loved the variety of draft beers here and enjoyed trying out a few as well as trying sips of my friend's drinks. The menu had a lot of options but it looked like the star of the show was the burgers so I went with the Green Chile Burger.  I thought it might be too spicy but it ended up being not bad at all and I think it could have actually used more kick.  The fries were delicious. We did have a little mess-up with our order when a friends didn't get her onion rings, but as soon as we notified our server of the error, he apologized and went to put in an order for the missing rings. We also had to switch servers halfway through our meal (not sure what happened to our first guy, maybe his shift was over?), but we had no problems still getting our correct checks.
2	The burger was really good. The service wasn't good.
4	Best food I've had in C-U thus far. Went on a Friday night in October with my sister. Had a burger that was covered in pulled pork, bacon, and cheese. AMAZING. (a heart attack waiting to happen, but so good!) My sister had a chicken pesto wrap thing that was also fresh and yummy. Great seasoned fries. Good bottled beer selection. I'll be back!
5	This has been a staple in our family's lives for the last 5 years, birthday parties, holiday parties, business meetings and countless family get togethers.  Caroline and her staff are the best!  I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in any restaurant!  The food is consistently amazing and the specials are always outstanding.  Fine food, great pub environment-family favorites include, hummus plate, wings, burgers (include specialty burgers)  chips and fish tacos and of course ice cold Krushevich on tap!!!!
4	I waited a year and a half to go to Farrens, which was a huge mistake. The burgers are great, and probably the best ones in the CU area (though I still have lots to try). But what really sets the place head and shoulders above everyone are the potato chips with truffle salt. That stuff is fantastic, and totally worth every extra penny.Beer selection is okay, and they rotate stuff throughout the year. Staff is also very nice. Farrens only gets four stars because the bar selection isn't the best and because the decor feels a bit run-down. Still an excellent place to go.
3	Great food. Cool atmosphere. Service was slow. Maybe caught them on an off-night, but we still felt ignored at our table.
4	Farrens may not have the fanciest atmosphere, but the burgers are great! In particular,  their burger specials (kobo beef or bison burger) are great! The fries are made from real potatoes, the service is very kind. I usually hardly ever finish a whole dish at farrens, it's abundant and really tasty. You can tell that they use high quality ingredients.
4	So tasty! I had heard that they had the best burgers in town, so I went, me and my friends all got different burgers, and they did not disappoint. Fries are pretty standard, but burgers are fantastic.
1	Exceedingly mediocre experience. I've heard numerous rave reviews about this "hidden gem" but after eating here I'm truly puzzled. Am I in the right place? Poor beer, wine and food selection (as in no selection). We tried the fried ravioli which were served on a bed of wilting lettuce. The mediocrity pushed us to ask if they were made in house-- our server told us no with an apologetic smile. Then why exactly am I paying upwards of $9 for this frozen bullshit? We had a real good laugh about all the upcharges for our choice of side. Tortilla chips come standard and it's extra for fries?! Cmon. I really should have known something was amiss when our server neglected to ask how we would like our burgers cooked. The bacon on my burger was undercooked and chewy, while the patty was wayyy overcooked. No pink in sight. Be sure to check out Farrens if you don't have any taste buds or standards for your dining experience!
5	Farrens is a great place to eat! The hummus plate is very tasty, all the veggies on the plate are fresh cut. The burgers are top notch! The Kobe burger and Fries is one of the best Burger meals i have ever had. The salad just finishes the meal. A must try in Champaign!
3	My favorite burger in town, especially with a side of bleu cheese sauce. Chips and fries are both made in house and are pretty good. Onion rings don't come close to the cost. Fish has been okay. I wish they had better bread for everything.I can only go three stars for dumb things like the upcharge on fries, the grease-covered floors and spotty service. Some of the waitstaff are just jerks. "Hey, can I have an extra bleu cheese sauce, please?""You already have one.""Yes. I would like another."Giant eyeroll and 15 minutes to get it, despite the empty bar. They do suffer from some, "Our reputation will cover my ass," I think. Nope...you still have to be polite, even if I want to buy enough sauce to bathe in. There are a lot of other places to eat in CU.
4	SOLID burger. I got a daily special--burger topped with barbacoa, ghost pepper cheese, and cilantro ranch--and thoroughly enjoyed it. At $14, the price was perhaps a little high, but I'll definitely return. They must use a propane or gas to grill inside, though. There was a noticeable scent of gas throughout the dining room during our first and only experience here so far. Not sure if that was a one-time thing, but if it isn't they should definitely look into it.
5	Me too, me too, me too on all the good things others say about this place and not me, not me, not me on all the negative things in other reviews.We attended the film festival at the Virginia Theatre a block away and wanted to find good food near the festival and we got it right! We ate there three days in a row and my wife and I have only good things to say about the experience.About the food -- the burgers are as good as any I have had. The one that comes with the blue cheese sauce is not to be missed - and do order one extra shot of the sauce. We just took the tortilla chips that come with the burgers (I did not want the calories that come with French fries). Bad choice. Next time I will take the calories and the fries. I also had the fish tacos (they actually  were called by the name of the fish which I forgot). They were great. Good quantity and quality. Served, as I recall, with a very tasty salad. The third item I had was a chicken curry on top of a bed of greens. Again, very good quantity and very tasty.About the Service - It was lunch time. The place gets very busy. The staff hustles. They run thru the maze of tables. They get everything right and maintain a cool composure. They are friendly and go out of their way to be helpful. When I needed something I stood up, waved my arms, got the attention of someone (not our server) asked for what I needed and it got there FAST.I don't give many five star reviews, but this place deserves it.
4	Came here on a packed Saturday night with a group of 7 people. We were seated after a good 20-minute wait. Waiters and waitresses were welcoming and accommodating, but the service, after we ordered, was slow as molasses. Granted, it's a busy weekend night, but how long does it take to get an order of burger and fries cooked? It was probably an hour between us entering the door and getting our food. However, after my green chile cheeseburger came, the wait didn't seem so bad after all. It's hands-down the best burger place in town, and I'm surprised it took me this long to find it. The meat had plenty of juiciness and flavor, and the thick, but not overpowering bun soaked up a lot of the sauce. The secret to an enjoyable burger-eating experience? A good meat-to-bun-ratio and a manageable stack. If the stack keeps falling apart, you're not going to have a good time. Farren's makes a remarkably well-balanced burger, and that in itself gets this restaurant 4 stars. But tortilla chips come standard with the burger, instead of fries? What were they thinking?Have a burger here with a smaller group of people on a less-crowded night (or for lunch). It's slightly on the pricey side but you won't be disappointed.
4	Hands down- Farren's is awesome! I always order the Steak salad and my girlfriend has the Scallop salad. Both are huge and loaded down with meat. Service can be a little hectic, but great food at good prices.  Check it out!!!
4	Food is always top notch. The burger is by far the best on CU and probably one of the best I've ever had. The homemade chips are a must and are definitely worth the $2 extra on the bill and don't skip out on the hummus or craft brew. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the service. It can be pretty inconsistent and when it's bad, it's really bad.
1	I walked in with my sister and one of our friends a few weeks ago, at about 9:30 pm on a Friday night because we were hungry and wanted to go someplace where we could have a burger and a beer, and because we all love Farrens. Well, the only people there were the bartender and the waitress who sighed loudly and called to us that they close at ten. Wow. She may as well have said " YOU'RE NOT WELCOME HERE. GO AWAY!" so, we turned and left. Frankly, I'm not sure when we will go back. I don't like feeling unwelcome and I'm rather sure we could have ordered and eaten within their time remaining.SO Farrens? I used to love you, but since it's not reciprocated... Well, now? Not so much.  :p
5	Seriously. Best burgers in town. The black burger is BOMB! Without that cajun remoulade, it's delicious, but with it, FREAKIN' FANTASTIC! The fresh house made potato chips are like crack with the black truffle sea salt they use. My heart was almost broken when they were sold out of chips, but the server (also the owner) said they could add the crack...erm... salt.. to the house cut fries. Wasn't quite the same, but it was still very tasty. Service isn't always super friendly, but I don't care when I get the best burger and chips in town. The burgers aren't the only good part. They have daily specials that have always been satisfying and unique. They also have some stellar dark beers. Wait time can be a little long depending on when you come, but it's worth the wait.
4	Only fries in champaign i can have with my soy, gluten allergy. And they are amazeballs!  fresh cut potatoes fried in canola oil...yes please! I'm enjoying an order now . I always order to go tho because the place is underground, dark , with no windows...and the outside dining is located next to dumpsters :/
5	Them burgers is huge, boy.  And tasty!  Way better than a Royale with cheese!.  Or a Big Kahuna Burger.  I do love the taste of a good burger.
4	Just like all other reviews, I had the Kobe burger and it was absolutely delicious. I love the open atmosphere. We've never had to wait in the two times we've been there, however I have noticed both times it seems to be FREEZING in the restaurant. Its slightly pricey, but the food is well worth it. And the fries. The FRIES! They come without salt but the salt on the table is flakey instead of crystals, which really does make a difference. And it's a wonderful difference.
5	Best Burger in Champaign Hands Down! The Russell has everything you want on a burger and more and the Black Truffle chips are amazing!
5	This place is great.  Simple menu and the food is excellent if you're looking for a good burger and fry.
5	Favorite bar food in all of CU! Also, my favorite burgers. Anything with blue-cheese and/or bacon is a winner. It does have its quirks, though. The service is pretty impersonal, which I personally love because its fast and efficient, but people I've brought there have been turned off by it. Always pay extra for the fries--not sure why they cost extra but they're pretty tasty. Be prepared to wait on the weekends, but don't be terrified by the length of the line as tables turn over quick.
4	I was desperate to try this place. It's has a tiny front and is easily missed because of the towering parking garage next to it. So, anyway, I was desperate to try this place and I made it 30 minutes before closing. Dear Gwen M., I don't know who your host was but when we walked in we asked if it was all right to order since they were so close to closing. The host was warm and welcomed us in. I ordered a black bean burger that was the best veggie burger I've ever had. There was some sort of roux sauce on the side that was equally phenomenal. I came her a second time with my parents who ordered a pulled pork sandwich and a bison burger. Neither of these were so great. They were a bit gamey. But I'll never forget you, my black bean.
5	One of my favorite places to eat out in CU.As an alumni of UIUC, I find this place to be fairly priced with decent service. They have a solid draft selection as well as a well-rounded menu.Food: 5/5 (Remember, if you're not a chip-person, you can always change it out for fries for few cents! The Spicoli is the first-timer's go-to. However, I personally like it a little hot. You'll see what I mean when you get there. Their *real* [emphasis on that] Ginger Ale is real. Seriously. Burns like a mother, but still good.)Price: A full meal with a draft and tip will be ~$10-15 per person, assuming that you get a burger. I'm not quite sure about the appetizers. But, it's definitely not a bad price.Mood: A little dark. Has more of a darker, but cheerful, environment compared to other bars.Service: I found the service to be good. No remarkable situations or anything necessarily outstanding compared to your expected service for restaurant in this tier.Other comments: Definitely recommended to visit at least once. If you and couple of your buddies want some decent burgers, this is one of the places to go. Might as well pay here, then go to Five-Guys to waste your money or any other corporate burger shops.
5	The Russell is a must have. I recommend getting it with a Kobe patty.
4	Service was great, very attentive even if they were swamped. Maybe it's my fault because I ordered a burger that was too spicy for me to handle, but I expected a lot better. Will definitely visit again and get something that is easier to enjoy.
4	Generally, I don't like burgers or blue cheese but The Russell is pretty awesome combination of the two. Specifically, the blue cheese sauce is really what makes the burger awesome; you can put the sauce on anything and it will taste great. Farrens is not easily located as the entrance is down an alley. I think it is probably an attempt to keep the campus kids out and create an environment that is more for the locals, which can be nice.The place is small but our group of five was easily able to get a table on a Thursday night. The service was pretty decent, and it didn't take long to get our food. In my opinion, the tricolor chips were better than the house fries but I am probably in the minority on that one. Overall, I think it is worthwhile to come here and try a burger with the blue cheese sauce. Next time, I will have to try the Russell with the Kobe beef patty.
4	Pretty much upon entry I was congratulated for finding the place. It is set back and between a parking garage and some other building, but it is painted bright green... I think that is what helped me! This place is super casual. The tables and chairs are not very aesthetically pleasing, but i guess it gets the job done. I ordered the grilled scallop salad (because when the guy next to me ordered it and I decided immediately that is what I wanted as well). I am so glad I copied him. This salad was sooo good. Mixed greens. Sweet fruity dressing, Tasty scallops. Walnuts. Strawberries. Grapes. I also think that most salads like this use either feta or goat cheese, but this salad had Parmesan cheese which I think was perfect because the other cheeses I find to be too overwhelming sometimes. Also make sure you get the crackers that come with the salad! Apparently, their burgers are good too.... Maybe next time!
5	Honestly, I'm a pretty big foodie and this was the best meal I've had in Champaign. Be sure to get the homemade potato chips - TO DIE FOR. I had the Spicoli Burger with crumbled bleu cheese - it was out of this world, and also so unexpected for a little hole in the wall joint. Go with an empty stomach because portions are large and you will not be wanting to leave anything uneaten.
4	The space is pretty tight here, but if you avoid the lines, you'll be satisfied. Hamburgers are their specialty, with the "Russell" as their house style.
1	Im gonna sum this up quickly. Booooo!!!! Service/serve was ok, food WASNOT worth what they were charging (cold fries and hard ass bread on the philly cheese steak sandwich). AND I smell like a resturant! Ugh! Won't go back nor will I suggest anyone go there.
5	I was seated near the door so my spot was a little drafty, but my burger was huge and absolutely delicious! I also tried the homemade potato chips at the recommendation of a random fellow patron, and those were pretty good. I'd certainly come here again, but cross my fingers for a warmer seating section.
5	Delicious burgers!Glad I finally got to try this place. The burger didn't disappoint. The only con may have been the waitress...she wasn't as fast in taking our orders and our checks, but it was also a busy day. Got the spicoli. Bacon, mushrooms, onions and cheese. Need I say more? It was so flavorful! The burger was perfectly cooked too (generous amount...). I was so full. Got the fries (you pay extra for these). Oh and a little suggestion--it was a bit misleading but we were told that you can order a half salad instead of the chips (so bizarre to me that they offer chips with burgers). However, note that you pay for the half salad so it's not a true substitution. This was not very clearly stated by waitress and a few people were disappointed to have to pay $4 or so extra for the side salad. The fries were good too. Aside from those issues, the burgers are tasty and I'd come back again!
5	Amazing burgers, had once would go again except the wait was pretty long.
4	Many will tell you this is the best burger in town. Im not sure if I would go that far (Black Dog and Crane Alley will give it a run for its money) but it definitely wont disappoint if you're looking for a BIG, tasty piece of beef between two buns.Location is a little out of the way as it is basically in a basement in downtown Champaign. You will miss it if you are not looking for it. Fries are very tasty. Service is good. Prices are a little steep for a burger. Solid place
1	Based purely on service. . .  10 people (3 groups),  10 minutes,  6 empty tables,  2 servers,  0 eye contact,  0 acknowledgement to  people waiting to sit.  Horrible,  maybe burgers are good,  but I do not like being ignored.
