5	Prestige is a private concierge lounge located on the 23rd floor of The Palazzo.  It has it's own separate check in area (open from 7 am - 9 pm) and a lounge where they serve breakfast, afternoon snacks, evening hors d'oeuvres and have an open bar from 5-8 pm.  The lounge has a wonderful view with huge windows that span the length of the lounge looking out towards the strip and TI and MIrage. It's decorated in a classy and comfortable manner and there's even a baby grand piano that plays itself situated in the middle of the main lounge area.  The suites you stay in are the same as the regular Palazzo suites, so that means they're still spacious (about 720 sq ft) and beautifully decorated.  You basically pay for the extra amenities and to use the lounge. So, you can pay for the Prestige suite ahead of time or if  you have a Palazzo or Venetian reservation already, you can upgrade to Prestige for an extra $100+tax per night for 2 people.Although I'm a local, I've actually staycationed here a couple times and recommend staying here to friends coming into town who have the finances to do so.As far as the staff, the Prestige Agents are really helpful and personable.  They really take their time checking you in and talking to you.  They are actually all concierge agents and can help you book shows, tours, dinner reservation either at the Venetian and Palazzo or somewhere else.  And because it's a private lounge, they usually remember your name and make you feel like you're not just another guest staying at another strip hotel.  If you're a tourist and don't really have your Vegas trip planned, this is a great way to find options and get personalized recommendations.The food is pretty good too.  The breakfast presentation isn't too extraordinary, but some of the hors d'oeuvres in the evening are really good.  On the weekends, the have casino restaurants (like Valentino) cater part of the dinner presentation.  It's a great way to try some higher end restaurant food without having to pay extra!Honestly though, what I really like is the open bar.  If you come here with a group of friends, bachelor party, bachelorette party, date, family, or whomever, the open bar serves you from 5 pm - 8 pm and it's a full bar. It's really a great experience with really friendly staff (the servers in the lounge are really attentive and friendly and clear your plates and grab drinks in a really timely manner).  Depending on how often you actually utilize the lounge (and I definitely do for the drinks!), the upgrade charge pays for itself.  If you're a tourist looking for a more romantic or special Vegas trip, or if you're a local looking for a romantic weekend or special staycation, I would definitely recommend looking into Prestige and consider booking it!
2	Prestige is the concierge level at the Palazzo. The room are the same as the rooms at the Palazzo but you pay $100+ more to get this level of service. The other reviewer has given a good summary of what you get for your money. That is: access to the lounge with the food and drinks, short check in and check out on the 23 floor, free newspapers, concierge services at the desk on the 23rd floor. We wanted luxury, pampering, shopping and shows.the good: It is the Palazzo, go online and check out the rooms if you have not stayed there the SUITES ARE EXCEPTIONAL. Continental Breakfast, snacks (candy and fruit), appetizers in the evening and free drinks including alcohol. Responsive to requests- when I checked in they had a stack of newspapers at the desk I asked if they had a Wall Street Journal the clerk gave me one and said they would make sure I got one every day, and it was faithfully delivered to my suite every day. I also got a shower chair.the bad:The standards in Las Vegas are low compared to other cities, the Prestige at the Palazzo is no exception. We did not have any glasses in our suite when we got there, and some of the drawers did not work in the dresser, and the nightstand clock was not functioning, at $350+ a night I expect everything to be correct. The lights are complicated, my daughter slept with the lights on in her suite, because she could not figure out how to turn them off.Zombie Connecting Room charges, they will not stay dead- we had two suites and when we booked the agent said she would drop the "connection charge" if I booked with her right away. They were back at check in and removed AGAIN, at check out because we complained about the noise they offered to remove them... AGAIN, because they had only been removed from one room.WiFi is included and worked well in the mornings but not in the afternoons.THE UGLY: The Palazzo had a private party going on while we were there the music was so loud on the pool deck that our suites, ON THE 25 FLOOR, were throbbing with the bass of the music. So much so that the TVs in our suites were shaking noticeably, not only could we HEAR the music but we FELT it in our bones. (I have no doubt the participants have hearing damage) I called the desk about 11:40 PM and asked when the music would be ending and I was told that guests all over the hotel were complaining and the music was supposed to have ended at 11 pm and security was already on their way to shut it down. The volume went down some time after midnight.The response:I enquired about the noise policy when we checked out, "When could I expect to have quiet enjoyment of my rooms?" - 2am. The clerk was very understanding and removed the remaining connection charges and some room service charges. Nice, but really did not address our lack of sleep due to the noise. She did recommend that if we came back we try the EAST Wing as that overlooks a golf course and the Wynn and there would likely not be a noise problem there.We were told that the manager was not in yet but she would give us a call, she did and she removed ONE room night from ONE of our suites and told us if we came back to call her and she would take care of us personally. I have no doubt that she would, and throw in some extras, but I am not anxious to return, we have so little time off, it seems imprudent to risk it.If you want to party this is a great place to go for all the reasons mentioned, if you want luxury, and pampering- I suggest you look elsewhere. My friend who first recommended the Palazzo to me, now stays at the Wynn. I may try that or I may just stay-cation at a nice place in San Francisco.
5	For a mere $100 per day, something I generally lose at the Blackjack table in 10 minutes, you can gain access to The Prestige Concierge Level located on the 23rd floor of The Palazzo Hotel. Prestige is the only thing like it on the whole Vegas Strip, and becomes your new home, your one stop shop. You have your own luxury reception desk for a champagne check-in and check out. These same individuals are your full service concierge for any bookings or requests whatsoever. You also of course gain access to The Prestige Concierge Lounge complete with complimentary breakfast, snacks and drinks all day, and appetizers and open bar every night!!! A great bonus is the beautiful view of the strip located right outside the windows. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I would highly suggest this service to any of my friends and family.
2	Save your money -- the extra $100/night is NOT worth it.  The lounge is nice, but really, who wants to be in the lounge when you have all of Vegas to explore!   Also, the concierge service is just average -- but they don't hire foodies here -- just people who know other concierges in other hotels and restaurants.   We had to keep asking them for better recommendations because, in our opinion, the places they sent were just meh.My experience here isn't a positive one -- the recommendations from them were just horrible.  However, their savings grace is that they DID get us in to a very exclusive and difficult place to eat -  this alone saves them from a 1 star review.My advice is that if you don't need a place to eat a mediocre breakfast, or need wifi, and can deal without a newspaper, then don't bother upgrading.   Other than that, use Yelp --- you're in Vegas for the food, the gambling and the shows.  FYI, this review is ONLY for the Prestige upgrade -- all of the rooms at the Prestige are all suites.
2	I am torn between a 2 and 3... I stayed at Palazzo for my bachelorette and my although my friends wanted to stay at another hotel I was told the Prestige lounge made the stay exceptional. And for the most part it was great. The service is great. The drinks and food served are spot on.  But the management needs serious customer service. They incorrectly charged me for an additional guest... I thought not a big deal, its day 1 of my weekend trip, Ill talk to the manger and they can confirm the guest count and reverse the charge... boy was I wrong. First I spoke with Thomas L nothing, then Peter C... nothing.. finally spoke to another manager and he finally agreed to reverse the incorrect charge. WOW! I mean, Im ordering room service having great dinners and have brought a party with me to your hotel and you are giving me a hard time over $100?! If you go you'll have a great service and drinks but be warned check your statements and be ready to talk to many managers before anything is corrected.
3	The prestige is the VIP version of treatment here at the Palazzo. It costs about $100 extra per day ($50 per person) but they don't charge the resort fee so it's more like $80 a day. What do you get?  You get a special group of concierges and access to a VIP lounge. To be honest, I'm not really impressed by Prestige. It kind of reminds me of the special programs Marriott has for it's Platinum guests in regular Marriott hotels (free drinks - luke warm hors d'overs).  The lounge itself is very nice and the staff working the lounge (bartenders etc.) are great, however it's just not enough for the extra $100 / day. Being from Vegas and knowing what VIP should be....  These guys just fall short of the mark.   I could go into details but I'd sound rather spoiled.  Let's just say there are other organizations that do VIP to perfection, and they put the Prestige service here to shame. I'd rather stay at the MGM Sky Loft and I'll be moving there tomorrow.
5	Absolutely amazing service and worth the upgrade for an extra charge! Champagne is served daily and the concierge is extremely helpful and experienced. I highly recommend using Prestige.
4	Great hotel, lots of restaurants and shops within the property.  Very spacious rooms/suites.  I have stay here on more than a dozen occasion and services have always been top notch.  Only thing I don't like is that the pool area gets too crowded.
5	I am sooooo mad at myself!!!!  When I arrived at the Palazzo on August 23 I did what any good yelper would do and checked into this world famous hotel on Yelp.  To my surprise I realized there wasn't a single review!  Could this be I would be the first to review such an amazing place??? I couldn't actually believe it so I searched a few more times to make sure I wasn't making an error.  But, I take pride in yelping so I decided to wait till I spent a few days before I made any comments.  While there I quickly realized the Palazzo lived up to its fine Italian name.  First of all, all the rooms are suites and large they are.  There is a very large sleeping area with two large queen beds, beautiful doors moldings, trim and elegant curtains that hang around the head boards.  There is also a large dresser across from the beds with a nice flat screen TV.  As you move towards the windows you enter the step down living room that has a large wrap around couch, a second TV and an office area.  What was even more spectacular was the curtains could be controlled with a remote or just a simple touch would automatically make them open or close.  Then there was the 150 sq ft bathroom with separate bath and shower, dual vanity and elegant tile work.  Overall this was a very comfortable room and a huge value for the price!  What also stood out was their elaborate pool areas.  They probably had about a dozen pool areas with some being large for the partiers, some in between and then what looked like exclusive VIP areas.  There was also Tao beach which was an exclusive day club and we took full advantage of it.  Since the pool wasn't very large in this area it seemed more like an outdoor bottle service area for people who wanted to rage during the day.  They played great dance music and it was the perfect way to start an epoch weekend!  We drank a lot so I don't remember too many other details other than I will be back.  When I got back to LA late on the 25th I figured I'd write my review on the Palazzo after I got some rest.  Today being the 27th I realized I need to finally get my Vegas reviews done.  To my surprise when I went to the Palazzo's yelp page someone else wrote the first review on the 25th!!!  I couldn't believe it because I was trying to do the right thing and write the review after I had my whole experience and I missed being the first.  Oh well I guess I'm not their first but I did have a first class experience.  Thanks Palazzo I'm truly a fan and will put you on the top of my Vegas list!
5	If I could ADD another STAR on Yelp it's because Of Alison the Front desk person who welcome me like she's welcome her Friends at HOME ... Like a normal Front desk everybody smile n welcomes Guest .. But what her made exceptionally different was her Upbeat and Giving extra mile on her service..informed her if I could upgrade to a 2 Bed from a single .. 1 Point ..told her mom is on a Cane n possible to get one near the Lift!! 1,000 points .. She gave us a room almost next to the Lift with a HUGE smile... No problem where here to help our Guest .. That melted my heart.. Should I come back?? 100,000 YES ... Look for her .. You won't regret it ..
4	I have a Gold Ambassador card through InterContinental. Used my Buy a Weekend Night get one free Certificate this Saturday & Sunday. Upgraded to Prestige. Received a Luxury King Bed Suite with an upgraded view of the Strip & Pool at $400 for two nights. Great value as had the BOGO deal. Breakfast consisted of eggs, bacon, breads, bagels, cereals, oatmeal, croissants, bakery goods, fruit, yogurt, granola, juices, milks & coffee. Saturday Evening Appetizers consisted of veggies, soup,  prosciutto wrapped dates, crusted parmesan chicken skewers, veggie wellington & black bean chicken bites. Sunday evening was calamari, duck crepes, crab lettuce leaves & veggie quesadillas. I've eaten once outside of Prestige & used a 25% off Passport coupon. Had 4 glasses on vino with appetizers. What can I say, I'm a deal queen!
5	Best hotel in Vegas! Great customer service amazing rooms and set up so you don't even have to leave the hotel!
5	Great hotel. The room with the two queens and the large sitting area was fantastic. Unfortunately it was wasted on us since we hardly spent anytime staying in. The restaurants downstairs were great and having their sister concern The Venetian right next door multiplied the selection of restaurants and shops. Will def stay here again.
5	5 star hotel, the service is upscale, we upgraded to prestige level which included our private concierge, bar, dining. and complimentary breakfast and drinks with hot buffet 5-8. The room was so beautiful and the room service was very accommodating. We were very disappointed with azure pool club. Other than that I rate this hotel 5 stars!! Wanted to comment that a pair of pearl earrings come up missing from our bathroom vanity. Wasn't to worried because they were fake but alway lock up valuables
4	The Palazzo is always a great hotel to stay at. I've been here several times and have enjoyed it every single time. Some people might say that The Palazzo is a little pricey, but you aren't just paying for the room, but rather the location. It's located next to the Wynn and Encore which has great clubs and day clubs. I always book the Bella Suite. It's a really nice room with two queen beds, full bathroom with both a shower and tub along with plenty of amenities. I would have to say that the room on average is around $300-$400 a night. If you book months in advance you can probably get it for under $300. The only negative things about The Palazzo is that they do not have their own food court so if you are hungry at night you have to walk to the Venetian or a different hotel for food. Also, they do not have a well-known club here. They have Lavo here, but I did not like it at all. At least XS and Surrender are next door. Overall, I love staying at The Palazzo when I come to Vegas. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are with a group since you can get 2 suites and ask that both room be connected. That is the most ideal thing for a larger group when staying here.
5	The Palazzo was my very first hotel experience in Sin City. I was extremely pleased. Everything from guest services to valet was exceptional! The room had two queen beds and a sitting area. The bathroom was large enough to accommodate myself and my best friend and all our makeup, that says a lot! It was definitely our home away from home.The restaurants were decent, and having the Venetian and their shops and restaurants right next door was convenient.  Since this was my first stay in Vegas, I had nothing to compare it to. Over the summer I returned to Vegas and stayed at a different hotel, and let me just say, it made me miss the Palazzo and wish I had shelled out the money for it. Sure, when you're in Vegas you don't spend a lot of time in your room, however, being a girl, I want to be comfortable, I want a spot to do my makeup, I want a tub that doesn't look sketchy (even though I probably won't use the tub), and the Palazzo provided all of that.I would definitely return!
4	Beautiful suite, excellent facilities and a wonderful pool. We would stay here again.
1	I thought that I booked a room with a 5 star hotel. I was so wrong. I had reservation for weeks. I asked to check in early and they told me that it shouldn't be a problem. I ended up checking in 2 hours after normal check in time. They were very stingy with towels. I had to call twice for towels. I guess I'm suppose to take one shower a day. Usually the hotel automatically changes sheets every day. At the Palazzo , you have to leave this card on your bed if you want to have your sheets changed. I forgot one day and had to sleep in dirty sheets. I guess they think people don't like to have clean sheets. If you are a nonsmoker, you have no place in the casino for you. The gondola is a rip off. Only a 10 minute ride. Employees are not very friendly. No icebox unless you want to pay $25. This is a 4 star or maybe 3.
5	I love this place. The people are very honest. I've left a couple of things in my room a couple of times and always get a call from security to get my stuff back. Excellent service. Beautiful suites. Very clean.
2	This is a great hotel if you don't plan on gambling.  However, I like to play blackjack in Vegas and the Palazzo has lowered the black jack payout from 3- 2 to 6 - 5.  In other words they more than doubled the casino's take/ how much you are expected to lose.  I think this is a very scummy move and there are plenty of other great hotels to chose from.
1	This used to be our favorite hotel to stay in. Not anymore. My girlfriend and I came out to Las Vegas to celebrate her birthday. I booked the room a month in advance and everything seemed like it was gonna be a good stay. We were thrilled about the discount we got on the room since we were part of their Grazie loyalty program.Fast forward to check in:We get into the room and I rush to the restroom. When you gotta go, you gotta go. I look at the toilet and there are dried up urine stains on the porcelain toilet. I called the front desk right away and made it clear that this was unacceptable. For an hour I got bounced around from room to room and every room had disgusting and half-done cleaning jobs. I was passed on from customer service reps to security personnel to finally a housekeeping manager who FINALLY informed me that they are looking into it.Word of advice: if you don't value the money you spend on a "nice" vacation then by all means stay at the palazzo where sanitation and customer service are the last of their priorities
1	Room was not ready when promised .Once I finally got a room, it was not cleaned very well, a cotton swab was left on the bathroom floor, obliviously used . I then noticed I had left deodorant at home ,I call the front desk as any basic hotel in the world keeps toiletries at the front desk incase you forgot something. I was told the hotel doesn't provide such items. I was told to go to Walgreens . So I ended up late to my meeting catching heat from my boss, Also nothing is free , I travel for a living and it is usual not to have at least bottle water .
4	The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel.  Our two bedroom suite on the Prestige level was amazing and didn't disappoint.  The hotel staff were all very friendly and accomodating.  The only reason I took a star off is because as you shop through out the Palazzo and Venecian you are constantly bombarded by pushy sales women in these body lotion shops trying to put eye cream or hand lotion or other items on you.  So pushy that it was uncomfortable to have to walk past them.  I was looking at all these fabulous stores!  Tory Burch, Louis Vuitton.  I was having a blast shopping and then I would hit another one of those stores and be confused as to why there are sooooo many of them and why they all try to make you feel like you look like crap just to sell their products.  Do you really not remember me when I just walked by a few minutes ago and said NO THANK YOU!
5	I love this hotel.  It's close to a lot of good venues, clubs, etc.  Everything is pretty much walking distance.  My friends and I got the suite, which was really nice.  I loved the view from our room.  The beds were so comfy.  The bathroom was big and fancy.  The toilet s separated by a door, which is a plus.  Only if the shower wasn't see through then the whole bathroom would be perfect.  Room service was great.  And lastly, I loved how our check out is late (compared to other hotels).
2	We booked a room at the Venetian, but were put in the Palazzo instead because they had a shortage of non-smpoking rooms.  They tried to "upgrade" our room to a giant room on a smoking floor, which we declined (duh!).  The rooms are large and pretty nice (nothing is as clean as home).  Maid service takes FOREVER and they come pretty late in the day, which is annoying if you're trying to get ready for an evening out.   The most annoying thing, however, is that they NEVER left washcloths in our room.  I had to call to have them brought up every single day, which isn't that big of a deal but is a major annoyance to have to wait for them to take a shower.  Really?  You can't just leave a couple?  I'm pretty sure the two of us don't need SIX hand towels, but two washcloths is too much to ask for?Restaurants and shopping are convenient but pricey.  I'd stay here again, but only because the rest of Vegas is more gross.
5	We had a great room on the 48th floor.  Great restaurants to choose from and a good casino floor.We were in town to do the rock and roll marathon and the hotel had a shuttle to the race start and was close to the finish.  The Sports book at the hotel is one of the best i have been in.
3	The room was spacious, but not as luxurious as I thought it would be.  I thought the Aria was nicer, and cheaper.The location of this hotel is by the Winn, so the walk to other hotels on the strip is long.We went to their spa, and I was pleased with my facial as well as the other amenities they had.The pools were my favorite part of this hotel.  Many different pools spread out so you could pick a pool in the sun or the shade.  A crowded rowdy pool, or a quite secluded pool.  All were well maintained and gorgeous.The staff was accommodating, helpful and polite.
1	The dealers manning the roulette tables get icky and weird when someone is winning consistently. They act rude and create an atmosphere of animosity. Aria in comparison was real good, had fun at Aria. Avoid Pallazo for casino.
5	Aura, The person responsible for cleaning the restrooms is excellent she has fabulous service and cheese on top of everything! Thank you so much Areford being such a great person!you really show the true meaning of customer service!
2	I really really really liked this place until our most recent trip.18% automatic gratuity on room service PLUS a $5 delivery charge.Room service took and hour and a half when they told us 45 minutes.Fudge cake had a black curly hair on it we didn't see until the next morning. We're all blondes.They automatically charge a $50 "convenience fee" if you overstay your 11 am checkout.Little things like that are so annoying it will make me go somewhere else next time. There's too many Vegas options to give mediocre service.
4	Being Las Vegas locals, when my family comes to visit they love staying at the Palazzo or Venetian.  Beautiful rooms and views, this place always exceeds their expectations.  This past time my family's room was not quite ready, and our front desk agent in VIP was so nice in calling us when the room was finished (only 10-15 minutes later).  He said he would happily give us a room that was ready immediately, but the one that was being held for us was on the 48th floor and had a spectacular view.  He was right.  It was worth the wait.  Another great addition is the Juice Farm inside the casino.  So nice to have healthy options and fresh, organic cold-pressed juice even when you travel.  With so much of Vegas being about excess and gluttony, it is nice and refreshing to have a healthy alternative.
4	Clearly one of the best on the strip.   Having stayed at most of the hotels on the strip.   I have to say that this and the Bellagio are clear favorites.   Here mini suites are large enough to feel special.  Not the best but decent views. People are polite and helpful.  I think the only down side to the hotel is that because it is a bit more expensive than Cesears or some of the others, the energy in the casino is not as good. (Less people).
1	If I could give it a zero star, I would jump for it right away. But since I have to give something to write a review so they got a star that they don't deserve. First of all, when we get to the valet, my husband just pulled behind another parked car thinking it must be a line for the valet. The valet guy told my husband "you need to pull up all the way up there to the right, you are blocking the traffic!". I'm not quite sure how we are blocking the traffic when we were just lining up behind other cars. We are checking in as hotel guests and that's the welcome line that we got from them. He could have easily told us "welcome to Palazzo! Could you please pull up to the front?" I mean is that how the hotel trains the employees to welcome their guests???Secondly, which also was the reason why I have to write this review, when my husband checked in at the front desk, they told him that they will upgrade us to another suite in the Venetian towel because the one we booked doesn't have a view. We bought that thinking it will be a nicer, better room. Little did we know, the place is actually smaller, 700 square feet compares to 720 square feet suite that we originally booked. The room does look older than the palazzo ones although the layout is almost the same. Not even a fridge provided which we kinda expected from high end hotels. Anyway, we had to walk across the whole hotel to get to the Venetian towel next to grand lux cafe, they stuffed us in the very last room in the 11th floor at the very end of the hall way that literally takes more than 170 steps to get there from the elevators. This is not what I expected for paying $300plus/night for a room. I have stayed at Wynn and Encore and their rooms are a lot nicer, more spacious and brighter then this crappy room for cheaper prices. On top of that the view is not even the one that I can call mediocre. Just the view of the pool, looking down to a roof of some building and not even partial view of the strip was insight. My husband called back and asked to be back to the palazzo, to the suite that we originally booked and they said they were fully committed for that night! How on earth that you were fully committed when we did reserve our suite??? They said to call back in the morning to check on the status to be moved back to palazzo! We felt that we were being shafted with a lie from the hotel's front desk to make us feel like we got a deal to get upgraded to a better spot when they actually ran out of the room that we originally booked. This kind of service is unacceptable at a 5 star-rated hotels like Palazzo and deceptive to the guests. Now we are stuck at this end-of-the hall hole. My husband got so upset and ruining the mood of our family vacation. Obviously Palazzo put their benefit above the guests' comfort, convenience  and satisfaction! We have stayed at Palazzo before but this stay will be the last ever for us here. Never coming back and we will be sure to spread the "quality" if their customer service to others.
5	I have been to Vegas a million of times and have experienced a number of different hotels.  However, this last trip, I took my entire family (3 kids- 9,8,4y/o) and wanted to find the right hotel/casino.  After this trip, my conclusion is that the Palazzo is the perfect hotel for families.  Hotel:  This is one of the newer hotel being only 7-8 years old. It doesn't look run down and still has the new hotel vibe working.  The place is clean and bright.  It is located in an ideal location, connected to Venetian, across the street (short walk) to Mirage and Wynn, and the Fashion Mall.  The Casino is on the smaller size but makes for a shorter walk.  I love the fact that from valet, you are in your room in about 5 mins. I love that there is only 1 set of elevators to take you to your room.  I never waited longer than 15 seconds for an elevator.  Lots of restaurants to choose from too.Rooms:  Very nice and spacious.  If you get the Bella room (2 queen beds) you will have plenty of space for your family.  There are plenty of lighting in the room.  I like that the blinds are controlled by a remote control.  The only thing is that you cannot utilize the fridge in the room due to the mini bar being controlled by sensors.  The bathroom is large.  I just wished there were more outlets and plugs for the new lightening charger. Our room was 10-818 and a short walk to the elevators. Wifi was included in the resort fee ($28) and was pretty decent.  Speed was good but you would loose connection once you went to the lobby.Service:  Overall very good.  We utilized housekeeping a few times and they responded quite fast.  Bellman were very friendly and also responded pretty fast.  The only thing that was a tad slow was valet.  They wouldn't let you call down to have your car brought out front (they would put it on the "priority" list).  So we would wait up to 15 mins for our car.  Amenities:  They seem to have a very nice pool area even though we did not utilize it.  Ample shops and restaurants to eat at.  No kids arcade or hang out though.  Great shows.  My biggest compliment is their workout facility.  Lots of equipment and free weights.  Even yoga and other fitness classes to choose from.  Only negative is that it closers at 8pm.  Value:  IT was great cuz my rooms were comped.  All in all, a great hotel for family.  I would definitely return.
1	Due to an unavoidable emergency I recently had to cancel my family's holiday trip to Las Vegas. I realized I would lose my deposit of a 1 night's stay. I called the reservations number to cancel and was treated with the finest customer service, even expressing regret that we had to cancel our trip and inviting us to please come back soon. Within the hour I received a statement of the settlement of my cancellation. Unfortunately things did not go well from that point forward. The amount refunded to me was not correct according to the settlement statement and when I called to inquire about it, I got " Tanya" in accounting. Tanya refused to give me her last name and after requesting to speak to someone else or a supervisor THREE times- she continued to be rude and told me no one else could help me, refusing to transfer me other than to say she could transfer me back to reservations. (Obviously reservations wasn't able to resolve an accounting error.)I had heard this was a classy hotel and expected to be treated with basic courtesy- nope!! Just rude Tanya. Best wishes to you, Tanya. I hope that when you have a legitimate customer service issue of your own, you are connected with someone kinder and more pleasant than you to resolve the issue. The Palazzo should be ashamed to have someone so rude and unprofessional working in accounting. Check your credit card receipts folks- TANYA is processing them!!!!!
5	We had a great time there, I had an issue with a venue that was happening in the hotel that then the security guy from Palazzo stepped in , he was the nicest guy and went out of his way to solve the issue , his name was ZEV and thanks to him we could go on with our night.. Very polite and friendly staff, strongly recommend this hotel.  If you go to vegas this is where you should stay...
4	Overall good experience over all. Clean and spacious. If you get the bella room, you'll get a 2 queen beds, and a couch that has a pull out bed. You can accommodate 6 adults if need be, which is great if you are coming here with a huge party! I'd say the only bad part is it's kinda toward the end of the stripe, so if you plan to walk give yourself plenty of time to get where you need to go.
5	definitely my family's go-to hotel when spending a few days in vegas. one of the best hotels that still looks fancy inside and out. rooms are very spacious, especially if getting a suite. we always end up getting a room on level 35-38 for a bella suite, and our view being the whole strip, just right in front of Treasure Island. there are also lots of great amnesties including spa and fitness center. being at the center of the strip, almost everything is a close walking distance. if you want to earn points to receive a free 2 nights stay, sign up for a Grazie card. overall, i really love staying here!!
