4	I like this establishment for a few reasons -- the people are friendly, the service is fair, and the prices don't even approach what a BMW or MB dealer will quote.The place used to be one small building, which used to be extremely cramped to get in/out, and was a downright pain when picking up your car from service since they used to park them in the back of the service area by the garages.  They've now branched out and included the building to the south, which serves as a sales and service addendum.  They even have an honest-to-goodness "service drive" now.Now, the service was always done well and to a high level of competence.  The techs would sometimes come and talk to you directly so you could dialog and ask/answer specific questions.  You don't usually get this type of  transparency at shops that have the number of certified techs that Euro Imports does, so I always valued this.  As I eluded to earlier, the prices are fair (still outrageous on most accounts, but judging by comparisons, pretty damn good) and the work is good for the amount you pay.  Once or twice I've had to reattach some trim pieces or ask them to re-install parts after going to the lot to drive my car home after picking up the keys in the office, but its nothing  that really turns me off -- a minor annoyance (if even that).  For their car selection, I do like some of their offerings, but I am just not a fan of the 'flashy, crazy, outlandish' (usually chrome) wheels they put on the cars on the lot in lieu of OE, and the sales people aren't sometimes 'that' helpful beyond fetching the keys for the test-drive.Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for good quality work on their BMW or Mercedes, or anyone looking for a lower-priced but still pretty good buy on a used car.
1	This place is your typical rip off place as far as I am concerned, I recently took my 2003 BMW Z4 3.0 convertible  in because my service engine light was on and my top was not working. They had me come in before they even opened, which I was not happy having to wait for someone to get there and for them to open up. They treated me like crap, and when they called to tell me they had looked at everything and fixed my service engine light. It turned out to not be the case.I got there and as they drove my car from the garage to me the service engine light popped back on, which they never truly fixed they just temporarily  fixed it, they said my sensor was bad but still charged me $34.67 to reset it, and less then a week went by before it came back on. They also had the tech come out and talk to me about my top not working, he told me the motor for my top was shot, and would cost me close to $800.00 to replace. After taking this to another repair shop, they deemed that the motor was fine just out of hydraulic fluid and would cost less then $50.00 to fix. Really disappointed in this place. Complete joke and very unprofessional. I would give this place minus stars if Yelp would let me.
2	I hate to write a bad review but this place really rubbed me the wrong way, About a year ago i was looking for a 5-Series BMW and they had one online, i went to check it out, and they were not exactly on the ball, they took forever to find the keys, didn't know much about the car ect..which was ok, that was not a big deal. I came home and i called the owner and asked him about the car, he said it was in perfect condition and had never been in an accident and he's give me a good deal on it, mind you this was the OWNER of the dealership, i asked him about the car fax report and he said he would supply it and that it was clear! So just to double check i ran a carfax and it came out clean, but then i ran an AUTO CHECK *similar to carfax but more detailed* and found out this car had gone through the auction as a suspected salvage vehicle, mind you the car did not have a salvage title or anything so i don't understand what the exact issue was but obviousley THERE WAS AN ISSUE which the owner tried to hide from me, now if i would have bought this vehicle then tried to sell it a few years later i would have been screwed on resale value when this came up! I hope euro imports does not try to do this to all its customers because sooner rather than later their reputation will be ruined...worse than it already is!
1	This place goes to show you that crooks won't stay in business long.  Their sign is gone and one of their buildings looks empty so it looks like they finally screwed too many people and are moving on or just changing their name or something.  Anyway, I stupidly bought a car there a few years ago.  It was a decent price and they were friendly but that are the only positives I have.  The car was basically a piece of junk which wouldn't have been so bad if the "extended warranty" I bought from Euro was actually from a company that was still in business.  That's right, I bought the extended warranty thing for like 2 grand and never used it because the company went out of business.  Euro Imports kept making excuses and wouldn't give the money back.  Big shocker there.  So, like a fool, I spent tons of cash at their repair shop and the loaner car they promised was non-existent.  All around it was a pain in the ass and I am glad they are out of business.  I have learned my lesson to never again buy a used car at one of those shady places on Scottsdale Road.  Do yourself a favor and go to the dealership.  Right, it may cost you a few extra bucks, but if you are going to get screwed, get screwed by a company won't go out of business in 3 years.Every single person at Euro Imports was a liar and a crook and I would think twice about hiring any one of them at another dealership.
1	These guys are shady...I went in to look at a Saab they had in the showroom that they had on eBay. I asked for a test drive, they said they can't let people test drive cars that they have on eBay... OK then, that's weird.Then I asked where the car came from. He said it was off lease locally, and the carfax was clean.I was getting a weird vibe from the dude, like he was full of shit, so I went back to check the AutoCheck, and found out the car was originally from El Paso, TX (that's not local to me) and it had previously been in an accident and was also a theft recovery... does that sound like a clean Carfax to anyone?Just stay away, from the other reviews it sounds like these guys are typical shady used car dealers that will screw you over. I'm glad I trusted my gut on this one.
4	I recently had my car repaired at their dealership.  I got quotes from several other places for repair of the back and side panels on my car. After briefly talking to the owner about my issues I decided to go ahead and get the car repaired there. Their quote was a good $800 less than the other places, and they completed the work in exactly the time they had estimated. The quality of work as far as I could see was on par, and since I'm writing this review several months after the work is completed I can say that I've had no issues since. Overall, I found the owner to be professional and courteous and he seemed to go out of his way to please. I would definitely go back.
1	No integrity,  Extremely crooked be careful.  They even try to rip off other business in the areaand literally don't give a crap about no one!  Be very careful of the other car lots around them also.  They all have a rap sheets miles long.
