5	My friend and I got lost in the suburbs of Las Vegas.  And noticed a grand opening of this Yakitori place and decided to check it out. Since, we were lost and hungry. (& I didn't feel like eating @ taco bell or mickey d's which was next door. ) Plus I was craving for Boba. The service was superb and friendly. I ordered a lamb skewer and the Ribeye sizzling plate. The meat was cook to perfection.  My friend had the chicken sizzling plate, which I had a bite of and was very juicy! The grapefruit green tea had some grapefruit pulp in it, which was nice. Did I mention that the price here was very reasonable?
3	A few days ago, I was at Taco Bell next door and noticed the grand opening signs for BeeGee Kitchen. Today I decided to stop by and try them out for lunch. Although their menu consists of a good selection of skewers (chicken, seafood, vegetables), I wanted something a little more filling for my lunch, so I decided to go with the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl. It was nothing special. I did like their Garlic Teriyaki sauce. However, I felt that they were a bit stingy with the chicken. Looking at a copy of their menu that they gave me, I noticed that you can order extra chicken, but that would cost an additional $1.95. Also, the two pieces of broccoli that was in the bowl was rock hard, I couldn't even bite into it!I also ordered the Strawberry Slushy, which was very good and not overly sweet. It was served in a boba-like drink cup with a sealed lid. Just perfect for the hot weather we've been having lately!The employee who helped me was very friendly. He asked me how I heard about the restaurant and I told him that I saw their signs a few days ago as I was driving by. He mentioned that they have been open for the past 4 days. After I got my food, he thanked me for my business and said "Hope to see you again soon!"I would come here again to try other items on their menu. They also have a drive-thru and according to their website, they are open until 2am!
2	I was so excited when they finally opened because my curiousity was an itch that had to be scratched.  Today was scratching day.  I decided to come here for lunch and ordered the Meat Sampler.  My boyfriend also got this.Meat was bland, the seasoning on the meat wasn't good and it was dry.  In order for it to be edible for both my boyfriend and myself, we had to dip the meat in sweet chilli sauce.The rice could have been better also.  The best thing about this restaurant are the employees.  The cashier was very patient and kind and polite.  If only the food matched his service and kindness, the restaurant would have been perfect.
4	My friend from work tried this place first, and recommended it to me because they have low prices, large drinks, good food, and everything tasted delicious!So...Today was the first time I visited this place, and they were really nice to me, so I decided to make a yelp account and write a review for them. I want you guys to enjoy it too =)This place has an amazing selection of wonderful tea drinks, slushies, yogurt drinks, squeezed fruit juice, and a variety of toppings you can choose from to customize your drink =)In addition, there's a variety of skewers (a lot of different types), rice bowls, noodles, etc.Their website is www.BeeGeeKitchen.comTheir facebook is www.facebook.com/BeeGeeKitchen.comI got the websites off their menu =)I've included pictures of...The menuMy first drink (size small for about $2.85), it's HUGE!!! :D, and fatter than a 32 oz Gatorade :3Enjoy! Please write more reviews after you've visited this place. Thank you!!!
4	My brother and I just had dinner at BeeGee Kitchen.  I'm glad we can get awesome asian food without having to go to the Chinatown!!SERVICE: There were only 3 employees in this small joint.  I think the maximum seating is probably 24.  Super friendly staff.  The food doesn't come all at once, so you kind of have to watch your friend eat while you wait for your food.DRINKS:I love their drinks! Especially the yogurt drinks.  I've had the Mango Yoyo, Passion Fruit Yoyo, and the Green Apple Yoyo.  We actually decided to try this place out because their drinks are awesome!FOOD Skewers:  reasonably priced, and we love the seasoning on them!Chicken Heart - We both agreed that this was the best chicken heart we've hadChicken Thigh - we liked the seasoning, but it could've been more moistBeef - really tender and juicy, we'll get it again for sure next timeFishballs - it's not bad, but not too impressiveShitake - one of the must haves!Teriyaki Chicken Bowl - not your average panda teriyaki! The Teriyaki sauce was really good and not overly sweet.BeeGee Mix Sizzling Plater - a combo of chicken, beef, and port.  I think i'm just going to get the beef next time.  Chicken and the pork was a bit dry.Soba - the cold noodle here beats Sandai's!
4	Little chunks of dead animal bits on bamboo sticks with seasonings thrown on it then left on a fire for a few minutes...SMART!!Cool new place for Yakitori, a pretty decent selection at decent prices for a decent size. What's not so decent: The flavor. Plenty of deliciousness if you know what to orderLamb - Not very gamey (i like gamey), good fat to meat ratio. lightly dusted with cumin after it's grilled. Very niceChicken Thigh - Not dry, generously seasoned, damn tastyChicken Gizzard - a table favorite, ate over 6 of theseChicken Hearts - they've been butterflied and are slightly on the dry side but not to the point where they're hard and chewy, still perfectly tenderChicken Cartilage - I assumed it was going to be the cartilage from the breast since other places i've been to served it that way. Instead i received the cartilage from the joint of what i'm assuming to be the drumlet. This is a hit or miss depending on personal preference, for me it was a miss as i was expecting something else.Beef - I think it's the ribeye skewer, honestly didnt compare to the others, ribeye is an excellent high quality cut of beef but in my opinion doesnt do very well in this application. chunks of boneless short ribs would have been my choiceScallop - What they lack in size they make up in flavor. these are DAMN TASTY and juicySalmon - SalmonFish Ball - mehBeef Ball - Whoa these are good, lightly brushed with some sauce they're slightly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Some good stuffShiitake Mushroom - Nicely seasoned rehydrated mushroom caps. Garlic Butter Mussels - Order the 12 piece...6 won't last. Passion Fruit Brain Freezer Slushy - Got this with the BeeGee mix which is the Lychee Jelly and the Passion Fruit Jelly. Very good on the size to cost ratio and even a better deal with paired with an entree. I like it better then Tea StationWhat i'd like to see on the menu:- Okra - Chicken Liver- Chicken Cartilage (from the breast)Overall Beegee has a lot of potential once it decides what it wants to be. The menu is part Tea Station part cheaper Ichiza (limited to the Yakitori obviously). The location itself takes advantage of the drive through but i wouldnt consider or recommend ordering anything drive through or take out. Yakitori is ment to be served within minutes of cooking it.Portion sizes are small and priceing is fair and out of everything we ordered there was nothing to complain about taste wise. Everything was nicely seasoned, sometimes overseasoned but not to the point where it was too overwhelming. I would LOVE to come here to snack and socialize. There's enough variety and flavor as well as an comfortable atmosphere to bring a few friends, order a bunch of dead animal parts and share a few laughs. Now if only beer was on the menu and instead of a closing time of 11pm it was adjusted to 1am...oh well wishful thinking.
4	This Vegan is always looking for new and yummy things to eat/drink and BeeGee Kitchen has given me something to look forward to on work days. Their zucchini skewers are flavorful, delicious and quite inexpensive. I love to wash it down with an ice-cold Coconut Milk Tea w/Boba (which is oddly not on their site menu). This Tea is an orally climactic experience.Service with a smile and a welcome back every time. Love this place!
3	The drinks are good, the food is ehhhh.
5	I finally tried this place after two friends went here and from all the yelp reviews. I have to say I am definitely coming back. Loved the skewers! Pretty yummy for the most part. I got the pick-your-own 6 skewers deal for $7.95. The overall order is pretty small so for a lot of boys or big eaters out there this wouldn't be enough for you. It was enough for me since I was going to be eating buffalo wild wings a few hours afterwards. Anywho, I couldn't tell exactly which skewer was which but one thing's for sure. I really really really liked the chicken gizzards. I didn't like the scallops and the rest were chicken heart, pork, and beef. They were good, but didn't stand out like the gizzards. Definitely getting them next time! (I will also update and try out the others next time...)I also got the boba drink and that was in a fatter cup than you would usually be used to. Photos will be posted!
3	Saw an ad in the chinese newspaper and thought why not! Located SW of Las Vegas and across Desert Breeze park, its a nice small place that serves up gigantic boba/slushy drinks! Most of them are priced around $2.85 and are all full of flavor. Got the coconut and passionfruit slushy which came in a gigantic tub-like cup!Also ordered the 6 skewer special which was okay tasting. I chose the chicken gizzard, chicken heart, pork, lamb, and ribeye. They could have added more seasoning onto the meat to get more flavor but eh. however, the meat was grilled to perfection and very chewy but honestly, you can't really get full on the skewers alone which is why you shouldn't come if you're super hungry. The garlic butter mussels are delish! but of course you can't get full on that either. The BeeGee's sizzling platter is probably the only thing that I got full on since it came with porkchop, beef, and chicken plus rice and the flavor was quite savory.Pros: gigantic drinks!tasty skewersCons: price for skewers (probably won't get full unless you order a lot)
4	Affordable food that doesn't come from the deep fryer or corn-filled patties? Awesome.I am glad BeeGee opened up in my neighborhood because mainly I was tired of the lack of healthy affordable options around the Spring Valley area. What I enjoy most about the yakitori (skewers) at BeeGee is that the meat is actually decent quality and lots of TLC was put into making each skewer. They're closed on Monday, but must be because they're preparing for the week. I know because I tried to go on a Monday, but the door was locked and they were busy prepping. The great variety of different skewers such as chicken breast, gizzard, heart, squid, scallop, and beef for example combined with the smokey flavor from their unique (charcoal!) grill that is supposedly hand crafted from Japan makes BeeGee a winner. Best deal has to be the 6 pick your own sampler. Reason is that you can have anything! Some skewers like the scallops cost $2 something already. Plus you get a discount on their many drinks. The adjusted price is $2.25 from $2.85 I believe. The drinks now come in the trendy JUMBO cups that don't really fit in your cup holder lol. My favorite would have to be the honey green tea citrus and the mango yoyo. Yoyo drinks are yogurt based, kind of taste like Yakult (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakult). Don't worry my non-meat eating friends they also have veggie options for your tasting.Aside from the yakitori, they also offer udon, sukiyaki, sizzling plates, and... dun dun dun.. teriyaki bowls. Their teriyaki bowl comes in a good meat to vegetable to rice ratio that would make an excellent substitute for that weak salad you could eat at Quizno's. Lastly, its quality over quantity over here, so if you're a big eater that is starving, I wouldn't suggest it if you're on a budget.  Note: Wait time is longer than most traditional restaurants, mostly because it takes lots of love to make the skewers nicely cooked :). So if its for lunch that you're picking up.. call ahead!
4	Since my first visit, I've been back twice (this all occurred in June 2011). Let's update with some new things that I've noticed.First of all, the same waiter has been really friendly and helpful each time I've come to eat here. If you have any questions, he'll be happy to answer them. They do have specials on specific skewers for $0.99. Luckily, my favorite one, the chicken gizzards, are part of the deal :D.Be warned, the big boba cups will not fit in your cup holder. However, I have seen the smaller cups so you probably have to ask for it. I like the big cups though :D. They're cute.I also tried the chicken sizzling platter on my very last visit. It definitely is not sizzling when you get it. Tastes like teriyaki after awhile. I know I will be sticking to my skewers (which I still have to try all the different types). My friend got the beegee mix but that's just all the meat.If you have a party of 4 or more, make sure you call in ahead of time and ask for the yelp special + it would definitely help so they can make your orders ahead of time or something. It does take a LONG time if there's a lot of orders (especially with other guests). Make sure you have time.
4	Good service and tasty food.  My personal favorite is the chicken heart.  It is so tender and delicious.  The flavor is just right.  It definitely hits the right spot when you are craving for something light and flavorful.  I will come back for more rounds!  My only wish would be for them to open later
5	This restaurant is awesome!They have the best employees.  The cashier was very kind and polite and patient. My friends and I had dinner in here yesterday, we order: Chicken Heart, Fishballs,  Chicken soft bone, Shitake...and some drinks.  We all love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The most of Drinks that I love is Green Tea, because is good for health, and they have a lot of choices, like "Passion Fruit Green Tea" " Mango Green Tea" "Strawberry Green Tea" ect... I would LOVE to come here more often!!
5	I love this place!!!! Everytime i go to vegas, this is my first stop. Very tasty terayaki! They even got boba drinks~ it feels like LA even tho its in vegas. Roy is very nice and he gives good recommendations. Not a very big place but its quiet (+1) :)
5	Curry chiken is great.. Most of the skewers are also great. Drinks are perfectly made !
4	I love this place! It's open til 3am so it's great for late night dine-ins. It's a pretty small place so I wouldn't say it's good for crowds but the quality and price of food makes up for it. Plus they have 99cent milk tea boba so that's definitely a plus! My favorites are the Fishball Curry and the Chicken Wing yakitori. Tried the soba noodles once and wasn't very fond of it but other than that, no complaints.
5	My usual: Beef Meatball skewers w/ a scoop of rice and Watermelon juice.We came across this place when we were driving around trying to find a new place to eat and made the mistake of going next door first to Subs and something. Everything we wanted to order over there was followed with a "Oh Sorry, we're out of that"... So we went next door to BeeGee.The skewers are not big but the prices reflect the size, so it's ok. We've been to yakitori places that have been way more expensive than BeeGee. They have a pretty big selection for bobas, juices, teas, etc. I love, love, love their Watermelon Juice. It's the freshest thing I've ever tasted (actually second to the Golden Watermelon at a San Diego eatery). Service is great, staff is friendly. After the first couple times we visited, they remembered us from that point on.The only bad thing that I can say about BeeGee is that they're not open until 3pm so if you're looking to have lunch or have a craving for their eats, it's torture on ya. But if late night eats is what you're lookin' for, look no further.
4	Love the Japanese Yakitori from BeeGee Kitchen! Chicken skin, wings, gizzard, cartilage, mushroom, fishball, beefball, chicken sauce with rice are must try!!! I order water melon juicy every time, they use 100% water melon to make it, not using the extract like other cafe.The down sie is their meal is a bit pricy and i know they just raise the price of their item again. But dining here still can be inexpensive if you are not ordering like 15 skewers to fill your stomach.
2	When I asked "what's fusion about the food" and got a blank look and response. I knew I was in trouble here. i was already inside and figured i might as well. Teriyaki chicken bowl was pretty basic, tasted sweet in a bad way. The shrimp lo-mein wasn't that good also the shrimp was over cooked and tasted just wrong. Order 2 tiny tasteless beef skewers for almost $3 laughed when I saw it. The beef curry was the only good tasting dish but still basic.The interior was nice for dining in and I think they have a drive through. But the portions were small, food OK, and over priced.
2	My first visit was about 7-8 months ago and I still go maybe once every week or two, JUST to get boba though.I've tried the teriyaki bowl and it was mediocre... I guess for the price it wasn't bad, but the overall taste was bland. Seems like I could have gotten the same food quality from a microwavable teriyaki dinner. I think the boba is above average, if that. I always get the coconut milk tea with boba. It's really cheap in comparison to other boba places where their small sizes are the same prices as the HUGE size you get at BeeGee, though the milk tea is a bit watered down. Really I keep going here because it's a pit stop before heading to work and the drive-thru makes it very convenient to satisfy my boba cravings on the go.I'm not quite sure what to say about service. They aren't really friendly, but they've never been rude either. I came almost everyday for two weeks being helped by the same guy who not once acknowledged I was a regular in any sort of way. I found that odd especially because each time I tipped $1-$5 depending on the amount of drinks I ordered. It gives you the "McDonalds feel" where you're quickly pushed out because they are slammed, except they aren't busy. Ever.
4	Still a fan but they took out their curries :( however the great addition of the Beef Yaki Udon has become my new favorite!
4	My boyfriend made a comment that when reviewing an establishment, it's always best to check it out more than once.  At the very least, twice.  So, I have finally decided to come back to Bee Gee kitchen Yakitori Fusion & Grill.  My last review, I gave them two stars.  This time I gave it four stars. This little quaint mom and pop's type of restaurant has a very cute and inviting feeling to it with the simple decorations on the walls.  As for the service, it was just fine and the attentiveness was there.I ordered Chicken Heart, Fish Ball, Squid Ball, and Rice.  After biting in to the food, I felt like I was back home to Philippines again.  This is something that street vendors would sell.  Like in Ratatouille when the Anton Ego bit in to his Ratatouille dish, I felt like I was a little 5 year old again in the markets with my mom biting in to the fishball with the chilli sauce.  It felt nostalgic and the only complaint I had this time around was that I didn't order Chicken Gizzard.  My first experience wasn't exciting, but this experience changed everything around.  I wouldn't mind going back for another round.
4	Needs a big banner in front of restaurant that says "Boba Tea" or something so thirsty park-goers will know they can go there for drinks. We didn't expect Boba drinks when we arrived at the restaurant. We tried the noodles and scallops hot plate. Noodles were OK, but scallops were great (perfectly cooked, has flavor, and not dry).  Friendly and fast service.  Ambiance: TV was a little distracting since it was on the counter and right in your face as you eat. Also, the spotlights in the restaurant can be dimmed a little. Late at night, sitting under a glaringly bright spotlight might be too much.
4	In case you're looking at this on 4/06/2012 I forgot I needed to update this because there is a change in management at Bee Gee's. Yakitori is now limited to chicken thigh, heart, wings, fish balls, and squid balls. Items are mostly hibachi style (hot plate), but have no worries they still make their tasty drinks!
3	I have visited a couple times after the owner change and... it is pretty much a different restaurant now. I really enjoyed the yakitori that was available before and pretty much all that is available now is chicken, chicken heart, wings, fish tofu (?), and squid balls. Hibachi and udon stir fry is what they're all about. Not for me, as I don't see it as an healthy alternative anymore with all the sauce and whatnot, but if you're craving some noodles or a hot plate then BeeGee is certainly an option!
4	I purchased the Groupon for this place and recently tried them for a quick dinner. We came in with the plan to drive thru and get a quick dinner to go. We decided last minute to go inside and eat there. Service was friendly. We ordered some udon and curry noodles to share. The food was cooked fresh and therefore took a little longer than typical fast food. Good thing we came inside to order, since we'd probably be waiting quite a while at the drive thru. All the food was pretty reasonably priced, although portions weren't incredibly generous, but the food was pretty tasty. I'd give it a 3 1/2 stars, rounded up. I'd definitely come back for some cheap take out.
4	We shared the spicy chicken udon, curry noodles and spicy mussels. I really enjoyed their food, pretty spicy too. They have a drive thru so I'll probably stop back again when I'm in a rush and want some fresh food made to order.
4	Craving hibachi since celebrating my friends birthday and was excited to try Bee Gees. It's a small restaurant with a drive through. Opted to dine in and started with appetizers, the kakage (vegetables w/small pieces of shrimp mixed together - tempura style) and the shrimp & mushroom saute ( like shrimp scampi w/mushrooms).  I liked both of them. I couldn't decide between the hibachi chicken and shrimp . I ended trying both and ordered the hibachi shrimp  (shrimp w/side of vegetables) and side order of the hibachi chicken (chicken only). I loved the hibachi shrimp and have been dreaming about having more,since! The chicken was a bit blah. I also tried the icy slushy in coconut flavor, yum, refreshing and not overly sweet! I will definitely be back.
2	The name intrigued me and the location was convenient from where we were.  We figured what the heck:Ordered:Miso Soup - Did not receiveSpicy Udon - Small presentation, but it was actually filling and tasty.Gyoza - Did not receiveCurry Noodle Beef - got a curry chicken rice bowl instead.  Icy Slushy (Small)? Slushy (Small) - I apologize... I forgot what Jade ordered, but we didn't receive it.Tempura Ice CreamPros:  * Spicy Udon was favorable * Slushy Cups were a bit different.  Size large almost was like a to-go soup container* The drinks itself were quenching.* I liked the way the place was decorated* Easy parkingCons:* We didn't receive half of our order* We managed to get a curry chicken rice bowl instead of curry beef noodles(I don't know how this happened.  She even read our order back to us).*  It was obvious that they forgot to give us some of our food, but instead of apologizing, they manipulated our receipt to make it look like we never ordered it.  In the restaurant's defense... I can't 100% for sure say that this is what happened with the food that never made it to our table.  I am just assuming since the kitchen looked confused when they had our dishes sitting on the counter towards the end of our meal and then we saw them look at our receipt and re-enter stuff into the register before giving us our bill.  They could of easily just apologized for forgetting and ask if we still wanted the stuff. Overall:  I gave a two stars for the prices, menu selection, and decor. The food was nothing out of the ordinary.  It's not somewhere I'd make a journey to get to.  Orders took a long time to come out and half of our order never even made it. We normally would have complained and said something, but we were on a timed schedule and had no time.  A simple apology, better organization, and more stand out menu items would have given the place a better score, but for now... I've experienced better.  Sorry BeeGee!
1	I went to this place after I saw the pics from yelp, but when I got there they gave me a total different menu. Apparently they sold the place a few months ago and  they no longer sell  the same items. their lunch special is about 8-10 dollars. The food took a while  to arrive and they told me they run out of some ingredients. I would not recommend this place
3	Decided too mix things up for dinner last night. I searching on yelp finding something new and close by too try. I decided too give BeeGee a go. Talk about small place!! It hold around 20 people. The decor for such small place is kind of relaxing with bamboo plant in pot, few japanese art on the walls, and think nice small restaurant. The service is great the server greets you with smile and very helping since my first time there asking questions about the menu. The menu is straight forward nothing too crazy but your traditional japanese affair. I tried the gyoza (it one of favorite appetizers ever and must anytime go asian restaurant) and the teriyaki bento box. The gyoza was good it was my favorite part of my meal. It seared off perfect outside nice crispy, nice steaming out bite in, and the filling was good. The bento box it was ok nothing too wow you or for me never did. I would say solid teriyaki chicken, the salad with the dressing nice and refreshing, the tempura was ok, and crab sushi rolls nothing special. The prices are reasonably price and lot of other things on the menu like udon section hit up the next visit. Anything that for certain stands out is they have drive thru. If looking for panda type food on the go but with lot more choice and make it fresh not bad option. I will go back again.
2	If i had to sum it up to one word that word has to be 'Uninspired'.Man this place has changed since this place opened up. Gone are the Japanese skewers made to order and seasoned quite nicely and priced reasonably. Not sure if the place changed owners or management but the name is no longer "BeeGee" but "BG" not a huge difference but they determined it's important enough to make the change.Anyway i had a GroupOn that was expiring soon and didn't know they canc'ed the skewers.Had to order over 20 to make the groupon worth it so i grabbed the Salmon Teriyaki Bento box and a shrimp yakisoba to go.The salmon was small and drenched with sauce. No real taste of salmon just mostly sauce. The sweet potato tempura was a nice touch really wasnt expect that and thought it was a carrot. Shrimp tempura wasnt anything special, just lightly battered and deep fried shrimp. Salad was alright.Overall i dont see myself coming back. The food is just 'okay' and since i no longer live on this side of town and there's no skewers there's kind of no point any longer.
2	I a rooting for this small business, but they just miss the mark here.
