5	Almost just like the Hilton Garden Inn we stayed in the night before in Flagstaff, except much much newer (4.5 months old is what I thought I heard).* Free bottled water voucher* Free continental breakfast voucher for me, and free FULL breakfast voucher for my coworker... wtf!* Free internet* Nice, huge, glass shower* Super awesome shuttle driver who took us to dinner and drove us around ASU and Mills Ave for a quick tourWe paid $77 per person because it was partially comped by US Air, who made us miss the last flight to Atlanta. If not for the discounted price, I would give this place 4 stars...mostly because I'm still pissed that they gave me a "lesser" breakfast voucher for being a Silver rather than Gold HHonors.
4	Thank you, Phoenix!  The best $69 we could spend!After a devastating revelation yesterday at the Phoenix airport when I found out that my Passport Card wasn't sufficient enough to get me on a flight to Mexico...  We were given a pass to stay at a local hotel while I waited for my Passport book to be couriered in from San Jose, Ca. From the moment you walk into the front lobby, the entire place smiles at you!  Friendly service, clean room, HBO, and free Wi-fi!  OH MY!  hee hee I'm sitting here in the lobby now as the shuttle driver loads up our bags and then we are off, but not without telling you all that we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here at the Hilton Garden Inn.  My favorite part of the experience was the breakfast we just had... Made to order omelettes and home made waffles made by yours truly!  That's right!  You get to make your own homemade waffles!  Fun stuff! The restaurant staff is over the top pleasant and attentive ~ Come stay & enjoy! Thank you, HGI!
4	Nice hotel - very friendly staff. They have great breakfast options which were included in the price as well as internet and cable. Happy hour on food only, but you can bring a beer out by the pool. The room was clean and shower pressure good, but I thought the bed hard and the sheets a little rough.
5	This hotel reminded me of why I am a faithful Hilton Honors member. Everyone was pleasant, great rate, great room, solid breakfast. Free shuttle to and from airport. Will definitely stay here again when in Phoenix for business.
4	Very nice and clean hotel located near the airport.  Rooms were fresh and spotless.  Nice entrance.  Has a full bar on lobby level and a limited menu restaurant.  Staff was friendly and helpful. Free shuttle from the airport.  Takes about 10 min. Room had great glass shower, large screen TV with free HBO. Recommended for sure!
4	It's late early March and there's no rooms available at the resorts in scottsdale. Since hubby is here for work, he choose this one.Overall, it's decent. Staff is friendly. Now for $200, I don't know. Since his company is paying, I'm not complaining. But if I were paying, that's a lot of money for a basic place.If you're here for work, this is a 4 star place. If you're here for pleasure, this is a 3 star to me.Note, don't come to this area during high season.
4	If you need to stay near the Phoenix Airport, this is an excellent choice. The rooms are big, clean, and comfortable. The wifi is free and works well. The staff is good. The only problem is there are no shops or places to eat around it. If you have a car, no problem at all. Free airport shuttle is nice also.
4	My brother-in-law and his wife visited us here in Arizona last week and they stayed at this hotel....which turned out to be perfect since it was right across the street from where he was taking his military training class. Very clean hotel...spacious rooms....flat screen tv.....fridge....microwave....great shower....I really liked how neat and clean the bathroom was. The hotel lobby was massive and I heard the complimentary breakfast was fantastic. The dining area is also massive...and I don't believe you even have to be staying there to enjoy the great breakfast....but remember it's not free if your not staying there...LOL. Very nice gym room....outdoor pool....and business center put the finishing touches on a great hotel in a very centrally located area to downtown phoenix and parts of Scottsdale. So if you ever fly into Sky Harbor airport here in Phoenix...and you need nice clean affordable accommodations then give the Hilton Garden Inn a try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
4	This is now my favorite hotel for my trips to Phoenix.Every time that I've checked in, I've been offered 2 bottles of water.  Not sure if this is due to my corporate rate, which also includes breakfast.  It could also be my Hilton Honors membership.  Check in has always been fast and easy, even at 12:45am, when the security guard had to let me through the interior set of glass doors.Rooms are nicely lit and freshly decorated.  White linens let you know how clean they are.  The showers have glass doors, which isn't my favorite, but again, it lets you know how clean they are.  The provided toiletries are Neutrogena brand.  The rooms all have a mini-fridge, coffee maker, and small microwave.  The TV has 50+ channels, including HBO.  The rooms have wireless and wired connections.  I consider that a plus because wireless is often unreliable in hotels of this size, with signal strength varying greatly between rooms.Plenty of good amenities:The fitness center has several tread mills and stationary bikes as well as some free weights and some weighted balls.  There's a pool and hot tub out front.The business center has a couple of computers and a fax/scanner/printer.There's a pantry with microwavable items and ice cream. The breakfast is extensive - eggs any way that you'd like, french toast, waffles, fruit, etc.As previously mentioned, there's a free shuttle to the airport. It runs every half hour, I believe, at least during peak times.#Yelp365 - 167/365
4	Hotel was very reasonable and clean.  Room was nicely decorated with flat screen tv, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and free wi-fi.  The hotel had a small pool and gym.  Beds were a bit on the hard side, but you could turn a knob on the mattress to make the it softer.  Even with that, the beds were kind of on the hard side.  Bedding was nice.  Best hot continental breakfast I've ever had at a hotel.  They offered home made cookies in the lobby every day.  They were delicious!  Service was great, as was the free shuttle to and from the airport.  I would recommend this hotel for business people, or people who are staying for more than a couple of days.  Only 4 miles from downtown and convention center and 5 minutes away from the airport.
4	The staff is very friendly, the rooms are fairly large by most hotel standards. If you are a member of Hilton's reward program you should receive vouchers for complimentary breakfasts (depending on how many people are staying in your room). The breakfast buffet is actually quit goodThe workout room is available 24 hours a day, which comes in handy of your work schedule is less than normal. While I normally stay at another hotel brand, I highly recommend Hilton brand hotels, this hotel in particular.
4	The location was perfect for our recent family wedding. We enjoyed the shuttle service that kept us all safe after the reception. The breakfast was really good with lots of choices of cooked to order entrees. The staff was friendly and we loved those fresh baked cookies.
4	Stayed here for a couple days on while visiting family. the rooms and decor are nice, the gym is acceptable for a hotel gym. they have a bar and restaurant in the hotel that are pricey, but serve decent food and drinks. all in all, you wont be disappointed staying the night here.
5	I didn't actually stay here but I spent a lot of time there one morning when I had an accident right in front. The early morning security guard was a great help and the valet even came to check on me when it took forever to be helped and offered me some water. If everyone who works there is that nice,  I will make sure to recommend it to all my out of town guests.
4	Very good customer service, nice and clean.4/5 because you can always spend tons more, and get more, but, this is a very nice spot to crash!
4	A nice newly renovated hotel and a super cheap rate.  I live all the Hilton products, but the Garden Inn's are the best.
4	Great hotel!  Excellent service during my 5 day stay.  For the price, the rooms were very nice, clean and well appointed.  Free wi-fi(although very slow).  They do have a decent breakfast but it's not free.  It's in a sketchy area but if you need to be near the airport this is the place I would recommend.  Just don't go for a midnight stroll through the neighborhood.
5	After five days on vacation, we had an early flight out on Monday morning. We had a rental car so we wanted to return it the night before our flight, making a stay near the airport pretty essential. From the start, our experience with the Phoenix Hilton Garden Inn was fabulous. We got our AAA discount and enjoyed every aspect of our time at the Hilton, from the warm cookie greeting and complimentary bottled water when we chacked in to the amenities on the grounds and the use of the shuttle to the airport two times (one to return the rental car and one to get us to the airport early Monday morning.) The staff was exceptional our room warm, clean and inviting and the beds were some of the most comfortable we have stayed in at any hotel ever). We agree with the majority on this hotel, it is the closest and quietest near the airport and a great place to spring into business or pleasure travel from PHX.
5	I was greeted at the desk by a very pleasant and accommodating man. Check in was quick and efficient.  This hotel is extremely clean. The king sized bed in my room was very comfortable. The linens were crisp and fresh. The room had a lovely scent when I entered. The bathroom is large and nicely decorated.  For the $99 I paid using AAA discount, it is a great value.
2	I don't always travel for work, but when I do, I stay at Hilton properties.  I feel safer staying with a super-chain hotel because I know what I'm going to get... usually.As far as the hotel itself goes, it's very nice.  The rooms are nice and spacious, eco lighting, wifi in room, nice beds, heavenly pillows, push-button climate control, and glass shower doors.  The property seems to be relatively updated with nice flat screen TVs, granite everything, and a full service restaurant.  Two gripes:  The hotel staff was not very attentive.  Several time during my stay, I needed to speak with the concierge, but I wasn't able to find anyone manning the desk.  Also, the hotel is in a very less-than-reputable area of town, and by that I mean fully nude strip clubs.  Despite any of my personal feelings towards strip clubs, i felt unsafe because of the draw of clientele to the strip clubs paired with the inattentive nature of the hotel employees.  Even though the hotel is lovely and it's a decent price, I won't be staying here again.  My safety comes first.
3	An older hotel but completely remodeled and very nice inside.  Standard Hilton rooms with luxurious bedding, a microwave and mini-fridge, and flat screen tele.The towels were tiny!  What gives?  I don't remember any Hilton's having using the Motel 6 towels.  Maybe it's time to go on a diet?No tub in my room.  Shower only which is just fine by me!Small flat screen but good enough.  It felt particularly small when trying to watch it from the bed.Standard under-the-window heating and air conditioning with the desk placed just in front of it so you're either cold or hot when working.  Why can't they change this design?Close to the airport.  I mean CLOSE!  However, due to Sky Harbor being laid out like a beached whale, it could still take 20 minutes to be dropped off depending on your terminal and how many people are with you in the Van.Tip the driver!  They don't make that much money!Bar/Restaurant inside the hotel is very nice since there's not much within walking distance.You could do worse than this place.
3	Lets see, I stayed here Thurs-Sun and paid $71 per night with AAA discount which was fair.  Hotel grounds were clean and well kept. Plenty of free parking which felt safe. I'm not a pool person but the pool looked wack, very small and its right next to the main entrance which seems weird. All the elevators were working and were not a problem. Back door which was supposed to be key card locked wasn't. Door was wide open all weekend but didn't notice any security issues. Only two computers at front desk which can cause a jam if you come at the wrong time or as I encountered, two d-bag businessman who were trying to muscle into a sold out hotel holding up everything. My room was clean and comfortable. Toilet didn't flush, called front desk and it was fixed in 20 minutes. Wi-fi was slow as other reviewers have stated. Had to watch youtube videos in 240p (which sucks) to avoid constant freezes. Web surfing was fine. Didn't try the breakfast. Light-rail is a 5-7 minute walk through the communty college parking lot across the street. Now, I wouldn't recommend anyone doing this walk alone or in a group of people not prepared to fight for your life. There were some very tweeked out, mentally disturbed weirdoes pacing about Van Buren not to mention the burned out prostitutes trolling about the fleabag hotels down the block. If you really wanted to walk out, I'd suggest after 10am and before dark. The weirdoes only seemed to be out after dark and very early. If you're driving in that area, keep your doors locked becuase there are some seriously disturbed people walking around. I was at a gas station near I believe 28th street and a guy was mindlessly walking toward my car door as I got in. I had to step out and threaten the dude (I'm a large scary looking black dude) wihch woke him up and he went to bother another person. Fortunately, these weirdos stayed a block or so away from the hotel, like it had a weirdo forcefield. Anyway, if you have a car, are staying for a night, and/or are mindful of your surroundings and don't mind shitty wi-fi, this hotel is a bargain. Close to dowtown and Mill Street in Tempe. Quality strip club 2 blocks away if that's how you get down. The HGI near Central and Indian School is better and safer (easier/safer walk to light-rail) in my opinion. Check there before settling on this hotel.
1	After a fantastic trip around Arizona, staying in excellent budget and independent motels, the last hotel I thought I would take issue with is a Hilton property. They got just about everything wrong. We arrived promptly at 3PM, to find out that our room wasn't ready. As per my HH profile, we were supposed to be on a high floor away from the elevator. As they scrambled to get a room ready, we were put on a low floor near the elevator. Strike one. We were on an early flight and I need to return our rental car the night before, in order to qualify for the weekly rate. I confirmed ahead of time that the Hilton provided a courtesy shuttle to AND from Sky Harbor. This was actually the 100% main reason that I booked at this property. When I called to arrange it, the ditz at the front desk provided poor instructions and so I ended up waiting outside for over a half hour - given my early flight time, this is time I would have liked to have been sleeping. When I tried to explain to the front desk ditz how to explain to people where to stand to get the shuttle, she gave me attitude and fobbed me off to a manager (have yet to receive a call back). Strike two. Worst of all, when I finally got up there for me 5 or so hours of sleep, the mattress was ROCK HARD. I mean, I prefer a firm mattress myself, but this was just ridiculous. It had no give and the headboard and frame creaked with every movement. Strike three. If you read my other reviews of Arizona properties, you'll see that I'm not a crank who just writes poor reviews. But this place deserved it. On first appearance, it seems like a very good property - but it seriously lacks where it counts. Instead of Conrad Hilton, this place reminded me more of Paris Hilton!
3	I stayed at this location for one night during my spring training trip. I arrived at 4pm, my room was ready, it was clean and nice. Bed was very comfortable and room was very quiet. I did get a very good nights rest. There is however not a whole lot of places to eat or ammenities close to this location so if you want to go out and sample some night life you had better have a car. Also, pool is kind of small and not very fancy. Other than that, the stay was good.
4	I stayed at this location for one night during my business trip to Phoenix. Airport shuttle was prompt and shuttle driver very nice. I arrived early in the day prior to my business meeting so I was very disappointed the pool was closed. That evening there was a manager's reception for in house business guests so that was a nice touch. I also got a follow up e-mail from the GM; nice touch.My meeting was outside the 3 mile shuttle service by .2 miles so I took a cab but the staff was very nice to arrange the cab for the next morning.My bed was very comfortable and room and public area was very clean. I would have given this hotel a higher rating but they hotel is not in a great location and there is only one restaurant close by if you use the hotel shuttle for the times their restaurant is closed. Would not stay again based on location however , gave them a four star based on customer service.
3	Stayed here just for a night when I was in town to see NIN at the US Airways Center. The price was super cheap and HGI's are my favorite brand of Hilton so it was a no brainer. Pros: shuttle to and from airport. A block away from public transit (the shuttle will take you/pick you up there if you ask.) Coupons for a free well drink if you're Diamond (I'm guessing Gold too but don't quote me). I didn't use it but it's a nice gesture.Cons: not much around the hotel so you need to have a car or be content with transit to get food, etc.)I'd definitely stay here again if I was in Phoenix for an event or if I was stuck in Phoenix due to a mishap at the airport.
5	Stayed one night.   Location is great - close to airport.  The hotel itself was very clean, neat & looked new.  The lobby offered complimentary coffee/tea and lemon water. The furniture in the lobby was new & comfortable.  All staff were friendly.  Room was nice.  Heating/cooling system was modern & worked perfectly.  Bed comfortable.  Microwave, mini-refrigerator & Keurig coffee maker - all clean & worked well.   Ate light appetizer dinner at hotel restaurant and food/service were good. The rating is based on this hotel class & not necessarily comparing it to a high end accommodation like Ritz-Carlton.   This hotel offers great amenities & over all good value for the traveler. I would stay here again when in the area.
3	I paid a lot of money for this place ($230 with taxes, I believe) but the reviews were favorable and after a horrible experience staying at the Best Western Airport Inn, I was willing to do it. When I checked in, I was pretty sure my room was supposed to include breakfast for me and my kids; however, the clerk said it did not. I went back and checked my reservation and I couldn't find it on there, so I guess he was right, but that kind of stunk, considering how much we were paying.The room was nice. The AC was louder than it should've been. I mean, come on--why can't they make these things quieter? That's my main gripe with the place. Paying $230 for one night in a room that doesn't even include a continental breakfast and the AC is noisy really sucks. LUCKILY, I turned it off and we didn't bake all night. In fact, the room held its temperature quite well. So, at least we slept well.The beds were comfy, the room was clean, the bathroom was clean, and the place was QUIET. Definitely only business travelers there.So, I took off 1.5 stars for the noisy AC and 0.5 star for not including breakfast, considering the price. Oh yeah, it's also in a sort of sketchy area.I'd consider staying here again, despite my mostly minor complaints, though there have got to be better options.
5	I accidentally booked this hotel when my conference was actually at Hilton Phoenix Airport, and I'm so glad I did. The HGI is much more modern and comfortable than the Hilton Airport. Everything just looks fresher. HGI wasn't your typical depressing airport hotel. The hotel staff was all friendly and accommodating. There was an in room Keurig, fridge and microwave. The Keurig pretty much made it for me. The room was large and comfortable and easy to work in. The wifi was free and worked well enough.  I received a free made to order hot breakfast voucher, and it was actually pretty tasty. The bed was ROCK hard but I actually slept pretty well so I shouldn't complain. Some reviews mentioned the sketchy area but I didn't notice anything, or feel unsafe as a single traveler. Crudo is an amazing restaurant only 3 miles away.I try to stay at Hilton properties when traveling for work, but this was my first time  at a hilton garden inn and now I'm a total convert.
2	The location is the only good thing this hotel has going for it. I have stayed here 2 times.The room was very clean, as it should be, and the staff were very good.I give it 2 stars because the AC unit is so loud you cant here yourself think or even sleep. This happened both times I stayed there. If you like restaurants to walk to and eat do not go here, there is almost nothing around the area.
5	I travel often for work and I find that I always ask for the Hilton Garden Inn chain. It's affordable, clean, free amenities, and great service. I took a few photos but I didn't check them so quality isn't great but uploaded them anyway. The shower was clean, no stains, and no smells in room. The bed was the best part as it was a sleep number and I could change up the firmness or softness on either side of my King size bed. The carpet was clean. I always check for bed bugs and there weren't any signs of it (you should always check; Google or YouTube on how). The sheets were clean and soft. There weren't any glassware, just disposable cups individually wrapped in plastic to prove sanitary. Front desk was awesome. Business office was clean and only available to those with a room key. There's a fitness room with an outside pool (nothing extravagant but still nice that they offer one). I love that there's free WiFi for the 24 hrs after signing in. There's a restaurant and bar/lounge. Room service is available until 10pm I believe.  I WOULD RECOMMEND this place especially for the affordability.  The room may not be as big as say the Embassy Suites but I've liked the cleanliness of the Hilton Garden rooms better than some of the bigger hotel chains. Don't forget to sign up for the Hilton honors program, too.
3	Usually stay at this hotel (it is fine) when traveling as parking is free to guest the night before or night after.  However yesterday had to wait over 20 minutes for the shuttle in 108 temperatures.  Then driver made a non -Hilton stop to pick up 4 women at a business park, then to hotel and our car. Not the experience you want when trying to get home after a long flight.
2	Went for spring training with 3 guys to one room. They said a cot was not allowed because of a fire regulation. One guy on the floor as a result. Way overpriced rooms and bar with weakly poured drinks. Only thing good about this hotel was the location.
2	I've had nothing short of a nightmarish time dealing with this hotel, so much so that it prompted me to create a Yelp account to review it. I stayed at the hotel in early June of 2014 due to an overbooked US Airways flight from Phoenix to San Francisco. I was given a voucher to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn free of charge. My stay was pleasant enough (the only reason why I think the hotel deserves 2 stars) - the rooms were nice and the breakfast was acceptable. When checking out, I was assured multiple times that my card would not be charged for the room because the voucher explicitly stated US Airways would be billed directly. About 3 weeks later, I see that, of course, I'd been billed for a night's stay at the hotel. I promptly called customer service, who couldn't even find my name/reservation and insisted that I provide my reservation # and receipt (neither of which I saved, since I didn't think there would be a need to save it for almost a month). They couldn't find my name in the database for 30 minutes and, after being transferred to another less inadequate rep, was told the charge was done in error and would be reversed. It was reversed a week later, but then sure enough, 3 days after that I was charged for the hotel again. I then called customer service a second time and spent about 30 minutes convincing the rep to reverse the charge. They assured me that yes, I should not have been liable and they didn't know why I was charged again. They said I would be refunded again within 3 days. 12 days later, I had yet to receive a refund and I emailed customer service to follow up for a THIRD TIME, fully explaining the situation. A few days later I receive an email from customer service saying that the hotel in question refuses to reverse the charges (despite the fact that the hotel itself ASSURED me I would not have to pay). They didn't give any explanation for why they wouldn't reverse the charges. The email provided me with the phone number of the general manager, Ken Hammac, saying to contact him with questions. I called him a few days afterward in mid-August and left him a voicemail explaining the situation, asking him to call me back. A month later, I had heard nothing from him. I called him for a second time last Tuesday (it's now Sunday) to follow up and have still heard nothing from him (ironically, his voicemail says "we speak success" - as much as I want to believe him, I must beg to differ). The fact that I've had to reach out FIVE times over the course of 3.5 months to be refunded for a hotel I never should have had to pay for is absolutely unacceptable. I would go as far as to say this is the worst customer service experience I've ever had in my life. I have never been so disappointed with a hotel and will do everything in my power to avoid staying at Hiltons in the future. If you represent the hotel and have any questions, please reach out to me and I would be happy to discuss. -Adam
5	I stayed here overnight as my layover traveling to Hawaii. They picked me up from the aiport and shuttled me back in the morning. The staff was always pleasant and professional from the driver to room service. BUT THEN I got to the airport and realized I forgot my iPhone charger. I called them and they looked in the room while I waited on the line. When the staff came back she told me I also forgot one of my bags!!! They brought everything to me at the airport IN TIME FOR MY FLIGHT!!!! amazing I've never ever been so impressed by a hotel!! THANK YOU doesn't even begin to convey my gratitude!
1	In reading some reviews of this establishment... I truly feel that I am NOT alone.... I recently had a stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on 12/31/2014 for two nights. When we arrived, my husband and my two children in tow, we turned our heater on and it worked fine. We went to dinner for an hour and came back to a cold room. Our heater didnt turn back on and maintenance didnt know what to do. The Front Desk person was very rude and didn't understand our situation with having a cold room and two children who were not feeling too well. They tried to move us to another room and those rooms only reached 69 degrees like the other room. We decided to stay since the front desk told us they would refund our stay and gave us two free breakfast coupons to use during our stay, since their door keys read "If you are not satisfied, your stay is on us!!" Well, that was no exactly how we were treated. The next day, we were visited by Maintenance and the guy was genuinely concerned about our heater. He tried to assist us and even reset the boiler as we had no HOT water too!!!! We had our free breakfast and then went about our business for the day. Arriving back to the room, it was cold once again. We called the front desk and told the same person, Geovana, that our heater was acting up and asked for more blankets and also for a maintenance tech to stop by. The same guy from this morning came and said he would look into it. We got our blanket and went to bed. The next morning, same thing again. The same tech came and gave us a free coupon for breakfast and said he was extremely sorry that we were having problems with our heating unit. After having breakfast, the Maintenance tech saw us and said he had to call a specialist in to look at the issue. We talked with them briefly and parted ways. Now several days passed and Geovana has no recollection of EVER promising our full refund back. Although we did speak to her both nights and even asked for blankets from HER both nights. Go figure. I called today (Wednesday) and the Front Desk would not supply me with the name of the kind maintenance tech who was so helpful and said its against company policy. They advised me to speak with Damica Brock and I've left several messages with her and not one call back. If you're going to advertise your establishment as "satisfied or your stay is on us" then the proof is in your actions!!! You cant trust the Front Desk staff and surly not Geovana. I have yet to receive a full refund from this lousy establishment.
