4	Da-da-doughboys fresh!Oh, doughboys.  You always have me coming back for more.It's a great little pizza joint.  Lots of choices that it's very easy to find a pizza everyone can share.  Not to mention the all-star line up of employees they have there.  Everyone is so friendly!It's a great place for friends, family, whatever you got!  I highly reccommend it... even if it is in Waunakee...
4	One of our favorites.  The chicken bbq pizza is great as is the Hunter, which true to it's name is loaded with meat.  Service is friendly and fast.  With a bar area and a separate restaurant area it is great for those with and without kids.  Our only complaint is that they close kind of early and the lighting is too bright.  In a bar, I want to relax, not perform surgery.
4	It's a great, come as you are, family pizza place. The pizza is always consistant-we love the thin crust. By the time we get half way thru a tall glass of beer the pizza is ready. It's really loud with arcade games for kids and there are usually lots of them, seems to be a hot spot for after soccer, baseball games. It's worth the noise for a good pizza.
2	This is a review of the lunch buffet.First off, the pizza is great. So is the staff.  However , don't expect to get "all you can eat" at this buffet.  The lineup usually features a whopping 3 to 4 pizzas at a time on the buffet.  Each time I've been there, the pizzas are picked over.  When they finally put out a fresh pie on the line, watch out.  The lunch patrons attack it like sharks to a sinking cruise ship.  I'm serious.  I've had some burly dude shove me out of the way to get a fresh slice.  I can't blame them when fresh slices are rare at this buffet.  Top tip- Doughboy's needs to be more on the ball with the freshness and number of choices here.  Today's lunch buffet consisted of 2 slices of cold cheese, a fresh cheeseburger pizza (it seemed that nobody wanted) and some BBQ chicken pizza.  What about the usual standby's?  Pepperoni, supreme....????   There is a salad bar, usually featuring brown, wilted lettuce and a small variety of not so fresh vegetables and 1.5 croutons.  if you get a bread stick, consider your self lucky.  Maybe a trip to DeJope is in order.If you want good pizza, Doughboy's will fill the bill.  If you want to leave full, skip the lunch buffet and order a pie for yourself.  The all you can eat lunch buffet will set you back 9 bones, and you'll leave hungry and angry.  I'd go elsewhere for a buffet that has plenty of choices and a pile of food.
4	Great pizza. But too expensive. I usually like breaded pizza like deep dish, but this thin crust pizza ranks as some of the best I've ever had. I just wish it didn't cost an arm and a leg or I'd order more often
4	Excellent pizza and chicken wings.  Good service with reasonable prices.  Nice bar area with tables or family area.
1	Ordered a 14" pizza for delivery and got a smaller pizza that measured only 13" ... hmmmm - when i opened the box thought maybe they sent a 12" by mistake but apparently not.  Felt we didn't get what we ordered. Ate in the restaurant once and service was very slow and inattentive taking well over half an hour to get a medium pizza tho not particularly busy night. Salad bar was iceberg lettuce with a selection of raw pizza toppings.
4	I love their pizza.The crust is delish and the sauce rules.
4	I go here often for lunch because their buffet is outstanding for the price.  The pizza is good (some of the better pizza in the area), and for less than $10 you get all-you-can-eat and a drink.  Can't complain.That being said, the downside is that they bring out four large pizzas to their buffet at a time and don't replace them as often as they should unless it's really busy.  I've shown up before and had to pick my meal from the four that were under the lamps for my whole visit.  Occasionally, I've been there when it's busy and the pizza got completely decimated.  I ended up sitting around for 5 or 10 minutes until they bring out another and during a lunch buffet on a weekday, that's downright unacceptable.  I always bring a book when I come here.  You might need it.The service is great, though.  It's a really nice location and store.
2	A better local option than Pizza Hut to feed the kids, but not a culinary destination.I struggled a little with the star rating.  I ended up giving it two stars since the "Meh, I've experienced better" is a closer representation of my opinion than the three star "A-OK".  If my kids were rating the pizza, it probably be closer to a 3 star rating.   I primarily use Doughboys as a cost-effective option to feed the kids on those nights where I don't have the time to prepare a home cooked meal.  There are not multiple crust options to choose from when ordering.  On a 1 to 10 scale where 1 is crispy and 10 is bubble gum chewy, I'd give Doughboys a 6.  The crust does not detract from the pizza, but is nothing memorable either.Doughboys does offer a number of sauce options (marinara, alfredo, olive oil, ranch and BBQ).  The marinara sauce tastes like you standard out of the can red sauce - OK for the kids, but not destination dining.There are 22 different options for toppings.  The feta cheese option is appreciated and often utilized.  Topping quantities are adequate.  There are not any gourmet options for toppings, but the standards they offer are adequate for the kids.The appetizer menu offers 16 options, primarily the deep fried options you would see at your local drinking estabishment (fries, cheese curds, onion rings, jalapeno poppers).  The breadsticks are popular with the kids and are reasonably priced.I can not comment on the dinner menu (primarily chicken and fried shrimp options) since I have not ordered any of them.Service for my takeout orders has always been prompt and friendly.  For carryout orders, the food is always ready on time.In summary, I'm glad to have a locally owned pizza option to feed the kids.  It's kind of like the pizza version of McDonald's.  Not much in the way of creativity, but they offer a consistent product.  Until they step up their game, I'll continue to head into Madison (Greenbush Bar, Ian's) to get my pizza fix.
4	Good pizza and appetizers. No complaints about the food or service.Only complaint is that they are a bit pricey, and have been stingy on giving out coupons on top of the pizza boxes lately. Sorry guys, but the "buy 10 pizzas, get a 12 inch 2 topping free" slips are a lame coupon. I'm not going to bother dedicating a slip storage space somewhere in my house just for your business.If they had a decent deal like 2 14"pizzas for $20 or something, I'd order a lot more often. Right now a 20 inch with only a few toppings will set you back almost $30.
4	We love the Chicken, Bacon, Ranch. Chicken...good, Bacon...good, Ranch...good. The deal with buying an 18" and better and getting a free cheese pizza is also a big hit in our house. We had wings one night as an appetizer and they were so good, I asked where they were from...Brakebush.  That is a Wisconsin company that is well known for their quality products.  I think the wings are from the same place and they are goooood!The only reason I didn't give this place 5* is because of the arcade area.  There are at least two games that aren't even stocked. Get rid of them. It was also weird you couldn't retrieve a ball from the crane game. They would probably make more money if the kids could actually win the 5 cent ball that are in there.
5	I have been to Doughboy's a number of times over the last few years.  It's a great place to go with friends to have a drink and watch some of the game or to sit down and have a nice meal.  The layout works well with the bar and seating on one side and then the sit-down dining tables on the other side.Friendly service and awesome pizza.  Whoever is cooking those pizzas in the back is definitely putting in the effort to make sure everything that comes out of the kitchen is cooked to perfection.My favorite pizza is the Angry Rooster that comes with chicken, jalapenos, hot sauce, and ranch.  Definitely a solid combination.I would recommend this locally owned establishment to anyone!
3	Food was pretty good. However not a lot of options for the buffet. Service was just ok.
3	The service was not all that great. We got the buffet, which was pretty good just not a lot of options. The cinnamon sticks were delicious.
3	It's been awhile since we've been to Doughboys Pizza because of the service. The pizza is really good but the service we've had the last couple of times is lacking. Tonight is was two high school girls and a girl that must have been old enough to serve our beers. We saw no sign of a manager. The waitress took our order, served our pizza without a serving utensil, no eating utensils but we each got a plate. I asked for a spatula and then had to go to the salad bar for a fork. I noticed that she didn't serve a spatula or eating utensils to any of the tables she waited on. She never came back to ask how our food was until we were ready for the check, never offered water or acknowledged our existence. This restaurant and restrooms need a good cleaning and an update, it's been 5 years and nothing has changed. I would suggest they get busy and woo customers before Brews Brothers opens just across the street...
5	Great place to have a drink and go out with his friends. unexpensive, quiet, lots of TVs. It took about 20 minutes to get pizza but it was delicious!!!
