5	What a great place to go for Homebrew Supplies. The store is spotlessly clean, very well organized and well laid out. The staff there is very friendly and knowledgeable about homebrewing just about anything. Also you do not feel intimidated if you lack certain knowledge about the brewing process, because they are there to help. They have about everything you need for all your brewing needs, and at a very reasonable price. I will surly return to BYOB for my homebrew needs.
5	Moved here from California.  I was so sad to leave my LHBS but was pleasantly surprised with BYOB.  Helpful staff and solid inventory of ingredients.  Some of their prices are higher than other online retail shops but not by much.  For me, I don't mind throwing a couple bucks to a local business.
5	Needed supplies for a home brew and I work in Mesa. I thought I was going to have to drive all the way into Tempe and get stuff from "those other guys." I completely forgot about a small little store in a business park I remember seeing EVERY DAY when I drive to work (like an idiot). Much to my surprise, these guys were awesome. I may have been the only guy in the store but they gave me superb service, advice and showed me around a little bit. The store was very clean and organized, with almost everything in stock. I will continue to make this my only LHBS and recommend them to all.
5	This is my first (liberally given) 5-star rating. A clean, organized, stocked store. The crew will help you choose any style they have capacity to brew, and if they are out of a pre-made kit, they will assemble it in a hurry. Sure, you can mill your own grains but having Jacob do it while I wait is satisfactory, in the sense that I know they are willing to help without hesitation. *unlike service i have gotten from the 'other' place.they have a little basket of toys so the kids are kept occupied while i shop. a nice touch, and if you have toddlers you'll "get it". this store is worthy of a visit, even if you live in Tempe. a gem, i'll be returning here time and again. - mike s.
5	I stumbled upon this place by accident one day while running errands, and I'm damn glad that I did.  Not only is it a closer homebrew store than that outfit in Tempe, but it's far and away a better store.  It's very open and clean, and they've got all the supplies and equipment that you'll ever need.  The staff is great, offering up great advice and even putting on brewing classes from time to time.  Their grain room is something to behold as well.
5	Great customer service, great selection for my beer brewing needs, and reasonable prices. I am so happy to have this place within a few miles of my house. Everyone I've dealt with has been incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, and not snobbish or pretentious. The place is also clean and well organized. My brewing activity has increased since finding this place because it's such a pleasure to go get supplies.You might be able to get slightly better prices by shopping online, but then you're dealing with shipping and waiting and worrying about heat in transit... And there's less opportunity to learn something new or ask questions about the product you're buying. Besides, supporting the local economy trumps a few percentage points in overall savings.
1	Was sold a vacuum sealed bag of grains in a brew kit chock full of insects. When I called ( admittedly 3 months later) the owner said it was my fault I had not used the grains soon enough because the insect eggs were already in the grains. Really??    I didn't argue because I had waited, but when I asked him over he phone if he would prepare me another bag as I was driving down to the store,  he gave me a long sarcastic sigh and told me I would have to wait because he couldn't  drop everything and deal with my problem!When I got the store 5 minutes later, no customers were there and the owner wouldn't show his coward face. One of the more helpful employees mix up my bag and I paid him and that is the last money they will ever get out of me.
4	Got a message from management after they read this review and they expressed their regret that this had happened. Assurances were given that this was not normal conduct. They did offer to give a gift certificate that was good at any three locations.I declined the gift certificate but i think now they do care about customer service overall and everyone deserves a second chance. I'm gonna give these guys another chance for sure.
5	Once you to to all grain brewing, this is the store where you need to go as they have a walk in grain room and you can taste the grain you are using in your all-grain brewing. In addition, the staff is extremely courteous and helpful. I've received some great tips from them on improving my brewing. Just a first class operation!
5	I started making mead a couple of years ago, and the staff here was very helpful and answered questions. My favorite thing about this place is that it is one of the only brew stores that hasn't treated me like I were a lost child. I just love this place.
5	Took their free class. Really helped to get us started brewing. Now we're on our third batch in and the staff has been nothing but helpful. Their kits make it easy to get started as well. Go try it out!
