4	Nothing does pregnancy hunger well like happy hour appetizers at a barbeque joint.We started with an order of nachos sans jalapenos. We also got everything but the cheese and shredded chicken on the side [thanks, picky friend] but it honestly gave me an opportunity to taste the toppings one by one. The guacamole, they nailed it. The 'cowboy caviar' [black beans and a mild salsa mix] was different, but refreshing. The nachos also were huge, as a proper appetizer [not something to fill you up, but satiated] can feed 3. Next we ordered the rib bones [4 ribs in a bowl]. Not my thing, I like big meaty ribs and I knew these were just a scrawny taster, but I wasn't a fan of the marinade either. Pretty fatty, I ended up with half the meat sitting on my plate because I don't like really fatty meat in general. But that's ribs, you know?We also had a half order of steak fries. They are served up deep fried with a sweet and spicy jam on the side. I loved these. Real greasy, real freaking good. The steak was way tender.The unanimous favorite were the sliders. We got 3, all pork. Pour a little of the barbeque sauce sitting on the table on those bad boys and you'll surely be in heaven. Melt-in-your-mouth tender, juicy shredded pork between a toasted buttered bun. I could eat three more orders easily.I tried the peach cobbler [which was actually a crisp], fantastic. Juicy peaches and cinnamon under a crumbly sweet topping. YES! Hit the spot.Service was nice, and I think that goes for the whole place. We had servers from different tables stopping by to clear our empty plates often and if there was a lag in beverage refills, there was a swift apology made with the refill in hand. I saw the table next to us didn't get their nachos right, and their server was super sweet and nice about it and corrected the problem quickly. I was satisfied.Based on my iced tea and appetizers, fantastic. I'll try a real meal there sometime before I leave, and then we can maybe talk about 5 stars.
2	This has to be one of the funniest named restaurants ever. Besides that, meh. I was confused by the decor. They left it the way the previous restaurant had it, so it's modern, and then picnic tablecloths on the tables??The food was ok-I had the half chicken. Nothing terribly exciting but good.You get this huge chunk of corn bread (with real corn kernels visible), which was good too.We waited a good 20 minutes before our food came out; not sure if that's standard wait time for a BBQ place.it was ok-don't know if I'd go back.
4	My picks:Coca Cola Taquitos (try the local habanero jelly)Mole SlidersSweet Potato FriesOld Fashion Cookie SundaesThis place is not fancy but the food is fabulous.  It's a great place to go before heading to the movies at Desert Ridge.  Plus it is group & kid friendly.  Save room for the old fashion cookie sundaes.  The cookies are served warm with vanilla bean ice cream.  Unbelievable.
4	JD and I stooped by during happy hour before a movie and gave this place a try. All but one of the apps are half price during happy hour (ahi skewers are still full price) and we went with the nacho's and an order of sliders. With both we had our choice of meat. On the nacho's we went with chicken and the sliders (three per order) we ordered one pork and two jalepeno sausage. JD liked the jap sasuage but I thought it was pretty gaggy. The pork was good though, with their bbq sauce.The nacho's were pretty amazing. First of all they are HUGE, have alot of meat, cheese, jalepeno's and onions. The are served with a side of salsa, sour cream, guac and black bean dip. We asked for more salsa because we are fiends and our awesome waiter brought us a soup cup full! It was perfect. Looking around at other tables I made a vow to myself to return for a sandwich and mashed potatoes. An open-faced beauty on one person's plate is still stuck in my head four days later. I'm glad we finally got a bbq place in this area. I can't wait to come back!
4	Ive eaten at this location a couple times and I really enjoy the BBQ.  I like the crowd, cold beer brisket and ribs are my favorite.  Prices are great for happy hour.
1	The P.I.G. does not stand for the cute little animal that some love to eat. It stands for Pukey. Icky. Gross. How can a place that smells so good have food that tastes so bad? We walked in and looked at the menu before being seated. The food was overpriced but the restaurant smelled good and lets face it...rent in Desert Ridge is not cheap. This place offers all kinds of bbq (brisket, pork, chicken, salmon). The the bbq comes without sauce (including the ribs). The sauce is on the table. It made the food easier to swallow but was just average sauce. The only saving grace to my meal were the sweet potato fries. However, I think it is important to note, as bad as the food was....the service was EXCELLENT. Sad to say but this will be another Desert Ridge restaurant that won't last.
1	Hey!!! Let's have a ton of fat with a tiny bit of rib meat for dinner!Sorry this place won't last long. I wasn't expecting too much since it seemed ordinary but - wish I would have looked it up on YELP before I ventured over. It was just a stupid mistake after a quick trip to the nearby Target. I really don't know what to say cause at heart, I'm a nice person who likes to give people the benefit of doubt. But really, I have NOTHING nice to say about this place. I would give it zero stars if I could. Yeah, it's that bad.Sat at the outdoor bar area to order takeout, no water misters in over 103 degree weather?? Okay fine I can deal with that.... Then it was just downhill from there. Tried to order my food, let's just say I don't even want to bother describing that ordeal. Finally got my bill, the waitress had of course put in the wrong order, but it was about the size of the rib order and type of side so I was over it cause I knew it would take too long to fix and hey, it's a 'pig' restaurant, a few more ribs won't hurt; the boys will eat them! Yea right, they ate one and were done. This is where this review will end, very very shortly. The ribs, the salad, the fries, the sides, the 'tacos', were all so horrible. Horrible.
3	While I enjoyed the restaurant and the service, when I compare the food to my high BBQ standards, I can't give it more than 3 stars...maybe 3.5 for the happy hour prices. I ordered the sliders so that I could try more than one kind of meat. I opted for the brisket, pork and chicken. They all tasted like they were precooked and kept moist in steamers or steamed after smoking to help with the shredding process. . They all had a slightly watery flavor. The house sauce provided at the table was just ok. I requested sides of their spicy sauce, and their mustard sauce. Individually I have to say I really was impressed by the mustard sauce. The spicy was too hot for my tastes. When I mixed a little of the house sauce, with the mustard sauce and a touch of the spicy sauce, I had something I was really enjoying to make the sliders pop. The house coleslaw is good and the side was enough for at least 2 to share. On my way out I ordered some peach cobbler to go. Quality! I enjoyed the topping. Left over cobbler tasted just as good in the morning for breakfast.
2	Menu looked promising. Ribs had good smoke ring,but were dry, not what I was hoping for. Chicken had interesting spice combo, hard yo eat. Baked beans were good. A bit pricy for the portions served. Probably would rate this place as a one & done.
2	Was really looking forward to trying this new BBQ location but sadly so disappointed as the location is awesome and the name is quite creative.  If the food was good (didn't even have to be great) we would probably go 2x/month but most likely won't go back again as there are many other better BBQ places to go instead.We tried the 3 meat platter to get some variety with chicken, pork and brisket. It was ok just nothing special. Chicken was really dry but covered with BBQ sauce it was better.  My wife got the salad with salmon and salmon was quite bad (way too fishy tasting than salmon should be) so definitely recommend to not order.  I guess we should have known to not order fish at a BBQ place.The baked beans were really good so definitely get that if you want to try P.I.G. out and the service was good so giving it a 2 star instead of a 1 as its really hard for me to write such a negative review. I might give it another try in a few months and hopefully can write a more positive review.
2	It wasn't the worst... but my search for good BBQ in Phoenix continues.  Ordered the Sammies w/ pulled chicken.  Blah.  Nothing comes with sauce and I had to literally use 1/2 of the bottle of BBQ sauce that was on the table to get it down.  The bottom bun was soggy.... not soaked from BBQ sauce (because everything is served dry here) but the chicken was so soaking wet that the bottom bun was disgusting.  I got hush puppies as my side.... so dry they were hard to swallow even in little bits.My husband ordered the brisket.  They served him pulled pork.  He didn't realize that they gave him the wrong order until I pointed out to him that his brisket looked funky and he had already started eating it.  It didn't even look like pulled pork... looked more like bad ground beef.  His got macaroni and cheese and sweet potato fries as his sides.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and was watery.... the sweet potato fries were dry and underseasoned.This was the first and last trip that we will be making here.
2	Went here for dinner, there were only about 6 other people in there on a Monday night. Even with 2 servers for 6 people the service was absolutely horrible. We almost walked out after not getting service for about 10 minutes.  The food itself is decent BBQ. Not great but entirely edible.  I enjoyed the blue cheese cole slaw.  When my dinner arrived the waiter said that they gave me the wrong type of sausage, they left the one they gave me and followed it with what I ordered later which was nice.  The ribs come dry, not wet but they will make them that way for you if you want.  With a crowd like this I don't know how much longer they can stay open.
3	I enjoyed the food. The  smokey smell in the restaurant was nice and made it feel like they actually smoked their meats. I would go back and enjoy their food again. I think their are a lot of "OK" BBQ places around. I have not been wowed yet. Still looking though. Notorious PIG is a great name and a good place for BBQ.
2	There were a couple of non-food things that bothered me about this place. The first thing that bothered me was that it felt like the place was unfinished. It was halfway between a well put together chain restaurant and a hole in the wall. As a result you just felt like the owners didn't know what they were doing. The wait staff was ok, but they seemed really flustered like they didn't quite no what they were doing. We had to ask three times for the Texas toast that was supposed to come with our meal. And finally the presentation of the food was terrible. Now that's not something that would normally bother me, but everything was thrown on a plate in a way that wasn't very appetizing. None of the above would matter if the food had been outstanding. It wasn't...at all. About the only thing that was notable were the ribs. They had a really powerful smoky flavor that I enjoy. However, that being said it was almost too much because it left me with a bit of a smoky after taste. The Mac and cheese was rich, but not very flavorful. The beans were ok, but once again not much flavor. And the potato salad, as you might guess didn't have any flavor, it was potatoes, in mayo with some celery. I probably won't go back to this place, while the food wasn't terrible; it was far from good. They basically need to work on their recipes and hire an experienced restaurant manager.
4	As I approached Notorious P.I.G., I was greeted by a large door that was not fully closed. I walked in, welcomed the savory barbeque aroma, and headed to the bar. I was greeted promptly by a young, female bartender, who poured my pint of Kilt Lifter with a perfect head. As I enjoyed my beer, I noticed the ample amount of televisions around the restaurant. All the TV's were set to sports, and I was lucky enough to have the MLB network on at the bar. After I sat down, I thought I had shrunk, but realized quickly that the bar was just built a little high. I'm almost 6 feet tall, but the bar was right up to my chest, and if I was eating, I probably would have been almost eye level with my food.Although I was there in the early evening and facing west, I was able to see, in front of their large window, the wide variety of spirits that Notorious PIG served. I was caught off guard to see really high end spirits, such as Crown Royal Black, Crown Royal XR, Gentleman's Jack, and Jack Daniel's Single Barrel, as well as a wide variety of wines.Overall, I think this could be a really good happy hour place with a bunch of buddies. The restaurant gives off a good atmosphere, and it is not as crowded, or expensive, as other places in desert ridge. If you are looking for a laid back bar, check this place out!I did not eat here, but did see that the meals were a great portion. If the food smelled as good as it tasted, then it must be delicious! -------Beers on tap-----Shiner BockPickled Pig Honey BrownKilt LifterSam Adams Boston LagerBlue MoonXXMiller LiteBud LightDecadent Imperial IPA-------Happy hour--- 2pm-7pm dailyWell drinks $3PBR cans- $1Domestic bottles- $3Domestic drafts- $2.50House wines- $3Appetizers- $4 (nachos, street tacos, taquitos, rib tips, sliders, wood fired cheese dip, rib bones)Try this place out!
3	I can't really say I have had better, as I don't really seek out BBQ establishments. However, I ended up at the Notorious PIG with the rents last weekend, they love them some BBQ. They also had a great coupon for the place from the Desert Ridge Back-to-school flyer they received in the mail; Buy one entree get the second free. Pretty sweet right? They also had happy hour going on, and it was Saturday, love it! I am not completely positive of the hh specials, but I do know that my PBR was only a buck, can you beat that? Nope. Did I enjoy it? Yup! Then it was ordering time... we ordered the Half BBQ Chicken plate with hush puppies and coleslaw, the BBQ brisket and pulled pork plate with baked beans and sweet potato fries and dad got hot wings that are smoked then grilled. So... the chicken and pork were great, the fries and beans were good, the hush puppies needed some kinda ayoli or ramuloude to dip in, and the slaw had just the right kick that I would love to try again. The brisket was blah, no flavor and kinda dry. I always think it is kinda hard to screw up hot wings, but smoking them pretty much screwed them up. Not a fan of the wings. Over all half of what we ordered was worth trying again. Best part - PBR on the patio watching the rain come in. :-)
1	This place has potential but unfortunately misses the mark by a wide margin. They have all the equipment and food to do great BBQ and sides but somehow fall short time after time. We've eaten BBQ from coast to coast and quite a bit in the south so we've got "some" idea what BBQ is supposed to be. We've been here on a couple occasions and both times the brisket tasted like pot roast and overdone, the pork was overdone/mushy and tasteless. Then we move to the sides, the ranch beans should stay at the ranch since I'd bet they only taste good if you've got a mouth full of trail dust after a hard day of riding. The slaw is good but only if you add some of their vinegar sauce to it. We stopped in on a night wherre they had fresh corn which we got. I can't believe they could destroy fresh corn like that but they did by boiling the heck out of it. Had they just smoked/grilled it it would have been fantastic!  What a waste..... The ribs..... well they're ribs and that's about all I can and will say about them. What many may not know about real BBQ is it should be able to stand on it's own flavor wise, sauce is supposed to be an accompaniment not the only flavor. The best part of what we got was either the Steak Fingers or the bun the pork came on which is truly sad for what they charge. There's better BBQ to be had around AZ that's for certain and at this point would drive all the way to Anthem to the new bbq place before hitting here again. I guess if you're used to McRibs or it's free this place is wonderful but if you're paying I wouldn't waste the $$ until the owners get a clue. Maybe someone who knows good BBQ to advise 'em?
2	I'm a big fan of barbeque and was excited to have a place closer to home.   We (wife and two kids - ages 16 and 13) went around 6pm on a Friday.  We were seated right away but sat a good 5-7 minutes or so before anyone even came over.   We gave our drink order and ordered an appetizer.   Drinks were slow in coming.  Rib tip appetizer was good but no plates provided.    Server didn't tell us anything about the place or if there were other sauces, etc.  just took our order.   He was friendly enough but not very efficient.  The food was ok once you added a lot of BBQ sauce to it.  It was dry and not too tasty on its own.  My wife and I had the brisket, my kids each had 1/2 rack rib platter.   They were ok but nothing outstanding.  The sides were good - especially the sweet potato fries.   The Old World brew was outstanding  and was happy to see a local brewer getting some tap space.  Overall an average experience brought down by lacking service.   The quickest thing the server brought was the check.   Management needs to step it up to get any repeat business from  our family.
1	The food industry is tough and these guys didn't knock my socks off, infact, they didn't even snag or give them a gentle pull...food was bland and something was off...I'll give em about 4 months before they are out of business...go to bryan's bbq in cave creek if you want good bbq.
1	Avoid this place if you have any sense of what good barbecue tastes like. Tried the ribs last week, no flavor and very fatty.
1	On our date night, my wife and I decided to stop here for dinner before a movie at Desert Ridge. We were greeted right away (the place was pretty empty at 6pm on a Saturday) and seated at the back corner table. We had plenty of time to look at the menu, as our waitress seated a table two up from us, took their drink order, stopped by the table next to ours to check on them, looked at us, walked back to the front of the restaurant, then came back to see if we'd been helped. Uh, no. The person that seated us apparently hadn't told her we were seated - even though it was her section and she saw us when checking on the other customers. She did apologize, but I didn't buy it. There's a difference between trying to pass the buck and blame someone else vs. actually being sorry about letting you sit there.Ok, over that. Let's order. Couple beers, and a couple of signature sandwiches (pulled pork, with the blue cheese cole slaw not on the sandwich for one). For our sides, HQ (that's the wife) got the mac-n-cheese and I asked her choice between fries and mashed potatoes. Fries were good, she said. Done.Got the beers. I'd swear the beer was flat. Maybe an old keg. It happens. After that, the food came out quick. The pulled-pork sandwich had zero sauce. Literally just bun and pulled pork. Ok, we'll add our own from the bottle on the table (I'm thinking Honey Bears where it's got bbq sauce with the meat). The sandwich was average at best. No taste. The sauce, not being mixed with the meat, just had nothing to it. And the blue cheese cole slaw that was on the side, again, absolutely no taste. Bland. Now the fries. The menu said Russett Fries. I guess I'm picturing steak-like fries. Nope. Just plain ol' fies. And these were not actually cooked all the way. Not good.To summarize: flat beer, bland bbq sandwich, bland blue cheese cole slaw, and undercooked fries. Safe to say it's not a place we'll go to again.
1	On the way to this restaurant, my 8-year daughter had asked what "notorious" means. I explained that it means something along the lines of being famous for being bad. Little did I know, Notorious P.I.G. would definitely live up to its name. Never again.My boyfriend, daughter and I were excited to discover a BBQ joint near our house. My daughter got the sliders and mashed potatoes with gravy. The sliders (from the kid's menu) were inedible. I almost got annoyed at my daughter for being too picky...until I took a taste for myself. The brisket slider tasted horrible; it was like chewing on burnt rubber. The pork slider was way too spicy for a child. The mashed potatoes were watery.I ordered the pulled pork with a side of mashed and Texas Toast. Okay, so first of all, if I'm going to a restaurant, I expect the Texas Toast to taste better than those from the frozen food section in the supermarket. Uh, yeah...no. The "Texas Toast" from this restaurant is just regular toasted white bread with no taste. I had to put butter on it just so it would taste like something. The pulled pork was the most bland bbq pork I have ever had in my life. I left half of it on the plate, even in my hungry state. Very disappointing,One thing that was good was the cookie sundae. They made the cookie fresh. We all shared it and thought it was great. But maybe that was because we were starving from having left behind half of our dinners. Do NOT waste your time or money on this place. It is Notoriously B.A.D.
3	Darn. I was hoping to sling around a 1 or 2-star review. It's time for me to have something really, really bad to say. However, I can't. At least not about the P.I.G. After reading all the reviews, I was set to be disappointed. But we had a coupon and it's close, so we decided to suck it up. There comes a time when just getting out of the house and having a cocktail and food slung in front of you is worth a mediocre meal. I enjoyed Grilled Expedition when it was in the same space and I'm not sure there's much different other than the smoky flavor of the air the second you open the door. Fine by me. It was a cute place, and still is. Our waitress/hostess was great. She was helpful on the menu, quick with service and checked in just enough for us to feel well taken care of but not annoyed. I ordered The Texan, which is the brisket sammiched between two slices of Texas Toast. A side of sweet tater fries please. Honey got the half rack and beans and potato salad. I wasn't convinced he made good choices. Girls got corn dogs and fries and chicken strips...all the un-bbq fare offered to the wee ones. Food came just before things started to unravel for the three munchkins. It all LOOKED good, so there was promise. I slathered my brisket with bbq from the table, cut it in half and messily took a bite. Um, yum. Like, yeah! This is pretty good! Meat wasn't dry, wasn't fatty and the whole set up with the Texas toast was really pretty darn good. Sweet potato fries were great. No lie. Honey's ribs were really good too. He shared one with me and I was appreciative of the smoky flavor, lean cut and perfect crispness we respect with eating ribs. Beans were good. Potato salad, well, we aren't friends, so I just assumed since his little serving dish was empty, that it was good stuff. Girls did great on their meals, no complaints. I tried the chicken fingers and they were impressive in their white meaty, perfectly breadedness. Another bonus that they didn't skimp and offer the chopped-pressed-formed-rib meat nuggets. Overall, I think it was a solid meal. And being pleasantly surprised was such a bonus. I'm pretty sure I'll be craving this bbq one day soon.
2	I went to meet our new CM, Lindsey, a couple months ago.  I won't be going back.  I loved seeing fellow Yelpers, though!  The food was a solid "meh."
3	Went here as a starting point for one of our HHH runs.  I the mac-n-cheese and some of the white pizza.  The mac-n-cheese was pretty good with firm noodles. I always hate getting mac-n-cheese because much of the time it will not be firm, but this was and the cheese was pretty good.  The white pizza was okay, nothing notable.  The folks that ordered the bbq seemed happy with their meals so I'm not too sure why there are some really low ratings.  They do have PBR for $1!!!
1	I should have known when we showed up at 7 PM on a Friday night (11/19/10) and half the tables were empty...but we were with friends that had a Groupon, so we didn't protest.  Mistake.  Our server was really nice and checked on us frequently.We started with the pulled pork nachos. The chips were all greasy and the meat was in one massive glob at the top...and was overall flavorless.I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza.  The pizza was flat, hard, dry, and appeared to have been reheated from a frozen state.  The pulled chicken was just sort of sprinkled on top.  I had to smother the pizza with BBQ sauce (which in and of itself was pretty tasty) in order to make it appealing.  The chicken was only so so, but the rest of the dish was just gross.  I think I paid $12 for that, but was wishing I would have had a Papa Johns BBQ chicken pizza instead.  We ordered the peach cobbler for dessert.  I know peach cobbler.  This was NOT cobbler.  Yes, there were peaches.  It was peach pie filling, with some kind of crumbled up sugar cookie on top.  It was thick, gel-like, and gross.  I took two bites and left the rest.  The little scoop of ice cream which cost me an extra $1 (which I was not warned of, by the way) was the only thing worth eating on that dessert item.Extremely unimpressive.  What a waste of a prime retail spot in Desert Ridge.  They didn't even do anything special with the decor...just threw up a bunch of flat screen televisions and called it a day.  I predict this place will be out of business by next Thanksgiving.By the way, the three other adults I was with had similar reviews of their food.
4	UPDATED 01/29/11 - NOW OUT OF BUSINESS AND CLOSED================================================Excellent BBQ.  Not the best I've ever had but definitely in the top 20.  Despite the name (I expected Kansas Style BBQ) they do great job making Texas Style Brisket.  Service is great as well.
1	Decided to give this place a try since I found a gift certificate on Restaurant.com.   Had the ribs, pulled pork and chicken.  Rest of the party had about the same.   Ribs were really dry and didn't pull off the bone, but just flaked off instead.   Chicken was tender, but flavorless.  Pulled pork, well, they served us brisket.   Service was good, but luckily we were one of 3 tables on a Friday night so she didn't have much to worry about it.  Not really for sure how they think they can stay in business with zero repeat customers, at least thats what it looks like from the Yelp reviews.   Probably would have thought otherwise if I would have read reviews prior.
1	Notorious turned out to be true to its name leaving me woefully disappointed with the experience and a gift that kept on giving all night long.  So last night we went to the Notorious PIG, a good sized group of 6 to enjoy a dinner together after not seeing one another for a month. We did spend a half hour waiting for our friends to arrive, so the four of us sat around talking.  It took a while for the server to offer drinks, but we were fairly distracted, however when our friends arrived it took almost twenty minutes for their drink order to be taken, our drinks were never refilled and we were 40 minutes in after our other friends arrived before getting our food.When our food finally arrived my plate was lukewarm at best, like it had been sitting out for a while.  With such a limited menu I don't understand why it took so long.  So the hotlinks were tasty but not warm, the rib tips and shredded chicken breast were both lukewarm and dry.  I did not have the confidence that addressing the temperature of my meal would have been adequately resolved at this point.  The rest of the evening was a pleasant little dance of getting one last refill on my drink (we asked two other servers to help us out to no avail as our waiter did not check up on us) and getting our waiters attention to get the check.It was when I looked in the main dining area and found our waiter watching the UFC fight with the other customers inside that I had my ah hah moment!  The waiter, waitstaff, kitchen staff were not serving or working they were watching TV with the rest of the customers inside.  When I mean watch, I mean fully fixated on the TV and not  doing any work for 10, 15, 20 minutes.      Little did I know that after the check the gift of my evening at Notorious would come to its conclusion.  After our three hour experience I had an entire evening of experiences that have been burned into my mind.  Notorious left me frustrated and literally sick well into the morning hours.
2	Well, I had high hopes for this place as this was my second visit and probably my last. Friend and I shared a 3 meat combo. No distinctives between  the pork, chicken or beef brisket. I will say the service was great, and the sauces were very good, but i like a smoke ring....it's why I like BBQ. Coleslaw was 4 stars and the beans were interestingly good. $22.00 for lunch for two with water. Sorry.....I've had better BBQ.
2	Big portions, that's really all I can say about this place.  The sauce is okay, the brisket is okay but nothing is great.  Rootboot floats are good, but nothing I can't make at home.  Worth one shot if your curious but I'm not going back.
