5	The beer was great and reasonably priced for an airport. I highly recommend the pretzels and cheese soup with a raj.
5	Had a popper burger. Best darned burger I ever had. 1/2 pound of flavor perfectly grilled. This monster with all the toppings was nearly impossible to take a bite out of. I had to take a to go box for the fries because I was too full to eat them. No wait for a table or food, but it was mid day on a Thursday, I can imagine on a busy travel day this place is packed with long waits. If you have time it is worth it.
4	What an awesome addition to the PHX airport/ conveniently located in the high A gate section of terminal 4, this place covers three previous gates in space and has many of your favorite Four Peaks items.  I found the food to be as delicious as the outside locations and the service, though a little slow, was actually very friendly and hospitable.  You could see that there was indeed an effort to get it right and be speedy.  If you are going to eat here, be sure that you have at least an hour to spend.
5	Good beer (try the Hefeweizen), fresh food, and great prices. I was seriously surprised by the prices- best I've seen for airports- and service. It actually felt like a microbrewery and didn't have much of an airport feel to it.The chicken Caesar salad was good but not phenomenal. Overall a great experience
4	This weekend I had breakfast at the Four Peaks Brewing Company at PHX. About a month ago, I had lunch at the actual Four Peaks Brewing Company in Tempe. Due to laziness or just plain procrastination, I never reviewed the latter, but today I feel compelled to throw some love to 4PB. Both times I've eaten at 4PB, the food has been very good. Surprisingly good. I didn't expect these tasty offerings from an establishment that is known for brewing beer. On the morning I was at PHX, I ordered the Four Peaks Breakfast Beer Bread (From their website: Scrambled eggs, country potatoes, hickory smoked bacon, melted cheddar cheese, onions, green peppers, mushrooms and jalapeno hollandaise rolled in a house baked beer bread)The beer bread tasted like a soft, fresh pita. I would say better than most pita's I've had. Everything inside went well together. It was a lot of food too. They serve it with a side of fruit, but I wasn't having it. Ain't nobody got time for that. I was using any stomach room I had for that delicious breakfast wrap. Bottom line... if you're in the Terminal 4 - Gate A area of PHX and have time to grab some food, you won't go wrong with Four Peaks.
4	After winter storm Cleon we ended up in Phoenix instead of Albuquerque. Ate lunch here and they had no problem switching out a meal when one of us changed out mind. The kilt-raiser beer was refreshing.
4	I have been to the Four Peaks in Scottsdale and this is my first time at their Sky Harbor location. I have had their sandwhich before but I have to say nothing beats their southwestern rolls. yum!! chicken, pepperjack cheese and green chiles, yum! must try them. They were very busy and our server, George P, was fantastic. Attentive, turns tables over quickly, and boxed our food for us individually cause he knew we were getting on the plane, but didn't rush us out after we paid our bill, we felt comfortable wasting space while finishing our cocktails.
5	Is this spot seriously in an airport? Seriously? I still can't believe it...In my humble and largely uniformed opinion, the Four Peaks location within the Phoenix airport is the epitome of airport dining. For one, how amazing is it to have a local business offering a much more appealing option over your typical overpriced chain dining options at the terminal? Secondly, this is not only a local business, it's a local brewery! Lastly, the prices are ridiculously reasonable!The setup is no frills and right down to business. Bar in the center with numerous flat screen TVs (perfect for watching some NFL the day I was coming through) with tables and booths spread out around the perimeter of the restaurant. It seems that this place can get pretty packed (are you surprised?), so it may be difficult to get a larger party seated if you're hitting this spot at peak times (we had to split up our party of four). Since Four Peaks is a brewery, let's talk about the suds, shall we? The bottom line is that these guys seem to know what they're doing as they are putting out some tasty, quality brews. While here, I had a pint each of the Hop Knot IPA and the Raj IPA (an English IPA). The Hop Knot was good, but a bit lighter and less full bodied than I typically like my IPAs. The Raj IPA, however, offered up that good hoppiness and bitterness. Yum. My buddy had the Hefeweizen and found it excellent as well. Did I mention that the pints are only $4.50 here? Yes, you heard right...a very reasonable price for freshly brewed local craft beer with character as opposed to other airport dining establishments where you're paying up to $10 for a pint of Miller Lite. Thank you, Four Peaks!Food wise, this spot again went above and beyond expectations. I opted for the grilled chicken beer bread, and I've been craving it ever since. Grilled chicken with artichokes, mushrooms, green peppers, red onions, and cheese all wrapped up in freshly baked beer bread. This dish was way above and beyond any airport food I've had in the past. Plus the sandwich was huge and came with a pile of delicious french fries...all for $10! Seriously, the prices here are so very much worth it!Next time you've got a layover in Phoenix, do yourself a favor and check this spot out!
5	I've been using Yelp for three years now, and never posted a review until now because this place just served me the best burger and fries I have ever eaten. I can now die happy after this meal.
5	I was starving and kept putting off eating because we all know that airports can be busy and security checks can be longAfter getting through everythingI was hungry and had about a good hour until my flight was boardingI was sooooo happy that this 4peaks was in my terminalI love the 4peaks near ASU campus and I frequent it many timesI love love love the Peach AleIt is a mustBf and I shared a plate of chicken tenders and friesThey were deliciousI really wanted to have a glass of Peach Ale but I didn't want to slam it and then be on the plane for 5 hoursI was telling the server that and we both giggledShe brought me a "sample" cup of Peach Ale which was enough to fulfill my mouths desireGreat service, it was a pretty busy time of the day but our server made sure to fill our glasses and check to see if we needed anythingUgh now writing this has me hungry and wanting 4peaks
5	Best airport breakfast!French toast includes fresh fruit- melon was soft and sweet, not the usual colored rocks. Hash browns have plenty of red and green sweet peppers. Coffee good. Eggs not over cooked. Highly recommended if you are out in A concourse. Seating is limited for table service but you can get to go and sit in the adjoining area. Counter service (Kimberly) very friendly and professional.
4	Okay, this is airport food and pricing.  That said, having a choice of better than average beers and decent food at an airport is enough to make me come back.  That and they were open late when I had a later plane change makes them a winner.
4	Friendly & fast serviceGood thick burgers served with crispy  steak fries.Real lettuce, tomato & onion.  Order came out faster than expected. ... really good for airport food.
4	Only had an order of french fries before my flight and they were really great. Not overly greasy and cooked to my liking. Crisp on the outside fluffy on the inside. Staff was super busy so you need to get their attention but they are helpful once they are taking your order. Enough seating to accommodate everyone when I was there but it seems to fill up.
1	Had a layover in Phoenix and decided to grab a drink in the terminal, bar was full but finally found an open spot at the bar top here.  The lovely bartender politely greeted me and took my drink order and returned promptly. $20 for 2 doubles, SWEET! . Soon after multiple dirty glasses were continually dropped with in inches of me, several glasses at a time.  I thought... 'Well this is rude". I let it go several times, scouted out the manager and guess what... Low and behold who could it be that now so rudely joins his rude and inappropriate staff by slamming a dirty pint glass in front of me? Yes the manager... Oh Game on... I politely approach him, confirmed he was in fact the manager and "I would have thought you'd know better and have more respect to drop dirty empty glasses directly in front of a paying guest".  His response "well this is my service well, this is where I put them, where else could I put them" my response... After pointing out other feasible options.. Oh it is? Well maybe you shouldn't have let me be served in your 'service well' without letting me know this minor detail.  I pointed out that it is in no way separated from the bar, no bar mats, no pitchers, just a plain old open bar top.  He said "yes you shouldn't have been served here". He walked away with his head down cowardly, taking no accountability, giving no apology.  I understand that this is a airport terminal and you don't get 'regulars' but this means MANAGEMENT/STAFF should strive to make the pitstop kinda experience more memorable and not be complete douchebags
1	finally got to phoenix after a 4 hour delay in Newark. Glad to have gotten off of the plane an not sit so we went to look for some food. The place was busy and the reviews looked good so we decided to try it out. Ordered the pretzel and quesadilla. The pretzel was extremely salted down with butter/oil. It was so slippery to even hold. Had to get napkins to soak up all of the fatty oils. The quesadilla was greasy as well. It was oily for some reason. Wasn't too happy. Lacked chicken. And a glass of wine was $9.00. Not worth the $30.00. Thought the day could get somewhat better.
4	Four Peaks has it all, good brews, quality food and a great spacious area to watch whatever game is on at the time. It is the ultimate sports bar. Be sure to check out the oatmeal stout which is heavy but flavorful, the peach brew which has a sweet kick to it and the kilt lifter which is somewhere in-between. The place was busy as far as getting table went but we only had to wait 20 min for a group of 8 which gave me a chance to try as many beers as I could. Can't wait till I'm back out in the area to go back to 4 peaks.
5	Customer service here was WONDERFUL! I am huge on customer service and I believe in giving credit where credit is due. I was travelling for business and had a short layover in Phoenix. I stopped in here for a quick bite to eat and a beer. Long story short I lost track of time, and didn't realize it until I was (promptly) seated. I explained to the server that I had a flight to catch shortly as he brought out the beer (which was FANTASTIC!) and he assured me that it was possible to grab a quick bite and make my flight. I have never had food come out at a restaurant that fast! Let's be honest, EVERYONE is in a hurry at the airport and these guys made sure that I was helped and taken care of! The food was wonderful, plate presentation was phenomenal for the time it came out in, and the service was wonderful! Give these guys a go, you won't be disappointed!
3	Beer was cold but the food was greasy.  The service was excellent though which makes up for a lot.
4	Deandre was quick to serve, attentive, and offered a tasting of the beer before purchase. Great service, a nice beer, and an enjoyable meal while waiting for my flight.
3	Had a couple of hours to kill before my flight.  This place was busy and the wait was about 20 minutes.  Everyone there was probably on the same flight.  Ended up getting a table and the restaurant pretty much cleared out.Ordered a whiskey and ginger ale to start things off.  Server offered me a double for $2 extra.  Of course I'll do a double!Then we ordered our food and a beer.  I ordered the Popper Burger (has cream cheese and jalapenos and crispy onion strings).  I ordered the burger to be cooked medium.  The burger was super dry.  Also had a couple of beers to chill on and go with the food before the flight.Good food to fill you up and grab a drink or two.  Burger wasn't impressive.  Beer was good though.
4	Great selections of beer from the local micro brewery.  I only wish I had more time to eat. The menu offers a good selection of better than average airport food. Decent prices without gouging the travellers. Much appreciate the fast service, knowledgable staff, and beer descriptions.
3	Should have had a beer and not the 'battered' fries.  Unfortunately they were tasteless , which is odd for fried potatoes. No amount of salt, pepper or ketchup would have woken these denizens of the fryer.  The staff were busy, but competent.  Impressive.  At least on this day one business had enough staff to take care of the customer.
3	Got the Four Peaks Cheeseburger, which is a charbroiled patty with swiss cheese and fries for $9.50 (with tax is $10.19).Overall, not bad but not amazing. Juicy but over cooked (medium rare seemed medium well). Fries were a little overly salty.. but not bad.
5	A little gem while waiting for my flight at Sky Harbor Airport.The salad I got was decent size.  For airport food, it's actually pretty good.  The best part of the meal was their selection of beer.  They had a selection of six of their beer.  I was interested in the Peach Ale but did not want to order a sweet beer.  I ended up with a half and half: half Four Peaks Brewing Peach Ale and half of their Hefe.  It was only $5 (I think) and it was delicious.  They have an adapter and two USB outlets for you to charge your various devices while you wait for your flight.  I like this place and would definitely look for this place again when I find myself in transit at Sky Harbor Airport!
4	Solid hop knot and sweeter kilt lifter. Can get crowded but worth the wait if your schedule permits.  Variable service makes this 4 stars but most staff and menu items can push 5 considering its in an airport.
2	Ugh. Airport food. Good beer.
3	Airport bars are crazy, Not bad but the service was not great. I ordered IPA and enjoyed people watching but I was no offered another and I was handed my check before I was  ready to leave. I love to drink but not in a rush.
3	Yay! The pretzel is vegan possible. Just make sure to ask for no butter! Also, the fries have egg so be careful. The beers are great and watching people scurry around the airport.
4	4 stars because this is a welcome sight for a 1 hour layover.  Never been to Arizona but I appreciate a local brewery experience.  I didn't try any of the food.Had Kilt Lifter and Oatmeal Stout, both pretty decent and then back on the plane.
1	The only things I liked at this place were the environment, there were outlets to charge your electronics and over all it was comfortable. However, I was assisted by rude hostage, who didn't even bother to walk me to the table and was more interested in having a conversation with the other hostages. It doesn't stop there, the waitress was unfriendly, argued with another server in front of me and she let me take my time to decide what I wanted only to later tell me that, they were only severing food from the first place. Then, the food came and it looked very appetizing but looks were deceiving, for it had no flavor at ALL. The service was not only slow but it was also very poor, on top of that, the food didn't even come close to making up for it.  So in conclusion, will I ever go there again, nope, NEVER. (Unless I was dieing of starvation).... I hope they take this review seriously and make the necessary changes!
1	As a local and a frequent traveler, I am really excited about the transformation happening in Sky Harbor terminal four. Local restaurants like Matt's Big Breakfast, Chelsea's Kitchen, Delux and others are replacing Burger King and your typical airport fare.  I don' think Four Peaks has gotten the memo that airport food can be good.On my way to my gate this morning I decided to give Four Peaks a try. I ordered a coffee (a bit lukewarm- but ok) and the Brewers Breakfast. I am not sure if I read the menu incorrectly but it said "eggs". I ordered eggs over easy and was given what tasted like powdered scrambled eggs.  If the only option was scrambled - the waitress should have said that when I ordered them fried.So I have had powered eggs before and I can handle it. But the breakfast potatoes were really bad. The best way to describe them was waterlogged. I rarely don't finish my plate, even at the most mediocre restaurant - but one bite was enough.Even the toast was pretty lame.  How can you make toast lame?Not a great way to start the morning. Should have just had a coffee at Pete's or Starbucks.I am sure the beer is good - but they need to give the food some serious attention.
3	Good beer, but the food was a little lackluster. It's located in an airport, so the service can fluctuate depending on how busy the terminal is at any given moment. That being said, they've got a big space with a lot of seats, so you probably won't have to wait too long even in a busy hour.
4	Amazing beer selection if you're into craft style beers.  Had the chicken quesadilla which I now higly recommend.  Great place if you have 20 minutes or a few hours!
1	I stopped by Four Peaks Brewing Co for two beers before my flight in the PHX airport.My bill totaled $12.88 to which I tipped $5 for a combined total for $17.88. Later that night, I was checking my bank account and noticed the waitress/cashier instead charged my card $20.00.  While I realize $2.12 is not very much money in the grand scheme, it's ridiculous that the staff took an already good tip of close to 30% and increased it to that of 55%. Needless to say, check your bank accounts after you eat at this restaurant.
4	$5 craft beer pints.  In an airport.  Whaaaaa??  Best. Airport. Deal. Ever.  Even though it's cheap beer, don't expect the quality to disappoint.  They put out a good product!  If you're looking for a beer in the airport, do yourself a favor and stop in here so you can get a real beer, vs. some $8 macro crap served in most other airport bars.  Their wheat and IPA were good, but don't take my word for it...Untappd and BeerAdvocate like their product as well.  Don't fall into the trap of the 20oz beer though; at $7, it's more expensive per ounce.  $16 oz is where it's at.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed my experience here.I'm never typically a fan of airport restaurants. The food is usually overpriced and average. And although I felt the food was still overpriced it was still good. Another plus, usually bars that are known for beers typically suck at cocktails. And I hate beer... So I was thrown off that when I ordered a margarita it tasted good. Like really good. So good I ordered another one. And stopped after the second one because I kept gigglingb when the Canadian next to me said "aboot".Good enough for me.
4	Just stopped by on a quick whim to try the Kilt Lifter per a recommendation of a friend. The service was fast and that particular beer was good. Finding a seat was hard as it was crowded! But that is good, as the atmosphere was quite lively.Will definitely return if I'm passing through this location again.
4	I like to get the brewer's breakfast and coffee.Service is usually quick and easy -- I'm typically in and out in under 20 minutes.Servers typically bring the bill with the second cup of coffee.The breakfast menu is good by 'airport food standards'.
3	During a recent vacation, we found ourselves in a different gate area (A) than normal and hoped for some breakfast options to enjoy before heading out of town. I was pretty excited when I saw Four Peaks and that they were open for breakfast! I love Four Peaks and will always continue to support them by enjoying their amazing beer and tasty food for lunch/dinner, but one thing I can't say I loved was their breakfast at the airport. The environment was great and this would be a perfect spot during the lunch/dinner hours, but the breakfast menu was very limited and included a beer bread breakfast option, breakfast burrito and a basic egg meal (among a couple other items). I went with the basic egg meal which came with eggs, bacon and toast. It filled me up but I would have loved a little more flavor and flare! Luckily they had mimosas when we got there so I enjoyed one but learned they ran out of them during while we were dining. Unfortunately our waitress, Kemberly, was a little stressed when we dined in and was pretty unhappy (and expressed it to me) when I asked to borrow a pen when we first sat down. The pen never arrived and it wasn't until the check came that she finally asked if I still needed the pen. This was about 40 minutes later. By then I had figured out another solution to find a pen.While our breakfast experience at the airport Four Peaks was not what I would have hoped for one of my favorite breweries in town, I will give it another chance in the future but not during breakfast-time. Hopefully we get a nicer server next time around!
3	The main thing going for this place is the beer. Duh, its a brewery. It's still an airport with airport food and airport people. The servers and hostess seemed unhappy and hurried. I overheard at multiple tables that they were out of things. I ordered a soup and wilted salad. Glad I didn't spend more on overpriced airport fare. Tip: stick with the beer!
5	I absolutely love Four Peaks! They have my favorite beer (Peach Ale) and an amazing Chicken Salad Pita and Outstanding pasta salad. I love the busy but upbeat feel here and go all the time with friends. I am dreaming of the Peach Ale right now.. If visiting AZ this place is AMAZING and has something to offer for even the pickist of eaters. Enjoy!
4	I have been here a few times. Good food and good beer!  There are power outlets at the bar and some of the tables.  The service is always a challenge though.
1	Don't drink the water! Tastes like camels ass! Turkey club was not great, bread was cold. Popper burger was ok, and the beer could have been colder.  We wanted to charge our phones and we were told to leave the restaurant so they could seat guests in our seats. We would have bought more beer, but guess not. Don't come here!
2	Stopped for breakfast while waiting for my connection in PHX. Food quality was really poor. Wilted fruit, soggy home fried and an undercooked egg. Would not recommend to a friend.
5	Best airport beer / food / service I've had. Micky the bartender was great and the hop knot ipa was excellent even for a beer snob like me.
4	the fries and chicken strips were excellent. the iced tea too. the salad sucked...but that's what i deserve for ordering a salad at an airport sports bar. i would come back
4	Good fare overall, especially at the airport.  Friendly staff as well.  We ordered a turkey club and a fish & chips plate.  The former sat on the kitchen counter while the cook staff struggled mightily to produce the latter.  All the while, we had to listen to someone in the kitchen yell "runner!" every couple of minutes.  So we may eat here again, but only because it's the airport.
2	Four peaks is my favorite Phoenix bar/restaurant. I'm always excited to visit (I used to live here). Sooo when they put in a four peaks in the airport, I was beyond thrilled. Layovers were now filled with good food and beer....well...kind of. I wish they had a full menu - the real restaurants have KILLER daily food specials. I've now been to the airport location 3 times and each time I have been rather disappointed. The soft beer read overflowing with gooey cheese at the freestanding restaurant/brewery can be found crusty and seemingly overcooked. Why? :( I thought it was a fluke until I ordered it three times. No pasta salad (four peaks literally has the best pasta salad on the planet. Think creamy, ranchy pasta with big chunks of artichokes and cheese...so good). No pizza either (go to the non-airport locations and order the pesto pizza-it's amazing). So alas, we are left with beer bread and burgers. Yeah, they're good but please stop over cooking my beer bread. And for the love of all things good please please start serving pasta salad!!! Side note - this place still gets two stars because the beer remains consistent (but how could it not). Try the peach ale or hefeweizen. When in doubt, go with oatmeal stout :)
2	I am a high traffic traveler.  I am at Sky Harbor once or twice a week.  I know every restaurant option and even the servers and TSA agents because of my frequency.  If you are eating in the "high A" terminal (gates 20+), this is really your only sit down option.  It's OK food, but the breakfast sucks.   There are a couple of issues I have with this restaurant.  1) When you sit down and order, they want you to pay in advance.  I ordered a food and drink and they asked to run my credit card.  That's just bad form.  We're in an airport.  If people are stiffing you, hire more people or people who are more attentive.  2) At the food prep station, next to the kitchen, there appears to be a large amount of bored employees chatting it up.  They are loud and obnoxious.  No one really cares to hear about their prior night's excursion - all while I have an Ice Tea with no sweetener (how hard is it to bring sweetener with tea?), or when my food comes, no one bothered to give me my set up.  Why don't they all just STFU and focus on the customer? How about using some of those people to watch out for the dine-n-dash people, so you don't run my credit card when I sit down?  3) The food is just unremarkable, considering the way Sky Harbor has stepped up the food options with Sauce, Chelsea's Kitchen and the like.  This joint is way better than Cinnabon or Burger King, but it still falls to the bottom.  I would rather have Blue Burrito back, which this place took over.   If you're there for breakfast, I have tried them all and they really aren't good.  My breakfast item comes from the "all day" menu. Ask for the quesadilla with ground beef and cheese.  Also ask for extra salsa, since they restrict how much salsa they give out.  They provide you one little plastic side cup, that's only filled  1/2 way. The quesadilla will be a little greasy with the cheese/meat, but it's edible and tastes good. I like Cowboy Ciao but you need to walk all the way over to B terminal.  A terminal has Blanco Tacos.  If you're at Sky Harbor early enough, it's worth the walk for either of these options, and the walk will do you good to and fro!
5	All about that peach beer! I typically drink Blue Moon and thought this was similar but so good
4	A definite Must-Stop. The beer and the service is outstanding.
5	Best airport restaurant I've ever been in!  Great prices, great food.  Our server Michael was great, gave good suggestions and provided awesome service!  Would definitely recommend to anyone traveling through Phoenix airport.  Kudos to Michael, thanks!
1	As the saying goes about beer and kids.  Just cause you can make them doesn't mean you should.  The IPA tastes like mildly sweet water, fish and chips were mediocre.  The best item I had was the tap water with ice.  Yummy.  Please do not ruin the three little beautiful letters, IPA by labeling your beer with them.  I'll bypass this place next time and go to Cinnabon.
2	Probably the worst fish and chips I've ever had.  The fish was more like fish sticks.  After ordering it was on the table in less than 2 minutes, which made me think it was microwaved.  Not to mention it was soggy and rubbery.  Service was fine, nothing great.  The manager asked how things were but was already on to the next table before I could answer.  Beer was good but would never go back for the food.
2	Good drinks but could use some assistance in a better menu.  Bar food is stepping up their game all over the nations.  Four Peaks didn't get the message.  My breakfast was cold and the avocado was moist free.  The tortilla was still dripping flour on the outside and the potatoes were a hot, hard mess.  I did have a great coffee and Bailey's to their credit.  Not much else.  Service was courteous and he comped my breakfast.
2	The beer was good as was the service, but both the chicken strips and the AZ chicken rolls were very greasy.
3	When we showed up and we thought it was our waiter (guess it was the bus  and asked him to place our drinker and his response, "you might want to tell that to your waiter" and kept walking. That was one way to greet a customer. The flavor of the wings were good, but the chicken was over cooked and dry. The quesadilla was good.
4	Decently good food for an airport.  The Chicken Enchiladas were actually pretty good.  Or to rephrase that, better than I expected them to be.  Of course coming off of a red eye that served no meals just about anything tastes good.  Still, better than I expected.
1	If I had to describe my service and food here today in one word... TERRIBLE!Let's start with the first fun fact, as soon as you sit down and order, they ask for your CC... OK, that's not too horrible, but it is annoying, and unexpected.So, after ordering my food at the bar, and getting my drink, the bartender virtually ignored me and the other patrons at the bar while she chit chatted with her manager. Until my food arrived, I really didn't care. After my food arrive (which was not very good... I'll get to that in a moment) I still couldn't get her attention. Too busy yapping away with what looked like the manager, and the other bar tender...Needless to say I ended up getting what I needed myself (Ketchup from the other side of the bar).Now, the food... I ordered the french toast with bacon. I asked for the bacon to be crispy... it wasn't. The french toast was cold, and a couple of the pieces were stale and impossible to cut/chew... seriously, they were like rubber! The only good things were the orange juice (from a container), and the potatoes o'brian.Maybe instead of being a chatty Kathy the servers at Four Peaks could actually spend some time paying attention to their customers. I doubt I will ever go back to this particular dinning establishment... which is a shame, because I really like Four Peaks in Tempe.
3	Decent place to grab a drink and some food before a flight, and compared to airports it's great, but compared to the other awesome offerings at PHX, this is not as great. However if you are in this gate it's your best option unless you won't to hoof it over to B or C. The menu is small, the prices are airport-high, and the portions are small. No healthy options that looked appetizing and next to no vegetarian options other than quesadillas and fries.
3	Food and beers are absolutely amazing, four peaks always has good good and beer! The service is so so, it's an airport though with constant traffic and a lot of people flowing through the restaurant. I'd strongly recommend sitting at the bar for quick service! Give yourself about 30-45 minutes before your flight too.
1	Definitely never stopping here for anything ever again... Sticking to the actual location for sure.  The service is probably one of the slowest waits for our food and drinks ever.  What kills me is when the man was saying "its made fresh" in regards to the wait time is why it was taking forever.  I believe that to be the biggest crock of S**t coming out of someones mouth coming from an airport establishment.  The Italian beer bread was NOT fresh.  The bread didn't even look right or taste right at that.  So not only was I irritated by the wait time with the word "FRESH" thrown one time after another (in which became a family joke from here on out is that its "FRESH") but i was severely disappointed on top of it with our food.
4	A full service restaurant in the Phoenix airport that serves breakfast? Yes, please! Our food was great and service was speedy and courteous. Unfortunately, it was too early for drinking but of course they had a full set of taps for all our Four Peaks favorite brews. I will stop here again before my next flight.They are located in the northwest section of Terminal 4, in the US Airways section for gates A15-A30.
3	For vegans, as of this date the veggie burger is garden burger brand, and is not vegan.
4	I stopped in here for breakfast around 6:45AM. I ordered the, "Brewers Breakfast." It took about 10 mins and it was pretty good. The service was friendly and the place was clean. The price was around $10.00 with coffee. I would eat here again.
4	The breakfast was great!  Beer battered egg bacon cheese etc.   service was slow and not great so only giving 4 stars
3	Some healthy-ish options on the menu. Breakfast till 10.30am would be even better if it was all-day (as I arrived here at 11am.)I got the chicken beer bread... What is that? Grilled chicken in a wrap and served with fries or salad. Of course I got the fries as I really wanted fish and chips but tried to be good. That was a mistake. The chicken was processed, covered in melted cheese which I picked out as cooled and congealed...(better left on the plate than in my veins.) I tried to enjoy this meal as I picked out the good stuff. Because the wrap was cut up you couldn't pick it up and it was too "wet" to cut. Then I looked around at this decor and noticed the odd combo of a dance music soundtrack. Very odd...something not quite right here. If I had to come again I'd probably go with the fish & chips or a burger.
4	This is good find, and certainly beats eating McDonald's at the airport. I had their peach ale (delicious), and their blue cheese burger was juicy, tasty and cooked perfectly. The staff is friendly, and the service is good. However, go here only if you have plenty of time to wait because although the service is relatively fast, there is way too much going and you may have to do some waiting. Angel- healthyroadadventures.blogspot.com
4	I went here a few weeks ago to celebrate my Fiance's friends promotion. It's obviously hot in AZ in July so it was slightly uncomfortable in Four Peaks Brewery since they use swamp coolers. That actually did not bother me very much because they had an ample amount of fans and the atmosphere of drinking a beer inside the brewery totally makes you get over it. The prices are very good in my opinion. The options they have were overwhelming, in a good way! I had such a hard time picking out an appetizer. I ended up ordering a pitcher of one of their fruity beers. I can't remember what it was called, but it was very good. I got the soft pretzel and it came with 2 dips. I guess one was supposed to be a jack cheddar cheese an the other was a dijon mustard. The pretzel was good, but the dipping sauces were terrible! The cheese sauce was so runny and didn't even taste good. I was surprised to hear that this was their "new sauce" for the pretzels. Bleh. The dijon mustard was alright. I am not a mustard fan at all, but I REALLY like the dijon mustard that Uncle Bear's has for their soft pretzels and I was hoping for something similar. That's the only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5. I would go back to Four Peaks Brewing Company in a heart beat. Our server handled our large table very well. We had a great time!
5	So hubby and I found ourselves in Pheonix airport. Long story... We are portlanders though and through and love a good beer. We were thrilled to find this little beer oasis and throughly enjoyed our cheesy garlic beer bread made by a chef who did not skimp on the cheese or garlic.Our server Niki was a delightful little spitfire who truly understands customer service.Highly recommend
5	Love love LOVE! This is probably my favorite thing about the Phoenix airport! Not only do I love the beer, now that I was able to enjoy the food I love Four Peaks even more! I had the soup of the day and a sandwich and I loved it. It was actually quite filling and it was very affordable! Especially for being in an airport. I can't wait to have a layover in Phoenix soon!
5	Some of the best airport food I've ever had. I was craving a good burger and had a 2 hour layover in PHX so I decided to pop into this place in Terminal 4 (by the A gates). Good call, me.The space is pretty inviting for an airport - lots of seating, big TVs, big wraparound bar. There are plenty of outlets. Score. But the food's the thing, and nice ambiance can't make up for bad food. Fortunately, my burger and fries were great. I had the southwestern burger, which was cooked as specified to medium doneness (airport kitchens hardly ever get this right). The buns were nicely toasted. The lettuce+tom were fresh. The beef patty was nicely seasoned. As for the fries, they were perfectly salted and crispy. Well-executed, straightforward, and satisfying. What more can you ask for in between flights?
3	Airport bars are notorious for overpriced drinks, and mediocre food. Like an oasis in the desert, Four Peaks offers travelers a respite, with good locally produced beer, and decent food. Had the Raj IPA, and a chicken quesadilla. The IPA was good, not overly hopped but nice balance. The chicken quesadilla was a bit bland, but some hot sauce kicked it up a notch. Would definitely park there again.
1	This place is garbage, ordered two drinks (double shot gin and sodas) and this joker gave us soda water with a lime. Spend your $25 someplace else in this airport! Waste of time.
1	Booooooo no good!!! We got 2 soda waters for 25$ we asked if there was any gin in them he said 2 shots of Bombay in each. YEAHHHH RIGHT!!! 2 Tall glasses of soda with a crusty lime.
4	Busiest of eateries in secA in PHX, hostess has a nonchalant attitude about customers. Floor manger looks confused and lost,  not cordial to customers. Wait staff upbeat and customer oriented beers are cold and great. Good is fresh and good service would come back
4	This place was just the place for a nice breakfast while waiting for our connection.  All of the staff we interacted with was very nice and cheerful even though it was like 7 am. We definitely enjoyed this little joint  and it is an actual brewery
5	Thank you Shirlene and Rosemary for your exceptional service. They both went above and beyond to make me feel at home en route to my next destination! Food and beer were great! Don't forget to try the Arizona Gunslinger hot sauce. It was like nothing I had ever had before.Michael Scott
5	Since they opened, we have not eaten or grabbed drinks at any other place in Terminal 4. We generally fly out of the opposite side of the terminal from this place, it it is definitely worth the walk and getting there earlier! The food is excellent, great breakfast options too. You also can not beat the beer, which is the best that the Phoenix metro area has to offer!
5	We have visited the full Four Peaks location in Tempe and enjoyed it, so it was great to have our gate right beside the Four Peaks outlet in terminal 4. We visited at 8am on a weekday and were provided a table with enough space for our luggage. Service was very fast--always appreciated in an airport.I ordered the fruit plate. Wow, was I impressed. It included black and red grapes, whole strawberries, pineapple, honeydew, cantaloupe and massive blackberries. It was $7! I would have almost paid for that a piddly container of fruit from a myriad of airport vendors. Everything was fresh. I ate my fill and shared some as well.My husband had the French toast and enjoyed it greatly. It had a full stack of chewy bread accompanied by fruit and a paid addition of bacon. It even looked beautiful. The restaurant filled as we sat there, but we were still checked on several times by our server and a manager, and had the check in good time. I wish more airport restaurants were this pleasant and efficient.
2	I love Four Peaks but this location has let me down. Sat at my extremely dirty table and was told it would be wiped down. My waitress came by and didn't say hello, all she said was "what do you want". I asked for a peach ale which she came back with promptly. However, my beer was warm and my glass was sticky. I was ready to order food but she took the menu and silverware right out of my hands and walked away. Guess all I get is a peach ale at this location. Also, no one ever wiped down the table. Disappointing, Four Peaks.
5	Service is ridiculously fast.  Power outlets under many of the booth chairs.  Free ad supported Boingo Internet.  Good selections for Vegetarians - including veggie burger option!   I found this place during a long wait for a flight back home and basically camped out here waiting for my flight.  The veggie burger was delicious as were the brews and the wait staff was very attentive and didn't rush me out or make me feel bad while I was sitting there nursing my beer while wiating for my flight.I'd highly recommend to anyone flying through Phoenix who is hungry, wants to relax and has a little time so spare.
4	Just had lunch here on a Saturday during bowl week. It was busy. Wound up eating the elk burger and the beer sampler. We also ate the calamari as an appetizer. It was all pretty good. I don't know if it was because the Sun Bowl was on, but it was quite busy with a long wait on a Saturday afternoon.
5	Food was delicious.  Way better than expected from airport food. Had a kilt lifter draft and turkey club. The fries were a+.  Super crispy.
1	The worst customer service I have had. Working as a sever myself I am usually patient and understanding. I would not recommend this place.
5	Stopped by this gem for a quick in-transit snack. Ordered a pretzel and a pint of Sunbru, the locally-brewed Kolsch-style ale. I've had some good german-style pretzels in my life, including those rolled by Amish girls in the downtown markets of Philadelphia. The pretzels at Four Peaks were phenomenal! Perfect crisp, buttery, browned outside, with a fluffy, bready inside. Salted just right. Went great with the light, refreshing Sunbru, with which I was equally pleased. The beer tasted so fresh and citrusy. And finally, the service was quick and kind. Will stop by Four Peaks every time I fly through the area.
