2	Pizza was great as usual, dough seemed to thick to bake properly in the times that they gave but was yummy over all.SERVICE SUCKEDLady asked in front of me asked for Managers phone number, he said they are out of town.  She stated again I didn't ask where they were but their number to call them, after a few min he came up with the phone number but god only knows if it was correct.  I do plan on contacting the store, he was out and out rude.  I asked for their breadsticks, he said we're out; I find it hard to believe they couldn't sprinkle some garlic on the crust for me.  Sadly this is the closest one to us, and it's already a distance away.  Hopefully his job will go to someone who wants and needs it.
5	I am totally stoked!!! I remeber in my past review on the one in hillsboro oregon saying they didnt have on ein vegas!!! I am sooooooooooo hapy they do!! I LOVE the garlic sauce they use for the veggie delite and it also comes in family sixe which is XL lol!! Of course i got it and since i have been craving the tar out of it i ate 3 huge pieces!!! DELISH! the delite is my favorite, cuz they have thin crust and tons of toppings...Fresh toppings!I learned tonight to call them ahead of time for a to go order cuz this place was packed!!! another thing is they give military discount!!! That is ALWAYS a plus! :D
5	This is some of the best pizza in las vegas. Trust me because I have had pizza from all over las vegas and this stuff is really good. The price is great and there is no taz because the food is not cooked. $8 means $8!
4	Papa Murphys is by far my favorite of the chain pizza available in Las Vegas. I always get the DeLite crust, as it reheats much better than the thicker crusts. You get to pick your toppings, and they have a bunch to choose from. The sauce is good, and the toppings always taste fresh. Look online for coupons before you go. The website always has some, and there is usually one for the DeLite crust. You can call ahead, but it usually only takes a few minutes if you go in to order.The reason I can't give them 5 stars is because they always seem to be out of something. One time, it was the DeLite crust. They stretched the regular crust out instead. They have been out of bacon at least twice while I was there, and various other toppings at one point or another.But if you are looking for a cheap, tasty pizza and don't mind cooking it yourself, go to Papa Murphys.
5	Back in home in Washington State, I always loved Papa Murphy's.  But since I left in 2007, I wasn't sure if I would ever see a Papa Murphy's.  But after a few searches, there happens to be one, just a few miles from me.  I was really stoked.  Located on Decatur and Craig, right across the parking lot of Albertsons is a small and hidden Papa Murphy's.  In a way, it was convenient for me, since I live off Decatur.  But if you live in the north end, it's in a pretty open space and right off the road of Craig.  Enough parking, but small waiting area.  Inside, it's well decorated for people to understand what's going on.  Decent color scheme, and a bench to sit and wait.  I got there and looked at the menu, which is right at the counter.  Ordered a Chicago Style Pizza and the pricing was decent.  I notice that they have some pizza all prepped out in the fridge they have.  Some customers came in and ordered, a pepperoni pizza.  The cashier turned around and pulled out the pizza and the next minute, you got a happy customer walking out with a prepped out pepperoni pizza.  Unfortunately I had to stay a little bit longer for my pizza to be made.  But it didn't really take them long to make it.  I was probably in and out in 5 minutes.  Went home, popped it in the oven, and 30 minutes later, we got a very well made Chicago Style Pizza.  The crust was very good as I remembered it.  Just the right amount of meat and cheese.  It made my day.  Overall, I would recommend this, if you like Papa Murphy's.  They have good customer service and friendly.  They are quick on making your order.  You can also call ahead of time, so when you get there, its all prepped and ready.  The end result, a pizza that will taste great out of the oven.
2	After driving by so many times I finally decided to give Papa Murphy's a try.  I assumed it would be cheap since it was a take-and-bake joint and that it would be doubly cheap with a coupon I got for signing up for their emails.  You know what they say happens when you assume, right?So anyways, I think we paid around $10 for a pizza that wasn't even cooked.  Ten bucks might have been fair since it was a little larger than, say, Papa Johns or Pizza Hut pizzas- but it didn't even taste that great.  It wasn't bad by any means but it was definitely forgettable.They did have very nice employees and at least they weren't cheap on the toppings.  But the next time I'm lazy and in the mood for a pizza, I'll just call up one of the chains and get one ready to go for $10.
5	I've always wanted to try Papa Murphy's but we didn't have it back in NY where I'm from. Since moving to Vegas, I've been trying to find a decent pizza and while nothing really comes close to a genuine NY pie, this was by far the best chain pizza I've had outside of NY. I love the fact that I can pick it up and make it on my own at home when I'm ready to eat so I'll always have it hot and ready when we're ready to eat. The price was fantastic - $12 for a pizza with like 5 different toppings, we can't even get a plain back home for that much! The sauce and the toppings were all fresh, we only waited 3 or 4 minutes to have it made for us when we ordered it and it tasted just as good the next day when we ate the leftovers. The staff was very friendly as well. We also picked up the S'mores dessert pizza which I just heated up actually and it looks and smells fantastic. We also signed up for the text message alerts and got a free container of cookie dough which we made last night and they were perfect cookies!Is this on the line of a coal/brick oven pizza or an authentic NY pie? Obviously not... but if you're comparing it fairly against other chain pizzas and for what it sells itself as, this is a great pizza for a great price!
4	make your own pizza! wow this is such a good price for the size of the pizza and what you want on it! they give you so much toppings compared to any other pizza joints. the only trouble i had was to take it home! it barely fit in the passenger seat so i had to drive carefully and not to slam on the breaks so i wont lose my dinner lol. ALSO im a small asian and this pizza is bigger than me! it took awhile to cook at home. i baked it in the oven it was a bit watery so i put my slice in the small toaster to dry it up a bit and to make the crust crispy. pizza is better when the crust is a bit crispy. overall i like this pizza place! if your starving and want to eat pizza right away... this isnt the place for you cuz you have to bake it yourself!
1	I have had good service and good food from this location.  last evening the service was so so and then there was a HAIR in the cheese which wasn't found until it was baked.  Called them and the "manager" Gustavo comment was, "it must be the girl who works here because all the rest of us are guys and have short hair"  He had no solution for the problem.  I asked for an Owner contact and he gives me the number for a Scott 480-510-6920.  A call to his number goes to voicemail and no return call.  This is very poor customer service....
1	We have been long time customers of this location. Original owners rocked. Today I can say I would never recommend anyone to this location again. We had a 2nd horrible experience last night and made a strong effort to let this store redeem itself. We ordered our two favorite pies last night. Family size pepperoni with extra cheese and a family size chicago style chicken bacon stuffed with no onions. We moved over the last few months to a home further away but felt we would continue to patronize this branch.  Long and the short of it...pizza number two was chock full of onions for the 2nd straight time. The last time this happened was on our previous visit and we just let it go. My wife at 8 months pregnant cant do onions so this time we called backed to explain.  Manager said they would replace the pie over the phone.  We wrapped up the uneaten pizza and rather than drive 10 miles back waited til this evening to return it. We were greeted with a new manger un familiar with our situation. To us it was a no brainer....here is an uneaten pizza being returned after being prepared wrong.  Just make us a new pie and move on. Instead....a call to the store owner was made and a half off coupon was offered. That was it. Final answer? Yes. That is all we can do was the response. Well....that 15.00 decision made at the upper level just cost this group not only our business for good but we will certainly share this experience with members of our neighborhood and church (the largest church in the area just around the corner from this establishment) Horrible experience. We even called them back after driving all the way home stunned by this business practice. Good riddance papa murphys. We will also be following up with a call to corporate.  Bad move and acutally bad pies now at this spot.
5	One of the best pizzas I've had in Vegas came from Papa Murphys, I've been buying their pizzas since 2002 when I first stumbled across it and couldn't pass up the 6.99 family size pepperoni pizza. Unfortunately all great things come to an end and that awesome deal is gone but luckily the amazing taste is still just as good as ever. Just had this pizza and it still tastes just like the first time I had it, incredible. Overall amazing pizza, I would choose them over any other pizza.
