3	They have a great selection of clothes, shoes and housewares for the whole family.  Everything is in good condition, trendy, and very reasonable prices.I hate to sound like a jerk in saying this, however, my shopping experience was not enjoyable because I was being followed around by the owner's pre-school daughter.  She asked me very personal questions, was making a lot comments about the items I was looking at and was pulling and tugging on the merchandise in a rather naughty way. The owner saw her daughter do all of these things but never redirected her to do something else.  The girl informed me her mom was the owner.  The owner also never greeted me or asked if I needed help.  In fact, it seemed like her daughter was in charge of customer service.  I ended up leaving quickly because I was tired of being followed and was not having an enjoyable shopping experience.I work with kids and am a parent myself, and I love children.  I know the little girl couldn't help it and was probably bored.  When I go shopping I like to look at items at my leisure and not be responsible for other people's kids.  Because of this I don't think I will be going back.
4	I had a great experience at this store.  I found a absolutely darling Kate Spade purse--almost brand new.  Lots of bags & clothes of all sizes.  I thought the art & furniture was a bit expensive, but the clothes were well priced.  Also the style/decor/ambience of the store was one of the nicest I've seen in consignment stores--no musty smell!
5	Oh jeez, lady complaining about the owners kid, get over yourself. Really. How about, it's awesome that a local Mom has started a business in this economy!? Who cares that her kid was talking to you?! If she was cramping your style, tell her to bug off. Kids are simple like that. Simply sAvvy is a second hand store not a freaking Macy's. I love chatting w her kid while I shop there. And my free range kid loves the energy she gets from the shop owners kid when we go there together. Stop and smell the roses, talk to a kid, buy local.
4	I hate doing this, and I'll still buy from simply saavy but I won't consign here again:(  an article I consigned disappeared from the store and I had to call it a loss.  Oh well.
5	I've had great experiences here, and consistently walk out with several new clothing items when I shop there. I recently lost a lot of weight, and am a little hard to fit. I basically need a whole new wardrobe but can't afford to build one at full price. So every coupla months I come in here and try things on. Once I ran in there minutes before they were closing because I was going to a holiday party and realized the outfit I planned to wear was falling of me (my daughter said it looked like I was wearing clown pants!) I dashed in, gathered armfuls of stuff, actually found 5 great party outfits that fit (wow!) and when I went to check out realized I didn't have my wallet. The lady was super nice, and allowed me to call my husband and she wrote down the credit number and made the transaction happen! And I had brand new outfits for every holiday event I was attending that season for about $80.
1	Ok..here goes.First time I've consigned anything.,went to retrieve my items and took me over an hour to locate 4 articles of clothing. Eventually found hanging in the wrong area. Shop owner Erin was reluctant to assist in the search. When it came to finding a brand new Armani dress that I consigned, it is / was nowhere to be found. When I asked what happens from here, she proceeded to inform me of the store policy ...not their responsibility if lost or stolen, blah, blah, blah. No apology, nothing. REALLY? Good thing my 2 Coach purses didn't go missing. She has promised  to look for my item but I'm not holding my breath...will NEVER consign with this store EVER again. This incident is what gives the consignment biz a bad rep.
