4	Just walking by to see what Gangnam had to offer when the friendly hostess popped outside and talked us into coming in for dinner. I'm so glad that she did. Second day of being open, and they are killing it! Really fresh decor, SUPER friendly staff, neat concept for dinner. We tried the stir fried sukiyaki veggie udon noodles, spicy garlic edamame, mushroom medley, BBQ rib eye, and the Korean honeyeyed pancake with ice cream.  Everything was so incredibly tasty. The sauce on the udon noodles was so delicious and the veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection. The edamame was the perfect appetizer. I would definitely recommend to give this place a try.   I really hope that they do well- I can't wait to go back!
2	Not even open a week, this restaurant has problems with kitchen efficiency and with service. It's almost like they all just showed up and started doing things without any prior conversation or coordination.They haven't got a liquor license yet and still they won't allow patrons to bring their own wine! Now that's just dumb. Virtually every other restaurant in town, and especially the ones with no liquor license will allow corkage.I asked if they'll allow corkage once they DO get a license, and the answer was "we'll take it under advisement". Well, I've got news for these guys: I'll take it under advisement as to whether I ever return.
4	Great find! Place is super clean, decor is modern and atmosphere was really good. The ribeye, kobe and chicken  were delicious. Bonus for us was when the waiter told us the chicken was organic!  My 10 yr old loves to grill at the table so we frequent gyo-kaku grill at home BUT this place has better food and prices.
4	Great Meat, Not all you can Eat and No Side Dishes. But Super Nice servings are 4 oz and from $6-$13. Great Place go for lunch special from 11 am - 3 pm
4	Checked out this place with my friend while we were in vegas. He just returned from a trip to korea and loves Korean food. This place was good although it was missing the sides that generally come with korean bbq and we were surprised to find that the sake was more expensive than the soju. All and all, I'd try it again.
4	Ambiance and service were phenomenal.  I will definenatly be back. Now for the bad.  They don't carry side dishes which is my favorite part of a Korean meal.  So I will still make a 20 minute drive out to Soyo because of their high quality kimchi side dishes and complimentary barley tea.
4	I loved it here....I was staying across the street at Hardrock and wandered over....being a huge Yaki Niku fan I figured it was worth a try....I realized right away they were not Japanese but that's not important these days...the quality of the meat was good and the service was amazing...I asked the waiter for atsukan....and he had no idea...so I told him it means hot sake...I was in one of those moods....I did send back a few pieces of the tongue they sent me, however the chef then replaced my tongue order and in addition made me another chefs special dish on the house....my friend and I left full of wagyu beef....happy...and maybe $60 lighter....which is a deal, given we were drinking...
3	Came in for a late dinner during the week. The restaurant is in a strip center and parking was easy to secure.The interior of the place is decorated modern and has 2 flat screens to watch your fave sporting event. Each table has a grill to cook your food. My Hawaiian waitress was friendly and sweet but for a Korean joint I was disappointed the only banchan you receive is Kim chi. I ordered shrimp with head on and sliced prime rib beef. My order  didn't include miso soup and steamed rice so there was an up charge. I did enjoy the three dipping sauces for the entrees which were ponzu, sweet and a spicy sauce. The beef was tender but it was a only 4 ounces for $11.95 The shrimp was decent but was priced at $5.95 for 4 pcs and were on the small side and I've had fresher.Overall I thought the decor and service was solid, but the food fell short on value and quality and don't think I would return.
5	I haven't been this satisfied with Asian BBQ before!I've been to Sura BBQ and Tofu hut, but they don't even compare to Gangnam. Sura is too pricey and I am a little taken back by how they place the raw meat outside.Anywhoo, Gangnam was a nice alternate to that, since they serve you your food like Tofu Hut. However the quality of the meat is far tastier. Everything that I had was delicious! We ordered the beef belly, BACON WRAPPED SCALLOPS, spicy garlic edamame, fried chicken karrage and the banana tempura with ice cream. This is definitely one of the rare occasions where i can honestly say i loved every bite. The service was phenomenal and we came during happy hour. They also have a Robata special after 10pm, must try!The proportions were excellent and presentation was beautiful. (Especially the beef belly and banana tempura)The exterior of the restaurant does not give it justice to the inside because i was pleasantly surprised by how pretty it was in there, and I did not expect a place like that to be so close to UNLV. The ambiance is appropriate for all types of parties from romantic to large parties. (:I will definitely return & try the whole menu!
5	Omg. The food was delicious! Our group was 4 people.We got the butterfly and firecracker shrimp. Bulgogi bimpap and bbq the following meats: grade a kalbi, kurobuta sausage and shrimp. Most delicious yall! Im coming again tomorrow night. Love how they stay open late and offer delicious food with awesome service. The apple sake was yum as well, just keep it nicely chilled. Going back tomorrow for the lychee sake (:
5	Sooo loved!! From the ambiance to the food..def be back. It had a fun atmosphere/feel to it. Music vids playing while ESPN highlights (for the bf) played! And the food was amazing. Got the paradise meal and it came with everything..appetizers, soup, rice (bulgogie rice was super good), and meats & veggies! Can't wait to go back!!
4	PRO: trendy, clean, excellent quality, bulgogi, bibimbap, udon.CON: no appetizer with meal (typical for Korean)
5	This is the best restaurant! Love the way the waiters and waitresses are so polite and nice. They are truly fantastic! I wish every restaurant was like this. One time I went to a place similar but it gave me a tummy ache but no bathroom accidents here! The end.
5	Don't pay attention to the bad reviews. I suggest you go and take advantage of their happy hour/lunch specials; they have great quality meat. The interior is very clean, roomy, and low-lit (great place for a romantic meal). The tables are clean and it seems like they take real good care of the grills as well.I have never heard of this restaurant since they opened and oh my god... I am so glad now that I have! First of all, as a student, I think the location is great! It is literally across the street from UNLV. On my first visit here (also my first time in an asian bbq style restaurant), I was quite confused with their menu, but my server, a lovely Filipino young lady, was very helpful. She took her time explaining the different combos that they offered. I ended up getting the Meat Lover combo, which came out looking very fresh. What I loved most is that it came with miso soup, a salad, a bowl of sticky rice, and 3 different sauces for my meat. On my second visit, I had the same Filipino server. It was also during their happy hour, so select dishes were up to 50% off. I had the Meat Lover again (I can't help it--I love my meat!).If you are into asian bbq and are near the area, I would highly recommend trying out Gangnam.
3	Coming from an experienced La Korean BBQ vet, it's hard to be compared to anywhere else. Gangnam Asian BBQ is no exception. I ordered the bulgogi bibimbap, and was sadly disappointed with the selection. It was rice and bulgogi....that was it. The waitress came by and she even look as displeased at me. What was surprising was that she didn't do anything about it, which was saddening. I can't say that it was their fault, since that's what I ordered, but if a customer looks dissatisfied it should raise an alarm to do something about it! Learn from this, the restaurant has potential.
5	I used to only go to all you can eat bbq places. However, these days I prefer quality over quantity and Gangnam is just that. I absolutely LOVE this place!! Good vibe, good music, and I like all the Kpop music videos they play on the screen. I like how they treat you as you are walking in and very friendly servers! Hint: Happy hour specials!! Seems like the owner is re-inventing the menu every so often for the better!
4	We came on a Saturday night and the restaurant was not busy at all. It has a cute asian decor and very nice ambiance. Patrick the server came and acknowledged us and seat us right away. Since nobody was there at that time he let us chose our own table. He was very friendly and answered all our questions about the menu. He recommended the bulgogi bibimbap to my husband and it was so good! I had the beef kalbi and beef belly. Loved the kalbi but not the belly. After dinner we had dessert. I ordered the friend banana tempura with strawberry ice cream and Man oh Man! Their banana tempura is the best of its kind! Better than PF Changs banana spring rolls. It's worth every calories! I'll probably come back just to order this. :)
4	First time I came here was with my cousin, and then they already got me hooked on their happy hour menu. Then just yesterday me and my boyfriend came in and we found out happy hour is all day PLUS buy one get one free beer?! Hell yeahhh! (:We ordered the: salmon carpaccio, korean kalbi, karage, calamari. I highly recommend all of them. Owner is nice, server was nice and atmosphere was pretty upbeat. Definitely worth the 30 min drive from my house even tho I have a korean bbq 5mins away. my new favorite korean bbq
4	So Gangnam Asian BBQ Dining has been opened for awhile, but I only just noticed it very recently.  It is a Japanese and Korean DIY BBQ restaurant, where you can order items a la carte or from one of their many preset combinations.  It is a similar concept to Yagu (on the West side) and many other J or KBBQ restaurants in California.Based on reading the past reviews (very helpful in convincing me to drive to this side of town for just a meal and go then back) and the photos posted for this business and comparing it to my first hand experience here, I can deduced that the restaurant has experimented with various promotions before settling on their current all day Happy Hour promotion.  Gone are their lunch special menu or previous versions of their HH menu.  Now you get 1/2 off selected beverage items and discounted menu items.The food I was served was good and tasted even better when cooked properly and to the exact doneness that I want.  And since it was not AYCE, I did not felt subconsciously compelled to overindulge during the meal with the final destination dangerously close to meat coma station.  Price was reasonable, not cheap when you add everything up, but you get good quality for the price.The server was very friendly and helpful, as was the owner or the restaurant manager/model (yeah, she definitely exudes the essence of Gangnam style). The restaurant itself looks very nice (posh with well executed design and decoration).Suggested party size for dining here is up to 4 per table, as you have to share the grill built into the table.  Don't wear anything that you don't want smelling like it was generously sprayed with the delicious smell of sweet BBQ smoke after you leave or have a change of cloth for going back to work. Best time to come is after work so you can take advantage of their HH drink specials without having to feel like an alcoholic for the 2nd part of your work day.Bulgogi, Korean Prime Short Rib and the Kurobuta (Japanese Pork) Sausage was what I ordered to be grilled and is what I would recommend to others trying out this restaurant.  No free banchan here, but you can order their Kimchee and Pickles (both are $0.00) to compliment your meal.Solid 4 stars experience based on the service, food, atmosphere and price to value.
5	Food was awesome, service was very attentive! Great late night dining spot too.  Get the Kobe beef!
5	This review is too long over due, this restaurant is how do you say Awesome!!! from the time you walk in and is greeted by the hostess which is a good looking, sexy , hot Filipino lady, the second thing that came to my mind was order your food,the Interior and ambiance was definitely up to par,there is a flat screen TV that was showing Asian news and a large projection screen  TV that was showing a Asian dance videos, teppan style tables,also a sushi bar area in the rear,you can have your photo taken and place on the wall with the others 50 plus there.I had the make your own lunch set, fire cracker chicken, spicy cucumber, chicken basil, rice, and miso soup,the food was season very well and delicious,buy one beer or sake you get one free (Sapporo, Asahi, Hite, Soju, Sake..cold or hot) happy hour is all day long the menu has a lot of tasty Item to offer,Hard Rock Hotel to the west and UNLV is the the east......Recommended.
4	Great service and food. They were nice enough to cook up my barbecue as I multi-tasked with studying for an exam. Everything I ordered was wonderful. The scallops wrapped with bacon, the Kobe sliced beef and the fried pot-stickers and brown rice option were the best. I flavor was great and so was the atmosphere.  I plan to return.
4	Japanese style BBQ but I enjoyed they serve free Kimchee that taste was great.
4	We went off the strip for our final meal before leaving Las Vegas on Thanksgiving weekend.  This Korean BBQ restaurant is on Paradise Road just behind the northern strip hotels.  Although the strip mall it is located in seemed busy, the restaurant itself was pretty vacant for a Sunday night at 6:30PM.  They gave us a menu with "happy hour" pricing on most of the food packages, which I'm not sure if that is given at all times or not.Anyway, 4 stars.  The decor is really nice, the service is very attentive, the food was great.  They bring all the food to you. The Miso Soup was delicious. The meats were brought to our table, and they ask if you want assistance in cooking them at your table; however, we declined and cooked them ourselves.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Minus one star for one reason only.  I thought the prices were a bit high with the "happy hour" pricing.  If the prices are truly higher during peak hours, I would definitely not come back.  At the "happy hour" prices, I would consider a return, although it is still a bit expensive for what it is.
2	This place was a real let down.  I had dinner here with a couple friends and we were all of a similar opinion.  First off the prices are a bit over inflated as is evident by the constant "sale" prices on the menu, everything is apparently half off and it still is not worth it.  We ordered a combination that allowed us to try just about everything they had on the menu.  The only items that I would have given more than two stars were the bulgogi and some fried chicken bites in a spicy sauce.  The scallops we ordered were not cooked properly (almost raw) and had a bit of funky fishy taste to them (in an old scallop way).  The service was very poor and quite slow.  When we brought the quality of the scallops to our server's attention, he commented "well, that just how they are here."As someone who enjoys good Korean BBQ, I had high hopes for this restaurant, but it simply failed to impress and for the money you would be much happier going somewhere else, like Honey Pig.
4	A really cool, modern, comfortable BBQ Place!I would give this place a 5 star, if their banchan selection was more extensive.  However, for the location, the food and the service, I will definitely be coming to this place, again and again...A.  Location - Harmon, Swenson, Paradise.  There is a small strip mall there that has plenty of food choices and this location is perfect for so many.  Right across from Hard Rock....B.  The Service - extremely efficient and pleasant. I came here for lunch and while it was not terribly busy, the server was just right in being very efficient, always there when you wanted her, very nice and top notch.C.  The Menu - Loved the menu.  The cuts here are smaller in size and also more reasonable in portion and pricing. You can order a huge variety of different meats, seafood and veggies all ranging in prices form 3.00 to 12.00 per plate.  I loved the mix and match. IF I brought my glasses and had more time, I would have done this.  Instead, I turned over the menu to the combo page and pre-ordered one of the combos to make it easier for me.D.  The Food- a.  Miso Soup - OK, so we are in a Korean restaurant and they serve Miso soup. I find that odd, and at same time I really cannot complain since it was tasty.  However, when I am eating BBQ, I like the real basic soup that is plain and simple.b.  The meats - Chicken Tender Cheese Fondue -   OK, I am not a huge non traditional foodie, but man, this was really cool and tasty.Bulgogi - Wow was that really fast and the sauce was PERFECT.Filet Mignon - So tender and juicy...Shrimp Garlic - Would have preferred Shrimp PRAWN, but these tiny morsels were okay.Harami Miso - Man was this steak just right. Never had it before and I really enjoyed it.Assorted Veggies - Cool. Normal stuff. but those corn on the cob were awesome.c.The appetizers - Again, miso soup, rice, salad and some kind of cream cheese wonton thing.  Different, okay. I prefer banchan.E.  Come back factor - This is one cool place, the food is good, the portions are manageable so you can try different things for sure.  For business lunch, hanging out, this is a really nice restaurant and I do plan to come back.  If I am focused only on the bbq, I may try Tofu Hut or other places DJK, but I really enjoyed this Gangnam BBQ.GK says, check it out.
4	So I meet up the homie Mike C. at this place. Been wanting to try it for a minute now. It's eveningish and not busy at all.  It has a nice, dark, and clean ambiance. I'm not too sure on the dynamics of this establishment. We were the ones manning the grill, which I had no problem with. I've had places where an angry looking Korean lady snatches the tongs away and takes over. It wasn't the usual AYCE but I'll still pho'ks with it. The dishes we sampled was the carpaccio, pork belly, brisket, filet mignon, and prime kalbi.I saw on Yelp that this place had beef carpaccio. Ever since Woonam Jung stopped serving carpaccio, I've been looking for another joint to replace that empty spot in my heart. Gangnam's carpaccio wasn't as extravagant as Woonam's, but just as good. Served on an oily sauce and some greens on top. Simple and delicious. This was my favorite during the feeding.The pork belly and brisket. What can you say? It's always good. There is nothing special about these other than the pork belly being thick. Dip them things in the sesame -salt & pepper concoction and you got a happy customer. ALRIGHTY THEN!  Now to the beef. The filet mignon was good and tender. We cooked it quickly to a nice medium rare. It was perfect! Again, I'm glad we were manning the grill. These could have easily been over cooked and ruined. We actually got another order of the filet mignon. The server finally brings in the prime kalbi. He says that this is their signature dish. It was very tender and sweet, but it didn't leave an everlasting impression with my palate. Would I still pho'ks with it?  Sure. The first four orders is a definate though. So in the end, the crack that will have me on the come back is the carpaccio and the filet mignon. WINNER!Yay!, I'm a fan!!!
4	Place is pretty hip. It is a KBQQ joint, and they sell their meats tapas style. I'd suggest to order their korean prime kalbi, brisket, premium beef tongue, kobe style beef, spicy pork, and their filet mignon for meats. They also offer happy hour in which some of the dishes come at a discount that ranges from $2.95-9.95 per tapa order depending on the meats. Mixxed veggies are a good choice for sides, kimchee, japanese pepper, mushroom, and asparagus. The stuff with the cheese sides aren't really worth it. I wasn't too fond of the whole cheese dipping thing, and didn't end up using it. For the combos, the first time we came, we ordered the Paradise combo. It says it's good for two people, but we split this with a family of four. We don't eat a lot, but it was still enough to fill us up! Well, we also ordered calamari (which was also good! especially their sauce!) and their fried dumplings (beware. it's really spicy).This place is pretty hip, they also have a nice private room for a big party. They feature this big projector screen that plays a mixture of popular music videos from here and Korea. The Korean music videos are so fun to watch even if I don't understand the language. It's a good way to help the time pass. It's a fun hip place to go to, but every time I go it's barely full. Maybe one or two areas are taken.
5	Easy, fun and fabulous atmosphere. Great for a date night, working lunch or with the kids!!Pick your meat and veggies and they arrive raw. You cook them on your table top grill. Fun way to get the kids cooking. And the prices are Great!!Ill be back for sure. Good music as well as a tv playing sports!! Great selection of sake too!!
5	my girl had to work NYE and we wanted to have a nice meal close to the Strip, but not too close.  a quick search on Yelp and decided on Gangnam.Great decision Yelpers!  you can order everything a la carte or order one of their combo specials for two.  We did the Paradise A combo ($56 for two ppl).  our server said it was the most popular choice.there was easily enough food for 3 people!  everything was tasty!  Five starters and five dishes to BBQ. I especially liked the spicy dumplings from the starters, and all the meat was top quality.Service was very helpful and attentive, without being annoying.  Great place for date night (slightly romantic, but more hip and cool).  we will definitely be back!!
3	Had dinner here last night. Not really the authentic Korean barbecue that I was expecting. We had one of their popular combination specials. Meat was good, but Kimchee wasn't too good.  Service was pretty good with an easy location to find. Next time I'll try one of the other barbecue places.
5	Came here with my brothers and sister-in-law during a trip to vegas, and was more than impressed. We had our own private room in the back (even though we were just a party of 5) and the waitress was very attentive, and explained the menu well. The paradise A combo i split with my brother, and we got more than enough food for even 3 people.  The Harami Miso, prime kalbi, and calimari were all top notch. The meat and veggies were brought out quickly and you could cook them to whatever liking you choose. I'd come back here on future vegas trips.
3	I came to this restaurant for the simple reason that I had to get out of the hard rock hotel. This was right across the street and I figured anything was better than spending more time at the smoky trashy hotel that was trying too hard.My first reaction upon seeing the menu was to be a bit taken aback by the printed discount signs on the menu. Made me think of "regular price 9.95 but just for you it's 7,50--- maybe because the food is old or no one wants to go there."I worried too much. The food was reasonably good. Tasty Korean BBQ at an affordable price. Service was pretty indifferent. "Yes we have a smaller table but it isn't set up: why don't you sit at the bar."  And I had to wait for a fair amount of time before getting any attention to place my order. The indifferent service might account for my bulgogi being a bit on the cold side. But the food did taste good and was a good value for the money.I
4	A great new hidden find in vegas! Their lunch happy hour is amazing prices and food is actually better than most in china town. Dynamite shrimp is a hit!
5	I am so happy this gem is not on the strip, could you imagine how over priced it would be? Came here on a Saturday night for a 7PM dinner, and the place was dead. But that was okay because my party had an entire back room to ourselves.The service was stellar, and i'm sure most readers understand the premise of the place. You get a lot of pre-marinated meats/veggies/etc brought out to you and you cook it yourself on the mini-grill. It's so easy a 7 year old could do it (or my older brother who hardly gets credit for cracking an egg).I recommend you get one of the pre-designed samplers. We opted for The paradise A  and we got more than enough food for two.  The Harami Miso, prime kalbi, and calimari were all yummy.I would recommend this to anyone who is staying in Las Vegas. It is located right across the street from the Hard Rock Casino, but worth the cab ride if you are staying on the strip and to lazy to walk.
4	My first experience with Korean BBQ. I was a bit intimidated at first. The place was busy and my rookie flag was flapping wildly. I was able to get through the ordering process with the help of a super friendly waitress that set me at ease from word go.  Happy hour prices made my experience even more palatable.
4	I really enjoy this place and used to go every Tuesday for lunch. The servers are great and friendly and they are very attentive.  I love the calamari here it always is crispy, flavorful,  and doesn't have too much batter.
4	Open late and away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Two thumbs up for late night happy hour. Lots of choices & really good quality meat. They also have soup, bibimbap, appetizer, and vegetable choices. Try: Meat items: harami miso, rib eye, beef bulgogi, spicy pork, toro beef, & bacon wrapped scallops! Appetizers: poke, spicy tuna kimbapThe servers are all really friendly & accommodating. We were the only party there around 11pm but it worked out since our party had 15 people.
5	The service is really great! Great for late night groups to have a few drinks and good Asian BBQ.  The price is very reasonable. You can come dressed up on a date or totally casual. I recommend this place for people that wanna have a nice chill spot to eat good Asian BBQ.
5	It's not your typical Korean restaurant, meaning it doesn't have the all you can eat Korean BBQ. But if you're looking for quality cut meats this is a great place to dine. Been here already multiple times and still haven't tried all their dishes. Hospitality is really nice and the set up of the place has a relaxing ambience.
4	I love this place.They have the best bibimpap. It is huge and delicious! They have great appetizers.The servers are nice.They have some BBQ meats a la carte.I tend to find something I love at a place and always get it over and over again.It's the bibimpap here.If I want some pork belly and NOT AYCE KBBQ then this is where I come.
4	This is PERFECT for all of you that do not want AYCE KBBQ. There aren't many of you, but if you're like, who really can't eat all that much in one sitting, it's excellent. Come during happy hour (1130am-5pm and then again after 10pm) and it'll be better bang for your buck.We didn't eat much and was still really content and full (for me, at least). We only got short ribs, which they do remove the bones for you so it's just all meat. Then, we got beef brisket, which is pretty typical, as well as 2 orders of pork belly. I'm sad no tripe but I'll live. There are a lot of other things on the menu but I'm not a fan of marinated meat at KBBQs.During my second visit, I got pork cheek, which was my first time eating it so I'm not sure how I feel about it yet... I wouldn't say everything is awesome-tasting but it's not too bad.They've got a small selection of desserts but we only got ice cream ($1.95). Flavors: vanilla, green tea, and strawberry. It's a good portion size.I doubt I'll come when it's not happy hour so there you go. But if you're in the area during happy hour, why not?
4	Great deal for Happy Hour ! Discounted prices for appetizers and meats. Its like $3 for an order of pork belly or beef toro (brisket). Came here for "dinner" before an event i had to go to, with a friend. She had been here before and was on the way, so had me order (before it hit the end of Happy Hour time). She liked the Pork Belly and Pork Toro. Service by this young korean waitress was superb. Very friendly and funny. We had ordered 3 pork belly, 1 pork toro, 2 toro beef, and 1 prime kalbi. The pork toro (pork cheek) isn't discounted. - $5.95 - As the "toro" name suggests, it is highly marbleized with some thick areas of fat on the edges. This isn't the first time i've had pork cheek (similar to pork neck meat as well). When cooked properly, and a good quality meat, it should have a super tender texture, and "crispy". Not like a hard crispy but like crisp to bite through. I cooked it in a way where it seared the fat giving it a nice crisp in the fat. The pork toro is NOT marinated or seasoned in any way. Quality, to me, seems not up to what i had imagined. Overall still not bad, but could be better. But pork cheek/neck meat is quite expensive. somewhere along $10-15/lb, wholesale. X_x Prime kalbi - $8.45 - quality wise, wasnt that good either. For them to put the "prime" name, id expect a high quality cut of meat, flavorful and tender. Not to the point of aged meats, but you know what i mean. The prime kalbi is seasoned with some slight marinade topped with some finely minced garlic? Pieces are a fair thickness. Cooks nicely. Not as tender as i hoped, nor was it as marbleized as i have had this cut in other places. Toro Beef - $3.45 - otherwise quoted as "Beef Brisket". By no means it is the Toro i was thinking of. It is straight up brisket, similar to that of what you get any where else. Misleading name, but i guess it was my fault for believing it may be more towards to the Toro name vs the quoted brisket name. Thin slices of meat. Cooks fast. Simple as that. Pork belly - $2.95 - surprisingly, this was probably the best of the 4 items we had ordered. Even compared to the pork toro or prime kalbi. sad but surprising. Lol. Simple pork belly cuts. Overall, not bad experience. Priced fair during happy hour. Pretty sure i wouldn't be ordering the meats not during happy hour though. Nice place to try if you are in the area. They have a lot of appetizers discounted during Happy Hour as well. Didn't try any though.
4	Whenever I'm in a big enough city, I start craving Korean food.  The GF had heard from some other folks that we should go to Sura, which we had gone to a few weeks earlier.  Sura was fine, but not good/great.I had flown into Vegas, and per a mutual agreement, had not made any special Valentine's Day plans.  We ended up here for dinner, and there were probably 3 or 4 open tables.  We were quickly seated in the modern looking space.The menu was interesting - they had the standard combo items, where you get a mix of meat and sides, but apparently when we were there it was happy hour, and they had items that were priced in the $3 to $8 so that you'd order a serving of beef toro, spicy pork, sides, etc  - almost felt like a tapas place, though obviously meat heavy.Quality of the meat seemed a little better than Sura.  We were a little surprised that the kalbi/short-ribs had the bones removed, but that was fine.  All the meat and sides we had were good, and the gas grill worked fine.  I was also glad to see that they had spicy cucumber as a side, which is one of my favorite forms of kimchi.The small plate style of ordering probably kept us from over-eating as much as an AYCE joint, but I was feeling nearly as full.The one miss we had was that we had ordered white rice, but it didn't come out till we were almost done (which had included a second round of ordering).  I had asked about it earlier to one of the staff, and they nodded, and wandered away like they were on it, but didn't bring out any rice.  My guess is that they had gotten slammed at some point, and ran out of rice, so they had to make more, but that's only a guess.  No one said anything, and when they did bring out the rice near the end of the meal.Overall, our damage with tip was an even $50, which was considerably less than the $72 we had spent at Sura, and I left feeling more satisfied with my meal.
4	Traditional Bibimbap is quite delicious.  Service was great too. If you want something off the strip that is worth checking out, I'd recommend this
5	This place does happy hour on food 7 days a week! Til 5pm then 10-2am.  Really yummy, clean and nice. I don't feel uncomfortable for being a white girl at Korean BBQ like I do at other joints in town. Really friendly guy waiter every time I come here late night. Sapporo on draft too!
4	went here last night after the fiance got in and it was pretty good. I was surprised though that our bill still came out to $50. I thought everything had a lot of taste and the staff was very nice. We got the following:House salad - good size for the priceSquid - about 5 pieces for $6 but it was goodKalbi - We got hte $8 kalbi meat which was like 6 small pieces so i felt that could have been a bit bigger cutsBi Bim Bap - $10 - big portion and bf said it was goodAlso got a couple of veggies - mushroom melody and peppers - both were good as well. overall not bad if you are not looking for AYCE.
5	Oppa Gangnam Style! Oh, wait! that's PSY's line. Actually, Gangnam Asian BBQ Dining is Tapa Style and not all you can eat Korean BBQ, (keep in mind, AYCE KBBQ it's not big in Vegas than it is in Cali). We happened to come here during their Happy Hour menu offerings. So we paid for some of the meat choices at a really good price. For that we ended up doubling are orders of the: Toro Beef, Basil Chicken, Bulgogi Beef, Spicy Pork and Pork Belly. The portions we got were good for a party of three. - Toro Beef: Its marbleized beef brisket and very flavorful. Not as fatty as the ones that you"ll find at cheaper Korean BBQ places. It was my favorite out of our five choices. - Pork Belly: Standard cut pork. Not bad at all, they were seasoned. The quality of the pork was good, and had tastiness to it. - Spicy Pork: Tender cut pork. Smothered in spicy sweet marinade sauce makes this super delicious. - Chicken Tender Basil: Tender white pieces of chicken. With touch of lemon and basil. They were simple but delicious and it accommodated well with my white rice. - Bulgogi Beef: Beef was really tender and marinaded with a lot of flavor, very good! nuff said. The sauces that came with these were: Spicy Soy Sauce, Sweet Soy Sauce and Ponzu Sauce. The Spicy and the Sweet Soy were good. I even combined the sauces and it even adds for more taste to the tip of your tongue. The Ponzu, was the one I enjoyed dipping my meats in. It had that vinegar, sweet flavor to it.Overall meat quality here, Excellent! The five choices we got didn't disappoint. Every meat was tender and easy too eat. Again, they were less fatty. We enjoyed every bite that came out of the mini-grill. We got friendly service here. Our server was very personable, and she turned out to be a cool chick. We even got some Kimchi's on the house. Atmosphere here is modern. There is a big screen TV in one side that would play random upbeat music videos. Also there appears to be space to lounge or dance for the late night vibes. Even though they don't offer all you can eat. They do combinations, but anything extra outside of that, can get pricey. That's why when they offered the Happy Hour menu, we chose meats with deeper discounts and for a party of three the portions were just right, for a tab around $35. Eh, sexy lady...nom,nom,nom,nom...Oppa NomNom Style!
4	Came in on Saturday night and this place was totally empty. I was a party of 1 because I had been desperately craving Korean BBQ. The prices are pretty reasonable, although I know most of you will whine that they aren't AYCE. They have slightly lower prices on certain meats during lunch and happy hour. I started off with the typical pork belly, beef brisket and seaweed salad. I must say the quality of meats is a step above the other AYCE places on Spring Mtn. hence you get what you pay for. Both meats were very delicious and I was still a tad bit hungry so my server recommended to me pork toro. The meat was just okay and I actually prefer the pork belly instead of this, plus it's cheaper too. The service was good for the most part, but since the place was empty, at one point the server and host both disappeared on me, which delayed me from ordering my second round of meat. It wasn't too big a deal because someone eventually appeared again in the dinning room. I live really close to this place and I will probably be coming more often. This is a perfect option if you want Korean BBQ, but your waistline can't afford to do AYCE. Also a nice place for lunch, because if I would of stuck to the beef brisket, pork belly and rice my bill would of been around $10. Can't wait to come back especially since eating here won't break my budget.
5	Wonderful place I have been eating here for about a year love the service wonderfully amazing tasty food
5	Brought my sis and best friend here for the first time, they have never done a Korean BBQ and they loved it!!!  Can't wait to be back!!! So good food service and price! I think it's the only Korean BBQ in vegas I would go to...just right benone the strip!
3	I tried numerous things on the menu and I have several favorites. some are great and some and just okay. Overall, I recommend this place.
4	Wow, these people need to get their butts to the east coast because MAN WILL I MISS THIS.For Asian BBQ, yes, it looks daunting and overpriced when you first look at the menu. 4oz for 7$ is like paying 7$ for nothing. But when you order the combos for 2 people, you're actually getting enough for 3 or 4. Get one of those and a la carte the few selections you really enjoyed and you're bill will be about 100$ total for 6 people! Not bad, right?  When they ask what kind of rice you want - normal or bulgogi mixed - definitely get the bulgogi. That stuff was the bombbbbbbbbbbbbb. Perfectly sweet to go along with the savory meat!
1	Very horrible service. We want add something, call waiter about three times. I'm allergic to onion. Order told him "we every food no onions" but still had Onions inside, The waiter like didn't hear.  We come here for the first time a good time. We order the combo, it's a good deal. This is the second time come here to eat with friends. The same order, of all the food are reduced.The service also very poor. Two waiters in flirting and chating, didn't listen to the guest's calling. Empty plate on the table and no one clean. I never come again.
5	Amazing everything how I've had at friends house's home made! Really nice staff and waitresses,  cool atmosphere.
2	My husband and I decided to go with the Gangnam combo. It was way overpriced! I feel like a fat ass for saying this but it was not enough meat. I'm spoiled by the generous portions from the other KBBQ places I've been to. The vegetables included in the combo were random and awkward too. The combo does not come with your traditional banchan (Korean side dishes). No kimchi, no lettuce, none of the usual Korean sauces for your meat. We did get three sauces-ponzu, glazed sauce, and a somewhat spicy sauce. It wasn't terrible but without my banchan, there was something lacking for sure. Yes, I realize it's not a traditional KBBQ restaurant-some Korean/Japanese BBQ fusion. The service was good though. The restaurant is modern, clean, and trendy but that's not enough for me to come back.
3	I usually cringe at the cost of a restaurant where you cook your own food but Gangnam is surprisingly affordable, especially if you take my advice and order the combos for your group. The menu says they are for 2 people but we had a group of 4 and the combo filled us all.  You can always add one or two items a la carte if you are still hungry.The meat is surprisingly well marbled and tender and fresh.  The sauces are perfect compliments to the meet.I thought the salad was a little bit of an afterthought as it was mostly lettuce but we still ate it.Our favorite was the bulgogi bibambap.The service felt a little off as they had a difficult time understanding and we were very conscious that they were watching us the whole time.  I understand it is your job to clear our table as we finish a plate but there are ways to be less intrusive about it. Also, they were fixing a light in the restaurant while we were all there.  Still, this place is very enjoyable and reasonably priced.
4	Really good Japanese/Korean BBQ fusion. The ambiance is nice and clean with a modern edge, well ventilated tables meant my hair didn't smell like smoke after, and servers are pleasant and eager to please.We did NOT get a combo, but instead ordered a-la-carte, mostly premium meats with a simple bowl of rice, kimchi and pickles. We satisfied our hunger, enjoyed almost every meat dish, and cleansed our pallets with a dessert all for less than the combo price...the difference? We didn't fill-up or waist money on the appetizers (that come with the combos).
5	This is my 3rd time being here and I plan to keep coming back. The meat here is prime, the sake is to die for. And the food is top. The prices are right, and it's fun! You cook it yourself on a BBQ in the middle of your table. I love this place
5	Came in for a late lunch to a fairly quiet restaurant, with only one server who was hustling his few tables and doing an excellent job juggling them. We ordered Bibimbap ($12) and spicy Sukiyaki Noodles ($9), our server tossed the dishes for us on their sizzling hot plates, brought us hot tea and let us eat our enormous portions in quiet recovery (this IS Vegas after all, who isn't having breakfast at early dinner time, and nursing some form of hang over?). As the restaurant got busier, our solo server got some help as a new guy started his shift, and we weren't forgotten in the hustle.The interior of the restaurant is soothing, Asian minimalism, a nice balance between Japanese and Korean stylings, as is the food. I love trying restaurants off the strip in Vegas, as they are SO much better quality and pricing than anything near the touristy parts. Gangnam was so much more appetizing than anything we could have hoped for on a post-EDC weekend  ;DLocated in the corner of a mini-mall, if you love legit, delicious, fine Asian dining, you MUST come here!
5	I just finished eating at this Korean restaurant and it was delicious! The moment I walked in it was very clean and eye opening. It is centrally located so it is perfect for anyone looking for a good BBQ place. Even though there were only two servers tonight they did a pretty good job overall. It started to get packed as the evening went on so I knew that this place was good. I tried a lot of things actually: prime kalbi, bulgogi, pork belly, oysters, miso soup, and even dessert. I wish I could have tried everything but I will save that for the next time I will be there. I even have a feeling that the owner/manager was out and about seating customers, smiling, and making people feel comfortable and right at home. To top it off, they have a projector screen on the wall to provide a little entertainment while you are cooking or enjoying your food. My server, Kristin, was very nice, polite, and outgoing. She really took care of me, always asked if everything was okay, and making sure I was never thirsty. How can you get better than that? I would recommend Gangnam Asian BBQ Dining to anyone who wishes to have great food, great service, and very reasonable prices.
5	I have tried many Korean BBQ places and I have to say this restaurant stands out the most! I have heard so many good things about Gangnam Asian BBQ and finally gave it a try tonight. The ambiance of the interior was really intimate and it was very clean. It really sets the mood for dates or whenever you're in the mood for binge eating KBBQ with your friends, which is what I did. The food was delicious! The meats were served fresh and presented nicely. What came to my surprise was that they served Thai Tea, which made my visit even more satisfying. We ordered the miso soup, pork belly, prime kalbi, bugolgi, the bacon wrapped enoki just to name a few and Yuuum! Belly was satisfied! What adds variety of flavor to your meat is the three different sauces they present you with. There is a vinegar like sauce, a sweet sauce, and a spicy sauce, which really gives you multiple choice on flavorings for your food.Of course trying their desserts was a must so I went for the banana tempura. This was so goood. The banana tempura was served hot off the frying pan and what helped balanced that out was the vanilla ice cream. It was a great ending to my meal. The prices overall are perfect for what they serve you.All in all I have to say my visit was great! The owner even came out and checked on us. He was so friendly and he looked happy to see his customers. I will be coming back for more!
5	When I go to a Korean barbecue place, I always go for all you can eat because I can get most of my money worth. Gangnam isn't all you can eat, but you are still getting your money worth.Atmosphere is that of a high end restaurant. Dimly lit, fancy decorations, expensive looking grills, professional looking servers, & popularly hip music. What caught my attention the most was a projector showing music videos of not only well known recent English music, but they also have popular Korean groups also. I find myself dancing & singing along.The servers are very helpful in recommending what to order. They're able to describe each dish or drink well enough to make a decision. They also give honest opinions on whether one thing is better than another thing.The meats were served looking really fresh & presented really well on a plate. Of all the Korean barbecue places not one where I've seen the meat served already seasoned.Not many Korean barbecue places I know have a Happy Hour or lunch special. This place has pretty good deals on their appetizers & meat. For the money you spend at all you can eat places, you'll have a better experience here compared to any other Korean barbecue place in Vegas. Drinks, meats, food, desserts - you can definitely taste the difference in quality & you can even make others jealous with a picture of a nice presentation too!
5	This place always has good food, and it's a classier place to eat if you're going to be near UNLV. They don't have an AYCE option, but everything is reasonably priced. At a table with four of us in total, we ordered the following:Steamed chili dumplingsPeach saketiniFried meat dumplingsMiso soup        Fried calamari w/spicy sauceFresh oystersPrime kalbi (short rib without bone)Beef Toro (brisket) Kobe style beefSalmon BasilGreen tea cheesecakeYou can also either choose to grill the food yourself or ask your server to have it cooked before bringing it to your table.
5	This isn't your usual Korean BBQ place, no all-you-can-eat here.  But the portions are generous, the staff is courteous, and happy hour just makes everything better!We happened to arrive during their happy hour, and we were greeted promptly.  Clean, classy atmosphere.  The music is a mix of top 40 and big Kpop hits.  Service is prompt and courteous.  Nothing really noteworthy up to this point.Then the food arrives -- everything was well-seasoned and good quality.  The meat we ordered was never chewy, a welcome change from Tofu Hut.  Their prime kalbi was surprisingly marbled, definitely my top pick of the evening, followed by the green tea/mango cheesecake for dessert.If you're looking for tapas-style Korean BBQ, Gangnam certainly makes the grade.
5	Not AYCE?! Meh. I'm over stuffing my face with as much food as possible to make it with my money. I'm glad they didn't have the AYCE option. For the price, which is quite reasonable, the portions are a good size. We had three meat plates (beef toro, pork belly, prime kalbi) and a few sides (oysters, dumplings, calamari, seaweed salad) , shared between three people. I was stuffed! We also ended up getting banana tempura for dessert. All in all, it was a good meal. My least favorite item probably wouldve been the calamari. But there are so many other items to order, it's not a big deal. It wasn't bad, I just have a high expectation for my calamari. As far as service, they were on top of their stuff. Never had to ask for water. They checked on us just enough to not be annoying. We went around 530, and we were the only people there, which worried me a bit. But by the time we left, about hour and a half later, the place was packed. So if you don't want to wait, be sure to go early. All in all, I definitely will be back.
4	I've been there a couple of times and I am truly amazed by the fast service and the quality of the meat.Atmosphere: I love the decor! The big projector screen is perfect for entertainment. I can eat my food while watching and singing along to music videos. The restaurant  looks very clean.Service: the staffs are friendly and courteous. They make sure to constantly refill my glass. My server was Kristin and she was amazing! I didn't know how the menu work the first time I was there and she took the time to explain everything.Food: OHHH MYYY GAWD. no words to describe those succulent  pieces of meat. The only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is solely because it's not an AYCE BBQ :p
4	On a Saturday night, this back of the strip mall restaurant provided an enjoyable time and good food (that you cook at your own pace). The place was 50% full when we went there round 8pm. However, I think this place draws a late crowd as it is open until 2 am. Attractive staff and modern style furnished the space. Be aware when sitting down. Check for water from the exhaust hood above. As Korean BBQ gets hot and the ac runs cold to keep it cool, condensation builds and can drip on to the table or seat. The underside of my shorts got wet when I slid into the bench style seat. (-1 star).This place is good for 2-4, and larger tables of 8 are in the back. Super fast service! Don't be shy to flag the servers down. 3 people ran the front of the house. All 3 were at out table at some point.We ordered a set combination of things and every bit was great. They prepared bibimbap table side and opened our mushroom foil pouch too. The grill didn't get too hot but would try this place in the winter time.The good was of high quality and at some point, thought it may be too much. Food, 4 beers, house sake = $85 before tip. Not bad!
5	Reasonably priced for a non-AYCE dinner. You do still get good portion. Below are the items we've ordered/gotten:Mango Saketini and Peach Saketini - alcoholic drinks, they taste like what their names are: mango and peach. LOL.Appetizers: Steamed DumplingsFried DumplingsMiso SoupSeaweed Salad with shredded radishPost appetizer/pre main course:Fried calamari w/spicy sauceFresh oystersMain course:Prime KalbiBeef ToroKobe Style BeefDesert:Green tea cheesecakeFried Banana with Ice CreamService was good. Checked up on us one in a while to make sure everything was okay. This establishment is near the strip and UNLV. So if you're around the area, a must stop!Would come back here and try out their HH.
5	All around 5 starsService was timely and accommodating. Especially when it came time for the check even with a full dining room. Nothing ruins my meal more than a laggy check. A plus plus. Food is a decent price for the variety and quality of meats, appetizers and sides. No all you can eat. But I definitely left full and satisfied with what I paid for. I feel like you can't go wrong with anything you choose. But something def worth mentioning are the desserts. The green tea cheesecake is fire. I would also suggest getting the yuzu sorbet to accompany it. Haven't been for happy hour yet. But totally seems worth it based on my experience with dinner.
5	First time ever at a Korean restaurant and I was blown away. The BF and I came in during lunch time on a monday. The place was clean, modern, and trendy. We ordered the spicy tuna bimbap, prime kalbi, pork belly, bulgogi, and the brisket. I did not know what the heck the bimbap was when I ordered it but it was damn magic melting in my mouth. There were three dipping sauces presented to you and I was in love with the middle sweet/salty/sesame oil tasting one. IN LOVE! I should have asked for a bucket to go. Everything we had was freaking delightful. The service was awesome as well, she was so patient with us. I wish this place was closer!
4	This is the perfect spot to take friends who are unfamiliar with Korean cuisine.The menu covers appetizers, some fusion (Korean-Japanese) dishes as well as traditional Korean BBQ meats.The restaurant is nice and clean and there is a grill in the center of each table to cook the meat.We had a party of six and two of our guests had no previous Korean dining experience.They liked the fact that we prepared our own food. They even had forks for these poor souls.The outcome was that everyone had a great time and wanted to come back again when we return to Las Vegas for next year's convention.All the items are per portion so I imagine it might take a visit or two to get the quantities right.The server was very friendly and hip and ready to assist all the various levels of guests entering Gangnam.
4	This is a great restaurant. The plates are small but they're supposed to be which makes it easy for sharing. The kalbi and bulgogi were my favorites. Because it's supposed to be a Japanese fusion restaurant they don't offer the type of side dishes traditionally served with Korean BBQ however kimchi and rice are the available upon request. I found this restaurant to be relatively reasonably priced for Las Vegas standards.
4	Oppa..  Every time we come here it is an excellent experience.  The cuts are mastered perfect.  I learned to appreciate tongue here, not talking about making out either.  The pork belly  is fatteningly addicting.  Although theres no AYCE we have tried almost every tier of the menu.  Service is quick and pleasant and really makes dining here enjoyable.  As far as Korean bbq goes they all have the same basic ingredients.  The way it is done here makes us keep returning.  Just the way it is served and the intricacy of the cuts pertaining to the grain of the meat.  Also the Japanese fusion appetizers are good as well.  Sometimes in life you learn quality over quantity.
4	Came in here for lunch on a Tuesday. Was a little worries when I walked in for lack of people but was quickly greeted and sat. This is a very trendy place with good Japanese pop music to go with the theme of this restaurant. I ordered beef with a side of broccoli with the add on soup and salad for lunch. Everything I had was amazing. The beef so tender and steamed broccoli right on the grill was great. Highly recommend this place.  For the excellent service and phenomenal food.  The only reason for not 5 stars is I want to come back for a second visit soon and make sure today wasn't just a fluke. Once I do that I can hopefully upgrade my rating.
5	I came to Gangnam during happy hour and ordered a la carte. At first I thought I was kinda sucky that this was a Korean BBQ place that wasn't AYCE and I thought our bill was gonna end up being really pricey for all the things we ordered (spicy seafood soup w/ tofu, cream cheese wontons, salmon carpaccio, toro beef, and pork belly), and I also thought that I wouldn't leave feeling full. But I was SO wrong. The quality of the meat blows Tofu Hut, Sura, and all those other KBBQ joints out of the water. Yeah, it's a bit pricier, but the quality definitely makes it worth it. The soup was delicious. It came with rice on the side, which I used to eat my meat with. THAT SALMON CARPACCIO THOUGH!! That was probably my favorite thing we ordered that night. I highly recommend giving it a try. Even the cream cheese wontons were really good!The layout and decor of the restaurant has a modern feel to it. They have big booths along the side walls and tables in the middle. They also play American and Korean music videos on the wall. Not to mention the service/servers are beyond excellent. My waitress was attentive, informative, and very friendly.
4	Nice, inexpensive, young Korean BBQ place. They cooked the BBQ in their kitchen for me so that I don't have to bear all the BBQ smell on my clothes. Very nice place.
4	We came here for my lovely gal's birthday dinner and I was overjoyed to learn that the place had a Japanese flair to their menu. And if anyone knows me, they know I have a sick addiction to edamame. Sick. This place didn't make that addiction any better whatsoever with their delicious garlic stuff, but it definitely hit the spot good. And that's just soybeans, I'm not even talking about the awesome meat! We chose the brisket, the filet mignon, the pork belly, just about anything and everything; all were delicious! All decently priced. They give you 3 different sauces to dip your protein in- there's like a ponzu tangy one, a house special one, and a spicier version of the house special- which I preferred- cause I loooove spicy. Only thing that was so-so for me was their steamed egg. It's one of my favorite things to eat when I go out to eat Korean BBQ and I was just a little disappointed considering everything else was so good. But if anything try some of their gyoza. Deeeeee freakin licious! Service was good and the room we got was pretty awesome. I'll be back for sure.
5	Went here last night with my husband for dinner since we haven't had Korean BBQ in a few months and we saw this place had some good ratings. When we walked in we were greeted and seated immediately by the host/server. He was very polite and, thank goodness, spoke really good English! We already looked at some of the stuff on their menu before we got there so we had a pretty good idea of what to order. We ordered a few choice of meats: Bulgogi, flat iron garlic, beef toro, Korean prime rib kalbi, and the Harami Miso. The last two I mentioned were definitely a must have and it's also in the top two of their best sellers. The meat was really great quality and flavor was perfect. They also had three different meat sauces that they provide which is perfect for the other meats that may not already be seasoned. I love the little booths that they had as well. Only thing I probably would improve from this place is to have refillable hot tea and to have the sesame oil with salt side as something already provided for. I've never been to an Asian BBQ place that doesn't already do that so I guess that's why I mentioned that. But other than the last two things, the entire place was awesome and highly recommended. I would go back there again with friends for sure!
4	As usual I discovered this place on the go. Didn't read any reviews but I was looking for some ethnic food and saw the sign. When I pulled up it wasn't quite open for lunch but the people waiting outside said it was well worth the few minute wait for the doors to open.  Once inside, the decor was traditional for Asian cuisine. There was also a projection screen playing a combination of Asian and American pop videos which was pretty amusing.  There was a variety of menus options which was typical for Korean BBQ.  So if you've ever been to one of these places, the food is as good as you cook it.  I was surprised by the edamame...a buttery garlic delight. The green tea cheese cake was much better than expected. The bottom line is that this place is pretty good and I would definitely come here again when in the mood for #cookedbyme cuisine.
5	Outstanding food, service, and value.Our waiter was very helpful He suggested perfect amount and very tasty food.Food was outstanding and plenty.Price was so reasonable.Highly recommended.
1	I came here when they first opened and really liked the place. It was different than your average Korean bbq. But the last couple of time I was here I notice that the meat was not the same. I asked the server and she told me depends on the cut so I payed for the food that I was not happy with. Came back yesterday to give them a yet another chance. Same story the meat is a different cut. She didnt even say sorry didnt ask me if I wanted something else and then decided to ignore me for the rest of the night.Will not return here ever again. I recommend djk much better meat and staff.
2	over all food is mediocre and very over priced. Service was also mediocre at best. They never came around unless we seeked them out even though we had a large group. Meat quality was below average. Meat was very tough to chew. And they charge for each side items. Tvs are also small and it's non HD. Even for Las Vegas standards the meet quality was sub par. Compared to LA/oc, this was a 1 star.
4	Pretty clean Korean BBQ restaurant.Small portion plates but good for the price.  "You want White Lice" (rice) lol
5	Party of 2 on a dinner date visited on a Thursday night, first time we were there and were pleasantly surprised how nice it was.  The booth we had was cozy and our server was excellent at explaining the menu and made sure all our needs were met.  We shared the Paradise combo.  I like that you can get bimbimbap instead of steamed rice.  There was lot of food to split up between us and we left satisfied just like we just had AYCE korean bbq. Everything we tasted was very good and we'll be back again to try another combo because we enjoyed it so much.
5	We went there for dinner and we loved it!The decor inside is simple yet very modern and chic. The server greeted us very professionally with several recommendations.Overall the food tasted very good. The meat was such a prime cut. It was very tender and juicy which is incomparable with AYCE restaurant. Besides the meat I liked Salmon Carpaccio and Bibimbap.We will definitely return if we have another chance to visit Las Vegas.I wish this kind of restaurant in my town(upstate NY).
5	Ordered 2 paradise meals for a group of 6 and had plenty for everyone.  Service was excellent.  Food was fantastic, loved everything.  Needless to say looking forward to coming back and would recommend especially if you are staying at Hard Rock.
5	Awesome, one of the best I've had.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. He really enjoys their bibim bap, and I thought the kimchee bibim bap was good. Not the best ivehad, but very good.The first time we tried Gangnam, we got the Paradise set. They were very accommodating and let us trade out one of the appetizers. We wanted to try a bunch of things, and naturally, we liked some things better than others. We also ordered several things on the side. Needless to say, we had too much food. I'll try to provide some of the highlights aand lowlights. The pork belly was excellent, along with the bacon wrapped enoki. Shrimp, bulgogi, and harami miso were also very good. We really enjoyed the mushrooms and will definitely get larger orders of those next time. Onion and kabocha are some of my favorites so those were good as part of the set. The prime kalbi was alright but we will probably pass next time. The scallop,  which is usually one of my favorites, was good, but a little pricy and most of it got stuck to the BBQ grill. The appetizers were all good, but I didn't really care for the dumplings, probably because I am very selective about my dumplings. The service is very good. The staff keep checking to refill your water or soda and also monitor the grill and change it promptly when necessary. They are extremely friendly and attentive.  I'm actually craving them as I write this now. Overall a great place, it is not all you can eat, so if that is what you're looking for, this place may not be right for you. It is on the pricier side, but I don't mind it too much, and it's a great location near UNLV, so it's convenient for lunch or dinner before or after we work. It's very clean, and the smoke vents are extremely efficient. Good atmosphere and it would be a fun place for groups, too. I saw a private room, so I assume you could have a small party and be more secluded, which would be awesome.
5	Still a five star review, but as others have pointed out, they changed their menu slightly from what is pictured here. The platter I got the last time (and again tonight) is called the Gangnam.  Again, they were willing to substitute the appetizer; we traded the oysters for fried calamari. Ordered 4 extra items: two meats, the beef and enoki,  and the mushroom plate and easily fed three people. My boyfriend, and now our friend, is still raving about the bulgogi bibim bap.
4	Pricey. Meat was all tender and well flavored. Definitely recommend ordering some lettuce to cut some of the meat flavor. Ordered the harami miso, Korean prime kalbi, filet mignon (oh so tender), flat iron garlic, beef toro, enoki with bacon (interesting)Service is kind of slow.
5	This is such an addicting place. I looooove going here, especially for lunch. They have really good deals! I'm one of those girls who can't really eat A LOT so this is the place to go. It's pretty cheap for a la carte especially since I don't eat that much. Their meat is really good quality. Comparing it to other AYCE bbq places is definitely not even close. The week that I found out about this place, I went like 4 times again after that. I wanted to bring everyone to it and show them how good it is! I feel like it's definitely hidden, but it's right next to UNLV so it's convenient when I don't know what to eat, I usually suggest here for a quick lunch.Meat I always order: Bulgolgi, Beef toro, Brisket, and Bacon wrapped Salmon.I always get their steamed egg too. BEST steamed egg I've ever had in my life!Their three different sauces are to die for and they're great! They also give you lemon for your beef tongue! Really tasty!The lunch special comes with rice, miso soup, and salad. The salad is huge! And it's reasonably priced at lunch, so do try to come in for lunch!Their desserts are SO good too! We've had the green tea and vanilla ice cream. Their sundae's come with little pocky sticks too! MM What a great idea!!!I definitely recommend this place if you're trying to find some prime meat!Service is AMAZING. The staff are so friendly and accommodating. Most definitely a 5 star place.
2	I'm a little torn on Gangnam...The restaurant itself is nice, very clean, modern decor... The dining room staff is great...They're competent, courteous, understand the menu...and the restaurant actually used to be quite good!The kitchen, that's another story... like pretty much close to every place in Vegas, they do use illegal labor, and it shows...the quality of some of the dishes reflects the fact that they have unskilled, untrained staff working in the kitchen...and it's really gotten worse over time.It shows when it comes to  factors like the lack of consistency in the preparation of some of the dishes... the fact that the rice isn't even cooked properly most of the time. It's always either been a little over cooked, and in some instances grossly undercooked. I've had fried rice where the meat was too dry and the rice undercooked. Noodles that were too gummy or chewy. At times, the udon had a puke like after taste. Spicy tuna kimbap that was far from fresh...had too much of a fishy flavor and was too heavy on the spicy mayo...Dumplings that were served cold. The bulgogi is sickeningly sweet...Minute quantities of meat in the bibimbap and jap chae... The restaurant doesn't even offer ban chan, but kimchi is available if you ask for it....and even with that, the quality varies significantly between visits.The bento boxes are the best thing offered...but are overpriced at around $16... The skin on the dumplings is too thick...while the Japanese sausage feels out of place. The rice has never been perfectly cooked....Perfect rice is a reasonable expectation of a Korean establishment. The meats included are cut very thin and sometimes come out too dry, although the sauces do save them. The spicy pork is studded with jalapenos... they could have at least used Korean green chilies!As far as the DIY bbq goes...I'm not a fan, I don't like the idea of paying to cook my own food. Maybe I'm spoiled when it comes to Korean food...I admit to having used Korean club rats to have their moms, aunts, grandmas cook for me...and one of my best childhood friends was believe it or not, the son of a North Korean diplomat... And so, my search for bibimbap that's 60% meat, 20% vegetables and 20% rice continues...my quest for the likes of  delicious jae yook bokum ...wanja jeon...galbi jim...gu jeol pan..an dong jim dak... goes on...Will I find it in Vegas? Highly unlikely...
4	Pros:   Easy parking   Good service   Usually no wait   Soju beer and wine   Good meats   Nice smaller portion plates and lesser prices   Nice ventilationCons:   None
3	I love the atmosphere here. The place looks clean too. I like the food, but I definitely had better meat.
2	We got the 2 person bbq meat lover portion for three ppl. We are all girls and it fed us well. But we had to order one more bowl of rice.This place is not like other Korean places in the US or maybe just anywhere I've been. They serve chicken to bbq... I thought it was weird and didn't taste so great. Their slices of meat is not......... great quality. They don't serve side dishes. Everything else you have to pay for like lettuce and other stuff. Usually are Korean places side dishes are a must and have. But this place charges you for everything. the only side dish that came with it was kinchi and spicy pickled radish. Both was nasty, salty and weird.I've had amazing kimchi before and this on was not worth touching.Price st 59.90 ... waste of my money... I could of gotten BOMB Korean bbq with awesome service in chicago for way less.
3	I really wish that Yelp would have the option to rate restaurants with half star. This place is definitely better than average, however, not super great to be four stars. The atmosphere is hip and modern. They play current hits, have big screens and the decor is very nice.In regards to the food, everything was good. The combos are the best way to go. The portion sizes are good for two people and you get to sample several types of meats. The side dishes are not like your typical Korean BBQ which made me a bit disappointed. They serve the combos with rice, miso soup and a plain salad! I really missed my side dishes!!!! GrrrThe service is good and the price is reasonable. If you cannot get to china town, this is a good Korean BBQ for the area!
5	It is not the most super original Korean BBQ, so if you are a purist - remove two stars from my review!Here are the big takeaways:Vs. all other korean BBQ's in Vegas:1 - Gangnam is a lot cheaper (significantly cheaper)2 - Gangnam has a great selection of meat 3 - Gangnam has a great selection of alcohol4 - Gangnam has an incredible selection of interesting vegetables (I love the broccoli and cheese / mushroom medley / edamame / shishito peppers)5 - Gangnam has interesting sauces - hardly ever seen (and I used to live in Flushing, Queens - with 100 Korean BBQ restaurants in New York)6 - Gangnam is open really late at night.  Great drunk food for you drinkers!Bad stuff:1 - Gangnam has really wacky K-pop videos - playing on repeat2 - Gangnam has almost no starters that are typical at most traditional Korean BBQ restaurants3 - Gangnam has very bad parking - it is not their fault. It is just a really busy parking lot.Anyway - it is great.  Well worth it.
1	Not really Korean food! The food is so so! And the price is not cheap! I would not go anymore!
3	A Korean / Japanese barbecue mix. Gangnam is trying to be both, however Korean Influence is stronger - K-pop was constantly streamed through the TVs.Their barbecue items were decent, but when I ordered bulgogi bibimbap for lunch, it didn't come with a bunch of side dishes like most Korean restaurants. None, in fact. That made me feel like they are a cheapskate and the prices started to feel pricier.They should research on what Yagyu offers for lunch... Yagyu is much better in all aspects - food quality, portion and prices. While what Gangnam offers is decent, I fail to find a reason to go back. Also, Gyu-kaku is getting ready for lunch... watch out!
5	We love Korean food and found this great place to enjoy a good korean bbq.  It's a nice restaurant with a bbq in the middle of the table for cooking the meat or you can opt to have them cook it in the kitchen.  Our favorite meats were the Harami Miso, and Spicy pork.  The bibimbap is also delicious although smaller than other korean rest. I've been.  Bulgogi bibimbap was really flavorful too.  Nice atmosphere.
4	Luv'd there food it was fantastic! Just wish it was all u can eat but other than that the service was great & the set up of the restaurant was good too:)) I also like that they're open very late!!!
4	This is a great restaurant to introduce you to Korean Food.The grill in the middle of the table is so much fun to cook with your loved one.  We had the lunch special with the beef, rice and salad and some chilli dumplings with the most amazing dipping sauce.  You get about 3 sauces to dip with and all were very yummy.Christine was our server and she is so sweet and attentive and very genuine, she added to our experience for sure.I would have given the place 5 stars if it had a little more atmosphere.   But given the area I understand why.Highly recommend!!!
