2	It's Taco Bell.... I swear it must be fucking Taco Bell.They have the same purple hours signs with white font, and their chicken burrito looks identical to Taco Bell's Grilled Stuft Burrito. I wonder if their fried chicken is a knock off of KFC as well?
5	Let me start off by saying, THIS WAS THE BEST FAST FOOD EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I am appalled (In a good way). So my mother is always going on and on about "Pollo Campero" and makes it her mission to take me to lunch there today. I've seen this establishment a few times while driving on Thomas Rd but never put much thought into having a meal there.We arrive at "Pollo Campero" and right away the smell makes me savagley hungry. Their menu included many sides from ceaser salads to white rice mixed with black beans. While seeming like a very much Mexican themed restaurant, i was surprised they served "yucca frita" and "platanos fritos" (fried plantanes), which are traditionally found in Central and South American dishes as well as Carribean dishes. Every side dish was nothing like a fast food restaurant, the rice and vegtables tasted just like it was home made (amazing). I must emphasize this again, THE SIDE DISHES ARE RESTAURANT QUALITY. I ordered the "5 Dollar Meal" which includes two pieces of chicken (grilled or fried) and two sides,  and a dinner roll or tortillas. I felt bad about paying so little for such a large and freshly prepared meal. The ceaser salad was half of the plate and so crisp and fresh :)Another thing, I have never been treated so well at a fast food restaurant in my life! Again, I cannot emphasize this enough! The owner even came out and gave us coupons for our next visit after asking us if there was anything they can do for us. The cashier lady walked over to our table to give us crayons and a coloring book for my little nephew. When we left, the entire staff waved goodbye. Now tell me that doesn't sound like a cheesey Pleasantville skit, only it's true!The restaurant was decorated great, with different pictures of landscapes on the wall. The music was of excellent taste as well, mixing different latin music from different regions of Latin American. The restaurant was very clean and organized. I give this restaurant a full 5 stars and recommend everyone to try it out sometime, you will be amazed as well :) I guess this made me officially a "regular".(Quick recommendation: Opt for the grilled chicken, you will never taste chicken the same ever again.. goodness! :) )
5	Pollo Campero was my favorite non-Chinese lunch spot in Shanghai----so imagine my surprise to find a location in a quirky mall in Phoenix. I ordered a chicken sandwich with fries, next time I'll go for something a little more out there. It was quite tasty...this place is definitely worth a repeat.
5	Having grown up in Guatemala, Pollo Campero is one of those places that stays close to your heart. I went to Guatemala this last April and my first stop that day was for some fried chicken and i had it a few times thourghout my two week stay.Last week on my way out to Vegas i stopped for some good 'ol fried chicken and the quality and flavor of the chicken compared to the same chicken back in Guatemala was 10x better. I love this place and will never stop coming here for the most flavorful and crispy and juicy chicken!
5	All about their fried chicken! Went here last Sun on the way back from hiking at Sedona. Hubby ordered the 2 piece fried with Yucca fries & I ordered the 2 piece Grilled Chicken with rice & Plantains. The star was the fried Chicken, but the Yucca fries came close second. The Grilled Chicken was kind of bland in my opinion. Overall their Fried Chicken is worth 5 stars & worth another visit while in town
5	Mmm this place is good they have the best fried chicken.I had mine with beans,tortillas and Cole slaw.I'd choose pollo campero over any other fast food chicken place. You can tell they don't pump their chicken up with additives and broth n whatever else kfc n those other places do.Its the best,they have lots to choose from....even grilled chicken.if you go you'll like it,simple as that.
1	Greasy , Wet , soagy . They were out of chicken, so i got a mixed of what ever they had left.
