5	What an amazing new addition to one of Phoenix's already amazing offerings (DBG).I was lucky enough to partake in the "soft" opening this week at Gertrude's (opening officially tomorrow). First glance the decore is very nice, minimalist, and works very well with the rest of DBG. Sound is absorbed very well, so what looks like would be a very loud restaurant is actually very pleasant. Then when you look further you get a little peak into the kitchen from the dining room and you can see the awesome room they have for the "Chef's table". They even have a very large patio, which I didn't notice 'til our way out, as it was freezing (well for Phx anyway) outside and I wanted nothing to do with the outside that evening. It looks to have seating for upwards of 50 and has great views. Happy hour on the patio anyone?!Being our first time we wanted to make sure to try everything we could:Lamb Stuffed Ravioli - delish! the beans were a bit on the tough side, but might just not be my taste. Breakfast & Brussels - my favorite thing all night. I love brussels sprouts and the preparation of this dish is excellent. Brioch toast with an egg int he middle and a brussels with bacon and caramelized onions salad, i cant wait to have more!Grain salad - quinoawith micro greens and a maple lemon vin dressing. Very tasty, my dad who doesn't like quinoa love it. Braised veggie - Swiss chard with a goat cheese creme, very well doneFingerling Potatoes - triple fried, needed a tad extra salt, but you cant go wrong with these. EntreeSwine - basically pork four ways. I am not a huge pork fan, but all four ways were yummy! Their house made sausage was the best, tons of flavor!Snapper - I have never had snapper before, but it was a yummy light white fish, served with Swiss chard, fingerlings and pancetta, very tasty!Red Chili Short Ribs - my favorit presentation plate of the night, smoky, tender and delish, I will probably get these next time I am in for dinner. DessertMilk & cookies - adorable idea, excellent chocolate milk and three different types of cookies, my dad plate was clean when we were ready to eave so I think he liked it. Dough nuts + Sauce - my choice, very good, warm dough nut holes with three dipping sauces. I wanted the chocolate souffle but it takes 30 minutes to make, so remember to order it early.Everything was great and we had a wonderful time.Note: to get there park by the gardens entrance, go through main gate and you will see the restaurant on the right hand side as you walk in. Enjoy!
5	This place is fantastic. I thought I had their best...then the desserts came. 5 stars all around. Super service too!
4	The place is great in the garden.  A little walk coffee and desert.   Plus the main dishes are very interesting.   Fresh local stuff prepared in a nice tasty way.   The night I was there it was very crowded and the food could have been a little warmer and one person at our tables fish was a little dry but we all said it was a place we are coming back too.   All in all a very trend cool place with good food and interesting people.
5	I had lunch with some co-workers at the recently opened Gertrude's, located inside the Desert Botanical Garden.  I have to say, the food was delicious!  We ordered the hummus as an appetizer, and it had a pleasant kick to it.  But definitely enjoyable.  For my entree, I ordered the salmon salad, and the salmon was surprisingly plentiful.  It was prepared and seasoned just right.  For dessert, our server suggested the chocolate souffle.  He mentioned it when we ordered our entrees since it does take 20 minutes to make.  I thought this was helpful of him since it allowed us to enjoy dessert immediately after our meals.  The dessert was fabulous.  No other word for it.  A chocolate lover's dream come true.Overall, I enjoyed the food and service tremendously, and I plan to come back to sample other dishes (as they all sounded great).  I hope this restaurant does well because not only is the food good, but it allows you a breath-taking view of the Garden.  Definitely a local gem.
5	Went back with a friend yesterday.  The smoked swine sandwich was seriously incredible.  Sit outside if the weather permits.  With the gorgeous view and delicious food, it's a special treat. :)
5	I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of Gertrude's. Tonight, I was able to stop in for after-work wine and apps and I was not disappointed. The place is lovely - nice outdoor patio and great art on the walls. We ordered three appetizers; carpacio, stuffed dates and brussel sprouts. While clearly not a full meal, this was a great way to try out the restaurant. The dates were AMAZING. The setting is superb. I'm going back on the weekend for breakfast.
5	Simply delightful. Great menu, drinks and atmosphere.
5	A bright bloom in a beautiful garden.Gertrude's was amazing.  My wife and I went for lunch and were pleasantly satisfied with the service, food, and the beautiful surroundings.  A tip for those who go, Gertrude's is conveniently located at the Garden Entrance.Gertrude's offered a unique menu with many items to choose from.  We shared the pablano hummus plate that offered delicious pickled veggies to compliment the tasty hummus.  My wife enjoyed the pasta dish and I devoured half of the swine sandwich (the other half was enjoyed the following day at work).  I noticed a pork belly taco, which will be my next choice as there is no doubt we will be returning. I almost forgot to mention the great beer selection, tap and bottle, as well as mixed drinks or whatever you choose from a full bar.  Whether you go for a dinner date, or an afternoon lunch I am sure you will enjoy.  Thank you Gertrude's.
5	Beautiful setting, inventive and delicious food, lovely staff - what more could you ask for? We considered ourselves very lucky to have been directed here during our brief stay in Phoenix.
1	Had lunch at Gertrude's with a party of four.  We waited 20 minutes from the time we ordered our drinks ( not too complicated - 4 margaritas) until the drinks arrived. At that time our server took our food orders.  25 minutes later he came over and told us that due to a computer glitch, our food order did not get entered, but he would process it promptly. Another 25 minutes later, we were served.  We were bored and very hungry by this time.  The server announced that the food order would be discounted 50% because of the wait.  Two of the party were several bites into their hamburgers before they realized they'd been served each other's sandwiches and exchanged dishes.  The server came by when we were about half through eating, and asked how things were.  I said fine, but for a strip of bacon in my sandwich that was raw (truly, it was raw).The server left and had a very visible conference with a woman whom we took to be the manager, during which time they kept looking over at us.  A few minutes later, the woman came over and shoved a plate of crisp bacon onto the table at my left elbow.  She did not introduce herself, but said apparently there was some complaint about the bacon and pointed out that the bacon was served the way most customers want it. Her manner was blunt and rude, without a word of apology for the long wait.  At that point two of our party checked their sandwiches and found their bacon to be cooked, and found it curious, if the prevailing preference is undercooked (raw).I would forgive all and try this place again one day, but for the rudeness of the woman, who was not in any sort of uniform, but appeared to be in charge.
4	Food is 5 stars. I had the "hot mess" and it was terrific. Susan had steak & eggs... not a good choice when there are so many other exciting things on the menu. Only gave 4 stars because Susan's water glass had a milky film inside of it and when it was brought to the waiter's attention he replaced it but didn't seem to think it was a big deal. She also had to ask for a refill on her coffee. Other than that it was very good. The house bloody Mary's are really tasty and only $5.
4	Great, great location but still working out the kinks. As with any new restaurant, my experience was that of an establishment still trying to establish itself. Besides the longer-than-expected wait times for food and food items never arriving, what did end up in front of me was UN-BELIEVABLE! I'm a vegetarian with a long history of being underwhelmed by veggie sandwiches. In fact, you'll rarely catch me ordering one because of the blandness that so often accompanies the traditional "salad-on-a-sandwich" that is usually served to me. I decided to go against my gut and order the veggie sandwich and was so happy I did. What ended up in my belly was the most flavorful, rich sandwich I've ever tasted. It was amazing that they could cram so much flavor into this thing. It was truly amazing. Along with my sandwich I also ordered their Cactus Cooler adult beverage. Absolut Pears, ginger syrup and muddled serrano peppers... yes, peppers! Let me just say, that drink burned so good. All in all I will definitely be back!
4	Hello - we visited a couple weeks ago - place is new this past month - loved eating out in the sunshine on the patio away from traffic.  Being at Desert Botanical Gardens makes it reallly special - nice decor - friendly people and good service.Menu - I had a salmon salad that was very good except for clumps of potato with skins that did not fit.  I would have liked another vegetable or egg.  The potato took away from my salad.Hubby had the veggie sandwich and seemed to like it and ate it all - but his fries were no good - should be sweet potato to go with the whole idea of the place - fresh and organic atmosphere seems to be it for Desert Botanical - not just fries you can get any place - or option for a side salad - I never order fries so I would not get that sandwich.We will go back - love the Gardens and the idea of the Gertrude's up front and open to the public but do feel they really need to be on top of the menu items to keep the locals coming - I have been in the Valley 37 years - we eat out a lot and there are a lot of places to eat that compete with this one.  They have location and decor and patio going for them, now knock me out with the menu.Good luck to them - the concept and location are fab - we will be back and thank you for doing this in south Scottsdale's development area.  We live in Old town and love to eat in our area.Patricia
5	We dined at Gertrude's after a full day of watching a baseball game and exploring the botanical gardens in which Gertrude's is located.  Brand, spanking new, it was a delightful experience, far exceeding our expectations.  We dined al fresco, on the first warm evening in a while. The tree lights and the Chihuly sculptures enhanced the experience.OK... the food, exceptional.  Fresh ingredients (no freezer, no microwave). Wonderful bison carpaccio, whole grain salad, risotto and lambcetta that melted in your mouth.  The bar specializes in gin and there were some signature gin drinks that were creative and tasty.  The bar was a bit slow, but we didn't mind the wait.The servers were knowledgeable, attentive and respected some of our dietary restrictions and went out of their way to make sure the food was safe for my wife.  At the end, the executive chef and the owner paid us a visit and listened carefully to our comments on the experience.  I predict a great future for this dining room.  The chef has a lot of tasty ideas up his sleeve.  Go out of your way and pay them a visit.  Oops, I neglected the deserts, a decadent chocolate cake and semifreddo, and a yummy brown butter apple tart.
4	The food was really superior.  Very fresh and nice tastes due to use of herbs and natural ingredients,instead of the cup of salt  they use in many places here.  The setting is so wonderful as well, at the front of the garden with the tops of the sculptures to look at.  I would have give in five stars but the service was really pretty bad.  The waiter took a long time to get the wine, then when we asked for water, that seemed like a big deal as well.  They really need to put some bread out there as well.  But since the place is new, we'll go back.  I hope the food quality remains and if they get the service together, it willbe one amazing place.
5	The food here was amazing! Daniel our server was awesome, very friendly and informative! The French fries were some of the best fries I've ever had. I can't wait to come back and try more!
4	Very crowded at lunch. Loved the hummus and pickled vegetables and the pea mint salad (very different and interesting combo)
5	Took my parents visiting from out of state. We did a late lunch to avoid the lunch rush. At 12:30 it was packed so at 2pm it had quieted down. My dad had the green chili which he said was good but it had some heat to it.  My mom wanted the pork belly tacos but they had run out of tortillas. The waitress failed to mention this at the very beginning which would have been helpful when we were looking at the menu. My mom ended up getting the hot dog that she said was very good. I had the chicken sandwich that was also very good. We also had the flourless chocolate cake that was divine!!  The gelato was also very good and tasted good with the chocolate cake. You have to order the chocolate cake when you order your food because it takes 30 minutes to make. It was a beautiful day to sit outside and the food was really good. My parents had a great day so I'm giving Gertrude's five stars!
5	"Last of the Summer Wine" -  for anyone who isn't a British comedy fan - this comedy provides the audience with an escape and a relaxed stroll through the green rolling hills near a small English village. Time feels endless; a day never seems to end; and stress just melts away. That is the afternoon I just spent with friends at Gertrude's. But I wasn't in the rolling hills of Britain. I was at the Desert Botanical Gardens and the new restaurant named Gertrude's. I was completely relaxed. There was no rush. My stress had melted with every sip of the Gardenrita (their featured margarita). I felt quiet and peaceful. I was happy just being where I was. We ordered off the Interlude Menu. After a slow "light lunch" of grilled pizza, smothered fries, beet salad, and, of course, the Gardenrita, we were ready for a quiet stroll through the gardens . . . but, wait, perhaps a few more minutes on the patio . . . a cup of coffee would be nice and some ricotta donut holes, with warm hot fudge, lemon curd and strawberry jam, yes, that would be in order. I am a strong believer that you should always finish a "light lunch" with something sweet and a great cup of coffee. We did.What a great way to spend what was probably one of the last cool, breezy days of spring. In the mid-70s. Just enough warm mid-afternoon sun to warm the freckles on my bare arms. Just enough sweet and coffee to warm the cockles of my heart. Our afternoon lunch Interlude was exquisite . . . it was the last of the perfect Spring weather on a patio made for relaxing.
4	Hopped, skipped and jumped into this lovely little gem at the end of a Sergio Mendoza Y La Orkesta concert on March 29, fully expecting to be kicked out. Instead, we were warmly welcomed by clearly exhausted staff. We sat on the patio in the most grand weather with a view of Chihuly's yucca or whatever that tall cacti is off the main entrance/cafe patio. Perfect location. We had to ask for water, flatware, and napkins but it was the 11th hour, and our server, Bradley, was more than accommodating and apologetic. He listened to us whine about our disagreementss on wine, then came back with a winner for both me AND my husband. Our "swine" was served in a jiffy. I didnt think twice after we had consumed it about our earlier disappointment that they had sold out of the "natural chicken" or that the swine wasn't piping hot. I'd say for a 9 p.m. dinner while the cafe was shutting down, it was a charming, and quite, delicious experience. All in all, I would definitely slip onto this patio (albeit at an earlier hour). I'm sure it is then worthy of 5 stars. Side note: I met the owner last night at an event at the Phoenix Art Museum and she is an absolute doll. Can't wait to go back (the avocado gelato is on our bucket list)!
5	You have to love this patio style restaurant that opens to the masterful Desert Botanical Garden.  Ingredients for my lunch were super fresh.  Service is fast.  It's a very popular place, but you can beat the crowd thing by taking a seat at the bar. It's possible to dine here without paying Garden admission, I noticed. I gobbled a blue cheese burger without pausing even once to wonder if watercress stems were hanging out between bites. Yum!
3	I have tried this place twice now and both times the underwhelming service has overshadowed the good food. The overall experience was more ok than a-ok.Let's start with the high points... Both times I went, my guest and I split the beet salad as an appetizer and it was delicious. The beets and greens were fresh, the goat cheese was delicious and the hazelnuts were perfectly toasted. The presentation was a layer over an oversized square plate. Little touches like the nontraditional presentation just go to show the amount of thought and heart put into the restaurant by the chef and team. For an entree I ordered the Hot Mess (chilaquiles) and my guest ordered the chicken sandwich. Both entrees had amazing flavor that didn't come from just dumping salt as other restaurants may try. Not a single negative about the chicken sandwich. The Hot Mess wasn't too hot...barely above room temperature and the layers of corn tortilla were more stale than anything. Would I order it again though? Yes in hopes that the flaws were a fluke. It was that delicious otherwise.My second visit was for lunch and this time we got burgers. We had the Niman Ranch and Bleu Niman burgers. Both were cooked perfectly to order and did not disappoint at all. The fries that came alongside were delicious and perfectly seasoned. This time the food was all at the prefect temperature.Now the service...ugh. Both times I made a reservation on Open Table. Fantastic that Gertrude's offers this! On the first visit (for Sunday brunch) I was told there would be a 20 minute wait when I arrived, so we opted to sit at the bar where there is open seating and we were able to sit immediately. This may have been a mistake. The service was slow and sparse. I don't blame this on poor workers, but on the amount of work that two bartenders had to do to accommodate a bar with easily 12 people sitting there for food and drink service as well as fulfilling the wine/beer/cocktail orders for the restaurant. The bartenders were so busy I almost felt like I was interrupting or disturbing them when I asked for something I needed. On the second visit (for lunch during the week) we were promptly seated with the Open Table reservation. But this time, it took a while to be greeted by our server and for drink orders to be taken. This seemed to be common at the tables around us as well. Service in general was better on the second visit, but still slow and not what one would hope for.Paying the check wasn't a simple task either time. On the first visit, my card was charged for the wrong check, which was actually cheaper than my check. Of course I spoke up and told the bartender. He apologized and said he had to have his manager adjust the transaction. I didn't realize until a couple days later that the original transaction wasn't actually voided, but their drawer was comped. So my debit card was charged for both transactions. When I called back and spoke to a manager, she was apologetic but seemed to have no urgency in correcting the issue. She told me that it would have to wait until later in the day because I called during their lunch rush and she had to attend  to that. Hmmm...you would think this kind of problem might take a little priority. Regardless, the issue was ultimately resolved. On my second visit, I went prepared with cash. When I asked for the check, the server brought the check for the sixtop that was seated 2 tables over. I'm sensing a theme.Overall...I'd say Gertrude's is worth a visit, but be prepared for a few hiccups along the way. Hopefully as they get on their feet things will improve.
3	Gertrude's has a lot of potential, but it just misses the mark for me. It's located in the botanical garden, but you certainly don't need a membership to eat there. It has seating inside, a bar and patio seating. It was incredibly busy when we arrived, so we chose to sit at the bar.I ordered the Niman Ranch Burger with a Big Blue Van Beer. The niman burger, while it was still good, didn't live up to the ingredients. I didn't taste any of the house 1000 dressing and smoked cheddar was nonexistent. But the burger was still a good burger. Meat and the sesame bun were great, it just needed toppings that had flavor.If you're curious what a blueberry beer taste like, then give big blue van a shot. It is sweet, but not overly sweet and quite refreshing for a hot Phoenix day. Service was great. The bartender taking our order was really friendly, offered us recommendations, and we chatted about big blue van beer.Like I said, Gertrude has some real potential.
3	So many good things but some big misses as well. No signs to get to this place so it is hard to find. My mouth was watering when I read the menu on line but got there and they only served a brunch menu on Sunday so very few items on line were available. Beet salad was good and fresh but expensive. We had the burrata with diced strawberries, pink pepper. It was different but good. It didn't come with bread. Had to buy bread separately for $6. I wouldn't return, the price isn't worth it.
5	Love it! This is one of the few places in Phoenix I will eat meat, as it is all organic and local! The food is delicious, and they have some very creative drinks. The service is great.I recommend sitting outside if the weather is good, as you have beautiful views. The interior is also nice, and really open, so you still have some nice views as well.
4	Great atmosphere & nice crew. I started off with the hummus appetizer and wow it looked like a work of art! Tasted even better! Almost devoured the whole thing but then my main course came out. I ordered Gerttrude's Greens and added grilled chicken. Wow, the dressing and the mixed greens all combined with that chicken was awesome. You have to taste it to believe it! The dressing g is not sweet and the chicken was not overwhelming with seasonings it was just perfect. I highly recommend this place to others. If you have more than 4 in your party you may want to sit on their patio for more comfort. The inside dimming room is smaller. ENJOY!
4	Came here for a late lunch with my wife. I ordered the pork belly tacos and she ordered their chicken sandwich. The pork belly tacos were great- flavorful pork belly, crispy and fresh veggies, and tasty sauce with the perfect amount of cotija cheese. The service was pretty average and from the taste of my wife's food that I had, her dish was excellent as well. I won't go out of my way to come here, but next time I visit the gardens I'll be eating here again.
3	Very pretty location inside the Botanical Garden BUT very hard to find - We went for mother's day and we found ourselves very late because the address listed above takes you to the corner of Galvin Pkwy and McDowell Road which is definitely not where the restaurant is... Don't listen to your GPS or iphone! With no signs, and not ever previously having been to the gardens, there was no clear way to get there or know where to park.The interior is simple and casual, but the menu is excellent with very unique, tasty, local dishes! There is a great private room located on the kitchen that is quiet, intimate, and gives you a direct view of all the action in the kitchen which is a really awesome feature.
2	I've heard good things about this place and decided to try it but in my opinion it was overpriced and the food was just okay. I had the Caipirinha Morango cocktail and I was very disappointed the drink was watered down and had one strawberry. My friend ordered the same drink and her's was filled with strawberries. I asked the waiter if I could have more he said yes but forgot and did not return. Overall I was not impressed with the food and service for the price and would not return.
5	Would you believe me if I told you to visit Gertrude's at the Desert Botanical Garden for a taste of the best swine I've had in the Valley? Yes swine...at the Desert Botanical Garden. It doesn't quite make sense right? Well, opposites attract in this case because this swine is divine. The Chef smokes this swine to perfection and each bite is better than the last. I would have never thought walking into Gertrude's that I would be writing this review, but it's true. Get the swine.Ok, I will go a little deeper into this review and digress about the restaurant itself and not just the swine. The patio is adorable and has a nice fountain and garden feel to it. It is the Desert Botanical Garden after all. This is a great restaurant addition to the garden and a perfect spot to dine for lunch or dinner during your visit. However, I think it should be a destination even if you aren't going to the garden, because the swine is that good. The Chef is just incredibly talented with all his food. Who would have thought! The Desert Botanical Gardens! A culinary haven!
2	My co-workers and I recently dined here mid-week during the lunch hour.The overall ambiance of the restaurant (mind you it's too hot to sit outside) was not that impressive.  The inside dining area seemed sterile and only featured a simple succulent plant on each table...nothing ellaborate or inviting.I imagine that sitting outside in the cooler months makes the ambiance...so don't waste your time going when it's hot, as you may think you are sitting in a cafeteria. Unfortunately I was expecting to be impressed with the food as well, especially after reading some reviews.  However, the food fell short of any high expectation I had.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with the triple cooked fries.Unfortunately, the sandwich itself was incredibly greasy and the fries were almost a chewy consistency.  Others in our party ordered the Niman Ranch Burger (complaint of grease and chewy fries), Steak and Fries (steak was overcooked), Salmon salad (no complaints), Green Chili Pork (o.k.).I have since been online to the County site and read the not so flattering inspection reports.  It seems they have a few things to work on.No need for me to go back to Gertrude's...I'm glad I tried it, but once was enough.
2	Thinking about going here for a before-show dinner some evening?  You might want to think again.  Gertrude's is set up as a fine dining restaurant but it falls short in lots of ways.First: ambiance -- Gertrude's is located near the entrance to the Desert Botanical Garden in an area that used to be part of the gift shop.  It still looks like an empty retail space with tables and chairs arranged in rows.  Besides having the warmth of a high school cafeteria, Gertrude's is incredibly noisy.  Strike one.Note: There is also a more inviting outside dining area if the weather is cool enough.  Second: service -- the kitchen is way too slow.  We arrived almost an hour and a half before our show time to find a 1/3-filled restaurant.  Our server asked if we had to get out in time for a show and we told her.  Thirty minutes later our appetizers arrived.  Thirty-five minutes after that I was ready to walk out because there was scarcely time left to eat before our show.  Our server kept telling us just a few more minutes.  In the end we got our main courses barely in time to eat them, and certainly with no time for dessert.  Strike two.Third: food - spotty.  For example, the pork trio had delicious thinly-sliced leg, but the sausage was blank and the pork loin dried out.  The short ribs were blah.  The burrata appetiser was very small for the price, and the bread (you need to order it separately for about $6) was a berry loaf of some kind that didn't work well with anything else we ordered.  That's right - no free bread.  Strike three.Good points:  The price was halfway reasonable for fine dining.  Too bad this wasn't fine dining, which is after all about a total experience and not just the food.  A couple of the items we were served were very tasty.  The Desert Botanical Garden itself is fabulous.  That's about it.  Sorry.
5	Gertrude's was a wonderful unexpected surprise.  Using locally sourced ingredients and with a diverse but limited menu, it is bound to satisfy eclectic tastes.  Staff was very helpful but spread thin, and seating is limited indoors with a lot on the patio for non summer time, I suppose. But all of that is more than counterbalanced with the DELICIOUS food.  Try the corn fritters if they still have them - they are fantastic.
5	I took the hubs and dad here for Father's Day dinner and we truly loved our meal. I had the bloody mary mussels and I honestly could have poured the sauce into a cup to drink every last drop it was so good! Other highlights from our party's order included the BEAUTIFUL beet salad and the short ribs which my dad devoured. The 5th star here goes to service. Our baby was a bit fussy and one of the servers (not ours) came up and said that she would be happy to walk our baby around and entertain her with the toys in the (fabulous!) gift shop while we enjoyed our meal. She said that when she was a young mom a server at a restaurant offered to do the same thing for her so she was paying it forward. So, yes, we basically received free babysitting at this lovely restaurant. Our server was very attentive too, and I want to give him a special shout out for accommodating our martini with blue cheese olive request - since they didn't have pre-made blue cheese olives he used a pastry bag to fill olives with blue cheese himself. My kind of guy!
4	Beautiful, amazing food, priceless location, well educated and friendly servers, and AMAZING cocktail / wine selections. I adore this restaurant. I could go on and gush about it, but it really speaks for itself the first time you go.
5	What a gem! I absolutely love this restaurant!! The menu choices appeal to all age groups and tastes. The food makes your palate do a happy dance and the customer service is what you would expect in a 5 star restaurant. Gertrude's is a casual place with an upscale feel. I recommend it to everyone I know.
2	Ugh, I've kinda been dreading writing this review. I came in here for lunch on a weekday. I used to work in Scottsdale, and my girlfriend worked in Phoenix so this was the place we decided to meet halfway one day. We each brought a friend. First off, the signage isn't so good. This place is in the middle of the botanical gardens and Yelp could only get me so far, and that was to the parking lot. After wondering around a bit we did find the place. The service was just plain slow. They weren't very busy, but the waitress managed to disappear for 20 minutes at a time. My friend and I both got the 3 napkin smoked swine at the waitresses recommendation. Neither one of us were blown away. It was different that I expected for one. I saw a picture on Yelp that was supposed to be that sandwich and what came out was not that. It's an open face sandwich broken into four pieces. So it basically looked like four pieces of bruschetta and then a bowl that took up 1/2 the plate filled with a sauce for dipping. The sauce just didn't have a lot going on in my opinion. It wasn't spicy, it wasn't rich, it wasn't salty, it just lacked identity. The pork itself was smoked to perfection so I will not take that away from them. In the end, I'm guessing they have some great food there, but I missed it on the day I visited and had bad service. Unfortunately, I no longer live in the valley and can't say I will be going back to give it another shot when I visit.
4	Gertrude's is a hidden gem. It is a very small restaurant inside, but if not too hot the patio has plenty of seating. We were there for some drinks and Bloody Mary Mussels. The Mussels were cooked perfectly and the added Bloody Mary sauce was slurp worthy. Looking forward to returning and sampling other items from the menu.
5	Super food and atmosphere. I think you have to pay admission to the botanical garden but it was worth it.
5	This is my second time coming here for breakfast today.  The first time we sat on the patio, but it is a bit warm this time of year for that.  But the patio is great in cooler weather and the location at Desert Botanical Garden is superb.The emphasis is on locally grown fresh ingredients, and the dishes are quite creative and in our experience excellent.  This morning my wife had the pastry special which was a lemon fig scone.  It was very tasty, light and fluffy texture, no crumbs left on the plate.  I had the egg dish special which was a quiche that had quinoa as an ingredient as well as a bean.  It was also excellent.  This is also one of the few places where you can get prickly pear iced tea, which is another great local taste. The prices were moderate, and no more than going to Good Egg for example.  We looked at the dinner menu and will be back for dinner some night as the offerings seem to be unique pairing unusual ingredients.
2	The food was okay, the cocktails were very good, the waitress was terrific,...but the whole experience was overpowered by flies that relentlessly buzzed about our heads and food (I killed two).  it overlooks the botanical gardens but the interior looks like a remodel/re-purpose job that missed the mark.
5	Out of sight!  Amazing food.  Great service and the mimosas were money.  This place is a bit hard to find as it is in the Desert Botanical Gardens.  Kinda hidden.  Something of note, the strawberry atop the mimosa literally smelled like a flower.  Freshest we've ever had!  Highly recommend!
4	Parsnip, asparagus, kale, melon salad w salmon; delicious!  A wonderful treat after a morning walking in the gardens.
4	We ate inside as it was too hot to be outdoors.  The outdoor dining area is probably the most beautiful in the area, but needless to say, you cannot be out there at this time of year. Inside is pretty ordinary, but I understand this as they do a big lunch crowd when the weather gets better.  The place was only about a quarter full which is very sad, as I'll bet the boring chain restaurants were busy.  I don't get the values here, people would rather go to the Cheesecake Factory and eat the same manufacured crap they can get in Des Moines or Cleveland, rather than go to an independent place with genuine local food.  The food here really is really very very good.  Some dishes need a tad bit of work, but this is probably the closest to farm to table the area has.  The waiter was much better than the last visit as well.My only complaint is the menu is hard to read.  The font is small and the print is so light you need a searchlight to read it if you are over 40.  Luckily the waiter gave me a small flashlight,,,I sure hope this place picks up customers as the weather gets better.  It would be a crime to lose it.
5	I can't believe such amazing food comes out of the kitchen at the Desert Botanical Gardens!  This place is great...open with beautiful views of the garden and nicely appointed.  The service was attentive and friendly.  But, the food is what really shines here!  Try the vegetable risotto with a glass of sauvignon blanc...best I have ever tasted!
5	Love, love, love everything except the hostess staff - they are rude.  Food is great, beautiful location, superb decor - even the plates and cutlery are pretty.  Everything I have had here is terrific.  Great soups and coffee.  My three year old loves the macaroni and cheese and desert donuts - go figure.  Can't decide if I want to laugh or cry about all the comments from people who can't find it - really- it's right smack at the entrance to the Desert Botanical Garden - how could you miss it?  There is only one entrance and you can see the umbrellas, lights, people eating and hear all the noise that comes from an open air restaurant.  Really stunned that the location is an issue for anyone.
2	We went to Gertrude's this past week.  The quality of the food was very good but the servings were skimpy to small.  The beet salad was really small and they didn't serve any bread with it at all.  A side of bread was 4 or 6 dollars more.  For a main course course the mahi tacos was 2 small tacos and beans. The waitress was lousy too and never re-filled our water.  The vegetarian main course was good but for 18 dollars was really small.  I left hungry and will never go back
5	This is a wonderful place to enjoy a fabulous meal and experience the beauty of the Desert Botanical Garden--a Phoenix treasure, in my opinion. The menu has much variety and offers many dishes prepared with locally sourced fresh products. The cornmeal calamari appetizer is a creative combination of flavorful breaded calamari, red onion, and sweet peppers on a bed of delicious fresh dressed greens. It was seriously top-shelf, generous in size, and so tasty. The beet salad was another highlight with tender fresh beets, tangy maple vinaigrette, goat cheese, hazelnuts, and excellent garden-fresh lettuces. I ordered the large size and ate every savory bite. Our server was personable and helpful, as was the manager on duty. Since it was a hot day, we ate inside the dining room this time, but very much look forward to visiting again when it's cool enough to eat outside on the lovely patio. I'm excited to return and try something off the appealing cocktail menu and the dessert menu. It looks like they have some nice happy hour deals also. I agree with another reviewer who hopes more diners bypass the local chain restaurants and support fantastic, independent places like Gertrude's where the chefs truly support and source local food providers and businesses in the creation of their dishes.
4	Brussels and Breakfast for lunch. Excellent, but if you are hungry you may want to add something else. We really enjoy Gertrude's and the service is fantastic, especially if you go during non peak times. Nice wine selection, especially on "Wineday Wednesdays." Looking forward to cooler weather to be able to enjoy Gertrude's on the patio.
4	Great location in the botanical garden. Saw someone order the Arizona Benedict and was sold. It was tasty and the chorizo made the dish. However was a little sloppy looking compared to what I saw my neighbor get. My friend ordered the same thing and one of her eggs was over cooked. I would come back though to try the dinner.
1	We went on Saturday morning during the 75th anniversary "free" for everyone day, even though we are garden members.  We sat at the bar, hoping to eat a light breakfast.  We were seated, given a VERY limited menu, given two generous glasses of water and then no one ever came to take our order.  After sitting there for over TEN MINUTES (the restaurant was not crowded), while staff went back and forth in front of us, my husband and I left.  We've been garden members for years and will not go back.  THUMBS DOWN!  Very disappointed.
3	I went to Sunday brunch with my parents at Gertrude's today. We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful scenery. It was little hard to find - it wasn't obvious from the signage that the restaurant was inside the Desert Botanical Garden. It was sunny and I would have liked a little more umbrella coverage so no one in our group had to worry about getting burned.The food was a little too foo-foo for me. (Disclaimer: I have the palette of a 5 year-old so fancy food does not impress or interest me.) I had the American breakfast - poached eggs (cooked to perfection), sausage (very good), fingerling potatoes, and toast. I asked for an English muffin instead of regular bread and was a little miffed they wouldn't make that substitution. My Dad and the eggs benedict and enjoyed it. Mom had the frittata and said it was a bit oily. Our friend had the mahi tacos and really enjoyed them. We topped off the meal by splitting the donut holes. They were delicious. This probably isn't a place I'd seek out again, but I'd be open to returning if someone invited me. I think I'd like to try it at lunch instead of brunch next time.
4	We spent some time around the botanical gardens and decided to end the visit with some wine and an app. Of course this place was the most convenient so we checked it out.The servers are pleasant and the atmosphere is a bit upscale but overall the place is pretty cool.We had a couple glasses of wine with the hummus app. I would say the only downfall was that the veggies they served it with were pickled...the elements on their own were delicious but together it was a bit weird. In my mind, when you have such awesome hummus, you want  to taste that not pickled stuff.Anyway, if we ever go back to the gardens we will go here again because the other items on the menu looked great.
5	Delicious, great service, incredible food.  The dining room is a little noisy, but everything else made up for it!
5	Smothered fries! Yummm! Everything was really well made :)
2	Pretentious, but not because the food or setting is above average. Some of the most plain bland chicken sandwiches and fish tacos I've ever tasted.  It is very bland overpriced medium/small portions. The botanical garden is pretty cool, and this place came highly referred as a romantic great lunch spot, but did not deliver.It is not worth your time, plan on eating somewhere else after. Unless you like bland overpriced food and the convenience of being at the garden already.
2	Ok so I hate to break it to ya yelpers, but this place is really overrated.  My boyfriend and I came here on a busy weekend and waited 15 minutes for a seat (no big deal).  The place is packed full of little old ladies (which makes sense since it is in the botanical garden).  The food certainly fits it's clientele though because it could not have been more bland.My boyfriend got the fish tacos which were tasteless.  For a taco there was not even a hint of spice. The beans were undercooked as well, but they were the only thing on our plates that was hot.  I got the chicken sandwich which really small and a small side of cold chewy fries.The only thing that I do have to say that I really loved was my strawberry basil lemonade which was perfectly fruity and refreshing and made fresh to order.  It almost made me bump my review up to a 3 star, but that's literally the only thing I liked this spot.The service was just okay.  With such a unique menu I would love to have a waitress who explained the more unique dishes and made some recommendations.  Our waitress didn't even tell us the soups of the day.  I'm sorry, but for the price you pay for this food you need someone to help you make good choices and even just check in on you to ask how your meal is tasting.My last thing to note is the price.  Without any alcohol, appetizers, or desserts our meal was over 40 dollars for a bland tiny little lunch.Unless you want to stop here for a drink after a day in the garden I say SKIP IT.
1	Overrated place with subpar service and an inordinate long wait for your food once ordered.  We visited on a busy Sunday at 1:00pm and waited 15 minutes (not bad) for an inside table. However, our waitress was awful and inattentive. Once our salads and burgers were ordered it took over 45 minutes before we received our food.  Food was tasty but a bit pricey.  Further, we twice asked our server for the salt & pepper shakers and finally got her attention after a third time. Wow! At these prices management should retrain the staff, cooks, and the host on better service with speed and proper follow up to make customers feel more important.
2	Meh to the nth degree.  Gorgeous setting in the botanical gardens, but that's just about the only standout feature. Hostess was rude and abrasive to everyone, not just us. The server was friendly enough, but the food was rather slow to come out and it wasn't even a full house. The menu was trying to be inventive and clever, but the dishes fell short. My group ordered the king salmon, which was tiny for $23; the tacos, which lacked zing; the banana French toast, which was just a few pieces of banana bread with strawberry compote across the top; and the hot mess, which was oddly spiced and just not all the exciting. The best food item we had was the doughnuts with the three kinds of dipping sauce. If you have no choice, it's fine, but if you do, go elsewhere for less.
2	The hostess at the front was brash and rude. Very quick witted and seemed frustrated even at us checking in for our reservations. Definitely an attitude there. The wait staff was definitely much more friendly. The food took a long time to bring out. We were surprised at how small the portions were given the prices. I ordered a $25 king salmon and it looked like it had to be a really small square piece (maybe 3 oz or at least it looked like that). The taste? Just meh. I had also shared with my girlfriend a fish taco plate. I thought the fish was ok but again, an expensive dish for what it was for... 2 or 3 tacos with barely anything in it... We had a group with us who had the french toast and the hot mess. No one was impressed. It was all just a typical meh-fest. The only reason why we thought it was a good idea was that it was next to the Botanical Gardens. This place tries hard to impress but in the end, it was just disappointing.
3	The Desert Botanical Garden is beautiful, therefore, the location and ambiance of Gertrude's is wonderful.  I went there for dinner and wouldn't hurry back.  The service was slow and the food was only ok.
4	Had a yummy lunch here after strolling around the gardens. Tried the beet salad with chicken and it was delicious! My 3 year old daughter had the hot dog and fries which she enjoyed. I really wanted to sit outside as it looked really pretty out on the patio but my daughter wanted to sit inside and she was HUNGRY so didn't want to upset her further! It was nice inside also as there is plenty of natural light and you still have views of the patio area. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We will definitely have lunch here again next time we go to the gardens.
5	Gertrude's, at the Desert Botanical Gardens, is a wonderful restaurant, set amid the beautiful desert scenery.  It is located next to the gift shop, near the entrance.  Me and a friend visited Gertrude's on Monday night, while at the gardens to see the new Chihuly sculptures.  The food was fantastic.  Our waitress was wonderful.  We split a bottle of red wine ($30), and each ordered the Green Chile Pork stew ($11).  We split the Salmon salad ($18), and also split the Tequila Citrus Cheesecake ($8).  The prices are mid-range - not too expensive, but not cheap, either.  The food was all very fresh and delicious.  I plan to make Gertrude's a regular stop on my visit to the Gardens.  We had a wonderful time exploring the gardens to see the magnificent Chihuly sculptures - Gertrude's was part of that wonderful experience.
3	We ate lunch.  The food was very good but the portions were a little small. The wait staff was very attentive.  The atmosphere is very lovely especially on the patio.  This would be a good place for a special occasion.  The food is a little over priced for what you get.
4	This is sort of a captive audience restaurant.  If you're making a (half) day of the gardens, it's worth coming here.  There's not a whole lot close by to compete with it.The concept is farm to table, and the items on the menu seemed to follow that trend.  We both wanted to eat light that day, so both got the fish tacos ("locally sourced" Mahi Mahi??).  The flavors were good, but the execution could have been better (one example being the dry/burnt corn tortillas).  And the meal was definitely light--large appetizer portion.  Not all their meals were like that--the Sonoran Dog (with fries) looked fantastic and could feed two people, easily.  I'd recommend having an extended discussion with the waiter on what you want before you order.The ambience was superlative.  We ended up inside, due to the crowds, but the views were fantastic out of large windows.  Just a great space and experience overall.
5	Such an amazing and beautiful place with astonishing art all around.... The food was a bliss and very delicious to the T. Our server was very knowledgeable if the area and very like able...
2	I loved the Garden and I loved all the friendly people who waited on us.   I am sorry but I did not like the food.  I had Natural Chicken which was really a Cornish Hen which I do not like to eat.  It was not tender.  The Mashed ( pureed ) potatoes were good.  I liked the Brussel Sprouts but I like mine a little more cooked.  The coffee was good, the wait time was long.
3	I really want to rate Gertrude's more than 3 stars, but it wasn't as good as I was hoping it would be due to the costs and location. It does have a nice outdoor patio within the Desert Botanical Gardens, with heat lamps if needed. The servers are also friendly, but like to try and pull each plate away pretty quickly, which can make for some awkward moments. I get why, but it just seems unnecessary when the restaurant isn't packed. I ordered the "Gertrude's Greens" which sounded incredible, but lacked in appearance, ingredients, and flavor. It was supposed to have black kale in it, but I didn't see any at all. It was also supposed to have a Honey Lavender Vinaigrette, which I was hoping was going to be bursting with flavor. However, it did nothing of the sort. I'd like to try and make my own and see if I can't inspire more flavor. Good idea though! I also had the fish tacos, which were good, but kind of bland. I had to douse them in Tapatio to add some additional flavor. Although, I will happily mention that I could tell the fish was of good quality and the beans were really good! I was hoping it was just my food choices, but my Mom and others we were with said they had similar experiences with their dishes. I of all people understand that healthy/good quality food doesn't need to be overly seasoned. However, it can be a little seasoned. If not that, it can be accompanied with dipping sauces or salsas. I make lots of super healthy food for myself at home and don't always feel the need to season it, but when I go out and spend decent money on food I expect it to to have flavor. Just a thought!Overall, it's worth coming here for a nice healthy bite when visiting the Gardens. The cocktails looked delicious, as well as the wine and beer options. If I came again, I would probably stick to a drink and an appetizer!Ps - cute furry friends can be seen when dining outside. Definitely a nice addition!
4	For some reason, because we were at the Desert Botanical Gardens, I thought that Gertrudes would have a large assortment of tasty salads. It makes sense right? Gardens bring to mind fresh produce, spice, herbs, and other food varieties of the veggie kind.Well thankfully, the Chihuly exhibit exploration led our group to curiously give this restaurant a try, which brought me face to face with the blue ranch burger. It was love at first sight I tell you. The hunk of high quality well cooked beef, caramelized onions, bacon, freshly sliced tomato, and I think there was some lettuce in there, all tasted wonderfully together. I was so surprised! Even the fries were really good. The fries were thick cut, and you could tell that they were deep fried most likely in special oil because they were full of flavor and took on some of that color, but when you picked up each fry, is was light and perfect in texture, not soggy or oily at all. It was highly deceiving, but relieving eating each fry. The calamari rings were lightly breaded and fried along with complimentary vegetables some of which included onions and peppers. It came with a cream sauce, which I think was an aioli sauce that disappeared very quickly because we enjoyed it so thoroughly between the four of us. Our waiter had enticed most of our party into ordering the marinated grilled chicken sandwich. It uniquely had jicama in it, but it also had the now traditional fare of guacamole in it. This is what made ordering a very tough decision for me, but even though our waiter's favorite dish is the chicken sandwich, I'm partial to my blue cheese burger!Oh and food for thought, no pun intended, we chose to sit outside. Even though it was evening and a bit brisk and chilly outside, it was more peaceful and beautiful outside with the surrounding desert plants and trees. There were plenty of outdoor heaters to keep us comfortable so keep that in mind when you choose seating. It was a bit too noisy indoors and crowded, so it was nice to have the option to enjoy outside during the winter.
4	My family and I had a very nice lunch at Gertrude's. We sat outside and the staff was very accommodating in setting up an umbrella just right to shade out table.I ordered the cheeseburger, done medium well. It was cooked just perfectly - done but not overdone. It was still juicy and flavorful. I loved the dressing that was on it and the bun was fresh. The fries were also very tasty. Some have said the portions are small but that was not the case with the burger. I couldn't finish it and believe me I like to eat.My mom got the chicken sandwich which comes with cole slaw on the burger, which I thought was unusual. But she said the chicken was cooked well and was flavorful.Our server was very nice and attentive. My only complaint (and why I docked a star) was the hostess. There was a wait so I gave her my name. She told me it would be about 15-20 minutes and then asked for my phone number. I asked her if she would text me and she said yes. 25 minutes passed and no text. We were sitting just outside the door so I went in and she said she was waiting for me. I told her I thought she was going to text me. She said only if she could get us in early. I've NEVER had to check back at a restaurant. They always come get you! Especially since we were sitting right there! So I thought that was weird and disappointing that we sat there for more time than we needed to. I guess if I hadn't checked we'd have been sitting even longer! They need a new system. Like maybe the system that every other restaurant on the planet uses.Anyway, I would go back because I liked the food but now I know to be wary of the hostess.
4	Fresh and flavorful with a pretty simple menu.  We went for dinner both ended up ordering a sandwich. I got the veggie ($12) which was packed with fresh vegetables, and some kid of wonderful cheese that brought the whole together. It was very good.  The person I went with got the chicken and bacon sandwich ($14), she said it was very good and that the bacon was cooked to perfection.  The fries were, well... fries. The dinner entrees were pretty pricey, they were $20-30, but it is good fresh food. They also have a good selection of wine and beer with local options for both, but the local options were rather pricey. The wait staff was friendly, attentive and helpful. They made sure we were taken care of with out being too involved which allowed us to converse and enjoy our meal. The atmosphere is casual but nice, makes for a great date place. From there you can go right into the garden and complete a nice trip to the garden.
2	The food was ok and service was not great. When we got there we wanted to sit outside and it was chilly. They didn't offer to move a heater to our table. I ordered the margarita and it was way too sour. Took forever for them to bring us water. They were out of the meal I wanted and only had one left, I let my husband get it. It was the short rib and tasted like beef jerky. Too smokey and chewy. I ordered the sea bass and they brought the wrong dish. I ended up eating the salmon and chowder and it is an odd pairing. Pretty bland. Disappointing meal but I called and the manager offered to comp our next meal.
3	Food is excellent as always. Out of some of the wines too frequently. Ambiance is very good but stop taking my food and drink away until I am done! Seems like they are rushing us out so they can pack more people in. Too bad.
4	A charming setting within the grounds of the DBG.  Lovely outdoor patio, good service, reasonable prices. The menu had some different types of items which were interesting to try. The lamb was great, cooked nicely. Service was good.
3	This is the second time I have been to Gertrude's and this was my experience:1. The service was GREAT. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive but not too much. :)2. The food has good flavor, but the price is way too much for what you get. Ex: my husband got a burger and it was huge and came with fries...so plenty of food. I got the pasta special and it was supposed to be chicken bolongnese and there was NO chicken in it. Only little bits, and for $15 I think it would be good to have a few pieces of chicken.  It was a bit too small as well (and I don't eat much).3. The plates especially for the desserts are super big and the desserts are small so it really looks like you don't get much for $10. It is fine to have a small dessert but it's about the impression of it. 4. The atmosphere is great as well. Love the menu- great ideas, creativity and potential. It's not France though, so for some menu items maybe give a bit more food (or protein).
4	Truth be told, we were so hungry when we got here that it scarcely mattered what we put into our mouths, but this is a great restaurant! We were happy to sit outside; it was a bit chilly for me but it was so beautiful I didn't mind. Service was fast and friendly. We managed to find a fairly high protein, low carb option, and both ordered steak and eggs, which came out perfectly cooked to order. The steak was a lovely little piece of meat, excellently seasoned and plated. It came a with a surprising but beautifully complementary sauce, the name of which I forget, made of bell peppers, and some good fries. The fries were kind of cold, unfortunately, but I don't know if that's because of the ambient air temperature.We had to ask for salt and pepper, which wasn't on the table.
5	Loved our meal here. The only negative thing I have to say is that I was almost too stuffed to order dessert.....but of course, did anyway.The place: crowded on a Saturday at 1:30pm, but with reservations, we were seated immediately. Service was great - attentive and enthusiastic. While there were a lot of people dining, I was glad that our table wasn't on top of another table. The taste: bison carpaccio - a little heat, but not something you find everywhere. delicious. We also had their green chilies pork, and their veggie sandwich. Maybe we enjoyed these more after being out of the country for a week, as we were just in Phoenix on a layover, but I don't think so. Dessert was 5 toasty donut holes, with chocolate sauce, salted caramel, and lime curd. All three delicious. I wish I could have licked the plate. Also, the basil berry lemonade.....yum.My face: Not a cheap place - our lunch set us back about $60, but what a great way to start a trip to the beautiful botanical gardens.If we ever have a layover in Phoenix again....I'd be very tempted to go back.
5	Beautiful space, great service and yummy food!  We went here with a large party after visiting the Botanical Gardens.  Our server, Caleb, was fantastic.  We had 5 small children and he was attentive and helpful.  The food came a little slow because they were busy bit that was the only negative.  I ordered calamari (yummy), beet salad (great to have 2 sizes avail) and the chili (hearty and tasty)!!  Would like to go back on a date with my husband (sans kids) ;).
5	Simply amazing. We tried the Whole Grain salad - fresh and flavorful. Loved the lemon-chile vinaigrette. Chef Stephen even came by our table to answer questions about the dish.  Also the tables outside provide a very pleasant dining environment to enjoy Chef Stephen's yummy creations before you tour the Desert Botanical Garden.
3	I was hoping that when Gertrude's opened it would be a destination in and of itself, but there are much better places and better price points--so it won't be in my rotation.  Would I eat there again if I was at the Garden--yes.  So on to the food and service.  We were a party of 10--and I have to say the service that night was the three little bears--sometime it was too much, sometime not enough and sometime just right and you never knew from moment to moment.  We had the hummus as an appetizer--it was just fine--one person had the mac and cheese--it was just fine, one person had the salmon salad--it was just fine--i had the neiman ranch burger--it was just fine.  There was just nothing that made me want to rush back over--I may use it as a meeting place if someone is coming from the east valley--but it is not someplace that I can't wait to get back to.by the way--one more thing--it is one of those loud restaurants--it was full when we got there and conversation was a challenge.  (We were there on a Saturday night)
5	I have eaten here 5x now with in a 2 month period.  The Bleu Cheese burger and their Ranch Burger are the ABSOLUTE BEST burgers I have ever had in my life!!! ... I was recommended the Salmon Salad if I wanted a hearty but light salad, all I can say is AMAAAZZZINGGGG!!! WOW...and the staFF is wonderful, very gracious and attentive...excellent service and above all a great experience all around...
1	We've been waiting so long for our food that I don't care what it tastes like anymore.
1	Lovely place, fairly good service, but the food for all six of us was NOT good. Four ordered fish tacos made with mahi mahi and two ordered burgers. They substituted shrimp for the fish without asking. The tacos were bland and though attractively presented were not worth eating. The burgers were too dry, even cooked medium, and "tasted strange", according to one diner. I wouldn't return.
2	Unfortunately, not a good experience. We waited for nearly an hour for our orders to come. On arrival, one dinner "Swine" was flat cold, as well as the beans. Suspect it waited for 1/2 hour for our other dishes to be finished. When we called the attention of one of the servers (our server never checked in to see how things were)  the response was lackadaisical at best. The plate was removed, slightly warmed, somehow, subsequently the meat now was twice cooked, and 1/2 the beans were gone...There wasn't a colorful item on the plate...beige, cold. The other meal was ordered as the salmon entree, what arrived was the salmon salad, tasty, but not what was order, and we were charged for the entree, but were too hungry to send it back and unfortunately missed the overcharge. The chicken sandwich was the only correct meal, warm, tasty. We frequent the DBG, have been members for years, but Gertrud's, never again. I'll pick up a Sonic burger next time on they way to the Garden, save a chunk of change, and have a hot meal as ordered.
4	If you're going to the Desert Botanical Garden, you will want to spend a lot of time (especially if you want to see it in daylight as well as seeing the Chihuly glass after dark)....and you will get hungry!   Gertrude's is an excellent, full-service restaurant on the grounds, but if you want to get in at dinnertime, you will need to MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY!!!  We found out the hard way, but the alternative was really nice as well.  We got their box lunches for our dinner.  They weren't cheap ($32.50 for two), but each of us had a delicious and complete meal for that price.  Each box contained a BIG wrap (mine vegetarian), a container of cole slaw (I think there were other choices for side dish), an apple, and a drink.  We ate them on their patio outside on picnic tables.  (Not in the restaurant's outdoor serving area.)
2	Sat for twenty minutes before someone arrived at the table. Service very slow. Meal arrived having sat under a heat lamp. Steak ordered medium rare was now dry and well done. Eggs were dead. Wine list had nice selection.
5	Been here a few times now and am very pleased with not only the food but the service as well ... Great food, staff and surroundings ... The table touch by the manager was a nice touch ... she was very sincere and a delight to chat with.Two thumbs up!!!
3	I regrettably have to say that Gertrude's was underwhelming.  My boyfriend and I were at the Botanical Gardens for a Saturday wine-tasting event and decided to eat here beforehand.  The service was good, and the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  I'd read an article that talked about their Sonoran Dog (a fancy hotdog) and said it was something that you had to eat when in Phoenix.  I disagree.  I was expecting the best hot dog ever, and what I got was something that mostly tasted like the thick bun.  There's so much stuff on it, that the toppings fall off when you try to take a bite, and then the bun is so thick that it overpowers the meat.  When I took a bite of just the dog, it was delicious.  So, I guess I wish that they had a more toned down dog on the menu or that they rethought the bun.  We also ordered the mac and cheese  because I'd overhead someone at the bar remark that it was some of the best that he'd ever had...but I'm not entirely sure that it wasn't the bartender who made that remark.  It was basic mac and cheese with breadcrumbs, and it tasted pretty basic.  There was nothing special about it.  And it was an appetizer portion for $9.  That was the other thing I didn't love about this place--the cost.  We paid $30 before tip for a hot dog, a mac and cheese appetizer, and 2 non-alcoholic drinks.  If the food was better, I would be happy with that price, but, in this case, not so much.  Would I go back if someone else was paying for it?  Sure.  But, on my own dime, next time I'll try to eat before I head to the Gardens.
4	Scenery and service five stars! But the drop in the star is for the food. Food was good but I've had better for the price point.Arizona eggs Benedict were good. Burger meh. Drinks are on the more expensive side. Older crowd is here on Sunday. If you want a unique place to dine try this out. It's located to the right of admissions and you do not need a pass to get in.
5	I went in for a Sunday brunch at about 11:30 am with a few friends. At the most, we waited about 10 minutes to get a table. Which was awesome because we showed up in the middle of Their rush. As we are getting seated on a beautiful patio, with desert flowers and a fountain in the center of the courtyard. I ordered the Brussels and breakfast. A new twist on the classic toad in the stool (hollowed out slice of bread with an egg cooked inside.) Briosh toast, sauteed in more butter, an egg yolk lightly sauteed on the bottom. Served on top was fresh picked Brussels sprout leaves, sauteed in butter with house made bacon lardons, onion jam and banyuls vinegar was used to deglaze the pan. A crispy strip of bacon stuck out of the bread. So freaking money! You don't expect the sweetness of the onion jam and vinegar to go with egg, but they got it down! The serving staff is very informed about the products they use. I'd go back again, probably for dinner this time. See the garden at night.
1	Went with three other couples on February 14th. Absolutely the worst service we as a group EVER experienced. Not only did it take 45 minutes to get a cocktail but the wait staff was both argumentative and rude. At no point did any member of the staff, including the manager, apologize. The food was inconsistent to say the least. One guest ordered a "special cocktail" on your list.....you were out of the main ingredient! on Valentines Day you aren't properly stocked.......ridiculous.Important to know, half of these 8 people have spent their careers in the restaurant industry. We were shocked that you would think you could be successful running a business in this manner.
1	We called multiple times to make a reservation and they never answered the phone. When we finally called the Botanical garden offices they said they never answer. When we got here they told us they couldn't seat us for four hours and we should have called for a reservation.
5	What luck that we were all hungry while we were at the botanical gardens!  Great restaurant. Not the usual junk at tourist attractions. Really eclectic menu and everything was delicious. Full bar too and extensive beer selection.
4	We did not have reservations, but the hostess was quite friendly and reserved a table for us just over 30 minutes of wait time.  We returned in 20 minutes and were seated almost immediately.  We did wait a bit for our server to appear, when he did not, I flagged down a random waitress and asked her if she could get us our server.  She actually said, "Why don't I just get you some water and take your drink orders too...unless you'd like to order as well."  How NICE!  Most places the waitress would simply say that they would try to find someone and drift away.  This friendly, smiling person took our entire order even though we were not in her section.  She returned quickly with our drinks and our waiter as well.  What incredible customer service.  It made our day!The meal and the service were perfect from that point on.  We had the Gorgonzola burger and the chicken sandwich with an ice cold local brew.  Kudos to the management and to that nice waitress (I wish I had her name), but she was short with dark hair put up in a bun.  Thanks!
1	We were so disappointed with the service and food at this place. Although our server was friendly she was very inattentive. After ordering our food, we waited 40 mins for our breakfast and it never arrived.It wasn't busy at all and there was plenty of staff standing around chatting.We asked someone to check on our order and was given a vague response of it will be out soon. 10 mins later still no food, no refills on our drinks. We decided to cut our losses and leave so flagged down someone we think was the manager and explained we wanted to cancel our food order and why. He didn't seem the least bit concern instead was very curt and rude to us about our request and stormed away. No apology or explanation was given to us for why there was such a long delay from this man. We finally were able to get our waitress's attention and told her to cancel our food and we paid for our drinks and left. The waitress did apology for the long wait l but 40 mins for an egg breakfast is a ridiculous wait time when it's not busy in a restaurant. Although the ambiance is great, I don't recommend eating here. Maybe just drinks would be fine.
2	Scenery is beautiful and love the atmosphere with seating on the patio.  Service and food were not what I would consider up to par for a restaurant in this setting and price range.  The dinner menu is limited.  Chicken sandwiches were o.k. but dinner salads (with chicken and salmon) were very bland.  We asked for more dressing and also told our server the nuts listed on the menu were omitted.  The server never came back to ask if we wanted another beverage, water glasses were not refilled.  I will not dine here again.
3	Food was great. Waitstaff seemed disconnected and grumpy. (PS I waited takes for years.) Seemed like it must not be a fun place to work based on the servers / hostess
1	Sometimes it is the little things that finally throw you over the edge.  I have been back to Gertrude's a few times since my first review--I got a membership because I knew I would have lots of opportunities to take folks to the Chuhily exhibit.   As a result because Gertrude's is there I have ended up eating there.  Each time the experience has been impacted either by food that is bland to terrible to service that is so off and on.Today however has given me the resolve to not go back.  Had breakfast there with a friend--ordered hot tea--they had no honey--for me not having honey is like for some folks not being able to drink black coffee.  Okay I get it sometimes you run out of things.  breakfast was two eggs, bacon, one slice of toast and six or seven fingerling potatoes--price point $12--not exactly inexpensive, but i get that the setting is gorgeous--food was okay--neither the best or worst eggs I have ever hadbut here comes the little thing----they charge for jam for your one piece of toast.  they brought two tablespoons in a little bowl and for the privilege of having a little something sweet on your toast, you are charged a $1.50--but it's homemade they said--In theory--I would hope that a restaurant at the level Gertrude's is attempting to be--that everything is homemade.  This charge offended my sensibilities of fairness and reasonableness--it can only be a slippery slope down to charging if you want silverware to eat with.  That's it--I won't be back--for a $12 breakfast, a tablespoon of jam (which is what was used)  should not have a surcharge--I am not sure what the Gertrude's business model is, but I hope there is some planning ahead when there are no longer stunning works of art to  lure people in--I can't imagines locals coming to this restaurant--just because---there are so many other choices--some also with views, who have the sense that good business model for exceptional dining experiences is not to nickle and dime people.
4	Good brunch place but watch out for the mimosa...$10!!
5	This place is great! Everything we ordered was delicious! Must try the Short rib & chicken sandwich. The lemonade is tasty too!
3	Went here on a voucher and although the drinks were great and the wedge salad divine.  The decor was shabby chic but we just didn't feel like we belonged with the urban hipsters of Scottsdale.
3	Had a nice breakfast at Gertrude's before checking out the Chihuly exhibit at the botanical garden. My traveling companion and I like to check out the botanical gardens in the cities we visit, and it was nice to have a breakfast option right there on site.We both had the breakfast sammies, which were good, despite the fact that I don't think anything should be called a 'sammie.' The coffee was strong, and my only complaint was that it didn't get filled very often.We were able to eat on the patio, which was nice since we were visiting the area partially to get away from the cold. It was very comfortable and pretty.
3	Great option for a meal when checking out the botanical gardens.I loved getting to eat outside surrounded by the beautiful scenery. We also had a very friendly waiter, which always makes for a more pleasant experience.We started with an appetizer of Bloody Mary Mussels. They were pretty good and they give you an order of fries with it to sop up the sauce. I ordered the chicken sandwich, which was pretty good. My stepdad got the Mahi Mahi tacos, which looked excellent. My mom had risotto, which I tasted and thought was really good but she didn't love it that much and kept adding seasonings to it to make it more to her liking. Our friend ordered the whole grain salad and seemed to enjoy it. We opted to try two desserts to share. The donuts and sauces and the brown butter apple tart, which had a side of caramel ice cream. I'm not big on either of these desserts normally but the donut was really good and the caramel ice cream was delicious too. I really disliked the apple tart though ( i was alone in that---the rest of the table devoured it but I couldn't take more than 1 bite).
4	We enjoyed our meal here! The ambiance is great, and they even got some heaters going for us when it got a bit chilly.The food was good as well - we had the salmon dish as well as the blue cheese burger. We also had the donuts for desert (yum!). We would probably return, but the prices are a bit expensive for the portion sizes. We were full at the end, but we didn't get to take home any leftovers!
2	Very overrated, slow service, tiny portions. I rarely leave a restaurant hungry but definitely did here. I will not be coming back
4	Best eggs Benedict ever, although non - traditional. Great quiche but a puny slice. Great fritata, too. Leisurely service.
1	It was my first time to Gertrude's and I was very excited to try the food and experience the botanical garden. When I arrived, we were told they could seat us right away but we had to give up our table in an hour. I've never been to any restaurant where I have been told I had to give up my table. After they sat us, it took them over 10 minutes to offer us drinks and they were not that busy at this point. I am in my 20's and it is clear we were given a different level of service. The food was great but I was so turned off by the service that I don't plan on returning.
3	I went to Gertrude's for breakfast for my birthday on Sunday. The surroundings are beautiful (the botanical garden). The husband and I sat on the patio and it was a nice morning. The food was nothing special, I had the highly recommended hot mess... it was alright, but not worth the hefty price tag. The husband got the chicken sandwich, which, again, was nothing special, and cost a lot of money. It wasn't bad, and the service was decent, but it was nothing worth raving over and I don't think I would go back.... 40$ for an average breakfast just seems a bit ridiculous.
4	above average.-1 for a hard-to-find location.  google was confused.  and so were we.  for clarification, the restaurant is *inside* the botanical garden.  and, no, you don't have to pay for admission as long as you're just going to the restaurant.+1 for acommodating our reservation for a group of 7.  we sat on the back patio, and the weather was splendid.+1 for great service.  kept our waters filled consistently.+1 for tasty cocktails.  i can't remember which my wife had, but it was good.+1 for a tasty "3 Napkin Smoked Sow" sandwich.recommended.
5	Had dinner at Gertrude's before viewing the Chihuly exhibits. Sat at the bar with a friend and had prompt friendly service from the bar staff. The food was excellent! Recommend the Bison Carpaccio, bread, Mahi Mahi  tacos!!!
2	We stopped at Gertrude's for a snack on Wednesday. We shared the Cheese Platter and Bread Basket. The bread was not fantastic; a white (sourdough?) loaf, olive bread & one with seeds. $4.The cheese also was not great. Three cheeses and NO fresh fruit. Two hard cheeses & one goat, with a brie-like rind, that was the best thing on the plate, some home-made crackers, second best thing on the plate. Instead of fruit, there was blueberry jam and pickled grapes. Really? No fresh fruit in the Valley? The pickled grapes were a loser. $12.Moreover, the service was spotty. We weren't told of the soup-of-the-day. When we overheard the waitress telling the next table of the cold mango/coconut soup we were jealous. Also, never mentioned was dessert. At 3PM, we might have preferred some cold gelato. And it's not on the main menu. There was a fruit bowl, but it was mixed with simple syrup. Yuk!That being said, Gertrude's is certainly convenient to a day in the Garden and the menu shows imagination. I'll be trying it again in two weeks when we see "A Midsummer Night's Dream" in the Botanical Garden. I'll let you know.
5	I ordered the breakfast burrito (with some fancy name) and I thought I would just be getting a regular breakfast burrito. This thing was a delight! It was quite large with melted cheese served on top along with some avocado, guacamole and salsa. It all came together quite nicely. I put the guac right on top and mixed in some salsa with my fork and it all came together perfectly. The salsa has a smokey flavor that does not take away from the rest of it at all.
2	Terrible experience. So bad I can't even describe it. Service completely failed. Waited for Table (almost 30 mins even with a reservation). Waited for drinks, waited for food, I talked to the manager, he kindly comped my glass of wine.
5	Cant say enough good about this place...always surprisingly pleased by the food...cant get enough of the Bleu Burger. YUMMY!!! ... The smothered Fries, wayyy too good!! :) Service is always great!! Till next time ( which will be very soon!!) ..
5	Top to bottom it's hard to beat Gertrudes.  The temp was in the high 80's, perfect for dinner in the garden.  They have built their patio to fit right into the botanical garden space.  The brussels+breakfast (not served during breakfast hours) is the perfect balance of all ingredients, brioche, egg yolk, butter, bacon and brussels in vinaigrette we had lightly fryed oyster special and the green chile pork.  Both were very tasty.  This is a destination spot and the food is worth the trip alone
5	We thought it was excellent! My friend and I were pleasantly surprised. Their menu changes in a few day so I won't go on about what we had, but it was all delicious! We were also surprised to see such a nice bar, with local beer, a large wine list, and excellent cocktails. We can't wait to come back!
5	Went to Gertrude's, again, to try the new Gertrude's Burger!!!! ... As expected, DELICIOUS!!! I definately recommend having this burger...oh my! Never dissapointed in the service...very attentive staff, and ofcourse the atmosphere is pretty relaxing too!! Will be back to try more of the new menu...wish my tummy was bigger...LOL...I would try it all in one sitting... :)
5	The new summer menu is fabulous! I had the chicken club and it was delicious. Can't wait to get back to Gertrude's to try more of the new menu!
2	Perhaps it was my fault. I didn't follow the waiter's advice when he said that the burgers and fish tacos were the best things on the menu. Instead I ordered the  specials; cold fresh green pea soup and mushroom risotto or was it asparagus risotto? It was not memorable. It's something I make at home pretty often and mine, as untrained as I am, is better. The pea soup was bland and chalky. My tablemate said that her fish tacos were the best she ever had.Since it's summer, I won't even think about going back to Gertrude's for at least six months. And then I'll think again.
5	I was fortunate to visit this little gem. I came with a large group and we ordered a little bit of everything. I was not disappointed. The food was spectacular! I thoroughly enjoyed everything I tried! The staff was friendly, the view was gorgeous. I can't wait to come back again!
4	Really enjoyed this place a lot. The food was very well presented and tasty as good as it looked. The service was also great. No complaints. Will be going back in the future.
4	Amazing setting/outside eating area...but then again its the Desert Botanical Garden, from there it got blah.  I had to take out a loan to get the tacos, but I haven't been to a Dave Ramsey course yet so maybe the tacos are a great value and will be traded as commodities on the open market in the future.  I get the feeling Gertrude's has a steep lease with DBG and needs to charge a little extra.  Cool sunsets....8/14/14 EDIT to review:  Ok, I upped the rank to 4-star for two reasons fold.  #1 this is a 1-of-a-kind restaurant and setting (world class in the middle of the city/convenience) and #2 let's just say the owner/manager really does care about making this place all it can be.  I'm coming back.
1	terrible! 40 minutes before they took our order, then 20 minutes to get our drink bill after we decided not to eat there. They were helping everyone else and walking right past us ignoring us. Guess if you don't look like a wealthy non-minority older person, then it's not worth their time.I should add this review is from eons ago, it just hadn't posted like I thought it did. I can't comment on the place now, never going there again.
2	SOOOO DISAPPOINTED TODAY!!! What a disappointment today when we had lunch at Gertrude's.  The restaurant only had people at 3 other tables and we couldn't get anyone to take our order.    All I can say is : PLEASE BRING BACK YOUR OLD MENU! We have been going to this place since they opened and had previously loved everything about it.   The 'offerings' are fewer and not so appetizing. Truly expensive for what we received.  Very strange ingredients paired together.  My husbands Tuna Sandwich left much to be desired...a pile of tuna with 2 olives on it...the toast it was served on was like a large piece of rubber.  My Hummus wrap had so many grains/seeds in it I thought it was bird food to say the least. The edges of my spinach wrap was hardened all the way around.  All of the previous wonderful pictures and comments on Yelp from other customers are no longer applicable. TOTALLY NEW MENU!  I will say :  THE FRENCH FRIES WERE FANTASTIC!
2	Sorry Gertrude's... seems they have a new chef and menu. The menu is not as unique as the old one. What happened to the "Hot Mess"? We went for lunch, the hostess seated us and said who would be taking care of us. Then a young lady brought menus and asked what we would like to drink so I ordered a glass of wine. Then another person came with my wine and took our menus. That was it. Nobody asked us what we wanted to order until I waved for some help and asked if someone could take our order. Now, they were not busy at all. Oh well, just a miscommunication I guess.I had the tuna sandwich and the fries were good. The sandwich was not up to my expectations.Something needs to change before I return. Too bad, I used to really like Gertrude's.
1	Any restaurant that scores a D from the County Health department is disgusting.  Even more disgusting is this place is supposed to be upscale. Unfortunately their prices exceed their cleanliness.
1	I am not a fan of the new menu.  The gumbo bowl was extremely salty.  The Gertrude's burger was just okay, it wasn't quite cooked as requested, but it would have been too messy to have it sent back to cook it longer. It easily fell apart with all the moist toppings and had to be eaten like an open faced sandwich.  I am so glad that we did not bring out of town guests this visit. I would have been embarrassed about the food. For what we received, it was too overpriced and such a disappointment.  On a positive note, we were seated right away and were served promptly.  The outdoor atmosphere is also very nice this time of year.
4	This is a funky / fun restaurant located inside of the Botanical Gardens. There was a bit of a wait for a table, but considering it's location, this wasn't surprising. Once we were seated, our waitress came over within minutes and took our drink orders. We perused the menu and made our choices pretty quickly. Everything was pretty tasty, and made the way it was ordered.The ambiance and vibe here is what really gives it the edge. With a view of the gardens from pretty much any seat, locally sourced food / drinks, and neat decor it really has a great feel.The dessert was the only real disappointing part of the meal. It had an odd flavor to it and I wasn't overly thrilled with it. Wouldn't order it again if we were to go back anytime soon.Overall: AA must-do if you go to the gardens.
3	Food was fine - wings and cakes pretty interesting but the service is lacking. Also for kids they ran out of burgers and chicken fingers.
5	The food and service is great! I recommend the gumbo appetizer and the braised pork shank with their creamy grits! the pumpkin pie martini was as good as it sounds as well!
3	Beautiful location! However, save your $ on the pretzel appetizer. It was burned on the outside and raw and dense on the inside. When I asked the waiter about it, he advised, "that's how it is".  Save your money, go to the mall, and get a Wetzel pretzel
2	Elegant and relaxing spot with a conceptually great menu that does not deliver on execution and flavor. My french toast was dryyy as a bug fart. The bread was not a moist enough variety to begin with and was far too dense, it seemed to have soaked up very little liquid prior to being grilled. The lack of sauce was just silly, it's served with prickly pear syrup and creme fraiche that was one skimpy line each, the ratio to the amount of bread made no sense to me. I can understand if the chef doesn't want the plate drenched in sauces, but there was no balance there at all, and that dry, dense bread actually needed the drenching. At the very least, more syrup needs to be offered as an option when the food was delivered, and the bread should be switched to something fluffier that can get that buttery-sear-with-squishy-innards that french toast has to have to be good.Our server Max was very very nice, but the service was irritatingly slow regardless, and not just from him, I could see another table trying to flag their server too. We were there before the Sunday rush and I get the feeling that the servers had too much side work and couldn't keep their focus on the tables? Just a guess there, but in any case it took way too long to get a check, and way too long for it to be run. I appreciate that the place is designed for loitering and that it's hard to find that balance between hovering and absenteeism, but they really need to work on it in my opinion.I'll be back to give the lunch a shot, or to just grab a drink and read a while when time is not at all on my mind, but I really wouldn't recommend Gertrude's to anyone at this point, better to go The Farm or somewhere in Old Town and then mosey over to the Botanical Garden after. But I know they're really trying to make Gertrude's a great place and I'll be rooting for them. I'm guessing they face some specific challenges due to the location and hope they can find their groove.
5	I brought my parents here for their 34th anniversary based off of a recommendation from a friend.  Could not have been happier with the decision.  There was not a host at the stand when we walked in however the manager Michelle (I think) approached us immediately with a warm greeting and took us to a table out on the patio without us even asking.  Our server Angela was knowledgable about the menu and made several recommendations before leaving to grab waters for us. We went with her suggestion and ordered a bottle of the Santa Carolina Cab and my mom tried the spicy margarita which was downed in minutes and promptly ordered another. I had the black pepper spaghetti with botarga (which I later found out were fish eggs) and added steak to it.  It was not something I would normally order however I'm glad I did as it was fantastic. I don't recall what my parents had but I do remember that they both enjoyed their dishes as well.Atmosphere was perfect for our occasion and the service was outstanding, not overbearing, and not too distant. I'm looking forward to giving their brunch a try.
4	Great setting and atmosphere Good food for a special dinnerUnique menu if you are game for experimentingThank you for using localsWe were treated a dessert for our anniversaryBut they charged us a dollar for it anyway Very oddAnd it was deep fried doughnut holesYikesI was disappointedWe were ready to order a nice dessertI have not eaten deep fried in over 30 yearsThat was not a happy endingThe coffee was good We would go back maybe for lunch and dinner
2	Kind of under impressed. We've been here about a year ago and enjoyed it much more. We went for lunch. Beautiful setting and the service was good but slow. However we weren't in a hurry so it didn't matter.  My husband ordered the pulled pork gumbo with an egg and corn muffin. The presentation was beautiful and he thought it tastes great. I ordered the escarole salad with maple dressing, pomegranate seeds, candied pecans and goat cheese. Unfortunately the dressing made the lettuce look brown like old lettuce. Presentation boring. A couple of tiny pecan pieces and a few very small crumbles of goat cheese. Chicken or a LOT more cheese would have been a nice addition. This came with no bread so we ordered a "bread coarse". The toasted bread was black on some pieces and the non-toasted bread was rather dry. For dessert we shared a brownie with cranberry ancho sauce. Presentation was nice. It came with a "scoop" of vanilla bean gelato that was tablespoon size. TheCranberry ancho sauce was very tasty and while the brownies tasted good they were really hard. Difficult to cut through with a knife. Go for the ambience but don't expect much from the food.
2	We had breakfast on the beautiful patio after doing the Lymphoma walk at the zoo. The Garden Frittata was a very nice presentation but it was the worst frittata I have ever had.  No vegetables, no flavor!!! Two of us had it and we both thought the same thing.  Service was slow for how few tables were occupied.  Fortunately the ambiance was lovely, but doubt I will go again.
3	Came to the Desert Botanical Garden to meet up with boo thang's dad, brother and his family, and wanted to have breakfast at Gertrude's before we decided to walk around the Garden. It was just about 9:15am when we arrived, asked for a table for 8, and got a little push back from the hostess (who actually may have been the supervisor, I think) well when we requested our table for 8, she said she wasn't sure if she could get us one and that we should of called the day before to request a table that size and so that they could be ready for us. Well that's offputting - maybe I would of understood more if it was a packed house at the time, but it sure as hell was not! There was one other family of 4 and a table for 2 out on the patio, that's it! There was plenty of room for us and for them to out together 2 tables!..Ok breathe Dianne...anyway food was ok everyone seemed happy with their meals. But mine was underwhelming. I had the Breakfast Bowl, which was to be pork gumbo with eggs and a corn muffin. It was more just refried beans, a lifeless egg and a corn muffin just thrown all up in the beans. I guess I expected a bit more of a presentation.  All in all - loved the Desert Botanical Garden, just next time, I'll eat before I get there
5	Gertrude's; Where to begin? I must admit after reading some of the reviews of this charming establishment, I was a little disappointed in what others had to say. I feel like the point of this dining experience is being overlooked, so allow me (A confirmed Foodie & Oenophile) to put my 2 cents in. Enjoy the read. Constructive feedback always welcomed. Ambiance: Located at the main entrance of the Desert Botanical Gardens, admission to the Gardens is not required to dine with them. Reservations are encouraged, but not required. You can even make reservations online with Open Table from your smart phone. They have a beautiful, contemporary styled interior with an exquisite outdoor patio. They are open for Lunch and Dinner Mon - Fri 10:30-9pm and Brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 8am-4pm followed by dinner until 9pm.I was there on what they call Winey Wednesday (HALF PRICE BOTTLES OF WINE ALL DAY) and then treated to a Dueling Pianos show from 6pm-9pm. Too much fun.What is Gertrude's?: I think this is the issue I read about in other reviews that seem to not have been explained well. You go for the complete experience which includes a boutique style menu, executive chefs (not cooks, but actual chefs) led my Matt Taylor, well trained wait staff including sommeliers, and certified bartenders. The majority of the food is prepared from items delivered daily from locally owned and operated farms, dairies, and bakeries. As a result, there is no giant freezer. Even the saltine crackers and bread and butter pickles are made in house. Gertrude's is a locally owned and operated establishment that diligently supports other locally owned and operated Arizona businesses. Even a fair majority of the beers and wines come from Arizona produced companies. If you are accustomed to the homogenized service and simple menus of corporate chain restaurants, then this will be something new for you. I am not knocking places like Chili's  or Denny's (I eat at those places too, just have different expectations) but that is not what Gertrude's is. Gertrude's is one of a kind casual upscale dining event set right in the heart of an incredibly beautiful Phoenix landmark. Wine/Bar: Large assortment of Wines and Craft Beers, many from AZ producers. The wine list is progressive style which if you are not a wine expert is amazing. It lists the wine in order from lightest/sweetest to fullest/driest taste versus name & price. This is really helpful in picking out wine, especially if they are brands you're not fully familiar with. All the draft and bottle beers come from craft breweries as well. I was partial to the Meiomi Pinot Noir. Full bar service with some interesting and unique signature cocktails. Cactus Cosmo was very tasty and prepared for our table by the General Manager Michelle. It was so pretty I had to take a picture to include with this review.Menu/Price: The price is as eclectic as the menu with a Gertrude's Greens salad for $7 leading up to a Prairie Harvest Bison Tenderloin for around $40. If you are into spicy, they have a Black Pepper Spaghetti ($18) that for lack of a better word, bites back. For those not feeling so bold or brave there is an ample assortment of items such as the Gertrude's Burger ($16) or Smoked Chicken Salad Sandwich ($14). I think it's really cool that they have a wide assortment of Gluten Free options and their soup of the day is always vegetarian. I am really excited to try brunch. I saw something called Brisket N Gravy that sounds amazing. As for desert - I saw some folks knocking the Donuts & Sauce Desert ($7) saying they weren't "classy". Allow me to elaborate on my experience with this desert. These are beignet style donut holes stuffed with ricotta, fried, and rolled in brown sugar and cinnamon. They come with a trio of sauces including a triple smoked chocolate fudge sauce and salted caramel. YUM. We also had the Pumpkin Tres Leches Cake which I can only say is guaranteed to give you happy dreams. Suggested Dinner: Wine: Meiomi Pinot Noir - App: AZ Tepary Bean Hummus - Salad: Warm Cauliflower - Dinner: Bison Tenderloin (Med Rare/Med) and end it the Donuts & Sauce or Pumpkin Tres Leches for desert. Sit back, take your time, and indulge all of your senses for a fantastic destination dining experience. See ya soon - Max
5	Outstanding service.  Friendly staff.  We ordered the four suggestions of our waitperson and each was superb!!!  Terrific time!
5	Tasty, healthy, great location, creative menu & great service.Not your typical "museum " restaurant.
4	I have been anxious to try this place with it's great reviews. Last month I joined the Garden with my mom and today we finally made it to Gertrude's. Delish! Attentive and friendly service with some excellent recommendations. It's chilly outside today so we started with their hot tea - peppermint variety and perfect for the day. My mom enjoyed the BLT with fried green tomatoes, crispy bacon, fresh leafy lettuce, and a delectable remoulade sauce. I may have spelled that incorrectly! French fries were crispy and hot. I had the warm cauliflower salad with roasted cauliflower and acorn squash, fried kale, and a toasted oil vinaigrette. It was warm and comforting and absolutely delicious. Thanks for a great meal!
4	Gertrude's is a lovely restaurant at the entrance of the Desert Botanical Gardens. You don't need a DBG ticket to visit Gertrude's. There's inside and outside seating, and a great bar area. The outside seating is nestled among various beautiful desert flora and cacti--a beautiful place to enjoy a bite when the weather is nice. Gertrude's has a nice brunch menu and light lunch items. The Gertrude burger is tasty with a fabulous grilled taste, and the hummus is delicious! I like their Berry Lemonade--they have a few great cocktail-like drinks with no alcohol.. I've been here with a couple friends, and with a group of colleagues from work. They can accommodate small groups pretty well. Enjoy Gertrude's before or after a walk in the fabulous DBG!
3	So... This is one of those "fancy" places that wil have lots of regular sounding items like BLT or burger but be made with totally different ingredients.If you like trying new twists or foods, this definitely the place for you.  It's not the place for us.  But the server was nice about the fact that I didn't like the BBQ sandwich, the sauce had too much vinegar, and brought us a free dessert.
2	I have eaten at Gertrude's several times and always enjoyed the experience. However, tonight was a completely diffferent event.  I raved about it to my family and insisted we go while attending Luminarious.  What a mistake, I had cold brisket, my nephew ate less than half of his braised pork shank and when I asked about it, his description was tough, cold and poorly prepared. His wife has had an upset stomach since we got home.  She had the black pepper spaghetti because she loves peppers, and it was also cold.Unfortunately, the best meals were my great niece's hamburger and my great nephew's mac and cheese. We could have gone to a high end burger place and spent far less than $200.00 There are too many wonderful restaurants between DBG and my house, so that was my last Gertrude's visit.  Oh, and by the way, I nicely told the manager about our cold food and he did not even offer to comp a dessert.  He did offer to send it back, but it was getting late and we all opted out.
4	Stopped here to grab lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. We participated in the brunch menu, I had the smoked chicken salad and my husband had the steak and eggs. For dessert we shared a flourless brownie with pumpkin brittle and jalepano cranberry sauce, all delicious! Eating outside was nice to watch the birds. They had heaters going since it was a bit chilly. Also the wine and cocktail list was pretty decent selection.
3	This afternoon, my parents and I came to Gertrude's for snacks and drinks. We ordered Bread, which was homemade and hard on the inside and outside. It was served with sweet tea butter with black Hawaiian sea salt. The Cream of Mushroom soup was rich and creamy and garnished with three pickled or caramelized oyster mushrooms. For drinks, I'd recommend the Cactus Cosmo, which consisted of house infused prickly pear vodka, blood orange liqueur, prickly pear syrup, fresh lime, and cranberry juice. It was garnished with a lime wedge. However, both the white sangria and red sangria were worth $8. Both of the sangrias were garnished with grapefruit, orange, and pear. Each glass had half a glass of wine over rocks.
5	Four of us enjoyed a delightful lunch on the patio of this cafe. The weather was wonderful which helped: low 70s, no wind, etc. the setting was great: surrounded by cactus and other vegetation with visiting roadrunners and other birds. Our server was great, too: a pleasant young lady who knows the menu and was prompt and attentive. There is a decent wine list. There are a half dozen each appetizers, salads and sandwiches. What we had was good and more than we could finish. We didn't have room for dessert. The soup du jour was mushroom and well received. The burger, chicken salad sandwich and bologna sandwich were all great.  The price was on the high end for sandwiches but you have to pay for the ambiance. We will return I am sure.  You don't have to pay admission to dine at the restaurant.
