5	We moved in a few months ago and the staff have been nothing but friendly and helpful. We had a few minor things needing repair and the maintenance turnaround has been less than 24 hours. The online rent payment and maintenance service system is super convenient. It seems that most of the staff live here as well which, in my opinion, is a good thing. They welcome pets too!As far as the unit, it is spacious. Upgraded kitchen counters and cabinets/appliances are gorgeous. A large patio has plenty of room for a small garden or a play area for the kids. There is also a great storage area on the patio. The pools are always clean when we have used them and they are typically quiet, almost like we have our own private pool. The landscaping is wonderfully maintained and just about everyone cleans up after their dogs. There is a bark park for the dogs which is very clean and many doggie waste stations around the property which have always had bags when we've used them. The apartment itself is quiet! On a rare occasion we will hear our neighbors above us but we cannot hear anything to either side of us. The location of the property couldn't be more central...downtown chandler is 5 minutes away, Gilbert, Mesa and Tempe are all within a 15 minute drive. Overall a wonderful place to live.
5	Been here 3 months and love it! The company and staff really make you feel appreciated and valued, which is hard to find these days! The on-site dog park is awesome and kept fairly clean! The rest of the grounds are always kept really nice as well! Also the valet trash service is awesome!
4	So far, I have loved living at this Camden property, and have found very little to complain about. The manager of the property is very friendly, and it was her charming personality that made me feel like this was the community for me. I love the valet trash service, especially during summer. My only distaste so far is that cable is included with rent which provides a disincentive to use satellite, and it took nearly 45 minutes with Cox's technical help to convince them that they could talk with me despite having a bulk account... I love the Bark Park, and can't wait until cooler weather to try out the hot tub :-)
5	I am so happy at Camden Pecos Ranch Apartments. I've been here a year after leaving a terrible complex in Ahwatukee. I love this area. I feel extremely safe. It's quiet, pleasant, and everyone is helpful. The trash valet is nice, no more hauling my trash to a dumpster all the time. The apartments are nicely renovated to make it feel very much like a home and super well laid out.
5	If I could give Camden Pecos Ranch more stars I would! We absolutely love living here. We have lived many places and none come this close. Right after we moved into our apartment the washer went out. The office staff and maintenance made sure we had a place to wash clothes until ours was fixed. Then we found a new basket full of goodies at our door. We LOVE it here. Plan on being here for a long while. Thanx Camden for making this home.
