5	Wonderful! Sweet people & great talent. I will be returning!
1	Last Thursday (10/25/12) I went here to get a pedicure. I arrived at 3:40pm. There were 2 people working and they were each serving a person. At 3:50pm I was put into the foot bath and from there I waited until 5:00pm to have my toenails painted. I considered leaving around 4:30pm and at that point I asked how much longer I was going to wait, as I had work at 6pm. I was told 10min and that obviously meant it was another half hour. 10 minutes into getting my nails painted someone walked in and started chatting with the lady that was working on my nails, to the point where she would pause working. I eventually got annoyed and asked her kindly to please stop chatting and continue working on my nails as I had somewhere to go. The guy I had spoke to earlier overheard and agreed as he remembered that I had work. She sped up and kinda did a sloppy job on my nails, as one of them is half painted. I won't be going back.
4	Great service! The place is clean and the staff don't rush even if they are busy. Love this nail place! I always get a pedicure and service is always consistent !!!!
5	ONLY place I go to get my nails done! love them they are always thorough and take their time to get your nails right!
5	I have been coming here since 2007 to get pedicures. I lived right down the street at the time and so it was very convenient, not to mention Tracy was always consistent with her service. I stopped coming here around 2008 because 1) we moved about 20 minutes away 2) Tracy was in such demand, the wait for her was getting pretty long and I want to assume that because of her being in such demand, she was rushing and on two occasions she yanked the skin out of my toe causing me to be in pain for about a week after. I then started going to a nail place across the street from my new house and their service sucked big time. I then decided to take a chance and try Tracy again. I'm glad I did because there was a new girl, Vivian, who does the most spectacular, fantastic fricken job and she is the ONLY one that I get my pedicures from now since 2012. There have been times when I have walked in without an appointment only to find out Vivian was not working that day, and so I left returning another day when she was back on shift. Vivian, takes her time and is very consistent! She knows exactly how I like my toenails to be cut & shaped and my feet always look so pretty when she does them! $22.00 for a pedicure PLUS a chest tingling leg massage, you can't go wrong.
3	If you want affordable simple nails come here. I come here because there friendly and get the job done. They don't usually have a lot of nail techs working. Sometimes you may have to wait if your a walk in. I do love that they take there time. And when you have gels. They wrap your tips in acetone. Instead of buffing it off like most nail places do, because it's quicker and damages your nails. They get a 5 star for great service. But knocked a few stars of for appearance. It needs a little upgrade. There decor is horrible. Lil dirty to me. I come here when I need simple cuz it's cheap. I also gave a lower star for technique.. Not a nail place you would expect for Vegas. They do have newer pedicure chairs. That's always a plus. Would recommend for simple.
1	i wish i didnt have to select any stars. My mom is a regular client and had booked an appointment for herself my aunt and myself as my brother is gettin married today.  We showed up for our 10am appointment and the shop was not open contrary to the sign saying they open at 9am.  No one even bothered to call to let us know that they wouldnt be opening today.
3	This is a decent low-cost nail place with good service. I go here when I want a need a quick manicure or pedicure but don't want to spend a ton of money. I just wish it looked a little cleaner. I hate having my nails done in a place that looks like it's not completely cleaned and sanitized every single day.
