5	Before moving to Arizona, Walgreens and Long's were the closest pharmacies to my house. I appreciated Walgreens' cosmetics selection and online photo services but found the fact that they didn't sell alcohol (even wine or beer) and put their pregnancy tests in a closed case (who are they trying to protect by making women push a help button on the glass case to buy a test?) a bit disturbing. Long's had a full selection of alcohol and didn't seem to think it necessary to sequester their pregnancy tests, but had fairly high prices for common items. When we moved to Phoenix, we found that the closest pharmacy/drugstore was CVS, so we gave it a try and have been really happy with it so far. It has a great selection of everyday items, photo services, a full section of alcoholic beverages, easily accessible pregnancy tests, a friendly staff, and really competitive prices. Best of all, it has a rewards program (called "Extra Care") that actually saves you money and earns you real rewards. With a few exceptions, everything you buy counts toward your quarterly spending and displays on your receipt (e.g., Summer quarter spending: $75). At the end of each quarter, you receive 2% cash back on all your quarterly spending in the form of a coupon (e.g., $6 Extra Care bucks) that you can apply to any future purchase. Certain products are also attached to Extra Care promotions, allowing you to earn additional Extra Care bucks. For example, they will have a promotion where your purchase of a certain type of toothpaste earns you $2 to spend later. As a member of many rewards programs (PetsMart's "Pet Perks," BevMo's "Club Bev," etc.) that only qualify you to get "special" pricing on items in the store and/or give you some *really* small coupon after you spend a s**tload of money, I was really grateful for a program that actually rewarded me for the things we buy every day. The only thing I have to be careful about is not buying things simply because they are on sale for Extra Care members; that's an easy trap to fall into!
2	Though I like the pharmacist, the pharm techs at this location have the WORST customer service! Several times they did not fill my Rx within 24 hours, for different reasons. Never did they call me or my doctor and try to resolve the situation ... they just waited till I showed back up to inform me there was a problem. No apologies, not even a smile. The pharmacist once overheard me telling the tech that I had come back three times and my Rx still hadn't been filled. He offered me a gift card and apologized for my trouble, and I was very grateful. But really, me having to return three times for an Rx I fill every month? Inexcusable. Once I walked up to the RX counter inside the store to ask where to find an OTC medicine. I was sick, could barely function, and the tech didn't even look up from her cell phone ... she just said, "Isle ten." I said, "I looked in isle ten and didn't see it." She totally ignored me and kept texting!! I muttered, "Thanks for nothing," and stumbled away. Thankfully the same sweet pharmacist saw the interaction and dropped what he was doing to come and help me. There's a creepy tech with a greezy skullett that is rude every time (he has screwed up my Rx twice). Now he just takes my money and shoves my Rx through the window at me. If it wasn't for the exemplary pharmacist, and the close proximity to my house, I would never return to this location.
1	I have been a CVS customer for years, I moved close to this pharmacy, Honestly at first the pharmacy techs upset me but now I am used to the awkward lack of customer service. I am happy that after months of asking they now apply my 25 dollar discount card. Well I don't take no for an answer anymore, I could change locations but [why I am having laser surgery done to my back so hopefully I will not need to go there every month.  Maybe try another place, But if it is best for you, Just stand your ground.***update*** I droppedThis place. The jerks finally pushed me overThe edge months ago. I movedMy scripts over to Walmarts pharmacy . I have not had an issue since.
5	Hey, they're gonna stop selling smokes soon!
4	Nice pharmacy.  Been here 3 or 4 times.  I think they have a drive thru (not too sure) but I've never used it.  Pretty new and clean place, on the corner so it's easy to get in and out.  Overall I would recommend.
