4	When I pulled into the parking lot, l thought this new location would be packed inside, but there were plenty of machines, each with their own ipod charger & TV! Yay! Now its going to be easy to workout on the way home from work! So glad they replaced the old location!
2	First time checking this new LA Fitness out was Sunday, I did legs and it was about 6PM and there was decent amount of people there! The place look great! Great cardio machines witch has TV's and ipod chargers so that was great! And then I went back today and wow! parking lot was full! and I wasn't happy near the dumbbell area...dumbbells where everywhere!!! There was more dumbbells missing on the rack then there was on the floor! Wonder where they went...also the people there just chat chat chat! no working out! just standing there in front of the machines and such and just chat away! but overall its a nice place but ehhh just the atmosphere.
4	I starting going to LA Fitness once they took over Bally's. This location opened up close to where I live, so I thought this was an ideal location. Everything is cool there since this is a new location. I go when they first open 5 days out the week. I would rather not go after work because I know it will be crowded, since thats how it usually is at other gyms. (also I passed by one day after working and I saw that the parking lot was full) If I had to go after work, I would wait until like 830-9pm to go. The guy that is there during the week at opening time is a cool guy, he is always excited and pumped up and of course he works out, his arms are amazing (I am thinking about this guy now, mmmm). The only reason I like this gym is because it is like 2 minutes away, other than its like any other gym, you just gotta know the best times to go and do what you came there to do WORK OUT!!!
4	I am so happy they finally opened a new gym up my way. The old one on Northern was small, cramped and the dance room was wide open and made it hard to concentrate in class. The parking lot might be packed, but there are so many machines and equipment and free weight/stretching areas that you never feel cramped. I am always able to use any machine I want, no waiting, even on a Saturday at noon. No parking issues like some other locations (cough Camelback cough). The treadmills, elliptical, bikes and stairs have personal TVs that you can hook your headphones into to listen, AND you can plug your iPhone in to charge in the machine. Awesome!They have a child care area and a nice locker room. No juice bar though. No sweat off my back, i never got one, but if you do care, its kind of a bummer. I can't wait to go back tonight!
4	Brand new with all new state-of-the-art equipment. All of the cardio machines have tv with iPod hook-ups and there are plenty of them so you should not have to wait.Definitely a vast improvement over the old location that it replaced. I plan to use and enjoy this location as much as I can before it gets too ghetto.
4	I love to work out.  I was super excited when this location opened up.  I always went to the one around the corner, which closed.  This one has all new equipment and a lot of it.  It's all one level.  There's a basketball court, several raquetball courts, a group fitness room, spinning room, free weights, lots of cardio equipement and machines, plus it has an indoor pool and spa.  All the staff are super friendly.  It's always clean.  I would advise not to go from 4:30pm-7:30pm.  That time is crazy.  Granted, there is a lot of equipment to go around, but there are always those people who like to set up camp on the machine that you want to use.  And the reason for only 4 stars is that, it seems to take them awhile to fix anything that is broken like the cardio machines and the water fountain.
4	Large facility with plenty of equipment.  Even when there are a lot of folks it's easy to get in a workout with little or no waiting at all.  Excellent array of weight equipment.  Locker facilities are adequate.  The 4 racquetball courts are brand new and lovely.  Also the basketball court is really excellent for a 3/4, with no obstructions and plenty of sideline.  Good facility.  About the only knocks I can make is what appears a real shortage of security lockers, and no covered/shaded parking...but one can't have everything I guess..  Otherwise, not bad at all!
3	**WARNING** THERE IS A THIEF OR GROUP OF THIEVES WORKING THIS GYM!!The new facilities are very nice and the staff is friendly but patrons should be aware that there is a problem with theft from locked lockers. Last Thursday night I unlocked my combination lock and found that my purse was no longer there! I reported it at the front desk and the young man working there said that a woman came to him earlier that day and said her cellphone had been stolen out of her locker, which was also locked. It's a nice gym but if you use it you should probably use one of the little lockers they have at the front desk to secure your important items until the the thief is caught. They're pretty vigilant about making sure only members enter so it's either a member or an employee.
3	I have been working out here (the older location) for a couple years, and while I like the shiny new building, I can't give it 5 or even 4 stars considering the theft issues. My car was broken into this week in their parking lot. I parked on the West corner and apparently that's not where I should have parked (says one of the LA Fitness employees). They don't appear to have security cameras and they didn't offer to help much when I went in asking what I should do. My shattered window is still in the parking lot (not cleaned up) and it just reminds me that I workout in a sketchy area.
4	Of all the LA Finesses in town, this one is a notch better.  Here is why:+ Layout and Atmosphere:     - spacious    - single story   - clean   - decorated walls   - high-end ceiling fans hover above the workout areas+ Machines:   - Treadmills with LCD TVs for viewing various Cable programming   - Workout machines and weights are the most up to date+ Locker Room:  - Clean  - Nice wooden lockers  - Nice sink area  - LCD TVs for viewing News and SportsI've read some reviews where there were concerns about theft in the locker room and parking lot.  I have not had that happened to me personally, but I do know it is a common problem across other gyms too.  There's no security walking around that I am aware of, but I think there should be.
5	this is the best LA fitness that I have been to.  They recently built this facility.  They bought all new equipment instead of using the old, beat up stuff like some the others did when they remodeled.  The worst one that I have been to now is the one in Paradise Valley.
2	Ohhhhh My... I tweet to LA Fitness literally EVERY OTHER DAY and get zero response.  Ive called Corp Customer Service and get nothing but someone saying "oh, thats a great idea" but no direction on how to make this come to fruition.  I would have given 3.5 out of 5 Stars ((For This Location ONLY))Here it goes- LA Fitness has opened 2 new location approx 5 miles apart.  I have spoken to the 20 to 30 customers that come into the Northern Ave location at 5am Monday thru Friday and asked if they would benefit if the club would open earlier (4am or 430 am) All said yes!!  There is consistantly a group of us who are outside waiting for the doors to open.  Again, LA Fitness- you have built 2 clubs within 5 miles of each other.  Your customers have a need... You have other clubs that open early.. The demand is here.  One of these clubs needs to open earlier. I go to the Northern location but would travel to the 7th ave and Camelback location gladly if it opened at 4 or 430. I am not here to complain that when I do go into LA Fitness, that at 5am, the windows on the doors are gross with smears of sweat and grime from the night before.  Im not complaining that once when I called customer service asking about the possibility of opening earlier, I was told that the club must be closed for at least 4 hours for cleaning and repairs- however the cleaner is always starting wiping down the treadmills and elipticals at 5 am.  I know this because the cleaners used are very strong and when I am running it is hard to breath.No, I am not complaining about that... I have been a member of La Fitness for over 7 years... I am not complaining about how the Men's locker room/showers and Sauna's have been used over the years as the 'hook up' places for gay men ((just take a look at craigslist in the personals)) but for some reason it's widely accepted. Im not looking to complain about Gissell who is a yoga instructor (sat mornings at Northern location) that litterally just sits crosslegged and reads yoga poses off a piece of paper  (while chewing gum) insane!!  I just avoid those areas... it doesnt bother me.   It just makes sense for them to open either an hour or half hour earlier during the week.  So many people that have to work in the mornings would like to get thier workout on just a bit earlier. I am going to start asking other long time members to post on here... perhaps then they will take notice. Thanks for your time.
4	Started at this location 3 months ago.  Clean, open, and spacious.  Peak hours are busy, off-peak hours aren't so much (so that's when I try to go)Stuff breaks down because it's the nature of machinery to do so, but the day the hot tub was down it was less than 24 hours before it was fully functional again.The staff is amicable and helpful thus far.  I've read the other reviews and am probably jinxing myself by saying that I haven't had any issues with theft or vandalism as reported by other members.  This doesn't mean that I wont be extra careful.  Thieves can only steal what you leave for them to steal. :)Alex, Coach and crew are doing a great job with this facility.
4	Very nice layout.  The staff is friendly and facility is clean. Of all the facilities, this one is the best.  I thoroughly enjoy the basketball and racket ball courts.  The many classes they offer of which I enjoy - spin, and yoga.  La Fitness has a great app that you can use to search many locations for times of classes and court reservation.
2	Some of the problems I've experienced in the past week:The other day I was going to go on the ellyptical machine. The first one's TV didn't work, the second and third's sound didn't work, the fourth's cup holder had no bottom, so I settled on the fifth (even though it tilted to the left and the calorie display didn't work). One of the weight machines has had an out of order sign for months.Then, I noticed how dirty the place was even though it had just opened (Stuff all over the floor, old paper towels in the cup holders, a bandaid stuck to the side of a machine (still there a week later).Also, it's hot an humid inside. I went to the locker room to wash my face before leaving and there were no paper towels.Decided to cancel my membership but was told I would have to discuss it with the operations manager who would not be in before 9:00.I've been going here for about a year and would like to stay because this place is close to my house but it is falling apart and no maintenance to speak of.
4	I like this La Fitness. It is clean and fairly new, the machines always work and the waits are non-existent. Perhaps I just go at the right times but I have never had to wait for a machine. They offer a variety of classes (although I wish there was more kick-boxing) and they have a 4:30 time slot which I love.If your worried about theft lock your stuff up! This happens at all gyms so be smart about your belongings.
1	Literally, I just got off the phone with Andrew Olson regarding using this LA Fitness location as a guest while visiting my family. (I grew up here and lived here for 29 yrs.) Andrew told me that because I'm not a local resident that I'm not allowed to use the 3 day guest pass. If I want to use the gym, I have to pay a $15 daily fee. I asked him if I could pay a pro-rated fee to work out for a week, he said that it's not offered and would have to buy a 1 mon. membership. Then, he went on to further say that they don't want out of town guests using their facility because we would be tying up the equipment meant for their regular members. Really???I happen to teach at a national gym in New York and unfortunately, they don't have facilities in Phoenix. However, we welcome any and everyone to use our gym, equipment and take classes regardless of how long they're visiting. We also offer pro-rated deals for visitors. We want to encourage memberships and referrals.I know that LA Fitness is expanding rapidly on the East Coast and when I return, I will be sure to discourage any friends and colleagues from joining this chain. This place is a joke.I just called the YMCA at Christown on 17th Ave. They welcome out of town visitors AND you can purchase an unlimited week pass for $30.
4	This is one of the better fitness clubs in Phoenix. The variety, condition, and usability of the exercise equipment is quite good. The facility is usually fairly clean. Some of the equipment is out of adjustment however and management has trouble making the corrections even when repeatedly notified.With VERY little effort, LA Fitness could make this the best fitness center in the Valley of the Sun. With all this said, this club is the one I usually go to.
3	Place is what it is, most of the staff at front pretty Rude exception of the really nice latina girl who is very nice and says hi when she's working the front in the mornings. If you change your credit card number without notifying them they will call you more times than any collection agency probably would.This place is right near my neighborhood so it's very convenient. My only complaint is their customer service!
1	It isn't a big deal to bring in a form/slip for a guest pass and they'll work with you but if your paperless they won't even TRY to work with you. Management is terrible and there's no communication between manager and associate. Tried to pay the lousy $15 day pass but couldn't because the 'systems were down' so my nephew had to sit in the lobby while my brother and I worked out and they just let us walk out with a cancellation form without trying to work something out. No sincerity or politeness whatsoever. Whoever is running this club really has no idea what's going on. I firmly believe the way associates/employees operate a business is completely reflected on management. If management doesn't care the employees aren't going to care. I will not be recommending anyone to this club nor will I be attending this club again. The only nice thing about it was the banging front desk girl!
2	Wow! So I am in the market for a gym with a pool. So glad I checked  Yelp! Needless to say I will NOT be considering LA Fitness.
1	A typical LA Fitness.  They are big and they are privately owned.  If you don't like them, they don't try to change your mind.  All the gyms have slightly different workout equipment and this location is their generic setup, so minimal regular equipment.  Cookie cutter generic type gym, if thats what your into, then this is it.
1	I have a three year prepaid contract which states I can add up to 3 family members provided they live at my address. The contract states that the added member must pay the same way I do for annual renewals. On 9/15/2014 I paid for my next year's dues which is $209.44. On 9/16/2014 I took my sister's license and $209.44 in to sign her up for a year. I asked that she set up her membership and my sister would come in to sign and get her card another day. Was told by the teenager at the front desk that because I had not listed the possibility of my sister ever living at my address as a possible add on that it could not be done. Complete crap. I then asked what could she do for sister and she said nothing. It baffles me that there was not one ounce of customer service offered for a member who was presenting $209.44 in cash. Great business sense.
2	What I like about this gym:It's close to home and there are hardly any people in the morning. I prefer to go in the mornings if my shift at work permits because there is no wait for the machines or weights.What I dislike about this gym:If I can't go to gym in the mornings I have to go in the evening, which I dread. The gym is super packed.  The weights are never re-racked. You always have to find a dumbbell when you need it. So f*cken annoying. You have to watch where you step also because weights are just left on the floor everywhere. I am surprised if anyone has not tripped or fallen over these weights. SAFETY HAZARD. Management needs to enforce this more.
