5	Latina provides a great mix of specialty imported goods and delicious Italian and French cuisine prepared in-house and ready to take home. They have a refrigerated section of ready-made dishes to take-and-bake, or just order something heated and ready from the deli section for lunch. A selection of local cheeses, meats, drinks and a fruits-vegetables section make this an excellent all-around grocery as well. Try the fresh pasta and I promise you won't be disappointed.
4	Excellent and unpretentious selection of gourmet foods.  The fish guy was really patient, explained everything to us and gave us lots of tastes to help us decide what to buy.  We got some really excellent Irish lox to go with our Fairmount bagels for the  most perfect picnic you can imagine.  Love this place!
4	For a neighborhood grocer, this place has a nice mix of gourmet and regular fare. Prices seemed reasonable across the board for this type of grocer.Surprises:  - good selection of (legit) fleur de sel at reasonable prices ($6-9).- frozen dessert from Fauchon (gourmet store in Paris) in the back corner- good selection of local microbrew / artisanale beersGlad I stopped in.  I'll be back.
1	Apparently English speakers and employees at this restaurant are not welcomed as per the owner who told employees that they could only speak to themselves in French.  The employee quit in disgust and I will stop going here as long as that policy is in place.
4	Various interesting stuff including chips fruits special beer ... Bought vanilla flavor beer and maple bacon chips
4	Latina has many specialty items that I appreciate very much when I visit Montreal and am staying nearby. They have an extensive selection of olive oils and vinegars, many frozen meals that I assume they prepare in-house as well as an extensive array of cheeses and meats that again are butchered on site. It's definitely a bit expensive and I was disappointed in the cheese that I selected from the case that had some extra mold (not the good kind) growing on it and which I had to trim myself - that's something that a good cheese department should keep tabs on, in my opinion. I like the fresh pasta and the Latina sauces - they're both very tasty and make for a good, quick and easy meal. Limited organic selection but that seems pretty common in Montreal.
