4	Hear Ye!  Hear Ye!  I am pleased to announce the addition of a top shelf coffeehouse and bakery to the fine City of Chandler Arizona!Within these warm and friendly confines can be found a wide variety of delicious pastries!  I myself have seen them and will forthwith submit photographic evidence of such!I can further attest to the quality nature and careful brewing of java products contained herein!  The author himself has sampled of such creations as Cafe Mocha which was agreeable to the palate!Further, the proprietors of this fine establishment hail from New England and are very much enjoying the splendid surroundings to which they have arrived!Do join me in supporting this superior enterprise!
5	Great coffee, baked goods to drool over, not  to mention the family owned establishment has the best service with a friendly smile.  My children love the Gelato and I adore the Iced Chai Tea Latte... YUMMO!
4	I was very sad when Carden's initial owners closed shop but very happy to announce that there is now NEW OWNERSHIP!  Hubby and I stopped in yesterday after a workout when we were pleased to see the Open sign lit up once again and even happier to see the FREE cup of coffee sign out front.  We went in to get a cuppa joe and were enticed by the wonderful scents of fresh baked goods and coffee.  The cafe looks the same but there's a different menu. (Still carrying Boar's Head products.)  I love how comfortable this little gem is.  There's a reading area with comfy couches around a flat screen tv and fireplace. I think that they even have free WiFI! We purchased a cinnamon crunch bagel and a whole wheat bagel and got our two free coffees.  I am not a coffee connisseur, but my husband is and he loved it!  I usually have more milk than coffee in mine.  I could tell that it was a bold coffee, hot and fresh.  The bagels!!!! Wow, I've never had bagels so fresh!  We moved here to AZ where I haven't found a replacement for my favorite Panera Bread cinnamon crunch bagel until NOW!  The top wasn't piled high with sugar and cinnamon but who needs that anyway? It did have a bit, though.  I will be back this week for lunch and to buy a loaf of bread.  They sell several different types.  I'm going to try the spelt first. Don't let Carden's close again- go now!PS- Closed on Mondays!!
1	If I could travel back in time 30 minutes, I would just so I could punch myself in the face for opting to try this place.For starters, this is NOT a coffee shop.  While they are trying to angel themselves as such, they fail in that attempt.  Their failure really isn't any surprise, as the coffee menu was very limited and the girl behind the counter clearly wasn't a barista.  I ordered a latte, for lack of my normal (seemingly generic) mocha being on the menu.  After 10 minutes, I finally got it only to have it taste like what I assume old engine oil tastes like.They also fail at being a bakery.  I don't want to be too harsh, but if I wanted a Fry's croissant, I'd go to Fry's.  They have a very limited bakery selection with their display having little more than a few cookies.I will give them credit that their prices are cheap.  I also give the girl behind the counter credit.  She was having to wear 4 hats at once.  She worked hard and was very nice.  And they do have a lot of space.  But I really can't see myself going back, which is sad because there aren't a lot of independent coffee shops in this part of Chandler.
4	We tried Carden's for lunch today, and found it very nice. We went once under the previous management and found it too expensive and not very good, but decided to try under the new management as we like to support local business. We had a the grilled club sandwich with chips and cottage cheese along with a small chocolate chip cookie. The bread was very good, along with the Boar's Head meat which makes a huge difference. The chips were bland, but the cookie excellent. The prices are much more reasonable than before, and we both considered this a good value. We haven't tried any of the coffee, nor baked good, but we'll return and report back. If like us, you believe in supporting local business please give Carden's a try. we think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
