2	I dropped in here for my first visit to this CiCi's, mostly to compare it to the one on Thomas Rd. that I visit regularly.  I was greeted by a friendly hostess & got situated into a comfortable booth.The house soup was good (Chicken Macaroni this time), as was the pre-tossed Bit Ranch salad, one of two styles available.  (You can ask them to make you a customized salad instead, if you like.)  A number of pizza types are always out at CiCi's, and the taste varies from blah to very good.  They do well with pepperoni, especially the deep dish square cut style, & if you don't see it out, you can ask them to cook one up.Three TVs blabbing away was a big "Minus" for me; I'm here to EAT, thank you!  The Thomas Rd. store is quieter, & also set up better, in my opinion, so from now on I'll stick with that one, between these two.My friends & I all agree that CiCi's pizza is better than that at Peter Piper or Pepi's, and this buffet is an amazing value at $4.99 (& sometimes $3.99!).
4	I think the other guy was kinda harsh, this place is kept fairly clean, and you can't be at the price. Ordering to go is the real deal in my eyes, we ordered 6 large custom pizzas, a large order of cheesesticks, and a large order of cinnamon rolls for 42 dollars flat. Perfect for fight night with the friends. They made everything fresh, did not skimp, and had me verify that every single pizza was correct and looked ok. They always have a friendly staff, and are always fairly tidy. Yes the crowd sometimes can be a little off the normal, and the pizza is not always glamorous, but it's very cheap, and top rated for healthy dining in mens health magizine. The manager is a nice guy, we have talked to him a few times before, and he runs a good establishment, and seems to keep the staff in good spirits/ help when needed. I think the guy below kinda shaftd them on the stars so I gave them a extra one. You can have them make you anything you want, but my top 3 favorite pizza's are the deep dish pep., the macaroni, and the buffalo wing / sausage are tied for 3rd. The also have white pizzas that are a healthier option I believe. Overall it's a good plce for a fast easy and cheap meal. I hope you guys enjoy it.
4	CiCi's was one of the places I was really excited to go to once I moved to AZ from WA because they always played commercials for them but there aren't actually any restaurants in Washington!It was smaller than I expected it to be but not having any other comparison I'm not counting that as a bad thing.  The hostess who greeted us was very friendly and made sure we knew what our options were for dining and she gave us her name in case we had any questions.  Pretty good service for a buffet if you ask me.Being as I had never been to a CiCi's before and that I was really hungry when I went, I tried pretty much everything they had to offer.  I had a couple different types of pizza, both of which were very good I thought.  They had just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  The amount of toppings kind of depended on which piece you picked, some had a lot, some had just one or two toppings on the entire piece.The salad was good as well, I had the pre-made Italian style one.  I liked it, I would have liked to have had croutons either already in the salad or the option to add them but it's not a deal breaker so I got over it.Moving on to my favorite part...dessert!  I had one of each of the three desserts they had out and I enjoyed all of them.  The brownies were nice and soft and had a good flavor.  The apple crumb pizza thing tasted JUST like apple pie but in a less messy, smaller serving size.  The sticky buns were my favorite though.  They were very light and fluffy and had just the right amount of frosting, not too much that you had a sugar overload but not so little that you feel like you're eating a biscuit.I left feeling very satisfied with myself for getting good food for such a cheap price and I will definately be returning in the future!
3	The staff was very nice and helpful and the resteraunt was clean. The food was ok, but what can you expect from a $4 buffett?
2	If you clicked on this review. I know you aren't expecting a night of fine dining. It's CiCi's pizza for crying out loud! There are much better pizza joints in the valley. The pizza there isn't much different then pizza you can get at the store. Its not going to knock your socks off by any means. Plus side, it is a buffet. It's a good place to take the kids after school so they can pig out on pizza on the cheap. Even if it is a bootleg version ofPeter Piper and Chuck E. Cheese. And really u should only go in there if you have a kid. If I see a grown ass man in there by himself eating pizza. Im going to be wondering if he's in violation of his parole/probation if you know what I mean. And if I see a couple in there on a date. Then im going to guess whoever thought of going to that place for a date. Is planning on dumping the person they asked.
4	Very friendly but need to work on the bathroom
4	Walk in, waddle out. I love Cici's. The only spot in town where you can grub on 10 different pizzas and salad for only $6.50! The desert pizza is outstanding ; ) The area gets a little rough at night, so make sure you finish up your mass consumption of food by sundown.
5	Always friendly, ready to take request for any kid of pizza. Restroom could use a little bit more of cleaning.
5	As far as pizza goes, Cici's is fair.  The 5 stars is for the treatment my 4th grade students received when we went there on a field trip.You may be asking yourself..."A field trip? To Cici's Pizza?"  Why yes! It's all about FRACTIONS!  This is our yearly field trip to close out our unit on fractions.  The kids pay $3.00 and they get a fairly good sized pizza (I think it's their medium) and a drink.  They also get a tour of the kitchen.  When they finish their tour, they are allowed to build their own pizza.  They can put pepperoni's on their pizza however they would like.  They were kind enough to accommodate my student who is a vegetarian and gave her a few veggie options to choose from.  I also asked them to cut each pizza into different fractional parts...some were cut into 6, 8, or 10 pieces.  Each kiddo had to then calculate how much pizza they had eaten and other fun stuff!  Now for the 5 stars...the staff!  They were SOOOOOOOOO friendly and were eager to share their jobs with my kids.  They encouraged them to ask questions and were just plain awesome!  My kids and I (and our parent chaperones) had an amazing time.  The pizza was delicious, as the teacher, I got to make my own...looked horrible, but tasted delicious!  Thank you to the staff at Cici's for  making our field trip so much fun! We had an educational experience but also really had a blast!Thanks!
5	This 5-star review is based on overall experience, as opposed to culinary "deliciousness", although the pizza was pretty good! My 4th graders and I recently took our yearly field trip to this location as part of our "Fractions Unit".  When we arrived, the staff was completely ready to go, despite the fact that they were swamped making the pizza orders for the local high school.  The general manager himself happily greeted my students, took them on a personal tour of the location, and answered all their questions with patience and a smile on his face.  Everything was clean, organized, and everyone was very accommodating!In regards to the food, everything was fresh, hot and tasted great! The students were all allowed to decorate their own pizzas, and the staff encouraged them to be creative with their pepperoni designs.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience, and I know the kids and I both had a great time!
2	Pizza is normally cold and hard- tables not clean, restaurant dirty.  Crowded, dirty restrooms... i could go on all day.  The pizza is bad, to say it nicely.  Only good thing here is the price.
1	The most disgusting "restaurant" I've ever been to. Apparently there are no health inspectors in Glendale. See my photos got more info.
4	CiCi's Pizza is a true bargain. I'm not going to say that this is anywhere close to my favorite pizza, because it is far from it, but having said that it is much better than you would expect for the price. When we went the pizza was good and fresh. Even the desserts were tasty, which is rare for a buffet. If you are a really big pizza eater like me you will have a hard time finding a better value than this. I plan on visiting more!
4	Still going there and it's a great bargain for great pizza. If they don't have the pizza that you want out on the buffet, just ask the staff and they will cook it up for you and bring it out to the table. Overall the staff are very nice considering the stress factor that they have to deal with from some customers with poor manners. Figure on 7 bucks for lunch pizza and soda.
4	Cici's great food great bargain. Every time we go the staff is great and on top of everything. Place is clean and fun.
4	I enjoy CiCi's Pizza. They don't have the highest quality pizza or anything, but it's all-you-can-eat and when you get it fresh, it's good! And their desserts are scrumptious. They've got cinnamon rolls, Bavarian dessert pizza, apple dessert pizza, and brownies. For the pizza I tend to stick with pepperoni and cheese varieties. Sometimes they don't put sauce on them so I like to dip in marinara sauce. The thin crust pepperoni is one of the best. Today they also had cheesy (not just garlic) breadsticks and mac & cheese alongside the marinara and alfredo sauces. It was a very weak cheese sauce and cold though. The unsweetened iced tea was very good today. You can also request specialty pizzas and my boyfriend asked for a BBQ pizza and I asked for a mac & cheese pizza. They brought us whole "individual" sized pizzas! We were only able to eat half of each and didn't want to waste the leftovers. I figured since you can buy pizzas to go there, we asked if we could pay to take our pizza home. They allowed it for a minimal charge. :)
4	All the soda flavors are flat. The Pizza is good for the money. The salad bar is good. Try the house dressing in the yellow top container, it tastes just like olive gardens. Saw a small unattended kid though ... He was picking up the small tomatoes, sucking on them, then blowing them back into the salad, seriously. Can get loud at times. But like I said, all the soda's are flat. They were flat about a month ago too. I asked the manager, they went and checked something and said everything is working OK. So don't say I warned you. Unless they finally made a change, go for the water.
