1	yuck.......Is it me or has McDonalds food gotten smaller & grosser?I saw they had the McRib making a limited time comeback so I was feeling all nostalgic and thought I'd give it a go.Big mistake..worse than any school lunch pork patty-by the 3rd bite I was already nauseous. How does McDonalds stay open the food is sooo terrible and its not even cheap anymore.Do quality food establishment have to have a drive-thru because people have gotten so lazy they will eat any damn thing as long as they don't have to get off their asses to do it.
5	cara is best!!!!!
2	Waiting 10 minutes, still haven't gotten my order, I thought this was supposed to be fast food?
3	I needed to male a quick stop for a drink before going to a show late last night.  I stopped here, and it was quick and easy.  i was in an out in no time at all.Very efficient staff.  It was 11:15 PM, so there weren't many customers.  Still service was great!
1	I ordered two double cheeseburgers. When I got home, I found that the burger had no cheese, nor onions, ketchup, or pickles. Confused, I looked back at the receipt and it said two double cheeseburgers with no specifications and they charged me full price! Never going here again.
4	I can't believe no one has mentioned the African decor in this McDonald's.  It's different and wacky and I kind of love it.  Star!Stopped here because Boy needed to use bathroom right away.  Bathroom clean.  Star!Manager kind of reminds me of my nephew. Star!Boy wanted Cookies 'n Cream ice cream.  Ordered McFlurry with Oreos.  Star!Boy having fun in Playland.  Star!Dude sleeping in corner with head on table.  Negative star.Other than that, it's McDonald's, so what do you expect?I haven't eaten at a McDonald's in a long time, so I was kind of surprised how hard it is to read the menu.  What with all the new menu options and having to show calories and pictures, there is too much info to fit on the board.  I felt like I needed to sit down with a paper menu to take it all in.
4	Actually a good experience. Order was right, temp in the building was good, employees funny, and friendly. It's done in a jungle theme, I didn't visit the rest room but my Mom did and said it was beautiful. LOL Ok, Mom...  Monopoly is back, won a breakfast sandwich but McMuffins are NOT included? WTF? Parking good, service fast, play place clean. Good place.
1	Been waiting in line for 20 minutes now. These guys are always very slow after 9pm but today was the worst!!!
4	Again, I don't think I could give any chain place a 5, but this was a good McDonalds. I'm beginning to think Yelp ratings are useless for chains like this, because we were ALMOST scared away by the 2.5. But a McDonalds is a McDonalds, how bad could it be?Well, we were very pleasantly surprised. Everyone was super friendly (like legitimately nice people friendly), and our order was correct and really good. Sometimes you get a dry burger, or old fries...everything was hot, fresh, and delicious. It really hit the spot, and we at least learned the lesson that there's no point looking at Yelp reviews for McDonalds. Ironic that I'm now writing one :p
4	Experience:  my nephews were in town, 8 and 4, and they were cooped up in the house during the cold weather. I looked up online to find a close McDonalds with a playground and this came up. We arrived around 6:30 at night. Facility:  this is one of the best parts about this McDonald's.  It was obviously recently built or remodeled. It also had a safari theme, so the decor was cooler than any other McDonald's I've seen. The playground area kept the kids interest the whole time. There were lots of bronze statues of animals in and outside of the restaurant. Service:  rarely are the servers at McDonald's nice, but these folks were friendly and brought the food to us back in the playground area. Food:  fries were hot and fresh!  Yes!!!!!Overall:  for a fast food spot, this place was top notch. I will be back, especially if I have any kids in tow.
