4	I really like the variety of products in the store. There isn't much space, but they utilize their product space pretty well. I also enjoy the different products available and they have a lot of testers for you to try before you make a decision.The prices for most products are clearly marked with a sticker. The staff are really friendly when you get them talking. The only thing I didn't like is that they don't greet you when you come in and they don't ask you if you neee any help. I wanted to ask a few questions, but just went with products I was familiar with instead of trying something new. The associate was nice enough to give me samples of their newest products as I left.
1	We visited K-town because we're familiar with other Asian cosmetic stores with good service and unique products that work real well (e.g. ginseng extract). The store has good quality products overall (e.g. makeup and face care). Though I find that their makeup is marketed towards a 25 and under crowd, as evidenced by the light and bright colors, cartoonish themes, heavy use of fragrance and adolescent looking models. I'm still young, but am over that phase. We visited this store twice. And the second visit was our last time there for the following reasons below. Things went well the first time visiting there. The staff was very helpful as we were the only customers at the store. Our second visit occurred because we were going to return a serum that contained paraben. We've heard a lot about how bad these estrogen mimicking chemicals are. We were willing to exchange the unopened bottle for another facial care product. However, upon walking into the store, we saw that the staff was unhelpful and rude. There were other Korean customers (grown women) there who were very loud and occupying the register area like unruly children; and suddenly we no longer existed. It kind of reminds me of seeing men who go for homely women in times of skinny cows and when they get a hottie, they kick that lady to the curb.  When we finally got service, the sales rep was getting ready to give us a hard time to make the exchange/return. We explained to her that the serum contained paraben and that we do not use products with this chemical. Whether she understood us or not, I cannot say due to the language barrier. The day before, the same sales rep was real sweet, attentive and told us about their flexible exchange/return policy. What a difference a day makes. At that time, we were willing to purchase other cosmetics. Then, the sales rep disappeared to the back and left us unattended for several minutes. We had to flag a newbie sales rep to get this woman to the front. Whether this was a strategy to refuse the exchange/refund and make us leave is unclear; but that was so unacceptable! At this point, we did not think it was worth to continue with this business transaction, so we asked for our money back. Suddenly the sales rep was apologetic, but the damage was already done.The very high prices, ambiguous exchange/return policy and the products dearth of English labels is so not worth it. One can find similarly priced and even less expensive products at a department store cosmetic counter (Fashion Show comes to mind) with much better customer service and a written return policy on their receipts. Receipts are like contracts.
1	I went here a few times after lunch to buy a few products. Their prices for some products are decent for being imported (specifically the skincare and hair care products!) I just go here for convenience when I don't want to wait for shipping haha. I also wanted to buy a new bb cream here since I ran out but their prices are waaay more expensive. They don't sell Lioele here, but their Missha and Skin79 bb cream is x 3-4 the amount you'd pay from a reputable eBay or Amazon seller. The last time I visited here was on a slow afternoon and the only lady working kept following me as if I was going to steal something when all I wanted to do was look around the store and buy Shiseido sunscreen on my way out. Nothing more annoying than being cramped in a small space while an associate is following behind you every single corner. I'll take my business somewhere else or online - -"
