4	All-In-Entertainment is a company who hosts free entry No Limit Texas Hold 'Em poker tournaments Valley-wide at area bars every night of the week.  Depending on the day-of-the-week, you may have up to 12 options where to play in a tournament around the Phoenix metro and they typically have at least one selected bar in every reach of the Valley -- even the sticks like Goodyear, Surprise, and Peoria.Back when this company started during the NL craze [maybe in 2005 or so], there were masses of people nightly at each spot.  Now, attendance has died down a bit, but there are still plenty of participants and a semi-regular tournament of the board leaders to showdown against each other for prizes like, oh, entry into the WSOP satellite events.  Yeah, kind of a big deal.The dudes who run this impress me as they have really built up their business despite the fleeting phenomena of NL Texas Hold Em, but it appears they are still going strong ... and that small venture that started in Phoenix has expanded to 7 other cities in 4 other states, including Oregon and California.  Pretty impressive.  If you want some practice for Vegas, you should use the opportunity of going against real-live competition for minimal risk [actually, no risk, as it is completely free except for the beers and possibly food you buy at whatever local pub you happen to be playing at -- and you should bc its how they keep their business thriving].  IMO, it is much more valuable of a Vegas prep than going against some aggressive online dweeb in Elk City, Oklahoma.
3	This is the league I play in at various venues around the valley. I would normally give this a 4 star review because it's fairly well organized and fun and it's tough to fault "free." However, this loses one star because the owner owes me 100 bucks and refuses to pay me. They have a referral program where if you get a bar or restaurant to sign up with this company and host events, you get $100. Well, I referred a bar like two years ago and I have yet to be compensated. The owner dodges my calls and emails and I just find his behavior to be shady. Outside of that, this is a great league to play in - it's a fantastic way to learn how to play poker and it's a great way to meet people. If you're good (and lucky), you just might win a seat to the WSOP. It's also a good way to earn free drinks or food at whatever bar or restaurant you play.I have friends who work for this company and I have met some really fantastic people through it. If you have any interest in poker, you should really go to the website and find the nearest place to play.
4	I have been playing Texas Hold 'em for about a year now, and this league is probably the best one to play at in Maricopa County.  They have 8-10 local pubs in the East Valley alone where you can play, and the events are pretty well attended and run quite professionally.  It's a great venue to use as practice for money tournaments at the local Native American casinos or Vegas. Not to mention I've met & dated two cute girls from these events!
