4	So we got a 100 dollar food credit to this steakhouse while staying at the trop.  Otherwise, we might not have ever set foot in this place.  You just don't think "nice steak dinner" and also think Tropicana, but that's actually a mistake.  Once we got beyond the host desk all of a sudden the decor looked nice and modern and elegant, and we were in a fancypants restaurant.  We didn't expect that at all!The caesar salad was HUGE and delicious, and the filet medallions oscar were tasty as well.  Almost undercooked for the medium I asked for, but I didn't actually mind it once I started eating.  I added a lobster tail and though it was a little dry, it was nothing a little drawn butter couldn't  cure.  My husband got the prime rib and crab legs and had nothing but awesome things to say about both - as well as the horseradish that came with.The service was excellent and it was a great and intimate meal that I thoroughly enjoyed.  It wasn't the best food I'd ever had, but it was definitely a high point of the trip!
3	Not really sure how we ended up at this restaurant.  We were greeted and seated promptly but that is where it goes down hill.  I don't think many of the servers knew the food that was being served.  I asked for a recommendation and got a "Everything is good" response.  We asked how much the drinks we ordered and we got a " Don't worry about it" response.  After getting the drinks we lost our server for about 20 minutes.  A that point I got annoyed enough to ask another server for a different group of tables to take our order.  I got a semi deconstructed Ceasar Salad.  The salad was fine.  They also served some cheddar bacon biscuit thing that was pretty good.  I had the ribeye and my partner got the prime rib.   I asked for mine to be med rare but ended up getting it med done.  I didn't care to send the food back at this point.  The food overall was fine but was not worth the price.  The service was horrid.
3	We were staying at Trop (see awful review) and were running late for a reservation somewhere else.  We had been passing this place all weekend and in a hurry decided, why not?  It wasn't bad.  If you want lobster, they have 2 tails for $19.95, which is what I had.  They were average size and tasty.  A good deal for Vegas.
4	We had a nice dinner here around 8pm. No wait, but service was a bit slow. Food took a while to cook. Free unique looking sourdough bread that was crunchy with butter. Food:Shrimp entree- unique sauce with like 6 huge prawnsNY Steak- tender, good sizelobster macaroni- tasted healthy, but came with good pieces of lobsterService- refilled water attentively. Friendly waiter.Slightly expensive. Quiet atmosphere but people bring their kids too. This place would have been romantic if kids didn't eat there, but we were seated at this booth in the corner so we had our privacy. Small cozy place.
3	I rather enjoyed my meal here, but the service needs some immediate attention.  There was no wait when we walked and we were seated right away. We had a coupon for staying in the hotel that would get us a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 entrees. We settled on the shrimp scampi after we were told the coupon did not included the crab legs ( which gave no mention to on the actual coupon). This might have been the highlight of our meal. The sauce was delicious and buttery, but I must say that I do not like having to take the poop vein out of my own shrimp. My friend ordered the lobster bisque after the waiter strongly encouraged her to try it.  The soup never arrived. We had moved on to our mini wedge salads by then. After tracking down the server, he insisted that we didn't order the soup. Hello??? you were the one who insisted that she order it. I heard the bisque was fantastic once it finally arrived.For our main entree we both tried the 16 oz prime rib while my friend ordered a filet medium. The prime rib was decent. A nice, thick and juicy medium rare slice. We added a lot of salt to it. However the filet was practically walking around on my friends plate. Now I love me some medium rare meat but that was just plain raw. Took forever for our special server to come back and walk the mooing filet back to the kitchen. They brought it back not 2 minutes later, still mooing, definitely no where near medium.We had asked for separate checks when we originally sat down, But I'm sure you can guess that the server still brought out one check and then took another 2 years to bring us back the split checks. Once we gave him our credit cards it still took forever to get those back. I have no idea what his issue was, he honestly just seemed a little special.Food was tasty but service left much to be desired.
