4	Good place to get stylish clothes for bonus sized girls but they are not carrying the size range they once use to. The sales are good and sales people are friendly. Dressing rooms are very good sized with a comfy bench. If you buy full price it can be s little pricy but in my experience the clothes last. They sell a good selection of undergarments that don't look like your grandmothers closet too ;)
2	This Avenue is in the weirdest location. This strip mall on Thunderbird is just such a strange place to put a womens clothing store. I don't really care for Avenue's clothes. I think they lack inspiration and style which is very common in plus-size women's category. Thank goodness I am now in the smallest size they carry and working hard to bust out of there all together. The day I walked in was a fluke since I had just gotten a tea at the Starbucks in their center. I needed a pair of plain boring black shorts for summer and they had a lot of summer things on sale. I found a pair at 50% off immediately. It was kind of strange because there was only one other customer in the store with me and the saleslady appeared to be there alone. Then a man came in and greeted her. It was clear that he was a boyfriend/husband?? And he just hung out.... and hung out...and hung out. She made no attempt to help anyone but just hung out with him...not folding...not hanging..not working...just hanging out. So I picked out two things and stood by the counter waiting for some help. I finally had to catch her eye across the store and she then moved and said "Let me get you a dressing room"....Uh....no...i didn't ask for a dressing room...I wanted to buy the items. She seemed put out and came up and rang me out. All in all...just strange. I won't be sad if I don't have a reason to shop there again.
4	Nice lil shop for the thick and curvy ladies. High prices, but they have great sales. Also sign up for their mailing list to get awesome coupons. And it's tucked away in a a strip mall that's got all kinds of odd shops and restaurants. Yeah it's strange, but in a good way.
