4	With all its dusty, well thumbed books displayed lovingly in the window, the Book Exchange stands out in this particular part of Leith (because it's not a tacky bargain store, hurrah!)I am enraptured by the gorgeous, old fashioned tiling on the shop fronting, but am equally impressed with the stock. Selling a range or used books, I was under the impression when I visited that stock is unpredictable in here - but that keeps it interesting. They had a wide mix of books which seems to be expanded regularly, so you need to keep going back!Because it was so quiet when I visited, I was a bit too timid to ask if it is a bonafide book exchange. From what I could see they specialise in selling books, but due to the name I'm sure they may actually allow you to take used novels in to replace them with some of their existing stock. The owner was pretty friendly, so next time I'm in I'll be sure to ask and write an update for y'all. There's a few novels I read at uni which were (and I say this diplomatically) pants. So I would quite like to get rid of them and find an exciting old book in here, please. Watch this space.
4	I, like Marj, am still not sure as to whether this place will accept books as payment on other books (they dont exactly make it clear)- but this was just because I stumbled into this place very much by mistake and I didnt have a boom to test the theory with.Other than that though, I realised that I actually quite like this place. It's full of every sort of book you could possibly imagine - a huge range of modern, old, classic and rare books seem to fill every noom and cranny. But be warned, i didnt think this was the cheapest of book store I had ever been in, and while I would more than happily pay the asking price for one of those rare books, I'm feeling a bit miffed at the price of some of the less collectable books on offor.
3	I'll start with the bad and then I'll move onto the good, because there is one thing about this shop that makes it very frustrating.  This is the fact that its owners have never decided to organise the books and put them in categories on bookshelves.  As it is you have to trawl through massive piles of books.  Now it would only take a week to sort out these books and I'll settle for just categorising, but alphabetical listings would be ideal.  As it is you'll find it hard to find what you want and the result is that you are unlikely to buy anything from here.The good is that if you buy a book and if you no longer want it you'll be able to return it for half the price you paid for it.  However, don't expect to sell all your books here as they're not selling enough and the stocks pilling up so you're unlikely to find a willing buyer.  The books themselves are reasonably priced - the problem is finding them.
