2	My first trip was for lunch. My waiter sold me on the Lunch Special (fried shrimp and crab cakes with pineapple salsa, (see pics)$ 15 But I Love quiche so I had to order that too (see pics) $10 Thank God I ordered both, these were smaller than appetizers, I was told that Lunch had full size portions? O well I guess~ at least it was really good.~ Although I did have a problem with the shrimp, it tasted like cleaner, they brought me a couple more crab-cakes instead. side note*= tables have no salt, pepper or sweeteners, I ordered an ice tea and still was not offered any sugar.Second trip Brunch= I had already made reservations for brunch prior to my first visit. So here we are again no salt and pepper or sweeteners, there was 3 of us and only two table setting up until right before our food came out. Ordered Ice tea and still had to ask for sweeteners. What we ordered: Ham and biscuits=Fresh Baked Biscuits, Virginia Ham, Poached Eggs, Champagne Hollandaise (see pics) $12The "ham" was not ham but extremely cheap and salty prosciutto, I put it aside, the rest was quite good although rather tiny. I informed the waiter , he comes back with the chefs apologies and some lame excuse saying "well its American prosciutto that's why we call it ham" WTH the menu says Virginia ham? Virginia Ham Monte Cristo=Edwards and Sons Ham, Sourdough French Toast, Swiss Cheese (see pics) $11. Very Good, probably the best thing between us all and it had the ham that it described. Sunny Side Up Eggs=Organic Eggs, Smoked Bacon, Hash Browns (see pics) $9This was not on the kids menu by the way and very sadly it was served with Denny's hash-browns, this is a fancier restaurant shouldn't those be taboo?? Buttermilk Pancakes=House-made Butter, Fig and Peach Syrup (see pics) $10They tasted good but that does not make up for the fact that they were served with NO BUTTER and COLD SYRUP and a little burnt as you can see!!!Let me sum it all up for you: Ham and biscuits................. $12Virginia Ham Monte Cristo.....$11Sunny Side Up Eggs............$9Buttermilk Pancakes...........$10 Having to go somewhere else for breakfast after brunch..........PRICELESS!!! I really have mixed feelings about this place, because the food is quite good but really overpriced for the portion size. I mean I do go to a restaurant to EAT for God's Sake!It might be cheaper to invest in a Lap Band Surgery than to try and go here and get full.I have to go with 2.5 stars
3	Ok, my first and only experience was today when we went in for dessert in the mid-afternoon.  So, when we walked in, my fellow lunch buddy, Sarah G told the (i think) manager that she has been here before, food was excellent, but portions were way too small.  I was extremely unimpressed with the snooty way the manager responded.  "I have never heard that before."  Then when Sarah G went to the bathroom, I told him that I haven't been there before, he just responded to me, "I don't get your friend at all.  This is FINE DINING."  And he walked away.I loved the atmosphere and the Creme Brulee was AWESOME!  I just think that the customer service from the waitstaff (when I order iced tea, I think it is only right to be informed that it is nasty flavored iced tea) to the manager needs a lot of work for such a "fine dining" experience.
5	I've only been there for their wine tastings....YUM!  They had a 5 course meal with 5 different bottles of wine.  They even made special arrangements for my wife since she's a vegetarian (and we didn't tell them ahead of time).  Her food was almost better than mine!  It was so good that we made reservations for their next one!
2	What the heck! We tried going here for lunch today, they were closed. Their hours posted said that they should have been open at 11, but no, kinda sucks cause we were excited to do something different.Maybe we'll try again soon.
5	6 course wine dinner last night was excellent!  6 different wines, and 6 absolutely delicious courses.  Staff was extremely attentive and happy to help with special needs of my wife (vegetarian).  Her dinners were as good and some even better than mine!  h
5	It is extremely necessary that I update my review...This is about the atmosphere and hospitality that I received last night. While it is true that I was there with a friend who is a regular there, the staff couldn't have been more personable and engaging to me.  Antonio and Robert (I so hope I got the names right!) treated me like they had known me forever, which gave me that warm and fuzzy feeling inside.  My Pinot Grigio was chilled just right.  I would love to try one of Cork's wine dinners sometime, since all I hear are rave reviews about it.  I am going to write another update on Saturday when I go back there to try some yummy quiche. :)
4	First time dining experience at Cork last weekend. We went on a Saturday night, the prefer reservations, but with a short 20-30 minute wait (good thing AJ's fine grocers is a few doors down)  time went by quickly..I tried the Dr. Pepper braised Buffalo Short Rib with Okinawan sweet potato puree.. Was very tender, flavorful and not gamey tasting at all. I would recommend the Shiraz  with it.. I had a salad which was light and flavorful. Their bread service is excellent also.. However their deserts are lacking for such a nice boutique restaurant. I tried the flight of sorbets, which was mixed with different alcohols to enhance flavors, what it did is made them more of a slushy.. I would advise on 3 or 4 main courses for 2 people, as the plates are smaller portions..
5	2 year anniversary last night...Tymn (our waiter) was GREAT!  Robert suggested a great bottle of wine (which we took one home too)!  My wife just told the chef to "surprise her"...which he did!  First Course:He made a fresh spinach, heirloom tomato and walnut pesto with scallions and bruschetta.  I had a salad with cayenne blue cheese and carmel corn and vinaigrette.Second course:Udon salad with honey cayenne praline cashews and schezuan vinaigrette.I had the ostrich with pesto fresh mozzarella cheese heirloom tomatoes. Third course:Wild Mushroom couscous with walnuts and truffle oil.I had the Opah with a crab bisque and Udon noodles.
5	The menu is very impressive, and they change it monthly   I.LOVE.THAT.  We wanted to try Cork out a while ago, but showed up for lunch and they were closed. We are so glad that we weren't disappointed enough to blow this place off. The Staff: awesome.The Decor: love it. The Live Flamenco Guitarist: fantastic. ...and now the menu. We weren't even hungry going here, we had already had T-day leftovers for dinner, just wanted a few drinks, but after checking out the menu and hearing the special, we had to try something. They do small plates, which was perfect. Here is a short list of what I remember from the menu: AntelopeOstrichOxtailFoie Gras Boar, this is what we tried and only pleasant things come to mind when thinking back about the dish, and it was served with an amazing beet risotto. Oh and they altered the dish for us because we wanted a side from another dish. We didn't ask, the bartender heard us talking about it, and customized it for us. We will defiantly be back, a lot, like Sunday for brunch.There are some vegetarian options also.
5	We went to hevean for brunch today, and it came with complimentary mimosas! The eggs benedict were, well, heavenly as was the smoked salmon. Yummmm.
5	so, having taken leave from Yelp for far too long, I thought Cork would be the perfect entry into reviewing once more :)Jamie and I went there tonight, seeing as they were serving dinner until 9pm. however, once we'd arrived, Robert(the owner) greeted us and told us that they were in the midst of changing their hours, and that they were no longer going to be open on Mondays. he kindly offered to buy us each a glass of wine/etc. and a plate of cheese for our trouble(driving 20-25 minutes).moments later, the sous-chef came by and asked us what we 'liked'. neither of us wanted to put him to trouble, especially since they were technically closed. but he said it was no problem at all. in the meantime, Robert brought us a plate of bread with 3 dipping sides: soft herbed butter, an artichoke/lemon oil/olive oil mini-bruschetta, and a balsalmic/olive oil mix, all of which were divine.we moved to a larger table for the meal, and were absolutely blown away by what the chef presented to us: one plate was the open-faced BLT--shredded, marinated duck breast, seared foie gras, crisp smoky bacon, and sliced duck breast...all atop a thick, butter-soaked, toasted slice of ciabatta, spread with truffle aioli and with 25-year-aged sweet balsalmic on the side.the other plate consisted of: a small salad of micro-greens and chunks of (nutty) beets tossed in sweet vinaigrette, cold smoked antelope served with a side of sweet balsalmic, beef tartare and almost-crisp onions(in a mound) topped with a poached quail egg, and sea-salt-dusted crisps with a wedge of creamy, buttery brie.as for the drinks, I started with a glass of Spanish red wine(can't remember which, though the grape varietal started with 'M'--juicy, smooth, with hints of leather). then Robert poured me a glass of Malm(very smooth--hints of lead, but not a strong overtone of it like many wines I've tried--very sweet and easy on the tongue). Jamie had a glass of sauternes...an Australian Somilloun that was very sweet without being saccharine and overwhelming--absolutely addicting :)throughout the meal, Robert stopped by, showing us the utmost attention and discussing the delicacies we were enjoying. for dessert, Jamie enjoyed the Banana Creme Pie, laced with dark chocolate sauce and accompanied by baby banana brulee(exceptional!). I had the flight of sorbets(all wine based)--pear, cherry zinfandel, and watermelon--the pear was my favorite, but the watermelon and cherry were splendid together...so--the end of the meal--Robert didn't charge us for any of our drinks(my 2 glasses of red wine, the 2 glasses of sauternes, and Jamie's dirty martini), and they charged us half-price for our food--not at ALL what we'd expected. I was somewhat embarrassed for putting the staff to test on their night off, but they all went above and beyond anything we've ever experienced--this night was one of the best we've ever experienced, and we'll be back again tomorrow night for half-off-wine-night :)
5	My Wife and I dined at Cork on March 15, 2009 and this time it was for 1 year anniversary. I called earlier in the week to make a reservation and informed them it was our anniversary. When we arrived we were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. When we sat down they presented a menu to us that said " Happy 1st Anniversary Jason & Meg" ... Such a great personal touch. For an App we ordered the Lion Paw Scallop & Braised Short Rib with Polenta fry and Wilted Spinach. We also ordered salads I had the Baby Iceberg Lettuce salad.. she had the Organic green salad that has spiced caramel popcorn on top. For dinner she had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and I had the Grilled Organic Oregon Lamb Chop...  The plates are small portions and just enough for a single person without feeling stuffed.I would not hesitate to recommend anyone Cork. Their service and friendliness are top notch.. Please try a local non chain restaurant like Cork in Chandler.. You will be surprised and delighted!
5	I have never, ever had food so delish in my life.  We love this place.  It is pricey due to small portions but if you want to indulge...GO HERE!  Great wine list too!
5	A refined Happy Hour in Chandler? I almost fainted!! They have a great happy hour with specials on food and half off all drinks.  It's a steal and they have friendly, down to earth employees.  I hope they keep on going strong.  We will be back often.
5	FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!! I went w/my buddy who was buying, a good start. we started w/a martini my pal asked for a olive stuffed w/blue cheese the bartender said he did not have one but would have the chef stuff a couple........NICE......we had the scallop dish,duck,foisga and somthig else I forget a nice bottle of wine we split the cream brulee for desert and then the bar tender offered us a taste of absenth nice touch.....excellent food,service and ambieance          a little pricey but well worth it
1	Don't waste your time!!!! This restaurant is terrible. They describe themselves to you by saying they have smaller portions like it's a good thing to charge $15 for less food, but smaller is an understatement. They served a "Salami platter" with exactly one (1) slice of salami on it, (seriously), a teaspoon of balsamic vinegar, 3 crackers, 4 slices of cheese that tastes like feet, one tblsp of jam and one of thick ranch dressing that they call mousse. All of this for the low, low price of $12. Their desserts are tiny, and the chocolate peanut butter one had a description that would make any Reese's lover want it consisted of three tiny little brown crackers that tasted more like cardboard than the chocolate it was supposed to be, with several tiny dollops of some light brown paste that tasted a little like cream cheese with a dash of peanut butter thrown in. There was a chocolate cage on top which tasted good, but that wasn't worth the $6 I paid. To top it all off, the waitress was terrible and snarky.If you want good, authentic Italian food with similar prices but decent portions, try Tutti Santi. It has a great wine selection and bar, and the food is sensational.
4	In a very nice strip mall but the area is struggling so the AJ's has a big sale and looks like it may be closing down.  It's a shame because places like this get lost in the demise of a strip mall.  Lots of people live around there so hopefully they will maintain it.  First time here and really enjoyed it.  We sat in the bar and had a wine flight each, $7 each.  Good deal and pretty decent wines.  The bread with three side choices was nice but the bread could have been a touch more fresh.  Now the important part, the actual food.  They have a fried chicken tender app or you can get it as a breast in an entree.  It comes with mash potatoes, green beans, and a nice hearty brown gravy.  During happy hour it's only $7 and very good.  The halibut entree was very good.  It had crab and gnocchi, very tasty.  The banana cream pie dessert wasn't a piece of pie.  It was a cross between pie and mousse texture.  Really good but a little too sweet.  Overall, the portion are not huge but will satisfy you.  The quality is very good.  The bartender that came out to our table to serve us was very cool.  He let us try a sample of a unique vodka that he recommended and overall was a good guy.  That's always a nice touch at a restaurant.  Servers and bartenders that actually care and are social.  Check it out.
5	I'm not sure exactly what we had but it was all very tasty.  We got an appetizer and 2 or 3  entrees to share (2 people).  We also got a dessert.  The portions are very small which is what we need and maybe not what we want.  It allows you to get some incredible ingredients without taking a 2nd mortgage.  However, do not be fooled by the $$ cost rating of 11-30 a person.  That is the funniest thing I have ever heard.  We did get a bottle of wine also (great prices on wine) and it was well over $120 for our meal.  The portions are small but not the price.  I am not complaining but I hope some people don't expect a full size meal for the price and get disappointed.  Go in there expecting to try some new and delicious flavors.  You will not have a bad meal.  It isn't snooty and the light-weight wine drinkers can get a little loud.  This place is unique for the area and I would love to have more places like it.  It is nearly impossible to run a quality place like this without having the alcohol sales to carry the business.  I think we all know why fine dining is lacking in the southeast valley.  Hopefully there are enough people to support it.  This place has an incredible (and overwhelming) wine selection.  Don't be shy, say "I want to spend $X and pick me something tasty." They have one private room for parties, a patio, a bar, booths and tables.  Cork is a very cool place and I strongly recommend giving it a shot.
5	Wow went hear for my 10th anniversary and Cork did a great job personalized menus congratulating us (nice touch).  The menu was varied and delicious and my wife and I enjoyed several well proportioned courses together, paired with wines we left more than satisfied. Cork has a daring chef willing to impress with top quality ingredients and precise execution, we loved every bite it was a food adventure. I would rank Cork up there with any of the valleys finest restaurants.  For the best value in fine dining you have to check this place out .  I just came back from a trip to Dublin Ireland and went out to a couple of there finest restaurants and I would say that Cork had them beat.  Truly a find of a restaurant.  I will be back
3	This restaurant is located in a strip mall. The decor is dark, hip, and modern.  The wait staff is friendly however not overbearing.  The menu selection is  average, a mix of fusion, and American. The food we ordered was prepared well and had nice presentation. We tried the risotto, pork tenderloin, and 2 fish plates. All were pleasant to the palate. The wine selection was reasonable but the "by the glass " selection was very small. It's worth trying this restaurant if you have some dollars to spend and some time to enjoy the relaxing environment.
5	Again with the five stars...I met up with Aileen, Violeta, and Brynn last night to experience their happy hour menu.  Great prices, awesome food, and even better drinks!  I had the Prime Better Burger...the burger was a little undercooked for medium, but I didn't mind it that much.  (Yes I did put up a little fuss...but if anybody knows me - that's typical) and the short rib that was on top of the burger was perfection!!!  I had two of their drinks (I can't for the life of me remember the first one that I had, but I thought the Floral champagne cocktail was the bomb!!!  Made me extra happy.If for anything else, the service is always top notch...and it was extra special nice of Robert the owner (who always makes me feel so welcome) sent over to our a table a glass for each of us of this dessert wine that he just got in.  And he also took time out to explain the new Sunday night dinner with wine pairings that Cork is offering, plus the Sunday Brunch and his ideas for Thanksgiving.I know that Cork is out of the way for most of you...but if you are ever out in the area, please stop by.  It is so worth it.
4	10/29Met Violeta H. for happy hour.  Loved the atmosphere here!  Warm shades of amber and gold, and textures of cork, wood, and metal married beautifully.  It was only later, when presented w/ paybooks that looked and felt like cork, that I noticed that the floor tile was made to look like cork!  Cunning, this, I thought.  [In our excitement to finally try Cork for the first time, I'd neglected to tell V. that Andrea K. might try to join us later on (and later still, Andrea's friend Brynn!)].Violeta and I started our most enjoyable evening by ordering champagne.  Hers was flavored w/ Kir (cherry liqueur) and mine w/ St. Germain elderflower.  It was very good, and soon it was time to order another; Violeta ordered more of the Kir, and I, impressed that she found it so great to order it again, ordered one myself.  Unfortunately, I didn't find it as agreeable, so I asked if it could be replaced with a Bellini, instead.  No problem.  This version went down smoothly, albeit too smoothly (and way too fast!), as it was much sweeter than the elderflower.  For my third flute, I went back to my original choice (if only to make the drink last longer!).  Violeta and Andrea later tried the elderflower and liked it.For our "entree," I ordered the Prime Better Burger, cooked medium, while V. ordered the grilled cheese.  My burger was decadent: bottom layer consisted of 4 oz. prime burger w/ aged cheddar, and topped w/ 4 oz. shortrib, w/ garnishes of wild mushrooms, sun-dried tomato, and aioli.  Violeta's grilled cheese was equally wicked- slices of Granny Smith apples, bacon, and brie encased in toasted cranberry-walnut bread!  While I enjoyed my burger, I found it too indulgent; I'd definitely order the grilled cheese, in a heartbeat!I think I was in the middle of finishing my entree when Andrea joined us, and may have offered her a bite, which she may have liked so much, that she ordered a burger for herself.  Such a shame that her burger, ordered medium, came out more on the rare side... I was able to talk Andrea into trying the arancini with me after failing miserably w/ Violeta :o  I thank the heavens Andrea played along, because the arancini was freakin' amazing!  Andrea and Brynn would agree!  A clear highlight of the evening.  Tonight's flavor was Marconi almond pesto.  The menu stated that the flavors change daily.  Cannot wait to return and try a new version!For dessert, Violeta ordered a sorbet trio (which I thought was a bit on the safe side; I like rich desserts!), while I asked for banana creme pie.  Beautiful presentation!  What first struck me were the banana slices- these four pieces were given the torch treatment a la creme brulee.  Loved the amber color!  Then, the white and dark chocolate cigarettes propped onto the generous mound of toasted marshmallow!  Mmm... Every slice of the fork into the pie yielded a perfect ratio of mallow, banana cream, and graham cracker crust... Even the long, narrow river of chocolate sauce in the middle was just enough to add yet another level of exquisiteness to this dessert! If you like bananas, you owe it to yourself to visit soon and order this!  What an amazing meal shared with fantastic women!  Thank you V and our new friends Andrea and Brynn!  To top the evening off, owner Robert sent us a round of late harvest Gewurtztraminer!  Funny, I was the only one who finished a pour...
5	Hubby and I went to Cork on a spur of the moment...we had the $25 special where we got a three course meal and a glass of wine.  Superb!  One of the things we loved there is the smaller portions.  But...when you added up the waiter recommended Australian pinot grigio, the bread and dipping oils/butters, the Organic Green Salad w/St. Pete's Blue Cheese, Spiced Caramel Popcorn, Pear, Aged Balsamic Vinaigrette (delicious!), the Organic Buttermilk Fried Chicken w/Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes, Haricot Vert, Brown Gravy and the sorbet made in house, I was pretty darned full when I walked out.  Everything was created masterfully.  Not only did it look beautiful but it was an amazing culinary experience.  They even pay a car service to pick you up from home and drive you home after dinner and all you have to cover is the gratuity!  Does it get any better than that?  They're having Sunday night dinners from 4-9 that are from different places.  I believe the upcoming theme is France.  I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Best high-end food I've had in the Phoenix area ever. I live in SF (near CA wine country) and this place could hold its own against some of our most impressive dining options. Kudos to the owners and chef for creating such a wonderful oasis in suburban Chandler.When we went there it was half price bottle night (Tuesday), so we were able to score a bottle of Duckhorn Sauvignon Blanc, normally $50, for $25. This is less than it sells retail. And every single food item we tried had exceptional flavor while incorporating unusual twists (like a bbq flavor in the duck confit and caramel popcorn on our salad). I really hope this restaurant's prices don't scare people away. If I lived here, I'd be coming here all the time. If the dinner tab seems a hefty cost to start, try brunch, happy hour, or maybe just a glass of wine at the bar. But this place is so worth it, especially for the half price wine special.
5	WOW-talk about a Sunday brunch done right. Simply the best beakfast/brunch we both ever had.
4	Went once for lunch a long time ago and thought, "eh," but I've been there twice recently for their Sunday night four-course theme dinners and highly recommend them. I think Cork is the best fine dining destination in the East Valley besides Kai (which is one of the two best restaurants in the entire metro area, IMO).First dinner was in late Nov. for French night, and most recently was this past Sunday for German night. It was not what you'd call "authentic" cuisine of these nations, but rather a lighter, gourmet take on some of the traditional dishes. For example, the French onion soup had a really light broth, not anything like the rich, heady, beefy broth you find in the bistros in France. But that is not a bad thing! When you're chowing down four courses, it is nice to be full, but not feel like you're going to burst at the end.The only letdown was that the sauce on the wienerschnitzel was massively over-salted. One other person in our party mentioned it first, and I had been thinking the same thing. But that's a minor detail given the value of these dinners. I would just ask that whoever makes the sauce bear that in mind for next time.Cost is $35, plus $15 if you want wine pairings with the first three courses. I have been happy with the food, wine and service both times, and look forward to future visits.
5	well once again this place has blown me away the food is a culinary monster out standing dishes wild flavors and great service hugh wine list and excellent martinis. expect to spend some money but at the end of the meal it is well worth it.
5	I met a friend here for brunch on Sunday and I'm still telling everyone I know about Cork.  The cashier at the grocery store, check.  The mailman, check.  The toddler's teachers, check.  I swear I must have drank the kool aid because I have to spread the word.  First of all complimentary mimosas and bellinis.  Decent ones too at that.  Combine that with a tasty breakfast sandwich for my friend (she decided on it before we even got there) and I settled on the special of the day, a green chili pork tostada.   While her sandwich looked good, I only had eyes for my own.  Three layers of fresh, fried corn tortillas layered with green chili pork, refried beans, fresh salsa, cheese and topped with creamy scrambled eggs.  I swear I could have started thumping my foot on the ground the way a dog does when you rub their stomach just right.  It was that good.  Really.We were first to arrive at 10:00 am and left well after 1:00.  We never felt rushed or that we were being pushed out.  In fact, the entire time we sat and talked, our waiter kept coming by and topping off our champagne.  Why can't more restaurants expect people to sit around and talk for a while?  In a sense, it was more like a meal in a European restaurant that we could take as long as we wanted.  No one was constantly opening the bill and asking if we wanted change.  We were just left in peace.I plan on working Cork into my restaurant repertoire.  The quality, customer service and price aren't often seen together.  It's probably a little out of the way (it is for me) but it is truly worth it.
4	Top quality and tasty dishes. Portions are very small for the prices. I like it but cannot justify the prices as there are many places just as good but far less expensive. If they would lower the cost or increase the portions 30% I would go often.
5	One of the finest restaurants in the Valley. Top quality ingredients in a wonderful setting. Worth the drive from anywhere. We like going for brunch on Sunday - you get bottomless champagne drinks included and food is top notch. Foodie be happy! =) Enjoy!
4	12/18/09How I LOVE this place!  The grilled cheese gets me everytime!  I'll even get cheesy (pun intended!) and borrow a few words from a popular Cowboy Ciao quote- This dish is so good, it makes me want to get naked and roll in it!  The "orangini" that night (chicken and risotto rolled together, deep-fried, then set on an marcona almond pesto) was just-OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I think I'm done w/ arancini... maybe not.  I think it was the chicken that turned me off.  Still ate both pieces, though.  Oh, but the grilled cheese!  BTW, I met a couple of friends here, who, just like me, fell in love w/ the St. Germain elderflower champagne and red wine!  Thanks for another great afternoon, Cork!
3	I was let down by yelp.  As someone that travels to new cities non-stop and is always trying new 4.5+ yelp reviews this place is a definite miss.  The salad starter was outstanding and I was expecting the same.  The venison was requested medium rare and was provided overcooked.  We returned it and received another slightly less overcooked venison.  The ahi tuna's texture and flavor were both off (I am extremely familiar with raw fish).  The steak special was a good cut of beef but oversalted.  Maybe it's good for AZ, but in LA, this place wouldn't last a year.
5	I read the reviews on Yelp and was pretty excited to check this place out. I have to say the food did live up to my expectations and was great. If you go Tues-Sunday 4-6pm you can try the "Seasonal Tasting Special". This is a great deal. You basically get salad or greens, a main dish and dessert + a glass. of wine for $25. This is a pretty good introduction to the restaurant. Also Tuesdays is half off wine night, all bottles are  1/2 price. My girlfriend also agreed this is one of the best restaurants she has been to in the Phoenix area. The menu is online and you should check it out before you go to get an idea on pricing. The portions are smaller so you may want order at least a starter and main dish if you go.The service was top notch and the ambiance was great. I will definitely be going back.
5	Cork is one-of-a-kind for this side of town.  They are creatively serving small plates with usually mind-blowing combinations.  Their food is usually sourced locally and they use both creative/unusual meats as well as traditional meats for their proteins.  Small plate sizes let you try more! Their service is top notch, they have a great happy hour and a very large wine selection that they're happy to help you with if needed.  I have no complaints about Cork except I wish they were a little bit closer to my neighborhood (Ahwatukee).
3	Honestly, I (like an earlier review) am a bit disappointed in the other reviews that came before.  I feel a bit misled.  While the environment was nice, I'm not sure I would come back.For $75 prix fixe per person I expected much more.  We had the Valentine's day menu and it was very mediocre.  The dishes, as described, had a lot potential, and the presentation was nice, but the quality was not up to par.Here's a quick 30 second rundown:The spinach salad was good.The bisque was too salty.The duck was chewy.The fish had a nice texture and flavor.The tenderloin was good, but the short ribs were too salty.The lamb was decent but not sure they were the best cuts.The dessert was ok- didn't finish it, and we almost always do.
4	My husband and I have been to Cork on numerous occasions with friends for dinner, we have never been for brunch although I have heard good things about it.  Every time we have been here both the service and food have far exceeded our expectations and we are thrilled to have a fine dinning establishment like this right in our neighborhood.  In addition to great food and service, they have an extensive wine list which makes for an enjoyable evening with friends.  You should know the servings are small portions similar to tapas style, so you need order several to make a complete meal.  This is a lot of fun allowing you to sample various dishes.  The menu has varied from time to time but some of my favorites have been the Foie Gras, Braised Short Rib, and Cork's version of Mac and Cheese.  The deserts were amazing and we paired them with a desert wine that topped off the evening perfectly.  I have yet to be disappointed when eating here and the atmosphere is relaxing but yet upscale.  The prices are in line with what you would expect at a fine dining restaurant and I'm thrilled to have a high quality restaurant like this out in Chandler.
4	Went here on Valintines day for a romantic evening out.  Robert the owner was very inviting and the wine he picked for us, a medium bodied Pino Noir was wonderful.  Our meal was the four course valetines day special.  Portions were tiny but absolutely delisious.  I noticed two local beers on tap as well, always a plus for me!  The atmosphere is very interesting as many parts of the decore are made of pressed cork, a nice touch in a wine bar.  Our seating was the only disapointing part of the evening, as we were placed right next to the servers station.  A little uncomfortable on a romantic date night like Valentines day.  All in all, 4 stars.
5	Sunday brunch...  ALL of our food was fantastic!  Omlets, eggs benedict, Monte Cristo, and the Chicken Fried Chicken (very thick piece perfectly cooked...extremely moist).  Endless glasses of Champagne (with peach nector or OJ).
5	From your first step in the door, you are immediately impressed by the awesome display of wine from floor to ceiling.  We were seated in a nice leather booth with plenty of privacy and greeted by a friendly server.  At first, I wasn't really sure about the entire idea of small serving dining, or whatever you call it.  However, since budget wasn't really the issue on this particular evening, we were up for anything.  I decided on a bottle of Chilean wine, since it tastes almost as good as a California, but 1/2 the price.  It met every expectation.  We then were served a romaine salad with, of all things, a deep fried whole egg.  It was interesting, but not my favorite...although my wife thoroughly enjoyed it.  We then enjoyed an open california roll.  It was not a roll in the traditional sense, however it was fantastic.  I decided on a pork dish for my entree, which was incredible.  It had so much flavor in each bite, I'm not sure I've received so much pleasure from a dish of the "other white meat" before in my life.  Needless to say, it was a great evening in south chandler.  I seriously doubt there is another restraunt of this caliber in the area.
2	My husband took me here for a special birthday dinner on 5/15 and I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't work out that way :( . Maybe it's because we aren't "gourmet" foodies? I dunno.We found it strange that this upscale restaurant is situated in a strip mall, but it IS a nice strip mall (lol) with a pretty water fountain and cute furniture/home goods shops nearby. The interior of Cork is small, yet really cool and modern with a chain mesh curtain running down the middle and suede seats in the booths. When we were seated, we were given menus that read "Happy Birthday, Rebecca!" at the top which I thought was very sweet.  All items are tapas style (essentially lots of small meals) which I enjoy because I love to sample several dishes. We started with salads. The Baby Arugula had fried goat cheese, pieces of watermelon and strawberries, cashews, and a blood orange poppy seed vinaigrette. The Organic Green Salad had blue cheese, spiced caramel popcorn, slices of pear, and a balsamic vinaigrette. Both were tasty, but I liked the Arugula the best. Next, we decided on Cork's Mac and Cheese which consisted of BBQ pork belly, smoked bacon, and cheddar (normally comes with mushrooms too, but my husband hates them). It was good, but nothing special. Especially in comparison to Fleming's drop-dead delicious mac 'n' cheese. Finally, we ordered the Honey Glazed Duck Breast (mango sopapilla, duck confit, and cantaloupe gazpacho relish) and the Surf & Turf (tempura shrimp, honey lavender glazed ostrich, coconut milk, chorizo fried rice, and spicy mustard) These dishes were hugely disappointing to us. Let me mention that I've never had duck or ostrich so that could have been part of the problem. The ostrich tasted like cheap stew meat and the duck was just nasty. Our super nice server (forget his name, sorry!) was very thoughtful and did say he could bring us something else, but we were pretty much done by then. We shared the banana creme pie for dessert and that was incredibly creamy and luscious.  The 2 major reasons we will most likely never come back to Cork is:Number 1) The food made my husband really crabby......he was seriously grumpy afterwards.and (***WARNING: the following will be TMI for some of you***)Number 2) Literally!!! About 15 minutes after eating here, I had the WORST squirts of my life. It was sooooo bad, UGH!
4	4/10/10Took my cousin from out-of-town (NJ) here for happy hour!  Yes, we had drinks (a hibiscus margarita for me, and I think she had a champagne cocktail), and yes, we shared a grilled cheese sandwich- so fool-proof, it's guaranteed I'll enjoy myself there.  FYI, so did she!  We also tried the Jalapeno-Crusted Ahi Tuna, which usually comes on fry bread, and sits on a bed of almond hummus and garnished w/  raita.  Our version, w/out my requesting, came w/ pesto instead of the hummus.  We loved it!  My cousin enjoyed her light meal here.  I just wished we had more time to have a larger meal, but other engagements that day had us moving on.  Next time I visit, I'll have to skip on the grilled cheese and try something off the dinner menu.  (Just had a look, and there are so many calling my name!)
4	Fabulous food!  Impressive decor & service! Great wines. Itty-bitty portions with snob-sized prices (the newest yuppie status fad, obviously...). Be prepared to leave with your taste buds in orgasm, your aesthetic appreciation delighted, your stomach still hungry and your wallet much, much thinner. Resist the temptation to stop at McDonald's on the way home to get something more to eat - you'll ruin the delightful afterglow - seriously!
5	Great happy hour specials and loved how we had the place to ourselves :)
5	"I wish I could take a bath in that macaroni" is something that was definitely said last night by one of us, probably me, I can't really remember (very good wine). Anywhooooo, Cork is awesome. Kristen found it a while back and suggested we give it a go, and after several months of waiting, last night was the night. We arrived at 630 to find the place was relatively packed, maybe a table or two empty, and were escorted straight to a huge booth by a friendly hostess.     Cork is located in a strip mall, but don't let it scare you, because the front door of Cork is like a magical portal. You walk through this very unassuming door, in this very plain looking building, located in this very boring strip mall and you find yourself suddenly faced with a beautiful, modern restaurant, complete with a huge wall of wine that demands your adoration. The atmosphere here is great, it has a nice ambient back round noise, the colors are calming and the drinking water has cucumber in it. Cucumber! Brilliant and delicious.     Onto the main attraction! Our awesome waitress (name?) explained that the portions are somewhat smaller, and that most people walk away very happy after each having an appetizer and an entree, so we did just that. We started with the Cork's mac and cheese and the cured meats. The cured meats were good, prosciutto, sopressata, salami, gorgonzola, it was all quite good, but the mac and cheese simply destroyed it. Go get this right now. Go. I'll wait. Ok, see? It was freaking fantastic. Bbq pork belly, smoked bacon, wild mushrooms, four year aged widmer's cheddar... oh my goodness, I considered canceling our other orders and getting seventeen orders of it. But enough gloating for goodness sakes. For le entree, I ordered the organic lamb chop, two beautiful pieces of lamb cooked wonderfully to a medium rare, with a little more rare than medium, and it was divine, just bursting with flavor. It came with a lamb shank pot pie that I don't even want to try to explain, it was heavenly. Gosh this place is good. Kristen ordered the grilled prime strip, it was scrumptious and had a great sauce, I think it was a diablo sauce, that made the flavor really pop. On the side was a summer squash bread pudding that Kristen thought was ok, but I ate it up, I wish I could have that recipe, so wonderful. We had an incredible time, the food was great, the service was great, the wine was great, we will be back, this is one of my new favorite restaurants. Nice work, Cork.
5	I'm always afraid that a restaurant like this won't live up to the hype, but Cork exceeded my expectations. Three of us had the five-course tasting menu, and we loved every course. The bruleed foie gras was amazing, as was the coconut-carrot soup, gnocchi with mushroom sauce, salmon, mussels, scallops, pork belly, beef, a deconstructed BLT, all of them delicious and beautifully presented. Not to mention the creamiest creme brulee ever. The kitchen responded carefully to our likes and dislikes. Service and timing were perfect. The experience was a real treat, can't wait to pay another visit.
5	Absolutely some of the best meals i have ever had.  I have eaten there about eight times and tried something different every time.  Everything is amazing.  They change their menu often so it is a new treat every time i go.  If you are going for Happy Hour my two favorite things to order are the Burger complete with short rib on top and the Mussels (the best part of the mussels is the bread that it is served on top of).  If you are going for Dinner let your server guide you through the menu and make recommendations.  You will not be disappointed.  One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.
5	My wife and I wanted to celebrate our 4 year anniversary at a restaurant we hadn't tried before. A lot of family and friends recommended Cork. The food, atmosphere, and service were all amazing. My wife and I both ordered the organic green salad as a stater. The different ingredients worked perfectly together. My wife ordered the Australian Barramundi for her main course. The sweet curry sauce on it was delicious. My main course was the Japanese Mero with braised buffalo short ribs. Wow. Great combination. The food was outstanding.The atmosphere is very modern and warm. The lighting is inviting and the colors make you really feel comfortable there. Lastly, the service. From entering the restaurant to leaving, my wife and I felt very welcomed. The kindness of every staff member was genuine and warm. I would go back to Cork in a heartbeat. This place is a must for anyone who enjoys great food, a great atmosphere, and great service.
2	I used to love Cork, and I've wanted to continue to love it, but the last vew visits have demonstrated a massive decline in the level of service.I've been probably 6 or 8 times in the past year, and only half the time did we receive the quality of service that I felt thier price point warranted.Most recently, I took a new friend there for brunch for the first time. By the end of the meal we were both in a terrible mood, our waitress had sucked so bad. Examples:* After sitting down, it took the waitress a full 15 minutes before taking our order. It took another full half hour for the food to arrive! Yes, they were busy, but there were empty tables too. Other people who arrived after us had their orders taken quickly (they had the best waiter there) and were already paying thier tab & leaving at the time our food arrived. * My date had to ask 3 times for cream & sweetener for his coffee: it finally arrived 15 minutes later. When the coffee was cold. (Glad I drink mine black!)* Our food arrived cold.* He ordered wheat toast w/his meal. The waitress didn't bring the toast until he was nearly done eating, and when plopping it down - white toast - simply stated "We're out of wheat", then split. * I ordered a biscuit w/my meal. It was tooth-breakingly hard, like a hockey puck.* The waiters typically offer freshly ground pepper; this waitress did not. In fact she brought no condiments at all to the table - no butter, jelly, nothing.. When we asked for salt and pepper, she simply plopped a salt shaker - no pepper - on the table and hurried away. Because I have been there many times and the manager recognizes me, I spoke to him about the service. Before I could even say much of anything; he immediately launched into, "I know the service could have been better, we're having an off day, a few people called in sick, we're short-handed, blah blah blah" It was all a big whine of excuses. You know what, their being shortstaffed didn't cause our waitress to be shitty, her attitude did. And if they were truly shorthanded then why wasn't his lazy ass helping out? All I saw him doing through our entire meal-ordeal was leaning on the bar & yukking it up w/other workers who also didn't seem to have much to do. Thankfully, most of their food continues to be delicious, that's a plus. And if you get their very best waiter (wish I remembered his name; he's worked there since day 1), then it's an awesome dining experience.I live walking distance, so I'll likely return at some point, but for folks who live a ways away, might as well steer clear.
5	Their food is always amazing. I have dined here on many occasions and was always impressed. The staff is always personable and friendly! I will be coming back soon! Keep up the good work!
2	The only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars was because I liked my waiter. We have been waiting to visit this restaurant for a month now. My husband, me and my brother in law all went to try it.  We have read all the reviews online and decided that we wanted to try the Sunday special fixed dinner. We came in super excited to try the four course dinner, Australlia month, and even decided to order a $75 bottle of wine. Which by the way, I got this bottle at The Keg for $20 cheaper and it was a 2005 instead of the 2006 they offered. Right off the bat, we had dirty silverware and had to ask for clean ones.  We started of with a soup...taste was good, but eat one of us ended up with a different portion of pork...me being the least amount.  The salad came out and we got 3 halfs of shrimp, when everyone else got 3 hole shrimp.  We got through the entire bottle of wine before our dinner came out, thats how slow eat course came out.  The main corse came out and we all got the kangaroo, once again not one of us got the same amount of food and each one of us had a different doneness of the meat.  Finally dessert came out and I was super excited to try it. The waiter brought us out new silverware for our dessert, and once again we had to ask for some clean ones.  Once we got the dessert, we found that the meringue was too hard to cut with our forks and wasn't worth all the trouble to eat it. I would not recumend this place for people that like good food.  Please spend less money and go to La Stalla in down town Chandler. We are mad at ourselves for not going there tonight.  Make sure when you go to La Stalla, you get a shot of lemon chello at the end of dinner, its homemade, like everything they have there.  The bes part of La Stalla is there prices are cheaper then The Cork, and its worth every penny.
5	Happy Thanksgiving!  What my mother could NEVER do, Chef Brian can!  Thanksgiving @ Cork was great!
4	Review is overdue, but this place is awesome for BRUNCH. The food is ok, but the bottomless mimosas are a nice touch. Nice for an intimate yet friendly setting for a good price. Favorite dish: Breakfast TostadaAlthough I've heard.... not so good reviews about their dinner menu. Apparently the value goes way down for the $$
2	First - The service was prompt and polite. Kudos to the wait staff.The brunch menu looks amazing. The reality was not.The Promise: Corned Buffalo hash w/ poached eggs, 4 slices of thick cut bacon, and a biscuit with gravy.The Reality:The corned buffalo hash wasn't a hash at all. A hash would indicate the meat and potatoes are in some way mixed.  About 4oz of the corned "meat" - I say "meat" because it was so generic it could have been nearly anything - was apparently pulled from the stew pot (still quite soupy) and laid atop 5 halves of fingerling potatoes (yes 5, I'm not sure why the odd number).  Even more sad, half of the meat was a lump of fat. Not just some connective tissue, an impenetrable squishy blob of fat. The poached eggs were ok.The bacon was awesome tasting, although too tough to cut with a fork and requiring some serious chewing to really enjoy.The biscuit and gravy was fairly good. Not traditional as it has a very sweet taste. The biscuit required a knife and fork to get trough the crust, but still not bad tasting.The Aftermath:At a cost of $32 for one plate of less than inspring food - I'll only be back if someone else is dragging me and paying.
5	the wife took me here for my b-day sat nite we met another couple we were greated delightfuly and seated at our table as we were presented with our menus at the top of the menu said...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARK nice class touch our wait person scott was great decribed every dish on the menu we inquired about and was very knowledgeable about the wine as well this place is top notch
5	The most under recognized happy hour in the state, hands down.I've been to Cork for a full dinner and wine, and it was one of the best meals I've eaten. The food was delicious, beautiful and the wine was amazing. The only reason I hadn't been back, well, I'm a college student. My wallet cannot afford such splurges on a regular basis.However, happy hour is the place to be. A friend and I stopped by on a Friday afternoon to see what we could find to nibble on and sip. Almost all of their happy hour menu items are $8 (some are $5), and they are full size plates. Their champagne cocktails are $3, while their other cocktails and glasses of wine are $4.Libations:Red Stag Bourbon Manhattan: I have a weak spot for bourbon, I don't know why, but I really enjoy its complexity. Their version of the Manhattan was pretty good, maybe a little sweet for me though. I prefer mine to have a little bit of a bite, and enjoy the flavor of the bourbon.Grapefruit Basil Martini and the Pomegranate Blueberry Martini were also both pretty good. Though they would have been better with a cool garnish of a basil leaf and pomegranate seeds, respectively. The Floral: This champagne cocktail had a splash of St. Germaine Elderflower. Very refreshing and a little bit sweet. It was a great flavor combination.The Modern Classic: This is another champagne cocktail but with blood orange bitters. Being a man who enjoys bourbon and bitters, I was curious to try a champagne and bitters. This was awesome. The bitters gave it a little bit of a bite, but the blood orange flavor was brought out with the champagne. A very good drink.Snacks:Daily Charcuterie Plate ($8): I imagine this changes daily, or weekly, but wow, what a plate for only $8! This plate had a few slices of thinly sliced meat, a great house-made pesto, a sausage and mustard, and even some luxardo cherries. It was a perfectly sized plate for two people to share and nibble on while talking and enjoying a drink. I would have easily paid $15 for what I got.Duck Fat French Fries ($5): These were to die for. Rich and amazing, topped with Gruyere cheese and sea salt. There was a whole grain mustard aioli to dip. I could have eaten those all day. Fork & Knife Hotdog ($8): This open faced hotdog had chorizo, Asadero cheese, caramelized onions, tapatio. Living up to its name, I had to eat it with a fork and knife. It could have easily been a meal in itself.Wild Boar Meatloaf ($8): Meatloaf with a house-made ketchup on a grilled slice of Ciabatta bread was great. The meatloaf was very moist had great flavor, complimented by the house-made ketchup. The ketchup was good, but I think it was a tad thick and seemed to stick to your tongue as you ate.I would probably have to be taken out back and shot if I didn't give these guys 5 stars because how can you not?! Great drinks, especially the champagne cocktails, and amazing small plates that max out at $8! Happy hour is how this college student can afford to enjoy the delicious, fresh cuisine that is found at Cork. If I have a Tuesday-Friday off of class or work I can definitely see myself taking my sweet girlfriend here for a light dinner via happy hour.
5	I will be coming back here again and again. It is rare that I have so much trouble ordering because everything tempts my palate but here, that was the case with Cork (I wanted to try everything on the menu!)Firstly, this is a classic small plates restaurant (3 oz of your proteins). Those of you who enjoy Olive Garden endless pasta bowls need not apply. However, for an amazing journey of flavors spread over several small courses and an amazing wine list, come on in!The place is not huge so I would recommend reservations during peak hours. We came in for a late dinner with a reservation and were seated at a nice sized booth. Winston is great as a server so ask for him if he's working; his knowledge of the menu and wines was very good. We had a hot and cold starter: the Lion's Paw scallop is wonderful and the sweet potato puree it's served on was a perfect compliment. I was worried how the pork confit would go with it but it was a very nice touch. Our cold starter was a special that night: a beef roulade stuffed with lobster and red peppers and topped with caviar. It was very good but the scallop stole the show in this course. Salads: We ordered the baby spinach and the organic field greens. The field greens with its interesting combination of the spiced caramel popcorn and blue cheese was very good but the baby spinah salad was phenomenal. I would come back just for this dish! A bed of perfect baby spinach topped with shallots and a warm sherry vinaigrette with large pieces of smoky bacon all topped with a perfectly poached egg and served with a crostini spread with pesto! So. Good. The salads were big enough for two to share one, I think. As a main course, I enjoyed the elk loin which was perfectly cooked at medium rare-rare and the boar risotto was nice. I enjoyed the brussel sprouts but thought my husbands celery root hash was better. He enjoyed the beef short rib which was amazing with its two generously sized poached crab legs. We did not leave overly stuffed but were very satisfied.This is a pricey place at dinner and best for a special night but the food is so good! We will definitely be back!
5	I can see why this place inspires adulation in all the reviewers.  I don't go out in Chandler that often, but given how great this place was, I might be tempted to go out in Chandler again.Well, on second thought...but this place is great.
3	Cork, you are beautiful, your wait staff is delightful but you are getting third in this beauty pageant because you are empty-headed..Let me explain while I place the 5 star tiara on some other restaurant's review..First, what is with the micro portions?  If your prices were also micro, I would understand it but I should not be paying $25 for a 4oz cut of steak...sirloin in a bowl of duck broth over risotto. This combination stank so the small portion is forgivable but what are you thinking putting a steak in a stew bowl, on top of a bowl of risotto and covering the whole thing with duck broth. First, the broth tastes nothing like duck but why would you add liquid to risotto after spending all that time getting the liquid to rice ratio just perfect? Or maybe it never was and this was your way of masking the problem?  The risotto may be astounding but adding the broth turned it to glue. So, the meal as described v. the meal I received, I didn't care for. But, my meal was a delight after I tasted my friend's meal of mussels. The mussels were terrible and I thought had gone bad from the taste...So, not good for dinner. Your brunch on the other hand was tasty but the portions were nuts. $11 for ala carte french toast and I get slivers of bread....seriously?! You are in Chandler not Beverly Hills and you are waiting on working class folks, not starlets so put some food on my plate!  Overall, Cork, you are beautiful, you know that but you really need to turn it up in the kitchen because I would recommend you for drinks but never for substance...
5	My husband and I LOVE this restaurant.  The food and service are to die for.  Great standards/quality control and the food is always on point and delivers amazing flavor components.  We love going to Cork.  Great place.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week this year hoping to try some of the fine dining in Arizona. This place is quite fancy! It has the dim lights, cloth napkins, the whole cute dinner date ambiance where you feel you can only speak in little more than a whisper. The waiter was very friendly, helpful, and service was excellent.I can't exactly remember the food except for the fact that everything was very very salty! I'm a person that can handle my salt and even I thought it was too salty! I was so surprised because of the great reviews this place has gotten and the overall environment. Maybe it was a bad night or something but it was so salty I drank about 5 glasses of water!
3	I went to this place for Happy Hour to meet up with some friends. The drink selection for HH is much better than most restaurants in Chandler. I would suggest the Pomegranate Blueberry Martini. The Grapefruit Basil Martini was okay.The food selection for HH is good too. I had the burger and duck fat fries. The fries are really good, the burger was salty. I read another review that mentioned the amount of salt in the food, hopefully they change this soon.This place is obviously trying to be different than the rest of the chain restaurants in Chandler which I definitely appreciate. I think I'll be back for HH and see if they can cut down on the salt. If not I'll just stick to drinks.The bartender was very knowledgeable and helpful.There was almost no one in the place, but it's Chandler Heights so that's to be expected.
5	I love this restaurant.The food is inventive and delicious. The chef will make special vegetarian dishes off the menu, which I have tried a few times. I love, love the salad with blue cheese and carmel corn. The burger is good, too. And the halibut is amazing (when they have it). I also have had a peanut butter dessert that was excellent.I also really like the atmosphere. The "floating" wine cellar is beautiful. And the contents are amazing. Best of all is the service by the best waiter ever...Winston.
3	My husband and I went here for brunch and so we may not have gotten the full experience. Though the decor was cool and modern looking, it was a bit more casual then I expected... people in shorts and kids running around. I could have just gone to The Good Egg for that. However, the food was great. I had the Monte Cristo which was very tasty and my husband got the steak and eggs which he also enjoyed. They had bottomless mimosas which may have just been for Easter; not sure if this is part of the regular Sunday lineup or not. Either way, I may come here again in the future but I am not sure if it is worth the drive for breakfast. Judging from the clientele, this is more of a local destination for the families in the upscale golf communities of Ocotillo and the ladies who lunch set. We were definitely getting that north Scottsdale vibe. However, the servers were not snobby at all, they were very friendly and accommodating. There was some mix-up with our reservation but they quickly rectified the situation and apologized apropriately.The dinner menu looks tasty but overpriced. I was surprised that their tasting menu is $75 which is the same price as Quiessence.  But then I saw that they are also four diamond rated.  I did not think it was a four diamond experience at all but again maybe that was just breakfast.  Perhaps I will give it a try some time for dinner or I may try it for happy hour since the did have some reasonably priced wines.
2	We went here a couple months ago for dinner, and it wasn't bad. The owner was very nice and very attentive. Even though we didn't have a reservation they made room, and he came by to explain everything on the menu. Of course, this is where my first complaint comes in: he mentioned the lion's paw scallops. ScallopS. As in, multiple, big, tasty scallops on a plate. The menu listed them in the singular, but he kept saying how big and numerous they were - he made it sound like I'd be committing shellfish genocide if I ordered the dish! So when there was uh, one scallop, on my dinner plate, I was a little underwhelmed. The crab cake it came with was good, but also pretty small; for $18 I figured maybe there'd be at least some more salad, but.. I guess not. This place is trendy, and the food is tasty. The drinks are strong, but the portions are tiny for the price. Good for lunch or brunch, but for dinner? Not so much.
5	Fixed menu this month featured Indian food. Food was innovative and excellent. 4 courses for $35, this is a great deal. My wife and I decided we should come once a month on Sunday evenings. Rather quiet, but it has nice decor. Nice change from other restaurants that felt like too much same-same for food.
5	I really really dig this place.I've only ever been for the Sunday brunch, on two occasions to be exact.Both times I also got a bit drunk, because of the bottomless mimosas and bellinis.....Both times I got the eggs benedict, and they were PERFECTLoved the taste of the champagne hollandaise sauce.So yeah, free booze, great food, seasonal menus, swank decor and super nice service = 5 stars!
2	The decor is nice.  Makes me feel like I'm in a modern HGTV bathroom - but in a nice and restaurant-appropriate way.  They have an outdoor patio with fireplace that looks like a fine place to enjoy a cocktail, although I didn't do that.The ambiance is surprisingly low on snotty, given their abuse of the trendiest foodie terms on their menu.  I was excited to read through the menu, but disappointed at the flavors - the dishes didn't stand up to all the high falootin' foodie terms used to describe them.  The organic salad tasted very, um, organic - had "earthy" dirt-like flavor which I found unappealing.  I let the husband finish the salad off.  For the main course, I had the buttermilk fried chicken, paired with gently steamed veggies and potatoes/gravy.  The gravy was delicious and smooth; the chicken was moist and not greasy at all.  My husband had the risotto, which left something to be desired.  The risotto was well cooked, but the flavors of the dish had a stinky-foot quality I didn't appreciate.  Neither did my husband - so he gratefully finished my chicken dish.On another night, we decided to give it another try with visiting family.  The salad was once again infused with an earthy flavor that nobody liked, but everyone noticed.  The main dishes were well prepared (meats cooked to perfection, veggies still had crisp, sauces doled out in perfect amounts) - you can tell there is some excellent technique going on in that kitchen, but the flavors left something to be desired.  Nothing tickled my palate in the same way the presentation pleased my eyes, or the menu description made my mouth water.  I've had better tasting fine food, and will probably choose to spend my fine dining dollars elsewhere in the future.  I may give it a few years and, if still there, return to see if the chef has improved the flavors with time and experience.
5	You won't be expecting food this good hidden away in this location.  The wine selection is not only fun, inspiring and delicious but also beautiful.  As the name implies (cork as in wine bottle cork- and the decor) wine is a big deal here.  Don't be misled though- the chef from Chicago will make you squeal with delight over what ever you order. I have been there several times. A few times for a romantic dinner with my dear husband and several times with a group. The room they set up for our friend's anniversary was so special.  Try the chef's choice dinner. It is worth the money and will make for one of the most memorable meals you will ever eat.
4	Nice upscale restaurant. It is on the small side so you should probably make reservations on typical busy night..fri, sat etc. They are very attentive here though and service is very good. Its not your normal restaurant or portion size when it comes to the food. The plates are small and they recommend 5 dishes to share between two people. (yes it is also expensive). The menu is also not that large either and they do not have the typical ingredients you might not be used too so it is def an experience you should try just once.Everything was very good, ambiance was nice and romantic and the wine selection is phenomenal.p.s try the dessert  wine sampler!
4	Great food, good service, great wine by the bottle, not such great wine by the glass but ok and pricey. Their happy hour menu used to be better but it changes which is fun. Nice neighborhood place.
3	This is a really great place for happy hour. They definitely have a couple of major hits on their hands with the Wild boar meat loaf and Risotto.They fell short with soggy duckfat fries which we had high hopes for. Not a crunchy one in the bunch. Also a medium hamburger that was definitely well done. Still yummy but too dry for our taste. They do a side aeoli sauce that was horrible and tasted like straight mustard.Service was pretty fair although we did feel rushed. I guess that is a downside to going in very early an being the only ones in the restaurant. Sterile service it could be best described. Also it would have been nice if our server would SE asked us once during the meal HOW everything was. Which she did not.We were there to celebrate a birthday. Most restaurants offer a free dessert to the birthday person. Not this one. We will probably go back for the fair price on martinis and the meatloaf and will sit at the bar.Skip the happy hour desserts btw. Dry carrot cake and creme brulee was way burnt and super tiny.
5	My husband and his brother had been to Cork and absolutely loved it, so naturally for my brother-in-law's birthday, we took him there!Ambience: relaxed, sophisticated, modernMenu: definitely not traditional...they had a lot of items that you don't see at every restaurant.  We had the "spontaneous chef's menu."  Each person at the table has to order it if you are getting it.  You get 5 courses each...and each person gets something different.  We would all try ours' and pass our plates...we ended up trying 20 different foods that night!  My favorite was a tie between the Elk and the Kobe Beef tenderloin...both were amazing!Restrooms: Stylish and clean!Wine:  They had a great wine selection along with a full bar.
4	Wonderful seasonal menus that are expertly prepared. Due to allergies, I can sometimes get stuck with only one option to eat. It is on the pricier end, but the atmosphere is wonderful
4	What's the definition of "swank", anyway?  Well I'm here to tell you that next to the definition of swank in the dictionary should be a picture of this place.  Actually, the Urban Dictionary says it best: "It's what happens when you combine Swagger and Lank.  Swank!"  And while The Cork Restaurant doesn't have so much "lank", it does have plenty of swagger, great style and tons of confidence. This is what I found out when me and my wife had brunch at The Cork for the first time this past weekend.  The waiter knew this menu well and proceeded to make recommendations on our request.  One of his first suggestions was the Green Chili Pork Tostada.  I told him that I love Mexican food, it just doesn't love me back. (Get it?)  He then told me about the Sweet Potato and Chicken Sausage Hash.  I was a little concerned about it but gave it a try anyway and boy was I happy I did.  The dish is a taste sensation of multiple flavors that blend oh-so perfectly together.  My wife ordered the Crepes Suzette and loved that too. She gave me a taste and I had to agree.  I'm not much for such a sweet breakfast but this was the most amazing Crepes Suzette I've ever had.  I forgot to mention it but the waiter brought us a complimentary small sugar donut with a side dish of honey.  I tasted it and it was excellent.  My wife then let me know that it's called a Sopa Piaz (Mexican donut).  The waiter had tricked me into trying something Mexican and I'm glad he did.The place was classy, the service was excellent, and the food superb.
5	Delicious food, great wine.  If you like Rieslings, try their half bottle of Gunderloch.
5	This was not the first time for us to dine at Cork and we all agreed that our dinners last Wednesday were some of the very best we have eaten. We knew the food would be very good, but we were surprised by the originality of the dishes as well as the taste of each.Because we liked the looks of the Restaurant Week" menu, we decided to try it out.I chose the tomato heirloom salad and was blown away by the Burrata Mozzarella that adorned the dish. It had the flavor of a mozzarella, but it was soft and had a velvety texture. The scallop dish that my son and husband ordered had large scallops that were cooked to perfection. I ordered the infamous short ribs that were served with risotto. They were fork tender and delicious paired with the risotto. My son ordered the black sea bass which proved to be his "favorite dish", which says a lot. We all had the creme brulee. After we finished it, we all agreed that it was the best creme brulee that we had eaten. Now you can see why I titled this review Wow!.
5	This restaurant meets and exceeds all my expectations for fine dining.I took my sister the Dr. here and we both are restaurant lovers, we agree that our dinning experience was one of our very favorites. And she and I have dined all over USA and the world. Decro is contemporary and trendy, the service was attentive w out hovering. the food tasted amazing and was imaganative. For a very special evning in Chandler AZ this is the place !
5	My favorite restaurant in Arizona.  The best food by far.  Robert the owner is a class act.  The wine selection is amazing.  If your a foodie, it does not get any better than Cork.  You must try this unique restaurant!
5	I have nothing but great experiences at Cork, and today's brunch was no different.  We held a birthday brunch with 21 guests this morning there.  The service was wonderful, the food absolutely amazing.  And I do have some very picky guests!  They do not hesitate to tell when they have a less than stellar experience, yet every one of them loved the food and loved the restaurant.  To the servers, chefs, and owners, my hat is off to every one of you for making it a perfect occasion.  To all of you reading this, get in there and have what is in my opinion the best food in the Phoenix Metro!I have eaten dinner here more than once as well, and the dinner is astounding.  I had never had the brunch before, but the brunch was amazing, and a lot more food then I was actually expecting!
5	Loved this place!  We made the reservation for my birthday dinner online, and they even printed menus with "Happy 26th Birthday Victoria" at the top!
3	went back to the cork and experienced the fall menu. i am afraid that my second experience was not sa good as my first. the service was great,the resturant beautiful,but the food did not make me say yum yum with each bite like my first visit. 3 of us had the rabitt risoto and none of us really liked it. the scollops were great the fig salad was ok but the duck was so over done it was like power and way too salty. the creme brule came it was about 3/4 a cup portion $6.00 that was rediculuslly too small of a desert for $6.00 get real CORK i am afraid this will be my last visit. there are too many choices . Like Roy's Hawian Fusion Cusiene , Roy's is more cosistent and flavorable and mor reasanablly priced sorry CORK
1	We walked into a nice atmosphere.  The hostess was nice, and our waitress was great.  The food was not good, and not worth the money they are charging.  The appetizers made no sense with the offerings on each plate.  We have eaten at some of the best restaurants on the east coast, California, and New Orleans (Commander's Palace for example).  Cork's offerings are way over-priced.  The duck was so salty I couldn't eat it, and they took the entree off the bill.  My wife also complained about her entree being too salty, but they did not take her plate off the bill.  Sex discrimination?  Maybe.  One thing is for sure.  We won't be going back, and we won't be referring any friends here.
4	We came here for happy hour before. Great drinks and small sides. Everything was very tasty and petite. Just perfect for a snack! Nice ambiance and our waiter provided excellent service - always checking up on us and seeing if we needed anything at all. The location is a little hard to find but nothing satellite view from Google maps can't solve. :) I'm not sure if it's worth the drive from Glendale but definitely worth a try if you are in the area!
2	So here's my beef with Cork:A group of friends took me out to Cork for my birthday dinner.  It was a Sunday night around 7:30pm.  The restaurant was near empty (there was one other group of 6 next to us).  The service was only okay, with so few people in the restaurant I would have expected top notch service.  However, we would often have to flag down our waiter just to get more water or bread.  We were then told that Cork's protein portion tend to be small.  Well, we found that the entire dish was extremely small, not just the protein.  I will say that most of the dishes were innovative.  We ordered six dishes to share amongst five people.  We had the hanger steak, waygu strip loin, antelope, duck, lamb chop, and pork belly.  I thought the first four were quite tasty, the lamb chop was nothing special, and the pork belly was lack luster.  However my biggest issue was that for the price ($23-$30 each) the portions were extremely underwhelming, we really needed to order about three entrees each in order to be somewhat full.The desserts were probably the best part.  We ordered the banana cream pie, black and white cake and chocolate with espresso gelato.  I'd order the banana cream pie again.After scarfing down six plates of bread, six entrees, three desserts, many pitchers of water, and $300 later we were talking about the next restaurant to go to so we'd be full ( the dollar menu at McDonald's was thrown out a couple of times due to our wallets being empty after this meal).I'd try happy hour but I think dinner won't be an option next time.
5	A great experience. Celebrated our 23rd wedding anniversary last night it was great. Delicious food. Excellent service. Friendly staff. The fact that it was half price wine night was an added bonus. Considering it's a 2 Hour Dr. from our home in Tucson, we will still be back again.
5	We've celebrated a couple of romantic occasions at this venue and have had, both times, an outstanding experience.  When you first walk in, there is an amazing tall wall of beautifully showcased wines - all kinds.  The last time we were there, as we both stood there waiting for our table to be ready (1-3min), I noticed they had Qupe wine from the Santa Maria Valley... one single bottle that immediately caught my eye - oooheee!  I had done wine tasting at Qupe Tasting Room in Los Olivos, CA recently (and brought home some bottles) and seeing they had a bottle there at Cork was super exciting!  Yes, we got that (~$40).The ambiance is very nice.. modern, upscale, without being super pretentious (okay, it can be a tad pretenOur server was one of those over-the-top cheery, smiley, happy people (meh, I prefer a more real, less exaggerated server but she did her job well, so no harm).. our orders came out as requested and the kitchen delivered impressively!  We had such amazing dinners: lamb chops cooked perfectly (even with a little crispiness on the outside), Roasted Duck Breast, Pork Belly, and salads.  The bill was a bit hefty, but what the hey, it's not our anniversary every day!  The wine, the ambiance, the service, the FOOD - we had a wonderful and memorable dinner here.  If you're looking for an intimate place for you and your loved one to enjoy imaginative and well executed meals.. and enjoy them with an array of wine options.. and don't mind paying for it, I highly recommend this place.
4	last nites dining extravaganza had its high points pan seared foisgra with a few pieces of duck breast ...fantastic tuna tartar with a jalapeno lime puree excellent  then i ordered the bouillabaisse seamed more like a tomato soup with seafood the first mussel i bit tasted a little funky the next one was better but i was not enamored with the dish the wife swap ed dishes with me she had the sea bass very good served on  a bed of pasta .john our server was a solid 4 stars he did offer to bring me another dish since i was not smitten with the bouillabaisse which is a quality gesture.
2	Good magazine and newspaper reviews led me to Cork Restaurant on a weekday evening.Very small portions of good food that do not justify the high prices (cioppino, lamb chops, sorbet)., Service was good, limited atmosphere.Would not return or recommend to anyone.
5	We've chosen Cork to celebrate our wedding anniversary (first two so far) and we love the brunch (although they don't do it anymore). Trying the tasting menu next.  Have our third wedding Anniversary coming up soon!
4	Fantastic overall experience, from food to service to ambiance, everything was top notch.  My Butter Poached Tenderloin was cooked to perfection and the chive potato puree was really cool! Also, the wine list on Ipads is a neat touch, one tap on the wine you're interested in takes you right to it's spec sheet!
5	Awesome dining experience in Chandler. Would love to come back again! Their interesting menu has immediately impressed me. It's rare for a restaurant to manage the entire menu in an exotic way. We tried the mussel, lobster tail salad and salad of the day as appetizer. All taste great! To get extra bread to dip in the yummy mussel soup is sth you don't want to miss!As I said, they got rare stuff. I love wild meat, so I tried antelope. We also ordered hanger steak as the night's special. Both our main courses are cooked rare. Very nicely done! Their creme brulee is probably one of the best creme brulee I've ever tried. Very smooth, love the texture. To view the beautiful wine cellar through a glass wall from the ceiling and read their great wine collection on an iPad adds a classic touch to the overall decency.
4	One of the most interesting menus in Chandler. I'm not sure it's worth $200 for dinner for two (that's with one bottle of wine, no dessert), but we enjoyed trying veal cheeks and antelope. If you're in the mood to splurge and don't want the average dinner, give Cork a try. Yes, the entree portions are small, but the appetizer portions are about the same size, so if you order an appetizer and an entree, you wind up with a normal sized meal plus you get to try two things.
3	My wife and I have visited cork multiple times over the years. We've had date nights and entertained family & business guests. It's been a consistent provider of gourmet food in the east valley. Unfortunately last night that was not the case. The food was not fresh nor was it well prepared. It's has if a short-order cook had been invited to prepare the early evening happy hour meals. Further our waiter (Winston) was not very prepared. We typically had to ask those passing our table for the simple amenities like: water, table wear, napkins and of course the all important item....the menu. Seared foie gras $26: Was not seared to perfection. This was very disappointing especially since we had it multiple occasions. Thus the reference to a "temp" cook. Bacon Burger $16: Someone was very liberal with the salt in this item. Again I think it was a mistake, but at $16 for a simple item as a hamburger consistency should be the order of the day. Duck Fries $8: Not fresh or warm. Very limp. Made me wonder if they had prepared and served within minutes of completion. Wine $44 (4 glasses): Excellent as usual. I would recommend if you want a great glass of wine without food Cork is the place, though our waiter Winston had difficulty remembering what wine was ordered at our table.  Service: This was my first experience with Winston and hopefully my last given his lack of crisp execution. Don't get me wrong...nice fellow just not to the standard of execution I would expect at Cork or any other 4+ Star Restaurant. Bill: $96 + tax/tip = $121On the whole I feel I should have rated them 2 Stars but my grade is generous and weighted HEAVILY on past visits. I like Cork a lot and hope they read this review and improve their quality of execution. But I may need to revisit this grade after my next visit.
4	Awesome Concept. Upscale Ambiance. Unique Gourmet Entrees. Very Expensive. Don't go here if you are really hungry. The portions are small and pricey. Come here for  good customer service and food that you can't get at the chain restaurants. Be prepared for a huge bill at the end. (Maybe during happy hour there are some deals though.)
4	We went to this place last night for AZ restaurant week.  Believe it or not, it's surprisingly classy for a strip mall restaurant.  The service was great, and the menu filled all of us up despite the smaller portions.  I had the chop salad that had chunks of their delicious home made bacon that I will definitely go back for.  Then, the pork tenderloin with shrimp fried rice for my main course, then their wine infused sorbet trio for dessert.  Well done Cork, we will be back!
4	My husband and I went out on a couples date last Friday for AZ restaurant week.I have to say i was pleasantly surprised. The food was great, the wine (Poppy - Pinot Noir) was fantastic and the service was spot on. We will definitly be going back!
5	I increased the stars by 2, I have to say this is one of my top choices for a nice evening out and special occasions - one of the things I do like is the seasonal menus and the fact that the menu challenges me to try new tastes.  Service is spot on and already thinking when will be my next evening at the Cork.  Have eaten here once and we're making another visit this evening and we're hoping it is as good if not better this visit.  Last time was good the menu online was not up to date so wasn't ready for the current menu they had.  Enjoyed the meal and the service was good just was disappointed that the menu wasn't current.  I think that is a big mistake on the part of the restaurant.  Like I said hoping that the menu currently posted is the one that I'll be choosing and eating from tonight.
5	We have been here a number of times as vegans and they always not only accommodate us but they also always come up with something amazing!  I also appreciate that they have never made any demeaning comments about our style of eating... we have gotten that at other upscale places.
4	Food was very good. The waiter warned us about "European" sized portions...and suggested that we order appetizer/salad and entree....which I thought was a little weird...but not offensive. (Like we'd never been in an upscale restaurant before)  Service was good without being fussy.  Wine was reasonably priced....with a great deal on bottles.  Didn't have dessert, but it looked tempting. We will definitely go back.
5	This was my first time visiting Cork. My sister had been here a few times and took me for Restaurant Week. We each ordered something different from each course and shared the meals. It was amazing. The breakdown:I had ordered the baby arugula salad with prosciutto, pan roasted halibut with sweet potato and duck confit hash and chocolate bread pudding. Pro: All very flavorful. Wonderful aromas and very tasty. The bread pudding was out of this world!Con: On the salad, I would recommend cutting up the prosciutto as it was laid out flat and kind of stuck to the plate. The hash was to be sweet potato but they must have run out as a regular potato was subsituted in it's place....they didn't tell me this, but it was amazing anyway! My sister ordered the sweet corn bisque, roasted berkshire pork belly with gorgonzola risotto and yogurt panna cotta.Pro: The bisque was the best of the entire meal. So perfect...I recommend this to everyone. Con: The panna cotta was in a huge dish....made it look extra small....only a little critique there. :) The pork belly was a bit fattier than expected, but the flavor made up for it.Overall this was an amazing place and I recommend anyone to have a nice night out enjoy themselves at Cork.
3	After skimming the other reviews from fellow Yelpers, I can say the majority of them have it nailed. Cork is a very nice restaurant, but there are things you need to know before you go.I went during Restaurant Week, so this may have skewed my experience.** Portions are small! The waiter even addressed this saying all protein plates were 3oz - think the size of your palm (if you are a lady or a small handed man).  I ordered the Sweet Corn Bisque with mascarpone swirl and a crab/zucchini fritter for my first course. This was by far the best part of the meal! The soup was so creamy and rich, but not over powering.  For the second course I ordered the veal cheek with a duck confit and mushroom ragout. To accompany was a small square of dauphinoise potatoes. ***small portion of meat, however it was enough with the sauce and potatoes.  After many rounds of being called a baby cow killer (still feel bad about it!) everyone at the table who tasted it agreed it was very tender, buttery and melty-in-your-mouthy good. However, after the 5th bite being drowned in that EXTREMELY rich ragout, it became too much. Plus those potatoes are also so rich, I felt like my mouth needed something lighter than that dense combo of flavors. I couldn't finish the meal, which is a good indicator since it was so small, how intense it was. My dessert was the chocolate bread pudding, a round little cake plopped on the plate with some swirls of decorative chocolate and some wafer thing. I am a chocolate fiend, and this lacked that PUNCH of chocolaty deliciousness I demand from  a dessert. My table was generally pleased with their meals, the service was wonderful. I have seen their amazing Happy Hour and would love to go then, because at the end of the day, Restaurant Week pricing and all, I just feel it's a tad overpriced for the sizes of the portions. We walked away paying about $70 per person, ouch.
4	Love the restaurant...not so much a fan of the food (happy hour menu).The portions are tiny and too salty for my liking but it was just an experience sitting there. Went on a tuesday night and it wasn't busy, the servers are very catering to your needs. Im sure if I had placed a complaint about how salty our orders were they would've taken it back and remade it in a heartbeat. BUT I decided it wasn't worth the hassle. Also...They have drink menus on an ipad (SO COOL!)
3	Food was good. But remember this is chandler Arizona not downtown Chicago. A little overpriced. Hostess forgot to seat us until we reminded him.
5	Great drinks, great food, great service, awesome happy hour...what more could you want.First things first: awesome cocktails. Lots of vodka and gin drinks, the ones I tried were very tasty.Food was delicious. I had the hanger steak. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was melt in your mouth awesome. The gnocci and the gorgonzola fondue were excellent pairings. My girl had the duck, I was also cooked perfectly, tender, and extremely flavorful. The tuna appetizer wasn't anything too special, tasted fine, but not as good as our main meals. The banana cream pie dessert was good as well.This place is located in Ocotillo, so there aren't a lot of other options. It's refreshing to have a high tier restaurant close to home. It's equal to about anything you'd find in North Scottsdale, but the price reflects that. Not that unreasonable, our meal with two entrees, an appetizer, two drinks, and one dessert was about $110. Not cheap, but not the worst either.This place gets 5 stars because the service was amazing. Our waitress was well-informed and made good recommendations. She was very attentive, our glasses were never empty and the table was clean. The manager made his way around as well and was equally friendly. The decor is nice and makes for a good romantic date night. I'll be back for happy hour very soon!
4	The food was very tasty, and the staff was very friendly.  I would recommend visiting for an elegant dinner.
2	The service and ambiance were great for a Chandler restaurant - it's hard to find such a nice spot out here. We sat outside, and the patio had a cozy, romantic feel. We were celebrating a birthday, so the menus had the birthday girl's name printed on them, and we appreciated the nice touch. The server was knowledgeable about the menu and helpful in our decision-making. The only problem was the food! We got the mussels, scallops, and hamachi for starters, and the mussels were so fishy to me. I loved the scallops, and the hamachi was just average - not the wow factor I was hoping for with such a pricy dish. Then the entrees came, and I was really disappointed with my pan-seared turbot. The spaghetti squash was drowning in this uber-rich cream sauce, and the fish was greasy and overcooked. My family also complained about their orders - all of them said their food was really (really!) salty, and my dad even had trouble finishing his because his tongue was burning from the salt. He has a high tolerance for salt, so I was really surprised! For the prices we paid, I expected much more delicate, thoughtfully seasoned food.Then we ordered dessert - banana creme pie, black and white (flourless chocolate cake), and creme brulee to share. The brulee was good, but the pie and cake were nothing to write home about and definitely not worth the price.Overall, I'm glad I went to Cork to experience the atmosphere and get the special occasion vibe, but I probably wouldn't go back for the food unless the prices go down!
4	Second time here and it held up both times! Service: A contemporary five star, instead of an old school five star like capital grill. A little more relaxed and less formal but absolutely spot on. I've given two five star service ratings recently and i'm truly not easy on servers.  Food: a solid four that could be a five with just a tiny tweeking. We had the scallops and mussels as appetizers and they were perfection. Not fishy at all per an earlier review. The fry bread that comes with the mussells was to die for. There were six of us but all the entree's were venison, tenderloin and one person had the boar. My entree was very good, the steak was five star the accompaniments were to salty. Which seems to be a theme in below reviews and the reason for the four star food review. My friend who had the boar said it was to salty as well. You'd think that the chef would be reading these reviews and find other seasonings or lighten up on the salt. The other reason for the four star food was that the desserts, the black and white and the banana cream pie, were very average. Wine list: again, I'm not an oenophile... but they certainly have a large wine list. It has some of my favorites, and I found two new wonderful wines. Decor: contemporary, hip, beautiful. Maybe a little loud, but not to loud. Note: the appetizers are really narrow. They are all meat/fish based. They needed some appetizers that were vegetable based, or polenta based.. just something different than fish or meat. Overall a great experience.
4	We really enjoyed Cork. Not too loud like other places. My beef tartare needed more seasoning and the spinach was left off my entree, but the entree flavors were rich and delicious.  My wife's filet was wonderful. Recommended, for sure (the restaurant).   She had a great salad with caramel corn and blue cheese...awesome.   Give this place a try, for sure.
5	A date night to be remembered.  I'll save you the time of reading a lengthy review and give one word to describe the entire experience.  IMPECCABLE.
5	Amazing!  Best food and service.  I was unsure what to expect but this place is one of the best in the valley!! My wife loved it too!
4	Now this is our 3rd dining experience at Cork within the last 6 months. Each time, our reservation times were honored right on time and were seated without any wait, food and service has been consistently excellent. Our only negative was the 2nd time we dined there the bread was cold, my son doily noted that while dipping in the fine oils. The other negative, just on our recent visit was that we sat a a table instead of a booth which we had previous sat at the last 2 visits. The noise level was extremely hard to hear or have conversation, but this time the bread was warm. Again as I have said in previous reviews, this is a "Gem" for Chandler and a definite fine dining experience Chandler could use.
5	Amazing friendly service,custom menu for my girlfriend on her birthday amazing food and a gem in chandler I support chef owned restaurants and this is one of my favorites
5	A modern ambiance and a delicious menu that changes with the season make this one of our favorite restaurants when visiting the Phoenix area. We have always had great and friendly service (ask for Scott) and we love half price bottle of wine night on Tuesdays. Recently we were able to get happy hour in the restaurant, which certainly makes the night more delicious and affordable. We were especially impressed with the addition of a tablet (not an iPad but close) in place of a paper wine list. The tablet allows you search or browse, read about, and create a list of wine possibilities so you can chat about your options with your server. We were also able to email the list to ourselves so we can look for the wines at other stores/restaurants.The service, food, wine, and setting will keep us coming back for each time we visit Mom and Dad.
4	The husband took me on an improtu dinner date to Cork on Friday 3/1. After watching Top Chef Seattle and seeing the guy make foie gras torchon, I've been dying to try some. I've had foie gras in the past, but the husband has not. We ordered this as a starter along with the beef tartare and as usual, Cork wowed us! We each had a salad and then split the pork loin which was amazing. I love that this place takes the time and effor to mix things up and offer a delicious selection of options. My only criticism would be to get the martinis to the table sooner. After a long week of work, I didn't want to wait 12 minutes for my drink to land. But your blue cheese stuffed olives made the wait worth it. We will definitely be back!
4	We've been here for dinner twice. We decided to check out the happy hour and were quite pleased. Great drink specials and food items. We will be back.
4	Took my boyfriend here for his Bday dinner. Very impressed with the service. Friendly and laid back. Also personalized the food menu with a Happy Birthday message!  they bring you an ipad with all of their wine bottle and glass selections that has ratings and tells you about each wine. Very cool! Food portions small, but standard for this sort of upper-scale dining. thought it could have used a bit of a bigger menu with more selections, but overall very good. Great atmosphere as well. we sat outside and they turned on the fireplace for us.
1	Walked in on a Friday night... Thought we may not get in since we didn't make a reservation.  It was pretty empty, then we found out why.  Appetizer- $13ish  3 crackers, 3 slices of cheese, 3 slices of summer sausage.  Was decent, not decent enough for $13.  The three of us were starving and looking for a good meal.  We were warned by our server that portions were small and to order more if hunger was to be quenched.  (Hence the reason to go EAT?)  Second portion: Salad.  We ordered two kale salads and one that  basically had Cracker Jack popcorn thrown in.  (At least hers had a "little" more flavor)  We spent $33+ on three salads that had about as much taste as a wafer on Sunday at church!?!  Ours was HORRIBLY bland.  Best aspect of it was the one slice of tomato at the bottom.  It was actually very tasty.  We were about to turn our napkins in and call it a night at Cork and head elsewhere.  But we had high hopes... Course #3: Wagyu flank steak for me, the special of the evening for the lil lady, Pork loin with apricot and mozzarella something-or-other, and our friends Lamb dish.  My steak was flavorful and I don't have much to gripe about... The lamb eating friend tried fervently to cut through her rubbery portion, only to eat 3-4 bites and give up.  As for the lil lady:  The "special" was not so special, unless being dry as cardboard makes one feel "special"?  I could see it from where I sat... flakes of pork flinging off as she cut, not moist tender-bites of goodness that sounded appetizing from our server. Service was good, polite, attentive, food was less than ridiculously bland and WAAAY overpriced for NOTHING good!?!  Sad...and I was embarrassed since I recommended we go there.So, we ate a $15 pizza afterwards.  That fulfilled our needs.
4	Pro's: Finally, a Chandler restaurant with a creative foodie menu...yeah!Food is wonderfulService fantasticGreat creative cocktailsGreat patio atmosphere..classy, comfortable, relaxing Con's: a bit pricey by Chandler standards but on par with ScottsdaleComments on other comments:- if you want a typical AZ restaurant that piles on the portions, go to any of a dozen chains in the area...Cork's portions are for normal sized people.- if you don't appreciate fresh, local, small-batch ingredients that require a higher tab, then go to the Cheesecake Factory for a cheese plate.We will be back!
3	It's okay at best.I love small plates rather than sitting down to a piece of protein that fills my plate, but there's a difference between small plates and plates with nothing on them.  Truthfully, we ordered a beet salad that had less than 4 oz of beets.  The mixed greens salad was a joke for the price and was nothing more than a premix, with such a spare amount of dressing, you'd think twice about calling it a salad at all.  The best thing we ordered were the scallops, but I was expecting lion paw sized, as stated on the menu.  If the size stays the same, they should serve you three instead of two.  We also shared the seared tuna, and again, for $18, I could tell you a dozen of places to go in Chicago that would put that to shame.  OH!  It's was so hot when were there, my husband was sticking to his chair.  The only thing the server could say was that they were having air conditioning issues because someone left the door open or something.  Next time they should think of accommodating their guest for the poor accommodations. I'm not impressed.
2	I first read about this place in the Phoenix New Times and I take my wife there on occasion. We like coming here for dessert, after eating somewhere else. Their take on banana cream pie is exquisite. But it seems with every time we give this eatery our patronage, the service gets worse and worse.Cork's version of banana cream pie is awesome. Elegant and tasty. But having a meal here is a different story, and after only trying the food one time, I won't ever do it again. The one time my wife and I ordered food from Cork, it was only out of curiosity and was following meal at another place; thus we only wanted something light before ordering the banana cream pie, so we each got an appetizer. I got the plate of meat, cheese, and crackers; and she got a salad. Both dishes were lean on the helpings, and though I've come to just expect it from Cork, I find the portions a bit annoying for what you pay. (I've seen what other patrons order as well, and see the cost on the menu. Geez.) Anyway, my appetizer was good for what it was, and the wife was satisfied with hers as far as taste went. But the turn-off was with the waiter through the entire time. First, he acted very irritated when we only ordered water and not wine, and was very condescending with us wanting only appetizers to precede our pie. ("Usually people order a MEAL with an appetizer." WTF?) The kicker was when he made snarky comments about me paying cash instead of using my card. What, dude? When I have $35 in my pocket, is the place really too ritzy to pay the check with cash? That was a new one.If my review were based solely on what our personal Cork staple is (the banana cream pie,) then it'd get 5 stars. But between the minimalist yet expensive portions and the up-nosed, elitist attitude of our waiter, I just can't give it even an average rating. From now on, we only come to Cork for dessert. Seems like the wait staff won't turn into divas when you do that.Peculiar.
5	Excellent food and service as always!
4	We decided to go with friends recently since this is one of their favorite restaurants...located in South Chandler down by Fulton Ranch it's in a great spot..Interior was warm and cozy and service was very good! They close in the summer months so we had a five course meal that was the "chef's pick".  When they close for the summer they clear out their pantry and and offer you a 5 course "surprise" meal..the server will ask you in the beginning what you do not want and then everyone gets a different small plate for each course.  It was absolutely amazing.  Great food...a bit pricey but well worth it due to the quality of the food.  There was alot of "game", seafood, short ribs, and dessert was also included.  An excellent place for a romantic dinner or a treat for yourself!
3	Dinner is outstanding and wine selection is impressive. Bar service is terrible. We have been multiple times since we live nearby, but the same bartender is on duty. He is dismissive and rude, except for his chosen few, which he gives them great service. If you can avoid sitting in the bar then you will have a great experience.
4	Interesting menu, great service, and relaxed atmosphere.  If you're looking for large portions, this is probably not your place, because the prices are on the higher end.  The salmon was very good, but did not try any of the other interesting items.  It's nice to have a little upscale restaurant in the Ocotillo area of Chandler.  I would definitely return.
4	Unique and flavorful dishes set Cork apart from other restaurants in the Chandler area. However it is a bit pricey and service was a little slow on this occasion.  Went back as part of AZ restaurant week in the spring and it was the best of our 3 visits so far.  Great food and service!
2	Let me start out by saying that had I written this review 2 years ago it would have been at least 4 stars. At this point 2 is all I can bring myself to give. Cork used to have a Sunday brunch that was amazing and priced very well. They also had bottomless mimosas. They stopped doing brunch and from there the dinner service seemed to loose its luster as well. The food is sold as being tapas or tasters but the price does not reflect this. The service is so-so and actual food is hit or miss.  Add to all of that - the hours keep changing. They are sometimes closed for the summer or not open certain days. We won't be back mostly because there are so many other places we can get an amazing dinner but for half the cost.
1	just left there--everything was raw  ---the service was rude--will never go backI was expecting a special wedding service and we sat there for a long time waitingfor our  food and wine--
4	Went on a Thursday night and it was *dead* - however the food was great. I especially enjoyed the scallops (appetizer) and the pork tenderloin - it was not listed on the menu but it was blackened and it was a pleasant surprise (however if you don't like peppery seasoning it may not be for you).It would be great if they had a tasting menu because I wanted to try a lot of the items on the menu but knew the portions would be too much. Service was friendly but just wasn't very polished. There were some awkward moments when they were clearing plates and their timing was erratic.  However, given the location, I will more than likely be there again soon.
2	We did the Vietnamese tasting last night and felt underwhelmed with course. The banh mi option at ($10) was stellar and the mero was delicious but the accompanying coconut rice tasted more like a glob of risotto. Not sure if it was because we were the last reservation but the pho broth was overly salted almost like it was the last portion after a long dinner service and it got reduced. The pork bun bo was way too spicy and the spring roll/dessert was forgettable. $200 plus grat we could have feasted at Saigon Pho or Da Vang every day for the week. The decor was nicely done for the space and bar service was excellent. Maybe we have to go back and dined off of their regular menu.
3	some of the food was really good other stuff was horrible. the company party we were apart of had the party outside it was freezing....  i dont think id go back here ..
2	Meh....seems to be dropping off.
5	I had lamb for my entree and my girl friend had hanger steak.. Food and service very good .. Ambiance is romantic and perfect place for date night .. Little pricey but it's good and you get worth of your money. I'll be back
5	The food, presentation and service  was outstanding and such a wonderful small quiet atmosphere.  The menu if different and varied and not for your average taste buds. Don't mind paying the price for all the above reasons.
5	Been here before, and looked forward to a return visit. Did not disappoint. Our server, Matt, (dishwasher, Conner) and entire staff are wonderful. We had to move tables - air conditioner working marathon sessions - and it was a smooth transition. Matt was extremely knowledgeable about the menu - patient with all our questions and really easy going.We were a group of four women who dine out a lot, and honestly have high expectations but ultimately just want to have fun and a memorable meal.  The food here is extraordinary. If you have the chance when you are in Chandler, do yourself a favor and eat here. Your tummy will thank you. xxoox. Also, the Banana cream pie with Oreo cookie crust was painfully delicious....
5	My wife and I's favorite restaurant, by far.  Food is changing seasonally, and is amazing.  Staff is knowledgeable about the menu, and preparation.  Not the least expensive restaurant around, but worth every penny.
3	Food was creative, flavored were good. Appetizer portions reasonable for the price and quality. Main courses however is where they fall short. Portions were far too small for the price, about $6-10 more than should be depending on what you order. Bread was a but dry for brioche but a nice light bread to have with the meal. Wine selection is very good and varied. Coming from a food town like Portland, this restaurant is nothing special but is a great addition to the chandler/sun lakes area. I would not return for dinner but would for apps and a glass of wine. They were not very busy for a Friday night either so I suspect many others feel it is overpriced for dinner, too. Would re-evaluate that for longevity.Nice atmosphere too despite odd strip mall style location.
4	The bee's knees of cuisine, with a bee-sting of a price tag.Value and taste are very subjective measures I understand but let me say first that everything on this menu is the best version of everything you have ever tasted. Things you would think to be bland like polenta and pork belly are literally transformed into the top 10 dishes you have ever had in your life. Atmosphere is certainly not pretentious and if feels so comfortable to be here and the staff is so professional yet warm it's just perfection. The wine cellar which is the first thing you see also looks like it came from an old vineyard or museum display. A+ for food, ambiance, and staff.But how much should one feel comfortable paying for an A+ experience in Chandler? Everyone will have their own opinion on what something is worth. Considering the small portion sizes and location I don't think it entirely can justify the expense. Luckily there is a happy medium to be found at Happy Hour (which is all night on Wednesdays) or in their sunset menu. One gets to enjoy the A+ experience for just a bit less. In the end I recommend this place highly for an anniversary or special meal, but cannot recommend it to every person who is looking for a new favorite regular restaurant.
1	NO! Went on a Friday night June 20, 2014, and restaurant was fairly busy, but you could get in. I'm giving the review the big thumbs down! First, the staff were not friendly or helpful at all. They had a lot of attitude, like... we know food better then you and you can't alter your order, Yikes! Second, we had a party of five people and four of the five did not like the food - my son had lamb and said it was fine, but he left hungry as any 18 year old boy would from this place. Third, portions were even smaller than you might have heard, like really really small. Fourth, the menu is limited, only six options for dinner. And last, this place is so over priced it's ridiculous! Sticker shock alert! With one glass of wine, you had better plan on $100+ per person...and leave hungry. I went home and had peanut butter and jelly and it was awesome compared to the Cork? These guys are trying way to hard and miss the mark miserably. I'm giving out a rare one star for me. I highly recommend you pass on this place as it disappointed in almost every way. I know our group will never be back. Fail!
3	It was our first anniversary and I made plans for a nice dinner.   We had both reviewed the online menu and it looked like a great place.  We get there to find out it was thier last night, not posted on the website.   The only thing they were offering was a 5 course chef's choice dinner.  Some of the courses were good and others were not so great.  In the end I wanted a bit more to eat since the portions were so small.   I guess we missed the boat on the hay day of this place.  I saw many people coming in the door that seamed to know the staff well.  I will say the service was good not sure I would have gone back but that ship as sailed.
5	I am writing the review post Cork.... So this is for the new and improved Cork, also known as Ernest.  I brought a date here on a Thursday evening, the restaurant had a good amount of patrons and was not crowded.  The hostess sat us and the waiter came over to get us started, the wine and beer list is on an iPad which I thought was cool and easy to navigate.  We order drinks and my date and I were having great conversation the waiter felt bad for interrupting us but I was appreciative he was cordial about checking in.   We finally ordered another drink and food.  Our salad came out and we chatted over that for what seemed 5 minutes but was actually 30.  The waiter came over and said that he hadnt put the order in quite yet because he noticed we were enjoying one anothers company and asked if we would like to delay the meal or go ahead and get it started.  I thought this was really nice of the waiter and very thoughtful.  Now to the food, the Mac and cheese was amazing...  I normally dont say Mac and Cheese is amazing but this was so full of flavor, bits of bacon, mushrooms, it had a smokey taste that left an amazing after flavor in your mouth.  I highly suggest the PB&J creme brulee for desert as well...    I will return!
