3	I don't normally don't even review a hotel restaurant as they are all damn near exactly the same, but the service set this place apart.Graded on a curve, this place would be 4.5 stars.  Food was satisfactory and the restaurant itself was quite charming.  What would make me want to go back was how wonderful the staff was.  Super attentive and very personable.  As a hotel guest, they made us feel like we were regulars.If you're in the area, I would definitely stop by for a bite to eat!
1	The worst service ever! We got the breakfast buffet and it was plain, not very hot, and not very good for $12. We waited for 5 minutes to get our drinks, when they tell us that we can't have the mimosas we ordered because they didn't want to open a bottle of champagne for our 2 drinks. So our backup Bloody Mary choice was delivered 5 minutes later with no garnish...we had to steal the water pitcher and refill our own waters! I've been in the service industry for 7 years and I'm pretty lenient about service bc people have bad days, etc. but I have found a place for Restaurant Impossible to film next...and for a Marriott? Super disappointed and sad.
5	I've eaten here a number of times. Tried a bunch of different omelettes and burgers. The volcano burger was amazing. Their breakfast buffet is delicious also. The bar service was really good, great drink selection.  I must say I was impressed for a hotel restaurant.
4	Came in here because I was too tired to go anywhere else. I am so glad I did. It's a small restaurant that is part of the Marriott. It was very quiet but they had MNF on so all is good. I ordered the pork loin. It was fantastic. Cooked to order. Served on top of mashed potatoes and then an apple coke slaw on top. The slaw is what made it go over the top. This is a nice little gem in Mesa.
4	This is a hotel bar, so it has per definition hotel bar prices. This makes this place not up to a comparison with other bars in the area - however with that being said, this place is nice. I killed some time in the bar and had great service and decent drinks. If I ever stay at this Mariott, then I am sure I will come to this bar. For sure.
4	Hard to believe that this is a hotel bar.  The building is physically separate from the hotel, so perhaps that is one reason.  I chalk it up to hiring.  I was here for three consecutive evenings and Hannah was my bartender.Hannah is the whole package.  Hard working, quick, funny, smart, competent. I want to hire her.If you're staying at the Mesa Marriott, don't go any further!
4	4 stars for surprising me with great hotel food. My expectations weren't too high and I ordered some chips and guac to keep it simple and what came out was nachos taken to another level. Spice was just perfect and the guac was the right amount for this size of the plate. Not the best guac, weren't not talking chipotle here but the mix of peppers and cheese was refreshing.  Add that with some local IPA to top it off and I got to say they knocked it out of the park here.  I couldn't wait to finish my meal and I'm eating it as im posting this review. Service was also good too, asked me how I liked it twice to make sure I was satisfied. I just arrived and will be here til Friday, I'll definitely will be coming back.
2	Stayed at this hotel for work. Let me start off by saying there is nothing else in close proximity to this hotel or this cafe so I think they have relied on this advantage otherwise there would not stay in business. The food is ALRIGHT but the customer service is terrible. The prices are also a little high... $13 breakfast buffet that consists of"  dried up eggs, bacon/sausage, and some fruit. I ended up skipping breakfast the last couple of days and just having a starbucks drink from the lobby of the hotel.
3	great service but the food could be brought out alittle bit faster. This is my second time ordering a burger and it takes a long time to come out but is cooked to perfection. Staff is wonderful and knew exactly what I wanted as I walked in the door and "tried" to explain my order.  Overall great experience but service could be faster.
