4	They've always been a 3,0 - 3.5 star restaurant , especially when it came to their steaks.  They were always okay, the meat was never seasoned well, and the charbroiler guy usually over-scortched or under-scortched the meat.  I've never thought I'd do this but I'll have to give Outback a 4 star steak rating.  Normally, when I got to their restaurant, I have ribs.  But tonight we wanted steak.The clientele at this Outback is a mirror of the new North Las Vegas subdivisions.  Lots of different races mingling and having a great time.  Our waitress was a short Filipina woman who's hair went down to her butt.  At first she asked us what we wanted to drink - in Tagalog "Kumusta po, anong gusto nino para inumin? (Hello sir, what would you like to drink).  She got our drinks in no time, and we had some awesome Sam Adams on tap.  We gave our food rder in English because when I speak Tagalog, it's often sloppy, and I didn't want to end up with a piece of kangaroo meat or even horse tonight.The waitress laughed and said, "We have no kangaroo meat".  Thank God. So, I had the small sirloin, their most popular and smallest cut of meat with baked potato and bread.  My brother got the lobster and steak.  His was $22 and mine was $11..  Beer was $6.  What was surprising was though I got the smallest steak, they were both super thick.  We both like our steaks medium rare, and they were able to get that nice crust on the steaks with a great searing,  One slice of the meat, and juices started to flow out.Everything was delicious, and our waitress was very efficient with closing out the bill.  It was the best Outback night I've ever had on 10 previous visits to this chain.
4	Everyone was too lazy to drive to Ping Pang Pong and wait in the long lines so my mom suggested we go to Outback for Mother's Day since we haven't been here in like 10 years. I ordered the Char Grilled Rib-eye - rare w/fries and mixed vegetables. It was good. I ate a bunch of bread because the food took a long time because they were so busy. The waiter called me a "eating machine" because after eating all that bread, I still managed to clean my plate and drink two Arnold Palmers.My uncle wanted me to write about his salmon in my review. He said it was cooked perfectly but the portion was too small.I just changed my review to 4 stars because our sever Robert kept us entertained during the long wait for our food.
4	No Outback can really deserve a 4-star rating, can it?  After all, it's a chain restaurant pushing out large volumes of food.  Can't be THAT good.Well, this one can.  Service was exceptional with everyone friendly and smiling.  Wasn't real busy on a Sunday night, which was a nice surprise, and our server was the cutest and most attentive little thing.  I almost gave it a 5-star if you can believe that!Started with a great Margarita for me, and my girl got some sweet peach slushie-booze thing.  Must have been to her liking, 'cause she ended up getting two of them.Then came the salad - a blue-cheese wedge.  No exaggeration, this was quite possibly the absolute best salad I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  Ice cold, huge, crisp iceberg lettuce wedge drizzled with balsamic & blue cheese crumbles, topped with blue cheese dressing, bacon bits and onion slices that were easy to pick off (I hate onion) and surrounded by little cherry tomatoes that were cut in half - a nice touch.  I lack the vocabulary to properly explain how delectable this salad was, so I won't even try.I got prime rib, which I ordered rare and served "Outback style" which was explained on the menu as seared on the grill with their signature spices before serving.  I like mine on the rare side of medium rare, so I figured the spice-sear would overcook the meat if I ordered it MR.  I was right - it would have.  In fact, even the rare piece I got ended up on the well side of medium-rare when done.  A little too peppery too, so I doubt I'll exercise the "Outback style" option on my next prime rib order there.  That's one reason for not getting 5 stars, which might be a little unfair since it's pretty objective based on one's taste, but oh well.  Still a good meal.  Sides were yummy (my garlic mashed and her sweet potato) and portions as expected.She got a great sirloin dinner special, but the spices on the meat were a little too much for her over-delicate taste buds.  She finds even Taco Bell Mild Sauce to be hot though.  And luckily she was splurging and added a lobster tail to her meal so she didn't go hungry.  A bit expensive at $13.00 for a tiny little lobster tail, but I don't eat lobster and am inherently cheap, so maybe that's just me.  Still, another reason for 4 and not 5. All in all, I expected a 2 or 3-star meal when choosing to go to this Outback, and was pleasantly surprised to find it was a great meal.  Great drinks, phenomenal salad, yummy sides and main courses that were prepared as we ordered them, we'll just have to order better next time and maybe we can push it to a 5-star rating that this location might actually deserve.
3	I stopped by for my birthday dinner last week and well everything was only OK. I hardly ever drink but ordered the Wallaby Darned drink and it was very tasty, probably the highlight of my meal. Very peachy with an almost blended texture. I had the Outback Special which was a six ounce steak with two side choices. Not a bad deal for 9.99. The steak was made just the way I wanted it and it was what you would expect from an Outback.  Not a bad birthday dinner but not WOW either, very mellow and just my style.  Side-note: the ladies room was wicked gross, so maybe "go" before you go.
3	I've been to this Outback more times than I can count. It is one our regular choices when we crave steak and don't feel like firing up the grill ourselves. I am giving it a solid 3 because its nothing phenomenal yet at the same time it is good. However, this might be due to the fact that every time my boyfriend and I go we are already very hungry.I'm not a big fan of any of their appetizers but they are not bad. I like both the French onion soup and the baked potato soup. Particularly cause I am not good at making soup at home. I like beef a lot. Specifically I like prime rib. They always get it perfectly medium rare. And my bf tells me his sirloin is always good.The service waivers between very fast and sorta slow. Somedays I order a margarita and it is the first thing the server brings, other days it shows up a quarterway through my entree.  I have never had a bad experience here (other than a wet booth seat). My biggest complaints would be the lighting is so dim and there are too many children. However, I really can't fault them for that since it is a family-oriented chain restaurant.
1	I had a $25 gift card and finally decided to use it. I'd never been and hadn't heard much about it. We were sat promptly but they waitress didn't show up for a good 20 mins. Ordered the wings, they came "dry-rub" style ...different but good. Took about 45 to get the 2 burgers we ordered. Mind you we didn't feel like burgers but with their 3 page menu (including app/drinks/deserts) there wasn't much of a choice. Definitely won't go back. What is it similar to? Think a 10 times downgraded version of Chili's .
4	It's Outback!  Can't resist the brown bread.  It's a regular choice for me when I feel like going out to eat.  Overall, the staff is okay, however the last time I went, I had an amazing server named Rob (?) that we only had to ask for ketchup for our cheese fries, which isn't something they normally serve their cheese fries with, so I can't be mad at them.  My boyfriend ordered the Porterhouse, but since it's a first come-first serve and we showed up at about 8:30-9:00, it was very tough.  My boyfriend sent it back and the manager came out to address our concerns.  He just ordered a different steak, and the rest of the night went great.  I know it's a "franchise" and a lot of people don't really rate it very well but I love Outback for what it is.  Definitely prefer it to Applebees or Chili's or something like that.
2	The waitress seemed a little too comfortable when she took our order while sitting down at our booth. That was weird. Bread and butter always appreciated. Our steaks were okay. I don't know why I was expecting the Wow Factor.   Our bill + tip was came out to $55. Checking my bank statement a week later, and Outback charged me $65. I called the manager, he researched it and said it looks like I left a $15 tip. Are you kidding me?!  I told him, there's no way I'd leave a $15 tip for a $40 tab for a waitress that took my order sitting at my table. He called me later that day, informed me that this happened a few too many times and that he "fixed" the problem. He will be sending me a $25 gift certificate to come back. He said, "Don't worry, you won't see her, anymore." Yikes!The second go around was better, the difference and tip after my $25 gift certificate was paid in cash. LOL.
4	Love the tilapia with lump crabmeat and it has less then 600 calories. I've never had bad service at this location staff is always friendly and attentive.
3	Luv the happy hour drinks. The French onion soup was great .
3	Its OK food, my burger was not bad but too much bun.  Greeter said it was happy hour but the server never mentioned anything about it.  Garlic mashed potatoes could be better.  Ribs are pretty good too.  Not bad for a chain restaurant.
5	I am a regular of the Outback chain - as a person with too many food allergies to list - I always find the food to be 'safe' and satisfying at a great price. (I always have the Victoria's Filet)Tonight I was a bit surprised that an assisting waitress was bringing my food - as I had not yet been served my salad.  She noticed the surprise in my expression and I explained jokingly the situation. She apologized, stated she would still bring it out and would be right back. I wasn't upset as having salad post-supper is common in Europe, etc. Not 10 seconds had passed that the manager 'Cody' was at my table expressing apologies for the mistake and offering me a free dessert.  My waitress also was quick to refill my beverage and remove finished plates.  She also apologized for the mistake.  Although I was not upset in the least, I truly appreciated the team's prompt response to even a minor mishap.  This is a very busy location, plan to call ahead or wait about an hour - if you have any concerns do not hesitate to kindly let the management know - they really want to please ever guest to the best of their ability.
4	Outback?  Ok.  I had the Outback burger with fries. It was a good size..nice flavor and pretty juicy. My boyfriend had grilled chicken with veggies and a side of sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were bomb..way better than the regular fries. They glazed them with some kind of honey sauce. Delicioso!The only downside was it was a little chilly in there. Also, it seems like their menu got smaller and portions too.  My boyfriend was still hungry after his meal. Oh yeah, the server kind of messed up our order. (Can't win 'em all)So all-in-all, on this trip I'd give it 3.5 stars.(come on yelp, no half stars?)
5	Excellent service !! ask for Laura N. !!
5	For those of you who haven't visited Outback  on Craig Rd. lately, you need to. The place has been remodeled and is gorgeous inside. Not only that, but the customer service is SUPERB. They have ice cold water to drink while you wait to be seated, and they know who ordered what when they bring the food to your table. They didn't have to ask me what I ordered - wow. Every time I've gone, there has been a manager on duty that has come by our table and asked us how everything was. I haven't found a restaurant in North Las Vegas whose customer service even comes close to this place. OH - and the food has always been delicious and just the way we ordered it! Absolutely NO complaints here!
1	I ate here yesterday for the first time in a while...and I remember why I don't eat at this location. My waitress was Kayla, I think. She never introduced herself. She brought us our appetizer and let us wait for about 25 minutes before taking our order because she thought we had more people coming? Absolutely ridiculous. She didn't even ask, she just assumed we were waiting because there was an extra menu on the table. 25 minutes later we finally order...she drops my ketchup and didn't get my order correct. The people behind us had to speak to the manager because their food wasn't cooked all the way. And the people in front of us were complaining because she got their order wrong as well. Complete waste of money.
3	So, the food was awesome. Always is! However our service last night was awful!Our waitress took 10-15 minutes to take our drink order. 20 minutes later we got them and placed our order with a waitress who was rushing us and making us feel super uncomfortable. Not sure if she had too many tables or what the deal was. Our salads arrived 45 minutes after we ordered. When I reminded our waitress she said they were coming up. Clearly she forgot to put any of our food in. After we got our salads, our main course arrived 1 minute after :/ The server was always rushed and kept muttering things about the cooks or other servers under her breath everytime she walked by. "Cooks need to knock that shit off", atfer she would leave a table.PROFESSIONAL! The poor people at the table behind us sat down and didnt get greeted by our waitress until 30 minutes after they sat down. I don't know whats going on with this place, but I was in the restaurant business for 8 years...the servers need more training. Plain and Simple. Ill sit at the bar next time around.
2	Will not be back.  Was seated at a dirty table had to point out that the coasters were all dirty. Food was not as good as recent visits blooming onion very greasy and ribs appeared to have been warmed up then just cooked my opinion
3	2 meals for $25.  Sounds like a plan.  It comes with your choice of their selected 3 appetizers, soup or salad, choice of entrees (I think there was like 5 or six to choose from) and choice of one side.Appetizer - Alice chicken quesadilla with honey mustard -a little weird with the honey mustard but it was ok.Salad - tangy tomato dressing all the way.  Love love love their salads(we both ordered) Chicken on the Barbie - overcooked and dry :(  the BBQ sauce is yummy Mashed potatoes - Nothing to write home about but I do like the little chunks of potatoBaked potato - BF explained it as a scrub potato (thumbs down)-it looked small and bottom of the bag*for the "2 for" special there lacked a little love in these dishes.Bread is always awesome.Chelsie was our waitress and a pleasure.  It was my mom's bday and we all sang and Chelsie joined in.  The service was great....food was an eh.  Outback is always a favorite of mine so I will definitely be back but maybe the Rainbow location. ;)
1	Go after 7:45 PM on a Friday night. Thats when it calms down. Sorry to say that the next day I got sick. I will not be coming back here.
4	Sadly in this part of own there are not too many steakhouses and over time even restaurants have been going under.  This Outback's food has been consistently good and the service is always on point.
2	I am an Outback lover.  I hit up an Outback at least once a month, usually for lunch.  Those darn Bloomin' Onions have me addicted!  Even with my love of Outback, it can't save this particular location for me.  This location just stinks!  I went here with a girlfriend to celebrate her birthday.  This location is near her work and where she picked to go.  We went in for lunch during the week.  We walked in and it was almost empty, even though it was 12pm.  The host stand was staffed with a guy that resembled a robot.  He was just on auto-pilot and was there to do his job and nothing more.  He wasn't rude, but he wasn't friendly either. He was just there to collect a paycheck and nothing more.  A smile or a hello would have been nice, that's all I'm saying.We were then seated at a table and waited several minutes before our server acknowledged us, even though there were only 2 other tables in the whole section.  Our server was friendly but ditzy.  He did bring out drinks out shortly after and then took our order.  We didn't see him again until we were half way though the meal. He did bring us out refills at this point, which was nice since we had been out of drinks for almost the whole meal by then.  Again he was super friendly, just an awful server.Now for the food.  We order the new Barrier Reef Trio with the coconut shrimp, crab avocado stack, and ahi tuna and a steak.  The seafood trio is definitely an appetizer, unless you have a small appetite.  Luckily we had also ordered soup and salad as well, otherwise my friend would have starved.  The seafood was pretty good though except the coconut shrimp were about 5 seconds away from being burnt.  The steak I ordered medium rare came out medium well.  Ugh, who even eats medium well steak?  Anyway, the steak was overcooked but my friend had to get back to work and we didn't have the time to send it back.  Since I was just going to eat it, I asked the other server (since I couldn't find ours) and the food runner if they could grab some blue cheese dressing (sounds weird but it goes so well with steak!).  They kept telling me ok, but no blue cheese ever came out.  I gave up and just ate the steak because of the lack of time.  I had also ordered the garlic mashed potatoes.  Even these were wrong.  They were so full of lumpy, half cooked potatoes.  I love potatoes, but not undercooked ones.I am really not a complainer, but this whole experience was just bad.  I still love Outback, but I won't come back to this location, unless I absolutely have too.  So you can see the food was ugh, the service was blah, and the overall experience was just mediocre at best.  You have been warned about this location!
1	10-25-2013 Monday 6 PM party of four. We were seated and immediately were approached by a very rude server female. I was clear she didn't want to be there let alone serve us. This was really a shame as the other couple (visitors from Australia) had never been in an Outback but come to the states every year. We ordered drinks, which came one at a time. I asked the server what was the problem, she said bartender had to restock entire bar. Wife ordered salad, no croutons server was snippy. Order steak and lobster steak cook wrong lobster was size of shrimp over cooked. Server was no help what so ever. Bad experience .01 TIP rendered.This outback has been steadily going down hill for Two years.
2	The service was very slow. Blooming onion was overcooked to the point of tasting burnt. The quesadilla was dripping grease.  On a positive note. It was not crowded by any stretch so our conversations were easily heard.
5	Out back, My favorite restaurant. :) Ever since I was a little kid. Portions of the food got smaller. But the customer service was great. I'll always go there for special occasions!
2	Place was quite empty on a Tuesday night so we thought we'd have a pretty fast service but boy, we were WRONG.Server was quite friendly & I know it's probably not her fault but our food came so far apart and took WAY too long. We got our appetizer 10 minutes after we ordered everything. 5 minutes later, we got our bread and butter. We tried to wait for our soup and salad to come cause we usually like to eat it with them but it took too long. We were starving! 20 minutes later, our soup and salad came in. Then moments later, our entrees came in.The order of the food coming in was unusual and not good. Food was tasty though but I just can't seem to comprehend why they take too long for the food when no one else was in the restaurant. I've definitely had better, for sure.
1	Not worthy of even one star.  I ordered curbside and I was at Outback 10 minutes prior to pickup time.  Food was not ready, not a problem.  The insult was; when I got home and unpacked the food as a surprise for my husband's birthday the portions would be deemed kiddie size.  Yep it was a surprise all right!  11 oz steak was close to a 5 oz and cold.  I counted 20 fries.  I ordered the salmon and it was a little strip for $17.99, price I do not mind, but don't insult me.  The salmon was tough - overcooked and the veges were cold.  The dog ate it.  My kid's both had burgers that were limp, my daughter was supposed to have avocado - had to clean my glasses to look for the little piece of avocado.  This is the second time I have had a disappointing meal.  I thought the first time was a fluke, obviously not.  Will never go to a Outback again, very disgusted.  Ruined our evening.  Normally I would not bother to post a complaint, but my husband and I have worked in the food and bar industry for most of our life, we tip and acknowledge good service when we see it.  This is not one of those times.
5	I went here last night and after reading the reviews I was skeptical how service was going to go, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a busy Saturday night and I only waited 10 minutes for a table.  Our waitress Gloria was speedy and friendly.  We received our drinks and bread fast! The bread was fresh and warm.  Best blackberry martini I have ever had.  Entrees were amazing and cooked perfectly.  If I had to criticize anything it would be the hostess at the front entry was not super friendly and she did not smile.  I will definitely be back soon!
1	This is the 3rd time we have been to the Outback on craig road and the smell inside is getting terrible.
2	I had dinner here one night and 1st it was a long black hair in my stuffed mushrooms, they took them back and gave me another order for FREE!! Then I threw up ALL my food as soon as I walked out the door. I thought I was just super full but as soon as I opened my mouth, it all came out! I did accidentally order med rare instead of med well, that could of been the issue BUT I'm still never eating there again. Great server & strong drinks tho!
4	So happy we started going to this location. We are originally from Chicago, and loved the one out there. We would go a few times a month. The only thing is that they really do not have them in the city, you have to drive far out. So when we moved to Vegas we were excited to have one down the street from us. We went a few times to the one on Sahara and Durango, and it was terrible. Everything was gross, and undercooked. Even the blooming onion was not done right, one time it was undercooked with raw batter, and another time it was too burned to eat. We even witnessed a kid get sick while eating there. Just terrible. We hated it so much that we did not go back to ANY Outback for about 3 yrs. It grossed us out that much. We recently moved to the NW, and decided to give the Craig location a try. We are so happy we did. It rekindled our love for Outback. We have been to this location about 5 times and each time they never fail us. The cooks get it done just right. Right flavor, and the right way we want it cooked. Service is always great. The best server we had was Ashley, she said she is known as the "Girl with the tattoos" haha. She is an awesome attentive server, and very friendly. She even held our baby for us, while my wife was getting a bottle ready for the baby. As long as this location stays up to PAR we will continue to come back. Thank you for having pride in what you serve and in the service you give! :)
3	I honesty just come to Outback Steakhouse for their complementary bread! Who doesn't love the bread!? Usually coming here the service is on the slower side, but on my last visit we came close to closing time so they decided to pick up their speed. So I suggest to come at around that time. There was special going on for steak and lobster for $14.99. You had me at "$14.99".It was a good portion of a steak, 6 oz sirloin. I'm really not a heavy eater so that fit me just fine. I got the sweet potato as my side. OH MY GOODNESS, that was so delicious. It comes out warm, With honey butter & brown sugar on top. Those 3 together-- I can eat it all day!
4	If there's one thing I appreciate in a restaurant (especially chains), is consistency. I always know what to expect at Outback. A decent cut of beef prepared well and reasonably priced. So, if it's a Thursday night and you just want a moderately priced meal with consistent quality, Outback is a viable option in any city.
3	I remember a time when I was ecstatic to go to the Outback steakhouse.  Enjoy an excellent piece of steak cooked perfectly with enjoyable sides.  Not anymore is that the case.I started my meal with a cup of potato soup.  It was just ok, a bit over salted.  Tried the bread but it was a bit doughy, we couldn't cut it with the knife so it ended up folded instead of sliced.Next the steak & potato.  I did enjoy my sirloin, it was seasoned well & cooked within requested temperature, quite enjoyable.  The potato, blah.  It was over cooked & tasted very dry.  No amount of butter or sour cream helped rescue the potato. Overall, I enjoyed my company & my steak but that was all.  It seems the Outback, like most restaurants, have given up on creating a complete meal with excellence.  It would be nice to enjoy my complete meal.
2	So we just finished a wonderful meal at outbacks  and we go to pay and find out that they don't support the military.    I will stick to place that actively support the military.
4	Had a great salad for dinner. My wife's steak and potato were good too. We are here once a month, or so, and we usually have a a nice evening out. Service can be a little slow at times but it's usually ok.
5	I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED SUCH GREAT SERVICE!!!! I really cant emphasize that. As soon as you walk in the doors(which someone holds open for you) you get a warm welcome. We were seated right away within 2 minutes our server comes over and introduces himself (OH MAN I WISH I REMEMBERED HIS NAME). He started by taking ohr drink ordera d asking us if we wanted an appetizer. I ordere an unsweetend tea and the Aussie cheese fries. He promptly returned with our drinks as well as bread and butter and lets us know that our appetizer has been placed. We went ahead and ordered... I was in the mood for a burger so I went ahead and ordered the Moonshine burger medium well...OMG...HEAVEN! The meat was nice and juicy the bread was slightly toasted it was stuffed with onion ring lettuce and tomatoes...Makes me hungry just thinkig about it. For dessert i ordered good ol cheesecake , im not gonna lie i didnt really care for the raspberry sauce but ehh cant have it all. Throught dinner the server cracked jokes and played alomg with our jokes. He IS the reason why im giving it a 5 star!!!
1	Worst service ever.no silverware, no napkins and no straws....food took forever and the appetizer never showed up.
2	We use to go this Outback on Craig road and the service was great and so were the steaks. Over the last two years we have eaten here twice and taken out our food. The quality of the food has  gone down as well as the service. Our visit last night was our attempt to give it one more try.Service:   Our waiter was not the friendliest guy.  He took our drink orders and forgot my water after two reminders. Our appetizers came out and we had no silverware. One of the busboys happen to walk by and gave us our silverware. Our waiter cheered up towards the end....most likely because it was closing time. Food:  shrimp was too oily. Fried mushrooms and cheese fries were great. The tortilla soup was stale and tasted like it was in the pot on the burner all day. My steak salad was good. The meat was well done and the dressing was great. Our entire meal with drinks, was over 70......too much for just a mediocre experience.We won't be back.
4	I had a great server Trent that was very attentive.  The food was cooked to perfection.  Even the manager Abby came by to check on everyone.  Thanks for the great service.
1	I don't know if it's appropriate to report suspected food poisoning on Yelp, but here I try.Went to Outback on Craig Rd with my wife. We have frequented this restaurant numerous times.  Wife had the salmon dinner.  I had the steak special.  Dinner was uneventful.  When we arrived home, my wife said she felt weak and nauseous.  She then ended up throwing up her entire dinner in the toilet. After that, she returned to normal. My wife said she thought the salmon tasted a little funny and was bad. Maybe this is a freak event, but I raise the issue so other diners will be aware of my wife's mishap and be able to use our misfortune to evaluate their own bad experience more effectively.
3	It was just like what I expected from OutBack. Food was ok and nothing special about it. The staff wasn't to friendly when we walked in and there was no silverware on our table. Bloomin Onion looks like it got smaller but it was still good! I would come back to this OutBack for the Bloomin Onion! Other then that don't expect to much from this place!
2	Manager needs a personality, otherwise food is overpriced crap. This place was good once, not so much anymore. I wish these chains would get it together and stop wondering why business is so slow.
1	It's 12:45 pm and the half of the restaurant is empty, but the party of 3 needs to wait 30 minutes to get a table! Why? Because they don't have enough servers, this is rediculas,  will never come back here at lunch time, I don't have 2 hours for lunch,
