1	This JCPenney isn't the greatest.  It really lacks selection and doesn't carry all the brands as other ones do.  It also doesn't carry Southpole shoes and the people that work here don't know what they are doing.
4	I came here to find XL Men's dress shirts & ties. JC Penney's was having a 75% off sale and shirts & ties were $5--$8. Name Brands like Van Heusen, Stafford, Izod and more.I had already been to 2 other locations(Meadows Mall & Boulevard Mall) and neither had any 18 1/2 or 19 size Dress SHirts.This place had up to Size 22!!The selection was limited but I was able to get 2 Van Heusen Dress shirts for under $20!!They had quite a selection of Big & Tall Men's clothing which none of the other location did.
1	This store really lacks selection.  We went to the suit department, the selection was really no larger than a closet, when I asked for my size, they didn't even have it or I actually looked for it, there was no salesman around in the department.  When asked about another department in another part of the store, a salesperson gave us the wrong directions.
3	I love jcp but this one is kinda small. the pictures posted show the jcp that is on valley view & the 95 by the spaghetti bowl. . .PLEASE NOTE: theres no SEPHORA at the jcp in hendo or in the entire galleria for that matter. I love jcp for all the sales they put on. The other day I went and bought $70 worth of stuff for $24. You cant beat that. I got a new nightie, and 2 new shirts. they had jeans on sale but I can see why THOSE were on sale. ugly . and i realized something. . JEANS: the juniors section jeans are too low for someone in her early 30's. . (ok I'm 31) but the women's jeans looked like pajama jeans and are way bigger than I thought they'd be. So where do I buy jeans that arent pajama jeans and arent so low they dont even have a rise to measure? I like the dress section, most of the time. Youcan find some nice day dresses here that wont break the bank and you can add some variety to your closet. I dont like the shoe selection at all or purses. for purses go to the outlet malls, for shoes head to macy's!and for day dresses head to jcp! :)
3	The customer service just OK. I was appalled that I cannot say it was great. The ladies who helped up just had too many other projects to fully give their time to my wife & I. The selection for baby clothes, horrid. The prices resemble what I found at Khols, way toooooo expensive!
3	Typically I don't shop at JCPenney unless I'm with my mother. I think JCP has lost itself to an older generation. You don't really hear too many 20-somethings saying, "Oh I got this at JCPenney" or "I shop at JCPenney ALL THE TIME!"Normally I think JCP is good around Christmas. They always have amazing sales and you can find really cheap kids toys here strangely enough, such as RC cars and helicopters. You can also find good stocking stuffers, especially for the older people in your family. I have also noted I can find cheap running shoes here as well.As for their clothes selection I never find anything I like. Their junior/petites section definitely does not speak to me and the clothes, to me, all look pretty cheap and junky. I rarely find anything I like.They do have a decent small appliances/kitchen section and if you get their catalogs/sales in the mail you can often find a pretty dang good deal on certain things. This past Black Friday I got 24 Lock-N-Lock storage containers for $19.99. Very cheap. This particular JCP is lacking in customer service most of the time and often I find that the customer service people have problems running coupons or being able to point out where the deals that are being offered in the catalog are. Management could do their store a favor by training on the weekly/daily deals a little better. It's an okay store, but it's really good for certain things. Just keep that in mind.
3	Weird return policy. I had a sweater to return (this was a gift), but the sweater went on sale, so I had a pretty low value (and without a receipt). I got something else though, since I already had the sweater and in another color too. I ended up adding $7 to the return/exchange (all done on a gift card- this is policy). Just a warning for other people who have returns.  Nice addition to the store- Sephora!!!Small, but nice Christmas section.
3	I love the products they sell.  I am consistently less impressed with the staff.  There is usually only one person per section who has a clue.  I try to find that person when I have questions.
5	I'm a clearance rack junkie, and JCP, always have some pretty good stuff at a great price.  I actually ordered some stuff online, and this was my pick up location.  I should have just had it shipped to my house, I end up looking around the store, spending more money on clearance items.
5	I want to write a review for the Photo Department.We went in tonight for our scheduled photo session for our almost-7-month-old son. Amber helped us out and I have to say she made our experience so GREAT! I have never gotten photos done before but after this I will be returning for sure! She has this personality like I have known her for years when I have actually only known her for minutes. She has EXCELLENT customer service skills and it was just a thrill to have this experience. My son was happy and smiling the whole way through. Amber was very kind and gentle with him and her photos show her passion within her job. :)
1	This place is just the worst! Horrible customer service. Their employees blatantly show how much they dont want to be there and they have soooo much attitude! They cancelled my ship-to-store order without notifying me that it even got there! And it's not the first time! I've been a loyal customer since Robinson's May closed, but I've just about had it with this franchise!
5	Had what I wanted and enough staff where I could actually see it.  Good price as well.
4	I like JCP's. The clothes are good and the employees are nice. Plus JCP is the only one that sells LEVI's for juniors so this is my go to place for Jeans. There are also a great variety of other things. I come here a lot for Christmas.
2	This is a review for the portrait studio. I bought a $25 groupon for the sitting, prints, and a 3-picture CDFirst, it was incredibly difficult to find! All the employees I asked kept saying "it is in the back right corner," which it is, but it was still incredibly hard to find. It's tucked in a little corner next to the salon, but you can only see the "portrait" sign if you are coming directly at it. If you are coming through the guy's section, you have to turn right once you hit the salon, but there are no overhead signs for it. When I went in precisely at my appointment time (12.20), the photographer was still finishing up with the people ahead of me. Having worked in a medical office for many years, I didn't mind, as I know that one person who's late can set your entire day back. However, a couple showed up just after me, and they said their appointment was at 12.30. That seems awfully tight to me.I felt really rushed - the photographer shot 9 pictures total with 2 backgrounds. There's no mirror to check your hair or makeup in. The pictures came out "fine" and I didn't need anything fancy - just a few head & shoulders shots for applications. It all worked out fine for what I paid, but I just can't imagine how irritated I would have been if I had paid full price.
3	JCPenney is usually a store I walk through to shop in their Sephora.  Of course I browse items when making my way.  The store is very clean.  Shopping here sometimes is a hit or miss.  I will say we have found some great deals during sale days.  Service here is also so so.  We happen to be walking up to a register when the cashier did a magic trick...  Now you see him. Now you don't.  I don't mind shopping here every once in a while but it's not on top of my list.
1	Do NOT buy the Groupon for the JCPenney optical department.  It's NOT a good deal.  It's just to get you in the door.  You can't buy a reasonable pair of eyeglasses for the Groupon price.
5	What a great experience.  My son and I had to do some birthday shopping and we got so much with just one stop to JCP.  The cashier was so friendly and went above and beyond to give me the discounts they were running that week.  I typically don't go here and forget what a deal it is.  I'll be going back!
5	Love this store.. All of the Employees are always so helpful! I wouldn't shop anywhere else!
