1	Be careful!   These people are your best friends when your staying here, but sure enough when it comes time to leave you better be prepared.  My girlfriend and I leased an apartment here for 6 months from August of 2010 until early March of 2011 (we ended up staying an extra month as we overlooked our 30 day notice and had to submit one a bit late and stay the extra time).  Nearly a year later and my girlfriend decided to give them a call as she was in the market for an apartment in the area again, come to find out they are now claiming that not only did we not give them a 30 day notice (we had to stay an extra month to do so but absolutely did!), they are now claiming we also didn't give a final walkthrough (we actually did two to make sure the place was spotless!).     All said and done they now claim we owe over $900 in expenses for not giving a final walkthrough and 30 day notice.  The management for these places are crooks!Edit*  Also strangely enough, this is the only existing yelp listing for this building when I'm positive there was another low rated one at some point....
1	I would tell them to RUN and keep looking. When I first moved in, everyone was nice. A few months ago they tried to change my lease-agreed rent on me ($790 to $865??!!).  I had to take that to the district manager who had to fix that for me.When I went to move out I called the day before to schedule someone to do a final walk-thru with me. I show up at the agreed time, was told that the person who does the walk-thrus was currently at another property. After 20 minutes they finally called and told me he was too busy doing end of the month accounting and I needed to re-schedule? I'm sorry, I have a hectic  job (7:00 AM to 6/6:30 PM) and schedule time off work already to do that. Just unprofessional and no sign of any attempt at customer service. Francis was great the entire time I lived there, the rest of her "higher-ups" and co-workers? Not so much.If that wasn't enough, three months after I moved out I get a call from a collections department for $200 for "pet stains." Uhm. I didn't have a pet... ever?Great job guys.
5	I currently rent out a one bedroom here and not only is it a nice place but it is the nicest one bedroom in the area. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I visited every weekend before move in an looked at the room and checked things out. I highly recommend the 1 bedroom here!!!!
1	DONT RENT FROM THEM! WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!So, I go to Cantera looking for a 2/2 about 3 weeks before my move in date and am dealing with a nice lady named Jenny. She shows me the 'flamingo' apt and I'm sold on it. Its a great value at $945 a month and I'm super excited. I go the same day to put down the $200 deposit in money order.  Finally move in day arrives weeks later (June 28, 2014) with electric turned on already in the apt. I go to the office ready to get keys and have taken 3 days off work (as I work on the las Vegas strip at night and don't want to be moving and going to work) and having my friends on stand by at my storage unit waiting for me to tell them start loading up. I grab the keys and get handed a peice of paper telling me to write down if there's any issues wrong with the unit...Here's where it all goes wrong. I get to the unit and I notice two door knocks.  One high, one low.  I thought 'hmm, this looks like a handicapped unit. But it definitely shouldn't be, as she would have told me '. I open the door and the first thing I see is the STOVE AND MICROWAVE in the DINING ROOM!  Not even hooked up! I continue to walk the apt thinking it's a minor inconvenience, but not bad. I notice that the apt is not only dirty as hell but a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT LAYOUT and was a HANDICAPPED UNIT AFTER ALL. It was very different than the model I was shown. The model had a bedroom and bathroom attached to the master br. and this one was totally different! I was raging with anger from all the planning I put into this move for it not to happen, had to pay another months storage ($200) and the days off I has taken. To top it off I went back to the office and no manager was available till Monday.  Monday came and I talked to the manager Wendy.  She was very nice and tried to fix it but corporate wouldn't really let her as they don't care what happened to me. They said that they would give me a regular unit but not for the price we agreed on and I was told. They wanted to charge me 70$ a month more,  even tho it was their fault in the first place.  Ughh.So, she says the most she can do is give my deposit back as I had every intention of moving in. That was nice of her. We are in correspondence every few days about my check and she  is convincing me to come back and look at the one br on special for 400$ off move in costs. .I really want to trust her as she is so nice so (stupid me), tries again. She says she's going to check and see if the unit is ready to view and she will let me come and see it that day. I didn't get a call back from her, so I call back next day. Just so happened that unit was taken off the special the next day, so I couldn't take advantage of the 400$ off, so I just figure this place is garbage with terrible management. I look at it as I'm saving myself at least a year of heartache.  What a mess they are! I'm still hurting from the beating I took.
1	About 2 weeks ago there were little shits throwing potatoes at the cars going down Robindale towards rainbow. Needless to say they met the open end of a loaded pistol. Little fuckers ran like hell. If i ever catch one it will be a really bad day for them
4	I moved here from SoCal just over a year ago and I absolutely love it (the apartment I picked, The Cantera, & I am enjoying living in Vegas). Being that I came from one of the high end luxury apartments in OC, I was seriously concerned I'd end up hatiing it. However, I'm happy to report my experiences here have been great! It's also much more quiet than my last place, which does say alot. When I first walked through the Leasing office doors (over a year ago), this was the last and final place I went to tour. I had to wait a few months to get the unit & location I wanted, but I'm glad I did. The one that was open for move in immediately was right on Rainbow. Though it was tempting to take it, I knew with my sensitivity to noise & privacy I would have regreted it. So long story short, I am very happy here. The only thing I could say is that the craftmanship isn't the greatest here. My place in OC was immpecible in that department. But that's one small thing I am willing to overlook for all the other more important issues to consider living in any apartment. The mainance has also been great. Anytime I've needed them, they are there and take care of things quickly. I absolutely recommend this place and the general vibe of the complex, neighbors and of course the office staff.
