4	I was summoned to this place by a coupon I received in the mail for a free coffee mug that I could get $1 refills any time i come back. (Those Money Mailer things aren't a complete waste some time). I am glad I came because the breakfast panini I'm eating right now is all aces. I just picked up food, but I really liked the place. It seems like a great place to relax and I'm looking forward to going there for lunch sometime when I want to take an extended lunch break.The only issues I had were the lack of real iced tea and the staff being completely out of practice in serving customers because the place is frickin dead. I'd encourage people to check this place out so that it doesn't go under.Update - 9/22 - The iced tea machine has arrived and is open for business. (Thanks Tom) The place itself, still dead.
3	This is another great space on Central seemingly struggling with a steady clientele.  As another reviewer noted, they seemed really overstaffed last week when I was there for the three tables being waited on. The two times I've been there - for Sunday brunch and an evening dinner - you could hear a pin drop.  I heard from staff that they're still working on the liquor license (supposed to be happening soon), so perhaps that the newness of the place and light rail construction is keeping people away.My chicken and prosciutto panini and side salad was pretty good too and it's priced right for what it is at 8.95.  The wait for our food was a bit longer than normal (esp. given there was hardly anyone there and only three tables of people) - about 20 min. or so.  I also ordered a chocolate banana smoothie - which I've had better elsewhere.I like the interior design of the place, but yes, it is very IKEA-esque.  Their extensive sofa area makes me want to curl up on one of their sofas and read a book sometime.  I'd really like to like Switch more, but it seems to be off to a slow yawning start.  I do hope things improve.
4	This is one of those rare places where I have been disappointed a few times, but still want to come back and try it again in the future.  Honestly, I think this place is just taking a bit longer than normal to get going and come into its own.I was here twice -  once in the evening when it was totally dead (just me and 3 friends), and once for lunch where it was relatively full but not crowded.  Both times the service was really awkward.  Although I had different wait staff each time, on both occasions I or a companion made requests that went unheard - forcing us to be a little more aggressive than usual about getting their attention.  Is it bad accoustics?  Because the place isn't really that hectic, even during what is probably their busiest time of day.The food is ok, but it's a lot like Fez and Ticoz in that they stick with offering several variations on just a few select types of dishes.  However, I like that they offer some casual and light choices like a fruit and cheese plate - perfect if you're just hanging out for awhile with friends or clients.  I've also had a salad and a sandwich here, although I can't remember which ones (they were not bad, but obviously forgettable).The prices are reasonable, but the decor is cheap - so even without getting/tasting the food you already know they're fair.  Overall, I think I'd wait a few months to see if they're still in business, and then recommend another visit.1/22/08 Update - I went back with friends two weeks ago to find the menu and service greatly improved, so I'm upgrading to 4 stars.
5	I'm ranking this primarily on the food and what I think is some great potential... also based on the fact that I really want them to do well.Anyway, I've been to Switch I think five or six times now in the past month (whenever I'm in Phoenix for work) mainly because it's about 2 blocks from the office. I've done both take-out and dine-in, and have only come away with questionable service once. Even then, the food is spot-on. In the evenings, the whole area is sorta dead, especially with the light-rail construction, so I'm sure that's not helping out. But the several times I've been there for lunch, it's been pretty packed and have even had to wait for a table once or twice (just a few minutes).So, so far...Appetizers:- Garlic hummus. the waiter says it's "kick ass," and it was. Love the roasted pepper and artichokes on the side- Turkey Mac'n'Cheese. Wasn't my favorite, but pretty creamy nonetheless.Salads and Soup:-Sangria Salad with chicken (you can add chicken, beef, turkey, ham, tuna salad, salmon, or lobster salad to any of the salads). Anyway, rather fruity with grapes, apples, and strawberries. Great flavor combination.-Super Chop Salad with lobster. Stuff is just piled on. Love it.In general, the salads are pretty big and filling. Only gotten the soup of the day (which changes regularly as the name implies). Had a duck and mushroom soup the other day. A little on the salty side, but I can't say no to duck and mushroom in anything.Entrees:- Puff Pastry Galletes. Have tried the prosciutto, mozzarella, pesto and tomato galette which is mouth-watering, as well as the - Chicken Pot Pie Gallete. Chicken pot pie may be one of my favorite things in the world, and this definitely hits the spot.They also have savory crepes, a pasta, and meat and fish dishes.Sandwiches:- Ibiza Sangria Chicken. Friend ordered this, but the waitress was a little frazzled it seemed, so we ended up getting the sangria salad instead. Problem was corrected pretty quickly. Maybe she was new. Anyway, sandwich looked good (roast chicken with apples, grapes, goat cheese, etc.)- Eastport Lobster Roll. Lobster and seafood salad, roast corn and other veggies. Clean flavors, very refreshing- Parmesan Caesar Turkey Pita - basically a caesar salad with roast turkey and tomato, stuffed in a pita. Pretty good, but the turkey was just a tad salty for my tastes.Oh yeah, love their cookies too. They have some and other simple stuff at the honor bar, so you just take and pay in a jar. See how much they trust you? :D Even then, the staff have given me free cookies here and there while waiting or when we got a wrong order once.Anyway, you can see I've tried a good sampling of their menu, but there are like 10 other entrees, about 20 sandwiches, and a handful of other appetizers and salads, not to mention an entire breakfast menu, plus more cocktails, coffees, italian sodas, and smoothies. Maybe their tactic is to get someone like me to come in and eventually try everything on the menu. So far it's working :P
1	***** Important Note *****After posting this review I receive perhaps the nicest note from an owner one could possibly receive (even offering his phone number!)... CLEARLY the owner takes GREAT care and concern.  I am completely beside myself and I WILL be going back ... What a bummer!  Honestly, this was BY FAR the worst breakfast experience I've EVER had.1)  they had the front door propped open letting the diesel fuel and burning rubber smells waff about the place (from the light rail construction immediately outside the door)2   the IKEA coffee table (I know 'cause I bought mine there) I was eating off of was wobbly spilling my coffee all over the place3)  my coffee sucked4)  and my food really sucked -- I had the "Switch [eggs] Benedict", the hollandaise sauce sucked and the egg was over cooked and cold.That said, the place is absolutely BEAUTIFUL, they played trendy electronica in the background, supplied free Wi-Fi and served liquor.****************Okay second experience ... I go back a second time to play on my MacBook and have a few drinks on the patio on a wonderfully great day.  All is good until out of nowhere the waiter drops by my bill.   Am I being shuttered out?  Is his shift over?  If so, no biggie, I've worked in a bar and am more than willing to tip out but I'd still like to stay and please tell me if that's that case!  Grrrrr!  Well at least the brunette waitress (not mine) is cute. LOL*************
4	Ok...this place is from the guy that brought us Fez and Ticoz. Now I actually like Fez and Ticoz because they both have good food so I was expecting the same here.The place has a very cool vibe to it and the wait staff is very nice...especially a tiny brunette...tip her well!I have had the Buffalo chicken sandwich which did not have too much sauce so it didn't take away from all the other ingredients. I also had the Cordon bleu pita that was amazing.This is definitely a great place for lunch...especially because it's so close to where I work. I have not been for dinner but I expect the same great service.
2	I have been to this place 5-6 times, and thought the food good, the coffee great, and the servers, especially the brunette with the ornate cube necklace, very accomodating. So why the 2 stars you may ask? Well, we ordered coffee to go last first Friday. The man behind the counter pulled our shots into a plastic cup. Now I am not a coffee snob, but this does change the flavor, and not in a nice way. Also, I know for a fact that my friends had complained to a mangaer about this exact issue before (they are coffee snobs), and was told they would make sure the servers did not make to go coffee like this anymore.  Also, about 3 weeks ago, we had a brunch party of 12. Most ordered breakfast.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict, which sounded really good with the fried potatoes. Our server brings our food out with no potatoes, instead heaps of salad greens with our eggs and bacon. She apologizes, saying that the kitchen had run out of them and she had chosen salad as a sub instead of fruit or other items. As a server myself, I know you don't automatically make a sub. You come out and notify customers of the situation, and allow them to make their own choices. Several people had ordered the items they did for the potatoes, and although everyone ate their meal, no one was happy. We did not want to make a fuss as there was a bunch of us, and the place was busy.My Benedict itself was very disappointing. The bread rounds underneath were not toasted nor heated, so by the time it arrived to the table they were soggy and cold. The salad was a horrible match, as the dressing did not work well with the hollandaise sauce. All in all a rather disappointing meal.
5	What a nice surprise.  Good food. Eclectic mix with unique twist.  Tasty and reasonably priced for lunch.  We need more Switch Bakery's in Phoenix.
3	Switch was ok.  It didn't blow me away but for lunch it's a good standard place to pick.  The space is really nice, half restaurant, half lounge complete with Scrabble and decks of cards.  We started with the hummus which was fantastic just like I thought it would be.  However, I was disappointed with the mozzarella caprese sandwich.  I love sourdough but that pairing with the mozzarella just didn't work....the bread over powered the cheese and we all know that cheese should be the focal point.  I also didn't like the baby greens on the sandwich, just basal would have been perfect.  The Caesar salad that was included, however, was good.  I really liked the iced tea and loved that they give you a huge carafe of it on the table.  Some of lunch companions chose salads which looked very good, I'll probably choose one of those the next time I go back.  We got there at 11:30 but by noon the place was totally packed.
3	I've been there twice now for lunch. After my first dining experience there, I wasn't sure I wanted to give it another chance, but I decided to after making plans with some friends for lunch. I am glad I did go back because my second time at Switch was 100% better.The first time I went was with two co-workers and it was about 2 pm when we got there (we took a late lunch). It took over five minutes for anyone to even acknowledge that we walked in and there was seriously only three other tables at the time. Strike 1. We asked for another minute or two to look over the menu...well that turned into over 20 minutes. We kept trying to get our waiter's attention that we were ready to order and he kept ignoring us. Strike 2. I ordered the BBLT sandwich...stupid me forgot to ask for the bacon well done. Unless you like your bacon barely cooked and super soft, don't forget to ask for it crispy.  Then when our bill came, two of us wanted to use a card and one had cash. We asked the waiter to reduce the bill by the cash and then split the difference on the two cards (we've asked for this numerous times at other restaurants with no problems). When we got the book back, he completely messed up and didn't do what we asked. Strike 3. My second lunch experience was much better. I stuck with the caesar salad which was very good. Our waiter was extremely nice and five of the six in my party wanted to use credit cards to pay. We wrote on the back of the receipt how much to charge and our waiter said it was no problem. Everything came out correctly, which was so nice.All and all, Switch is just OK. It's not going to make the regular rotation of lunch places my coworkers and I go to though.
3	Pretty good food in a nice looking restaurant.  It's got a hip vibe and the menu to match.  Well presented hummus with crispy toasted pita bread, a nicely garnished green salad with walnuts and cranberries to start.Where things fell apart a bit was in the mushroom chicken entree.  I loved the sauce, but it turned completely soupy to the point of drowning the poor tender chicken.All in all a good meal, with two people we got out for around $75 with tip.  Not bad but not a great value.
5	There seem to be a lot of mixed reviews for this place, but I did enjoy my experience so they get 5 stars from me:).  We came here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and the service was good and the food was great.  I had the Pesto Beef Panini and a basket of fries and it was so delicious.  I knew that this place was owned by the same people who own Fez and Ticoz Tacos so I kind of knew what to expect and found that it was very similar to Fez in the atmosphere department.  I really want to come back and try the breakfast/brunch menu... one of my favorite meals of the day!  I will update this review then:).
4	I absolutely love the atmosphere and vibe of Switch.  I've been there 3 times, once for a latenight snack (before they were serving alcohol) and twice for breakfast.  My favorite thing about it is that I feel completely comfortable going by myself with a book and lingering over breakfast and coffee.Service is always very quick and super friendly, and prices are good.  Unfortunately, as much as I love GOING to switch, I have to be honest and say I haven't been wowed by the food so far, although I still need to try lunch/dinner.  Food's not bad, not at all, just nothing spectacular.Having said that though, I'll still go back often!
4	Seriously, Yelp?    I finally find a place that I really like in downtown Phoenix, only to read that everyone's been ragging on it? WTF?I came to Switch tonight to meet a friend who I hadn't seen in.. oh... 15 years? I was so excited to see the nice atmosphere -- much more a lounge, than  bar -- and that's something that's missing in the Valley. The place was cute, the music was the right level and the drink menu was great.  After a caipirinha (ok, well, it really tasted more like a mojito to me, but, whatever - it packed a punch!) and a nice malbec, I can say I truly enjoyed this place. It was a great space to sit comfortably and have a good conversation.The only downside was that the service was slllloooww -- but it was also very friendly, so that wouldn't stop me from recommending this place to anyone.My only surpise was to see that Switch is a breakfast and lunch joint? That struck me as odd, as I'd much rather come here for some nighttime drinks than for a breakfast. But, to each her own....
4	Staff: Super friendly and attentiveLay out / atmosphere: Cozy, dimly lit, trendy, art, simply comfortableFood: Awesome appetizers I must say, especially the hummus and cheese plate.  I had the chicken pasta, I quickly regretted my decision after everyone else's dish came out.  I'm not a big panini or sandwich girl, but the crepes' looked delicious.  I know what I'm getting next time! Alcohol: My chardonnay was only $3.00 at happy hour.  Not bad, you rarely see wine on the happy hour menu.  The other girls had a Red Sangria, a red wine loaded with fresh fruit (berry's, and apple), it was looking very yummy... ..... It's a very nice lounge/restaurant/bar but I'm not a big fan of the 'sandwich menu'.  I wish it offered a bigger variety of foods, but I am pretty sure anyone can find something on this menu that will satisfy.   And if not, there's always Fez ;)
4	Pretty good.  I've been here a few times.  The mac and cheese is pretty tasty.  I had a puffy pastry thing with mozzarella cheese and proscuitto.  I would not order that again.  I'm particular with my proscuitto and this was not Proscuitto di Parma... it was cheep and salty... which made my whole meal salty....I've tried their mozzarella and tomato sandwich once and that was great... and their Cesar salad is pretty good too.  I like the inside of the restaurant... and they have since lowered the music which is nice.
4	We stopped by Switch the other night after getting raped by the IRS and while we were still feeling quite sad and pathetic.  We wanted something casual, inexpensive, and fast, and that is what we got!  Service was great!  We were one of maybe 3 inside tables and a full patio, and our waitress was fantastic.  She was very attentive and kept our drinks full.We had the wedge fries, a weakness of mine, and they were pretty good.  Not great, but definitely good.They had several vegetarian options, and I chose the Chop salad, which was SO yummy.  So yummy in fact, that I have been trying to duplicate it at home for days now.My husband had the turkey berry sandwich, which I didn't try (no meat for me), but he said it was good.  We would definitely go there again. Try it!
5	All i have to say is the hummus and chicken appitizers are my meal. I go there with my friend and co-worker Angie and thats what we ordered. Would like to have a beer during work hours- but I refrain. Go there.
4	You can definitely tell as soon as you walk up to Switch that it is part of the FEZ-Ticoz family. The decor is bright, modern, and colorful, a style of atmosphere that always makes me feel comnfortable and excited about the food even before I try it. I met Kym S. here for lunch and wasn't feeling so hot the morning after a pretty long night out on the town. Before long (thanks to some great company and satisfying food), I was feeling a lot better!Kym S. ordered the Sangria Chicken sandwich, which came with a side Caesar. It looked great and was massive, but I'll let her comment on how good it was. I was craving something really filling, so I got the Gallette (pronounced Gah-let according to our server) with Beef and Mushrooms ($10.45 plus $1.95 to add a field greens salad), and it was fantastic. I think I was expecting something like a meat pie, which it was not, but I was happy with what it actually was - a thin layer of puff pastry topped with savory beef slices, mushrooms, and a creamy gouda sauce. It REALLY hit the spot. The field greens salad was good, although it was soaked in dressing, which kind of drowned out the flavor of the fresh greens. The service was definitely a highlight of the experience. Our server was very attentive and kept checking back with us. He also brought carafes of water and diet coke over, which is a brilliant business move on my part. It streamlines and facilitates service because people aren't constantly asking for refills, and both the servers and customers end up happier. The Diet Coke I ordered was a bit on the pricey side (around $2.75), but I was ok with this given the fact that I had a carafe to refill from. This is a really nice spot to meet a friend for lunch, and I will definitely be back. I also think it would make a great place for a casual, low-key happy hour - from their website, it looks like they have drink specials from 4-6:30 (2-4-1 caipirinhas, margaritas, and sangria).
3	I was avoiding writing this Yelp because I love Fez so much and didn't want to diss it's sister. Honestly? The food is not very good. It's all kind of bland and poorly prepared and yucko. But great location, nice atmosphere and friendly staff. PLEASE change your menu so it kicks ass like Fez. Or keep the menu the same, but change the ingredients or prep or recipies. Just for the love of god DO SOMETHING. This could be a great place. It just needs help.
3	Switch is a standard three stars. I love love love Fez and don't want to diss the sista...BUT the food here is pretty bland. They could definitely update their menu, at first it seems decent, then you realize the items are the same, just prepared in different ways.. Each time I have been here the staff has been inattentive at best. The hummus did not even come close to the deliciousness Fez serves up. The french dip was just ok (and came out cold). The gallette I tried was like a turkey pot pie,  decent but nothing to rave about.  Maybe it is not fair to compare to Fez, maybe I had too high of expectations...They do serve delicious Sangria, and they have a great happy hour 2-4-1 caipirinhas and sangria (so rare to have sangria on happy hour these days). I will give Switch another chance, maybe I just came on a few off nights..
4	I am puzzled by the number of poor reviews for Switch, i just had a great meal.  The ambiance was pleasant and my service was attentive and friendly - thank you Anthony.  Given that I am a big fan of both Ticoz and Fez perhaps this place just works for me like the other two do.I was starving and ordered their classic cheese burger and then got double meat (it's America, why not and it's only another 5 hours on the elliptical).The burger was done medium as I asked, the rest of the plate looked good, the condiments were fresh - all in all a great lunch.  I will go back for certain and I like the fact that it is a different but related menu to the other two siblings - mostly - I was thrilled to see the Guaccummus from Ticoz.
3	Switch is located in Downtown Phoenix, at Central and Virginia, 2 doors down from the Legendary Durant's. Switch is owned by the group who started Fez (further North on Central). The restaurant is decorated in very soothing blue and purple tones, and the seating is comfortablee, even though you are at a busy downtown eatery comprised of local residents and business people. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served, with fun happy hour and small plate specials throughout the week. I eat lunch here at least once a week, and the pannini's are great, especially being paired with a small cesear salad ILO french fries. BUT, if you love Potato Wedges, you MUST order the Wedges instead of the salad. They are cooked to perfection, and with the aoli they come with, its definitely worth indulging. Overall, its a nice restaurant for casual american food, with a classy flair and creativity.
4	I work VERY close to Switch so come here often when employees are in town or just going out to have lunch with boss, etc.  I've never had a bad experience here - I don't find the wait staff to be overly nice but not rude either. They ask me what I want, i tell them and i get it!Unlike several other reviews I find their menu to be good - it is an American restaurant afterall so naturally they serve sandwiches, salads, soups, other similar entrees.  I also don't agree that their food is bland - and I'm the type of person to go out on a limb to try new things and I like bold foods.  I really like the hummus app here, however I never have tried it at Fez so might need to get over there soon.  At different times I've had sandwiches, salads and most recently the gallette.  So far all have been good.  The gallette is a flaky pastry filled with some sort of meat, cheese and veggie. As expected it was a little oily but very good too. Came with asparagus cooked just how I like it.  I really don't have any complaints about the place.Perhaps it's because it is the closest restaurant to our workplace so feel loyal, or maybe because I only come here over the lunch hour and b/c it is lunch hour don't expect much? Whatever the case, I enjoy Switch.
4	I'm continuing with my downtown streak of reviews... I finally made it to Switch!  This review is for my experience at lunchtime... and let me warn you, it gets busy during the weekday lunch hours, so go early or go late, but arrive at noon, and more than likely you will have to wait.  However, the community table is an option if you go solo or with a small group.Another warning - the parking situation at noon - I think I lucked out and got the last spot in the lot; I happened to see a truck leaving when I came in, but there didn't seem to be any other open spots.  I noticed that Durant's next door offered 'humble valet parking' (interesting signage), but not sure if you are dining at Switch where you would park in this scenario.I walked in through the back, and I liked the atmosphere and vibe immediately.  I was told there was a 20 minute wait for my party of 3, so I found myself a seat and did some work while I waited.  Pretty sure they have WiFi although I was using my Verizon card.  Great people watching was distracting me too; enough so that I missed when the rest of my party walked in!  Anyways, I caught up with them and enjoyed a great lunch...Service was right on, and it was an overall delightful dining experience.  I had the 'Super Chop' salad - it had a little bit of everything in it (artichokes, olives, tomatoes, cucumbers, corn, sunflower seeds, sun-dried tomatoes, spinach & field greens) - and I added turkey for a small extra charge... it was a huge serving and the perfect healthy lunch!  (Note to self and to anyone else that may be interested in adding protein to your salad in the future - go with something other than the turkey... I hate to sound picky, but it wasn't amazing).  Anyways, my two new friends (Kate and Angie) are regulars at Switch, so they ordered the hummus and lamb apps and shared - good idea!  I tried the hummus and it was tasty - I like how they served it with pita and sides of artichokes and peppers.  It was a tad different than the hummus at Fez, or at least that is what we all decided.We were all very satisfied and too full for dessert... I guess I'll have to come back to try that another time.  Dessert and a bunch of other menu items that sounded good.  I also noticed that Switch serves breakfast all day on Saturday and Sundays, and does catering - good to know!
3	It's trendy, they've got hummus and it's walking distance from work. My coworkers love this place.But -- the prices aren't the greatest and to be honest, I can get just as good food next door at Schlotsky's. But if we need someplace to impress people, we can bring them here [unless of course we REALLY want to impress them, then we take them to Durant's, just two doors down!]but the guys are nice, they do have good service.
4	All I can say is "Ditch the sandwich and head out to Switch"!I visited Switch for the first time on 08/23/2008. I am very pleased to see this type of establishment be part of the growing downtown/revitalization trend that is underway in Phoenix, Arizona. When I got there they had just opened their doors for that days business  so I cannot say that getting a parking place was difficult. I could see it being difficult  during peak hours though because they do share parking lots with another popular Phoenix restauraunt .In fact, within the first 30 minutes of our being seated the place started getting a good crowd for brunch. We were greeted, seated and waited on by the same person. (which I  prefer) There is nothing more distracting than having a greeter, a seater, a waiter a water boy and server just to serve you simple fare. Our server, Jen, is an absolute gem! From start to finish she was attentive, friendly extremely personable and has one of those million dollar smiles to go with it all. If you can get one of her tables, by all means do! Jen is also employed by Switch's sister restaurant Ticoz.  Another review for another time. My friend and I shared an appetizer of hummus that was garnished with roasted red peppers and sliced artichoke heart. It was excellent. In fact, if you are not one to have ever had hummus, I suggest you try theirs. You will be a hummus eater from there on out. We each ordered sandwiches that were served with a delicious side Ceasar salad sans croutons and with a very rich, creamy garlicky Ceasar dressing. Yum! The sandwich I had was the Jalisco Chipotle Chicken sandwich and my friend had the Big BLT. That sandwich is appropriately named. It has 10 slices of bacon on it! Both sandwiches were delicious and through the whole meal I kept wondering why I never made it out to this place. Originally I saw some not so nice comments regarding the ambience and the food as well as some of the drink prices. However, I've come to the conclusion that some of the previous negatives from other reviewers are just from "uppity uptight no good bogus old queens" who have nothing better to do than gripe. This place is excellent, as is the food. Prices are reasonable and I would gladly pay the same price for half the food.The ambiance is trendy but not pretentious or overdone. It would fit well into the likes of many of the east coast places I've been to. So if you are in a rut as to what to try for your next meal out I would definitely make the "Switch" and come here.
3	After talking to Thomas (of FEZ fame) we decided to give ole Switch another shot (and because the owner is super cool).  This time it was much better.  I had a hamburger and it was VERY good.  Awesome bun and greeeesy (just the way it should be!).  They now are bumped to a 3 star, and I hope they bring back weekend breakfast hours ... we need a good place for a hangover cure in CenPho!
3	Another good lunch spot. Cute, trendy, good music, good lunch food. My sandwich COULD have been a tad better (the Caprese... it could have used a little kick somewhere) but my other choices have been good. I really like the Spartan Pita, my side salads and fruit have always been fresh. Perhaps I will try a salad from the menu next time. The service has always been good. I rather enjoy this spot for a quick lunch date with friends.
5	I finally tried Switch for lunch today (after frequenting Fez forever - it was hard to tear myself away!).  WOW WOW WOW!  I am so excited to have a new menu full of fun, flavorful meals to try!  I had the Apricot BBQ chicken sandwich; my friend tried it and almost took it away from me!  Great prices, excellent selection and fun atmosphere.  Tables are a little close together but other than that I can't wait to go back!
4	Finally, a place from the FEZ/Ticoz guys that I like!  I was so disappointed with both the other places that I wouldn't have even thought to try Switch until I was forced by friends who were all meeting there.  What a surprise!  Great atmosphere and great food.  I was shocked!  I'll definitely be back...and bring more friends.  Not only is it good, but it's centrally located to downtown where so many of us are living now.  Good job guys...maybe I'll even give FEZ or Ticoz another try based on my experience here.
4	Maybe the management is trying to conserve their carbon footprint  - it sure was dark in there.Ahhh - but I'm burying the lead.  I'm a fan.  Good food that combines interesting flavors - like their Apricot BBQ Chicken Sandwich.  I usually order the same thing -- a shaved chicken pita sandwich (with feta, olives).  I've also tried the Crepes and they were yummy - but I feel like the sauce could have been richer, thicker and tastier.  But don't let that deter you -- it was still great.The service was good, but I thought the space was a little crammed (...if you read any of my other reviews - I don't like to feel crowded ).   I'm giving the stars to different menu options.Support your local, stand-alone, restaurants in Central Phoenix!
3	Good food, great drinks, lovely servers, Not happy with the change on the chees plate none the less  Love it there Relaxed enjoyable fun
5	SWITCH, WILL YOU MARRY ME?As far as casual American cuisine this is the good stuff! The Sangria Chicken salad was like a party in my mouth, and yes EVERYONE was invited. The service was good as the wait staff was very attentive. I'll be back within the week. This boy is in love!
3	This is a nice addition to the Midtown dining scene. The food has always been consistently tasty and a little higher quality than most places in the neighborhood. It has a very clean, trendy feel and good drinks. Their bloody marys rock, and are very strong. Usually I have one and I'm primed. I love their BLT, and the buffalo chicken sandwich. Their breakfasts are great as well, especially the eggs benedict. The patio is well, kind of like eating in an alley. Probably the only poor spot about the restaurant. It's funny that it goes in line with their other restaurants as neither Ticoz or Fez have good patios either. Service is always prompt and courteous and they always invite me back. It's a nice little touch to tell someone that you want their business again. Too often places just want to get you in and out and close the check. Thanks for being in the neighborhood guys!
4	After months of begging I finally granted my girlfriend her wish to check this place out.Since we were on a time constraint lunch I decided to order the Recession Special Plate; this is a Ham and Swiss on a baguette that comes with a side salad for less than $6.  The only gripe that i have is that the bread was stale and almost impossible to chew. Not sure if its part of the "Recession Experience"  but I guess you get what you pay for . . .Other than that the decor, atmosphere and specially the service was impeccable.
4	So, hubby and I decided to make the most of our $5 coupon received @ the Yelp birthday party, and we hit up Switch a few nights ago.I did the ordering, and I'd say I did a pretty great job:We started with the jumbo shrimp cocktail(the cockatail sauce included shredded carrots and finely diced celery, so it tasted wonderful on its own, as well), which came with a small salad drizzled in some sort of citrus-y vinaigrette(couldn't stop eating it, myself :)I ordered a Greek side salad for him(cucumber, tomato, and onion chunks covered in creamy minty yogurt and some of the richest feta I've ever had)...I ended up stealing most of it LOL...for my meal, I ordered the Sangria salad: greens, grapes, green apples, and juicy strawberries with toasted almond slivers and that same creamy crumbled feta, all of which was marvelously paired with a sangria-based vinaigrette...and I ordered the Blueberry Duck for him...not quite as much meat as I'd expected, but the blueberry-port reduction was TO DIE FOR, and mixed beautifully with the potato puree(tasted kind of like a light gravy)...the sauces made the already-tender meat almost melt in my mouth!with my meal, I had the Vanilla-Peach Italian soda over vodka(the vanilla was far too strong, it tasted as if there was Tuaca in there, or some similar syrupy liqueur, but I quite enjoyed the whole peach in the bottom of the glass :)on to dessert: he had the chocolate layer cake(very, very rich and decadent frosting), and I ordered the strawberry creme brulee--absolutely mouthwatering! the crust of the brulee was so smoky and sweet, and it paired perfectly with the light, fresh strawberries and the lighter-than-air creme...it was heavenly with a glass of the Juno chardonnay(wonderful honey undertones)all in all, I'd definitely return to Switch...and this time I'd order the Blueberry Duck for MYSELF :)
4	I love this place for breakfast. With just a few menu choices, it's tough to go wrong. My personal fave, the Switch Benedict is a tasty combo of potatoes and eggs benedict is a scrumptious white hollandaise sauce. It may not be good for you, but it's great for your tastebuds.Sadly, I've never seen this place busy, but seeing as how I've only been there on weekends, I'm not too surprised. I expect the light rail to help out a bit with this, as it really is a great place.If you like Fez or Ticoz, be sure to hit Switch up.
4	I really wanted to like Switch.  Fez is my favorite place in Midtown so I had high hopes for Switch.  The place looks great inside.  Blue and brown make for a wonderful color combination.  The seating is nice and is really inviting for large groups.The food, for the most part, is quite good.  Tasty items like the mac & cheese stand out on the menu but provide a traditional contrast to the gallettes - all of which are excellent.UPDATE:So after a very long hiatus from Switch, we decided to give it another shot.  It has been almost a year since back to back bad service experiences soured me on Switch and I had been assured that the situation had been fixed.  While it wasn't crowded, there was a decent number of people on an early First Fridays night.  Our waitress was quick and very helpful.  The bar was a bit slow churning out sangrias and drunken Italian Sodas but the drinks were good once they arrived.  The food, as always, was quite good.  The menu has changed a great deal since we were there last.  Loving everything about the burgers at FEZ, I had to try the Cowboy Burger at Switch and boy was it good.  I'm a bit annoyed at paying almost $2.00 extra for fries that were not sweet potato or covered in cinnamon & sugar.  The burger was cooked to order and was literally covered in bacon.  Quite good.Switch has definitely changed since the last time I was there and that is great to see.  It would be nice if the dining room was better lit (it seems dark when combined with the dark furniture) and it would be very nice if I didn't have to walk a cancer-death-march to get inside from the parking lot.  I guess I could walk around to the front but I understand people want to smoke for whatever reason.
4	the frist experiance here with my dusty was the best hangover cure for me.. blue moon (yay! happy hour) and their caesar salad, their mozzarella and tomato sandwich and yummy fries. the service was great too, the girl was actually sweetly nice unexpected coming from a hip lookin place like this, it was great. she even made a new salad for me to take home after she accidently threw my salad away when clearing the table.. hah! no biggie. the seats were comfy too yay for pillows!will be back here soon.
3	I love Fez and Ticoz, so as with everyone else's expectations, mine were high for Switch.  I've been for lunch and dinner.  For dinner, we had the absolute nicest server - I think he was the bartender.  He recommended a great wine and was just overly accommodating.  I've had a pannini, it was so-so.  However, the caesar salads are simple and fabulous.  Wedge fries are great too.  Hummus is good as well.  I've also tried the burgers, and they just didn't compete with the one's I've had at Fez.  The atmosphere is great.  I like the patio.  I don't know, there is just something about the food at Switch that just doesn't measure up to it's siblings.  I'd rather eat any day at Fez or Ticoz over Switch.  Oh, and the last time I was there (today for lunch) someone burned something in the kitchen and it stunk up the whole place.  It really solidified my thoughts ---  the reason this place doesn't get the accolades  I really want to give it is simply because of the boys in the kitchen.
5	I love Switch!  The one thing I don't get is how Switch can be soooo good, but Fez & Ticoz are so not good when they are owned by the same people?  I don't understand how they get it so right at Switch, but yet so wrong at the other two places.  Switch has a great vibe and great food.  It's become my favorite place in PHX!
4	We took the train from Mill to downtown Monday night, and heard that Switch does half-priced sangria, sooo, had to check that out. Pretty cute place.The sangria was indeed special, and on special. We also got the hummus plate, which was really good, and I wish it came with more roasted red peppers, they were addicting! Yum. A couple little weird things though, the host stand is at the back, or middle if you consider the patio, which I guess makes sense for them, but was kinda confusing for a first timer and there was nobody manning the stand there which didn't help. We also had a total of three servers, maybe we should consider that special treatment :) But I'll be back, gotta try the brunch still!
5	Went to Switch for the first time for brunch this past Sunday with the husband and a few friends. Upon entering Switch I loved the decor and set up. I totally felt comfortable and enjoyed the whole atmosphere. They played a lot of upbeat dance music and only wished they had a dancefloor. The service was spot on and friendly. I couldn't have asked for better service. I did feel bad for our server as one of my friends is totally picky about what she eats and how her food is prepared. It took her forever to figure out something she could actually eat. My friend is also one of the worst tippers of all time. I don't know how much she threw in for tip, but it better have been one hell of a good tip considering our server must have been driven mad because of her. On to the food and drink. I LOVE that you can get $1 mimosas, cape cods, screwdrivers and bloody marys. Talk about gettin' trashed before noon. I could have stayed until 3pm when their $1 drink special ends. They don't skimp on the booze either. These drinks got me tipsy.I had a hard time deciding what to order. Everything sounded so good. I decided on the egg stuffed crepes. The egg stuffed crepes had scrambled eggs, cheese, prosciutto and mushroom sauce. It also came with a side of potatoes. I very much recommend the egg stuffed crepes. My husband ordered the breakfast gallette which is a puff pastry with eggs, sausage, cheeses, tomatoes and onions. After one bite this is another meal I would recommened.I will definitley return to Switch for breakfast and would like to try out lunch and/or dinner.I can only hope we didn't put out the server too much with the way my friend orders and tips. I think his name was Anthony and he was totally awesome and I hope we didn't put him out too much.
4	i like Switch, the long European style bar is great for a large group of friends or making new friends. the food is pretty good. happy hour is awesome with the 2 for 1 Sangrias and glasses of wine.plus they make a really good Caipirinha. which i believe to be a better version of the Mojito.atmosphere is cute and friendly. inviting. staff is usually attentive. only had one bad experiance..but i just notch it up to how busy it was. no foul. i will keep coming back.
3	Cool atmosphere, but the food is pretty weak.  I ordered a ceasar salad with salmon.  For some reason the salad came out as a plate of romaine lettuce with a side of  'ceasar' dressing (and I didn't ask for dressing on the side).  The romaine was not cut into pieces that were small enough to eat and I'm not sure why they shy away from actually dressing the lettuce with the ceasar dressing.  Given that the dressing was somewhat thick, it was hard to really dress the lettuce leaves (I would have needed a large bowl to toss everything in).  Also, the salmon was overly salty.
2	Switch lured me in for breakfast last Saturday boasting of $1 mimosas. She forgot to mention they were made with bad OJ (or was it Sunny D?). She also left out the breakfast burrito I was ordering was pretty much inedible.  I got the ham, egg and cheese burrito and it was not blended. So you either got an egg bite or a ham bite. I hate that. I'm sorry Switch but I won't be coming back (unless of course you have $1 Sangria..)
4	Lame joke alert :Okay, I think I have switched over to Switch , I am finally making a switch to Switch  whew almost over , after you try Switch you'll never switch.  And done.Thanks for letting me get that out of my system.Lunch today was delightful. Mom and I were downtown playing around and we tried Switch for something new.  Glad we did.  Our server Matthew was helpful, courteous and efficient. He really made the good food stand out .  For being at the peak of lunchtime it was nice to see the restaurant wasn't packed but they were well prepared for the lunchtime crowd.Food was served fast without feeling rushed. Drinks were filled promptly without hovering.We had the Beef Galletta , a puff pastry with mushrooms, tender beef, brie , onions and a light sauce. Great size not too much but definitely filling.  Mom had chicken chop salad that looked fresh and tasty.  She really enjoyed it.   I look forward  to coming back and trying other items here.
4	4 stars for the grilled cheese alone. MMMMM, smoked gouda.Never had anything else, nor am I going to venture away from eating anything but the grilled cheese. Nothing really appeals to me, anyway. But I come here a lot because the grilled cheese is just that goooooooooood.Did I mention the grilled cheese?
5	I think everyone has said most everything that needs to be said about this place. But I'll highlight the reasons I frequent Switch...free wi-figood drinks$5 recession plate special - that is always as awesome as the rest of their menugood happy hour specialsopen til 11pm 7 days a weekgood wine great/friendly wait stafftheir salads are out of control - amazing.i think i could happily support/invest in switch/fez/ticoz dynasty for all of eternity...if i had the means.
3	I must say that I am very impressed by the ownership.  Within 12hrs I received a response to my review from Tom.  This tells me that the owners are serious about getting things right and genuinely interested in their customer's feedback.
5	Update: The gayest restaurant in Midtown just became my favorite restaurant in Midtown. I would say by now I've had maybe 10 meals here and every single visit has been exceptional from the quality and flavors of their food to the service, to the drinks. Brunch is tremendous, and you can't be the $5 recession buster plate that I half expected to be a tiny meal, and then could barely finish it. This is an awesome place.
2	Mediocre... that's the best I can give this place. Maybe I'm jaded, maybe my expectation levels are too high, maybe I give accurate reviews that are not influenced... who knows. I have been coming to Switch since the day they opened the new dining room and were serving 1/2 priced entrees (due no liquor licence). In my opinion, they never progressed or evolved. I never suggest this place when going out, but for some reason, my friends who live in the 'hood like the food here. What disappoints me is the fact that we walk right past Durant's to get here... my heart drops every time, knowing that I could be in Durant's enjoying a really great meal. Here at Switch...I personally... love..love...LOVE  the Italian Sodas (Drunken sodas) .. tall, frosty fruit flavored vodka drinks, that are made like and taste like an Italian soda.. AWESOME! ( Even better during happy hour for half the price). Aside from the sodas... I can honestly say that I've only had one excellent meal here... and that was many years ago and they have since taken the item off the menu. (Sliced grilled fillet in a yummy cream based sauce).. everything else on the menu is pretty ordinary and not worth ordering again. I've eaten most everything on the menu in search of SOMETHING that I would really enjoy and would order more that once... I have yet to find it.. the only items that I will order is the bruschetta Duet, Hummus and the cheese and fruit plate. All of them are fresh, tasty and of generous size. Someday..... soon I hope..... I want to find something soooo yummy on the menu, that  it will be me that suggests Switch as my choice for dinner... until then, I will continue to search...
4	I admit, I didn't intend to go to Switch.  I was rolling up on Durant's for a bite of Saturday lunch when I remembered that Durant's doesn't *have* Saturday lunch.  Very sad.  But Switch was right there and oh so conveniently open.I was pleasantly surprised.  It wasn't what I expected at all.  The drink I had was delicious, the food tasty and filling, the portions were large without being grotesque and the atmosphere was really warm and welcoming for having a modern look.  Best of all, I could actually sit across from my partner and have a conversation without having to shout over the low roar of the patrons.I've gone back many times since and have not been disappointed.
4	So I'm not in love, but I'm definitely in HUGE like!  One of my friends wanted to try a new place for her bday lunch and she picked switch.  I wasn't too convinced but it was very good.  I knew it had to be part of the Fez/Ticoz family (which I consider myself a niece of because i can't get enough!).  My only complaint is that there weren't enough salad choices.... maybe I was unhappy with the selections overall but I had the sangria salad.  It was very good, but not enough fruit and enough lettuce to make 3 salads.Overall very good.... I'll be back soon!
5	Last Friday I was looking for a Happy hour, and came across Switch. I was very please with the look and feel, the drinks were very good (Cheap, and not weak) :D. The other two people that joined me felt the same way.I will definitely be back there soon!!!
1	Wow... and I mean wow in a bad way. Stopped in this week and I must say I don't think I would even think of coming back. I really don't want to spend too much time reviewing food that's better executed at Jack in the Box so let me just tell you it was pretty bad. Some hot dishes came out cold and cold dishes came out luke warm WTF. The drinks were over priced and the place was cheaply put together and I mean in a failed attempt to lure people in with a $100 design budget, Target furniture and terrible design taste kind of way. I love to eat and I wouldn't have minded if my server/manager wasn't so rude and arrogant or the food was way better. It's probably a former deli turned restaurant that someone thought "Hey let's put blue light bulbs in, play techno, serve martini's and all the gay men in town will love it.(insulting)"???? My brother (which is gay) was with me that day he lives part time in San Fran and that was his feed back on this, which my girlfriend shared the same opinion on this since we have many friends in the gay community. I think I have said enough or maybe to much but I know that I don't want to say any more...
4	Stumbled upon Switch for lunch last week and what a pleasant stumble it was! The atmosphere felt reminiscent of FEZ also located in central Phoenix and also one of my fave dives. I asked someone and sure enough, it was. So I knew I was going to have a fantastic lunch. The 3 of us arrived in the heat of lunch hour but were seated quickly....a mere 5 minutes. Our server arrived promptly and took our drink orders. The Sangria was calling my name but I decided to behave and order iced tea instead. Two of us ordered iced tea and my server was insightful enough to bring a carafe.  Cool points for this. I hate waiting for refills! The problem with a menu in which everything sounds good, you can't decide on anything! And I couldn't decide! So with desperation in my eyes, I asked my server for a suggestion. He recommended the APRICOT BBQ CHICKEN SANDWICH w/ warm sliced chicken, shredded spinach, cilantro and red onion on warm ciabatta bread. OMG! This sandwich was so flippin' good! You know....it tasted like a bbq chicken pizza ....but as a sandwich. There! That's the best description. Biting in is wonderfully messy though...ask for extra napkins. My colleagues ordered the CLASSIC HAMBURGER and the COUNTRY CLUB TURKEY PANINI. Both delicious. But my sandwich took home the prize by far! Lunch hour ran like a well oiled machine. No super long waits for seating, service or food. Things you appreciate when short on time. HAPPY HOUR 7 DAYS A WEEK 4:00-6:30pHALF OFF MARGARITA SUNRISE, BLONDE OR RED SANGRIA, CAIPIRINHA (Ky-per-ee-nah)$3 HOUSE WINE & BEER 6:30-Midnight DailyBon Appetite!
4	Switch... I really miss you.  My four stars are based completely on your food.  If I were to factor in the horrendous service I experienced the last three or four times I was there, there would maybe be one star left.Being huge fans of FEZ, my husband and I made sure to try Switch.  We went many many times, bringing different people with us every time.  We were proud to call Switch our new hangout.  The Turkey Mac and Cheese was pure heaven, and we ordered it nearly every time.  The sandwiches are always delicious and many of them creative.  The galettes are amazingly delicious with all their flaky yumminess.  There was something new and yummy to try every time we went.Then we brought my family.  The restaurant was about 2/3 full as it was a Friday night.  Our party of 5 sat at the long high top towards the kitchen.  After being completely ignored for a good 10 minutes, a highly irritable waitress rudely took our order... for drinks only.  She ran off before we could order dinner.  Another long 10 minutes or so, she brought back our drinks and impatiently took our order.  Allowing what seemed to be an eternity to pass, we got tired of being nice and asked someone why we had not been served our food after another 40 minutes or so.  Unacceptable at a restaurant.  The waitress never came back to ask if we wanted anything else or if everything was good or not.  She was entirely too busy flirting with the bartender to pay any attention to us.  We debated dining and dashing, but not really because my parents were with us, and that would be bad...  We paid our bill, and left a tip that sent a message.I'm sure things have changed since then, it's been a really really long time.  That awful waitress has most likely left, and I am sure most of the early problems have all been hashed out.  Switch, I miss you.  Maybe I can convince the husband to let me see you again.
5	We finally came back to Switch and I am sooooo glad we did.  This time we got a fantastic server, Maria, and she definitely knows how to do her job well.  She was attentive and friendly and didn't linger around or avoid us.  I had the mac and cheese of course, which is fantastic, and we ordered the lobster crab puffs as an app.  That stuff is phenomenal!  I really liked it.  It's not very often that you get actual chunks of crab or lobster meat when you order something like this at other restaurants, it's usually unidentifiable mush. I'm glad I can put Switch back up to the 5 star that I have always wanted to give them.  One more experience like the last and I will most certainly resume my near constant appearance at this lovely restaurant.
2	Went to Switch as part of the lightrail pub crawl.Not impressed.I may go back to experience it as a restaurant, but as a bar it's nothing I'd revisit.
3	Went to Switch last week for Happy Hour. We were hoping to get some nibblies to go with the drinks and introduce us to the Switch menu, but $9 for hummus? Are you serious?We had a few caipirinhas, which were excellent. Lots of flavor, and fairly strong. Our server was nice, but uninterested when it became obvious that we weren't going to spend a fortune. The host was a little bit on the rude side, and seated us on a white couch with stained cushions. Stained cushions do little for my appetite.We might come back and try it again for lunch or dinner, but with so many other places to try...
3	Switch is a paradox writ restaurant-size.  Overpriced food, under-priced drinks!  What's a hungry drunk to do?The sangria at Switch is phenomenal!  Both the red and white are delicious, and include yummy fruit floating within.  I'm not well versed in the content of strictly traditional sangria, but I know what I like, and I like this stuff.  It's not too pricey during regular hours, and is perfect for a drink after work during the 2-4-1 happy hour.  The Italian booze sodas are also good!  Something I'd always thought restaurants/bars should have.On Sundays, mimosas, cape cods (cran + vodka), screwdrivers, and bloody marys are all just a buck!  The orange juice in the mimosa is hardly fresh-squeezed, but who cares?  It's a dollar, and tastes good!  If a little sweet.  The bloody mary was also average - but, again, a dollar!  Who can complain?The food at brunch was good, but I don't think it really warranted the price tag.  In particular, the potatoes tasted like they came out of a freezer - bland and unseasoned, and a little dry-textured.  That was a huge disappointment, as their fries are delicious!Overall, don't come with high expectations for the food, and definitely hit the happy hour, and you should be pleased with the results in your belly and on your paycheck.
4	The sign out front is kinda ghetto, so you'd never know what a cool little patio Switch has. We stopped in for a quick drink or three and it was just what the doctor ordered.We found a cozy little spot on the elongated patio and enjoyed some boozey flavored Italian sodas.  They seemed to have decent specials throughout the week and this was ours for a Sunday night.It was quick drink occasion so I don't have in depth thoughts, other than it seems to be a nice spot for some booze and conversation without breaking the bank - and those are places I could find myself a regular at.
3	Switch has some pricier menu items, but is pretty good happy hour/ brunch location.   Spacious patio in back, friendly servers, etc. .  Best things about this place: Froofroo drinks, Fruit, Fries, and Free Internet.    Froofroodrinks:  Refreshing and cheap.  The Sangria and mojito- vodka cocktail that I cant remember the name of right now, are great.  They are 1/2 price druring happy hour, which I believe is before 6:30 pm....then beer is half priced.   Brunch on weekends -- $1 cocktails.  nice. Fruit:  Fresh fruit can be found in every section of the menu; sangria chicken sandwiches and salads (with grapes and feta) ... Berry Turkey Sandwiches..etc...  The drinks come with oranges and strawberries and grapes.  they should start infusing the fruit with liqour.  that would be even better.Fries:  Switch has amazing fries.  Plump, seasoned and oven roasted potato wedges are a steal at 3 bucks.  They go great at the froofroo happy hour.Free Internet: Also great for the froofroo drinks happy hour.Sunday BrunchI recently went to the brunch with my manfriend, mostly for the amazing drink specials.   $1 screwdrivers, bloodymarys and mimosas, oh my.  It lasts till 3pm, which is also a huge plus.  The brunch menu isn't too exciting, and, likethe rest of the menu, pricier than it should be.  Also, the proatoes tasted like they had been cooked 3 days prior.  Overall, Switch is a great place to split food with someone and spend the rest on drinks.  Especially if it is 2:00 on a Sunday.
4	I come here on Sundays for $1 drinks. The breakfast menu is okay but the portions are kind of small and not very filling. I started to order off the main menu and I am glad I did because the food here rocks. There is something for everybody here ranging from affordable sandwiches, panini's, and crepes to expensive entree's for those with more expensive taste.
5	Coming to Switch for lunch was quite a surprise as I didn't expect the trendy interior and it almost had a downtown San Diego kind of feel to it.  I can't comment on the pricey dinner entrees that I saw on the menu but their sandwiches were delicious.  I ran through the list and looked for whatever looked the most unique and I settled upon the apricot BBQ chicken sandwich.  What comes in that sandwich?  Apricot BBQ sauce, cilantro, feta cheese, aioli, spinach, red onion, and all of them on warm fresh ciabata bread.  And all that is served with some cesar salad.  You can't go wrong at all!!!!!!!But running through their sandwich menu, it didn't seem like you could go wrong with many of the options. Switch it up and come here for a try.
5	I am in love with Switch. I have only been there a few times but each time the food has been delicious. I like the laid back atmosphere and the service has always been great too. the have a huge menu, lots of options for salads, sandwiches and more. Large drink menu as well.Recommended - the burgers, the chicken sandwich, the hummus, the mac and cheese and the sangria.
4	I am in love with Switch!  I am a big fan of the french dip, and their brunch!  Weekend brunch has $1 drinks! I am not that crazy about their side salad that comes with their sandwiches, but they have many other tasty options!  Their recession special is usually pretty good as well, and they have some pretty good wines, for a great price!
5	We happened upon this great place while in town. Unfortunately, we were in Phoenix due to family illness and it's proximity to St. Joseph's Hospital. There isn't much in the area to choose from but that's not why it got high marks. The staff was perfect, kind and accommodating. Service was A+. The food was really outstanding. We ate there three days in a row. Yep. Every dish was a winner. Put it on your list, they got it going on!
3	It's hard to beat $1 mimosas and screwdrivers on a Saturday or Sunday morning. That being said, Switch is one of my good friends. It's really airy and open, and just like Fez, the house music is blasting at 10 a.m. Their food is decent (I prefer Fez), but this is a nice spot to relive last night in the last fleeting moments of the weekend. If I went out with you last night, you can pretty much count on meeting up with me for more drinks at Switch.
1	I will never give this restaurant another dime as long as i live. I have spent countless hours and dollars here as well as refered many family members and friends here. The food is great, but the recent visits have been inexcusable. Friday night the place was semi busy but had 3-5 empty tables and about 8 open seats at the bar. We asked for a table and were told it was a 45 minute wait so we opted to sit at the bar, but were told there was a wait there as well. I told the hostess there were empty seats all over and asked if we should go somewhere else. She told me very annoyed that we could sit at the bar. Through out whole meal nobody else sat at the bar. I wonder who was waiting. Today i just returned for sunday brunch and was told there is a wait for a table, again plenty of seats open. So i said can i sit at the bar? She replied she was trying to keep those seats open "incase a large party comes in." i asked ok where can i sit prior to being told "just wait for a table." again i askes should i just go spend my money somewhere else? She then fumbled and said let me see what i can do. What can she do im thinking? What the hell there are open seats everywhere and nobody waiting and one of your best regulars wants ONE seat. Needless to say I walked right out.In an economy where places are shutting down and losing their lease, id think you would hire nice and intelligent people. There are lots of over qualified people who need any job they can get. I dont know why i would spend my money somewhere where people are rude to me and incompetent. You lose, switch.
3	So, of all of the times that I've compared other restaurants to Switch, I just realized that I've not written a review of them.  Unfortunately for them, this review comes after a string of bad service that was peppered with great service.  To start, I live 3 blocks south of here, so this place is a staple restaurant for us.  If I work late and don't feel like cooking, if my sister drops by (she lives on the other side of Central from me) and we just need a quick bite or if we're craving one of their scrumptious sandwiches that are made with high quality ingredients.  They've also got a great wine selection.  The one thing they lack is consistency (with regards to service).  I brought some clients and a co-worker here a few weeks back for a business lunch.  The service that day was spot-on.  The hostess recognized me from a few nights earlier and promptly greeted and sat us.  Our server was super attentive and the food was Magnificent (yes, with a big M).  A few days later, the pair of us + my sister and nephew stopped in for a meal and asked about the new recession plate.  Now, this server was new, so there was no reason for her to be bitter and jaded when we ordered 3 recession plates, one roll with no butter (for the kid) and 3 high end glasses of wine.  The wine came, the food came (and it was Delicious with a big D) but our server never came back by.  I had to flag her down to get the check, as we all decided that the service didn't rate a second glass of wine or desert.  And for the 1st time in a long time, I only left 15% tip.See how mixed my review was?  Kind of a perplexing situation I am in.  I doubt I'll take anymore clients/co-workers here for a business lunch, but I'm sure I'll end up walking through the doors for another Scrumptious meal.  And if the service sucks, I won't order extras (wine, 2nd or 3rd glass of wine, desert...).
3	Of, first the food and drinks.  Tried the BIG BLT, the aioli (sp) was good and the bacon would have been good if it was evenly cooked. The bread seemed stale and of there was lettuce I could barely tell.  In the end the sandwich comes close to, and I can't believe I am going to say this, too much bacon. Upon the server's recommendation I tried the Mac & Cheese as my side, I am a little tired of Ceaser Salads as a side, and I was not impressed. The sauce was not very cheesey and it was runny in a bad way. Also, I am sorry but if you are going to call it MAC & cheese then use Macaroni dammit! I am getting a little tired of people saying mac & cheese and getting Pennoni & Cheese or Linguine & Cheese. The drinks were ok, except don't drop my garnish in the drink! I want a Bacardi & Coke not a Cuba Libre (there is a difference) keep the damn lime out of my drink. If I want it I will take it off the rim of the class and put it in myself!I was there early in the afternoon on Friday and there was one other table. For being so empty it did take a while for my server to come over. She was nice enough by kind of inattentive. Overall I was give the service a 3.5 out of 5. It was the food that killed it.Ok I am going to go cry about there being such a phrase. "Too much bacon" my god what a horrible phrase.UPDATE: So, I decided to go back and give Switch another try under the exact same circumstances after an invitation from someone over there to come back. I tried everything I had before again and there were some changes. The bread was not stale anymore and there was enough Aioli this time to taste. The lettuce was still limited but I will say I didn't feel like I had too much bacon this time. (THANK GOD!)Also the drink arrived with the lime on the rim. Thank you!While I need to try other stuff to increase the rating beyond a 3 I will say that it was improved!
5	I love Ticoz and finally made it into Switch to check it out.  First of all you can't go wrong with the $5 monthly deal.  Then there's the Cowboy Burger!  Yum!  I get mine with no barbecue sauce but you do what you want!   Baked Lobster and Crab Puff Appetizer is divine!    My Mom always love the Sangria Salad...and we're usually all very happy at  the completion of our meal.Food is really fresh, Blueberry Cosmo is terrifically refreshing.....get going!  What is it that you're waiting for? I really like dining at locally owned spots and will continue to enjoy all of the great local eateries.
5	We stopped by Switch last weekend for lunch, we'd previously tried Fez and Ticoz and enjoyed both.  So we had high expectations for Switch, luckily they didn't dissapoint.  I ordered the Murano Chicken and Prosciutto, normally I'm not a huge fan of cold sandwiches, when there's a perfectly good hot alternative,  but I'm willing to make an exception.  The sandwich doesn't look like a threat at first glance, but I must admit I struggled to finish it, I'm also a big fan of Olives and found many of their menu items make good use of this neglected vegetable. The waiter gave us a caraffe which actually worked out really well and never found our drinks going empty. The atmosphere was very eclectic and this seems like it would be a fun night spot too.Hope to come back soon and try a Caiphirina (I probably misspelled that)
5	I have been waiting patiently for the meatloaf to hit the menu after getting to taste it a couple of weeks ago (they were still tweaking the recipe)....finally it made it's debut on Monday and thanks to a text from our boy Matt we wasted no time in getting there....Yes...the meatloaf rocks and is good comfort food at its best. Two thick slabs on top of cheesy creamy potatoes and seasonal baby carrots and asparagus. I think I am in love with the meatloaf (and Matt B.) Nathan you nailed it with this one. By the way... there are other new items on the menu as well but I will probably never make it past the meatloaf.
1	Probably the worst, most over priced food I have ever had!!!!!!! Their Salad was straight out of a bag, the fries were cold and rubbery, the cowboy burger was over cooked, and the bacon was undercooked. How can this place even be in business?? I could have made a better meal with my arms cut off and my eyes gouged out. Save your money and go next door to Durant's.
2	Food not so good.Drinks weak.Prices sky high.Service really sucks.bleh.
1	I had previously been to Switch and had a mediocre experience with their breakfast and cocktails. This past Saturday 3 of my friends and I decided to give it a try before we passed judgement. Three of us order burgers medium rare with salad, the burgers looked as though they were straight from package with grill lines already on them. One of my friends picked up his burger to take a bite out of it and greased poured out of it. The Cesar dressing had to come from a bottle as the salad was definitely bag salad. To add insult to injury our waiter was incompetent at best and had zero personality
4	Gorgeous wait staff, tasty drinks and delicious food.  If you are thinking about going, stop thinking and just go, you will be satisfied!  I personally think their hummus is fantastic!!  They have a good selection of food choices and you can make meals out of the appetizers alone.  I get a great vibe from this place every time I am there.  Switch is on the expensive side so don't go if you are tight on cash.
5	eat the pasta. drink the wine.i wish david still worked there.hahahahahahahhahaha.robert rules.
5	I love Switch. I find their food to be refreshing, Love the recession specials and love the value of their drinks too. I had the Macaroni and Cheese with Lobster and Crab. I loved it a lot! Our server Sarah was great too. I can't wait to eat there again soon.
5	I still love Switch!! I dine here more or less weekly!  It is a great spot to hang out with friends and have a couple glasses of wine at night, or to meet up on the weekend for brunch.  Gabriela is my favorite server there!  She is always very nice, and always on top of things! I always request her when I dine here.
4	Brunch with the G8 would have easily gone sour, after hearing they ran out of Mimosas, but Gabriela & Jason took care of our Large Party. The two of them opened up higher end bottle and made sure the Party's table was taken care of. If you order the BFast Burrito - think of sharing it with your Lover
5	Did I Ever mention how phenomenal $1.00 mimosa's and light fluffy eggs are on a sunday morning, just saying...
5	Came here last night for dinner and had a blast.  The bartender makes a great dirty martini and their sangria is a lighter drink when you aren't looking to get wasted during a casual dinner.  I had the super chop salad and it was delicious!  I loved the sun dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, white beans, sunflower seeds, and it keeps going from there!  The only thing was in the end I wanted less salad and more veggies.My friends had the mac and cheese and the burger.  They devoured theirs in seconds so I can only assume it tasted good.And lastly, their dessert is amazing!  My friend ordered the banana bread pudding and it was huge!  It took all three of us to finish it.Great place!  Definitely coming back for to explore their menu a little more.
4	I really like this place.  The staff is very friendly and it's a nice place to have a bite and a glass of wine.  I prefer it to Fez or Ticoz.
4	Walkable for me from home, or stumble-home-able... I love Switch!   Been about a dozen times. Some of my favorite aspects:- yummy beverages - love the sangria, and other refreshing mixer drinks, like the Drunken Italian Soda - yum.- lots of specials and deals = happy hour!- open for breakfast on weekends and late night too!- I love-love-love some of the entrees and salads, everything is fresh and tasty.Some things I wish could be better (holding out for that 5th star): - it's always dark in there.  i need my readers to read the menu, makes me feel OOOOLD.-  A couple of dishes missed the mark:  the grilled cheese pannini SOUNDS sooo good: cheddar, gouda and jack cheese winds up being an overwhelming big fat clot of cheese, I couldn't choke it all down.-  None of the seating is really super comfy.  It's all FINE, but... hmm, I dunno, just not seats could spend hours in comfort.- Ladies room is very basic; doesn't seem like it was remodeled with old, poorly functioning TP dispenser - one square at a time, ugh.    I dunno but some guys were talking about how fabulous the mens' room was - were they yanking my chain? ? ? \I'll be back and I'll see ya there!
4	Of all the times I've eaten at Switch, I can't believe I haven't written a review yet!  Switch is our Sunday Brunch.  We love the place.  The ambiance is great! We love the paintings on the walls.  We usually get a table next to the window along Central Ave. and it's great to watch the world go by while you dine with those you adore!  For me, that's my lovely wife. I've sampled quite a bit of the menu at Switch.  The Red Sangria is amazing, as are the crepes.  We love the seafood crepes and the Ham and Cheese crepes as well.  I've also had the cowboy burger which is quite good and the French Dip is incredible also.  Lately, we've fallen in love with the fruit and cheese plate.  The fig jam is AMAZING! (edit: I forgot the candied walnuts!  How could I forget the candied walnuts?  You gotta try the candied walnuts!) :-)Whether there are just a couple of you, or a whole group, Switch can accommodate.  The only thing I'd change about Switch would be not to charge extra if you want to "switch" something like fries for the Caesar salad.  But that's just a personal preference.  Good Stuff here!
4	Yelp had a great party there last night. Incredible food and the service was great!!! the place looks nice..lounge area, table, long tall bar... The drinks were strong!!! No slacking there. New art is needed but that's the only thing.
4	switch really impressed me the first time i went there for the yelp elite event. i decided to check it out on my own, and a friend and i came for happy hour one evening because she had a gift certificate here.we sat out on their patio, which is kind of odd, because it's like half tables/half patio lounge-ish, and it's located at the "front" (well technically the back) of the restaurant so everyone has to walk through said patio area (which is rather narrow) to get into the restaurant. so you really don't have a cool view of anything from their patio, besides the people walking in. yawn.anyways, they have these daily, ALL DAY LONG, $1.99 DRINK and FOOD specials. the waitress gave me a card listing them and what they are on certain days. i won't bore you with them all (Call and ask) but on saturday night when we went it was $1.99 COSMOS in 3 flavors and half off specialty drinks and drunk italian sodas because of the 4-6:30 happy hour. what a STEAL!!!!! if you are looking for a place to drink and eat before you start out your crazy evening, switch definitely would be my recommendation.  i got this mojito like drink that was HUGE and refreshingly delicious and only like $3. and 2 cosmos for $4. that's 3 PREMIUM drinks for $7 folks. unbeatable.the food is amazing as well. there is something for everyone on their menu. i went for the mozzarella caprese, because i had tried a sample of it at the yelp event and dreamt about it nearly every night thereafter. it came with a cesar salad on the side, and i just want to say thank you switch for not feeding me fattening greasy fries and filling me up on the crisp, refreshing, deliciousness of a simple cesar salad. the sandwich...mind blowing. even better than i remember it. seriously. the best. mozzarella and tomato sandwich. around. i don't even want to try anything else on the menu ever, because i am so in love with this sandwich. i would have never thought a vegatarian option, let alone something that basic could leave my palette, my stomach, and my mind so completely satisfied.mozzarella caprese, will you marry me? better yet, can i just rest my head in your delicate mozzarella, lettuce, and tomato bed?
5	I really like this place!  I originally came because of it's close proximity to my hotel and the reviews here on Yelp!  Glad I did!  I came in the entrance  off Central and was a little disoriented - guess they aren't used to people coming in that way.  After a minor amount of confusion I was on my way out to the patio.   I tried the $1.99 drink special - a Caipirinha, Very refreshing and large!  I also ordered the Mac n Cheese and had them add the baked lobster and crab.  Oh My God - now I am not a mac n cheese aficionado however this was incredible!  I wasn't able to finish it and asked for a box.  Then they asked if I wanted dessert - even though I really shouldn't have, I ordered the vanilla creme brulle'.  Ding, ding, ding - another winner!  I wish I would have tried this place earlier I would have eaten there more.   I know I am going to be jonesing for their mac n cheese.
5	What a great place -I stopped in for lunch on a Monday and was pleasantly surprised by the food, service and ambiance.  The outdoor patio is a tranquil space on a nice day.  The selection of "big salads" on the menu is great for vegetarians.  I ordered the chopped salad and was very happy.
4	Switch......What do I say about this place?  You're right on the light rail in Phoenix.  You are urban enough to call it a place I think is cool.   The decor fits the area and the crowd likes it as well.I think what makes this place is the Sat and Sun brunch.  Food comes out looking great, taste matches it as well.  Drink specials are affordable to keep what you had going the night before.  Patio seating is nice and intimate during the fair weather months here in Phoenix.  The only downfall I have for this restaurant is the wine list.  Oh you can be more creative and get better wines that have those clever names!
3	Blah. Meh. Whatevs.I wanted to like it. Really, I did. The service was spotty at best, the sangria completely mediocre, and the cheese panini tasty in that vague, reconstituted reheated-in-the-microwave way. The fact that we stood at the hostess station for many minutes, ignored, should have tipped me off at the get-go.I will say, the place was packed... packed!... so perhaps I am in the minority. Switch gets raves from my friends, so perhaps I am the freak. That's OK. You guys can have my seat there, as obviously everyone loves it but me.
3	Switch was pretty good. Nothing negative during my experience but nothing super amazing, either.  Everything was good, the patio was cute, our waiter was nice. Really A-OK! :) but not somewhere i would say "LETS GO TO SWITCH!!!! IM CRAVING IT!" Here are my likes (i have no dislikes)- the specials, can't beat the price. - the mac & cheese- our waiter (dusty)- patio- heaterall in all, i dig it. if someone wanted to go here i'd be up for it. also, i would recommend it as a place to go if you're wanting to eat a bit later since their kitchen is open til midnightish.
1	Went to breakfast here recently with friends and the service was basically incompetent. You have this poor servers you don't seem to give a hoot about proper service and it shows. My server could not even get a basic order right, and there was hair in my food of which the server asked if I would place it on the plate maybe he wanted to analyze it in the kitchen. When my food was brought back a second time it was still not what I requested by now my party was done with there food and I have not yet eaten. The server never apologized a manager came over and with a smile said that he would comp everything ( thanks but I have not yet eaten!!!!) comping the meal was the least you could have done to fix the situation. We will never go back they just seem like they don't give a crap like it's all a joke. Not a customer centric restaurant. They think they are hip and cool here and they look like a bunch of Dutch boys with the caps that they wear. Guys lose the caps your selling newspapers. I went straight to McDonald's placed in order they got it right delivered it hair free and then I paid them. It should always be that easy.....in any case I will take inspiration from their name and "switch" to another place to eat. Do yourself a favor pass on this place and go somewhere else your friends and family will thank you for it. This place should switch from customer no service to customer service if they want to be around in six months. People vote with your feet and when you see this place keep walking.
4	Just want to add that I've gone there for breakfast the past two weekends and everything has been excellent.  The pecan pancakes are the perfect size and are wicked tasty as is the breakfast sandwich.  The service is 1000% better in the morning than the evening and there isn't really a wait which is nice compared to Matts, Ihop, Over Easy, etc...
4	I hold a special place in my heart for Switch, as it was my first experience with downtown(ish) Phoenix.  ( yeah I haven't lived in the valley of the sun for that long) They were new enough to where they didn't have there liquor license yet on my first go around, but I immediately fell for the place and have gone back several times.It has some great things going for it that for me at least, outweigh the negativesThe atmosphere is great, very chill and the low lighting makes it a great place for first dates (everyone looks better in the dark!) The crowd generally ranges from your upper 20's and on. Usually more of a metro crowd but you'll see all types in here, which can make the people watching fun, especially if your seated at one of the couches.The menu has a lot of variety and almost everyone will find something to enjoy. If your with a group of 4 or more, I recommend the fruit/cheese appetizer as it's way to much for 2 people but the selection and presentation is great. Also I know the mac and cheese is pretty highly recommended but it really wasn't my thing, and I generally love comfort food. They have some great wines in their selection and the drinks like the sangria are usually pretty amazing. But like any place, it can be hit or miss depending on the bartender.I like the patio, once again it's great for people watching as anyone who parks in the back has to walk through it to get to the restaurant. But calling it a patio is semi generous, as its actually just a back alley with couches, chairs and heaters thrown in it. Still, there is something endearing about it, especially in the spring/fall.If you go and like it, check out Ticoz and Fez as well, as they are are all owned by the same people and you really can't go wrong with any of them.
5	Just came here for a sendoff brunch with the parents, and I am sad that Switch will no longer be in my city.  Their brunch menu is short, but has a good variety.  I had the crustless quiche, which was a little heavy on the cream sauce, but too good to stop eating.  Their tomato soup was a good addition on a cold day.  I am just sad that it took me this long to come for brunch!
3	this place is all right. I've been here only once -- I had the veggie farmhouse whatever sandwich & a caipirinha. the caipirinhas are 2 for 1 on mondays, which is awesome but they don't make them as good as Carly's. the sandwich was delicious, but it's rather expensive for what you get. the interior is pretty. the service was lame. the music playing was lame. I probably wouldn't go back unless I knew someone else was paying.
4	Switch is my fav when it comes to appetizers, brunch (running close with Postinos), and crepes! I have come here numerous times and have yet to be disappointed. The garlic hummus is a must and I will go as far and say it's the best restaurant hummus I have found in AZ. The hummus is nice and creamy with a double hint of gaaarlic . . .yum. Their brunch menu is perfect with quiches, omelettes, pancakes, and crepes. Don't forget the $1 mimosas on Sundays. The ambiance is relaxing and fun. They have a cute outdoor patio and they have warmers during the winter months. The waiters and waitresses have always been helpful and friendly. I would recommend Switch anytime to anyone looking to eat at a fun place with good food.
2	I've been to Switch at least a dozen times since my first experience at the Yelp event.  Mostly for the $1.99 drink specials they offer and the outdoor patio.  The food is usually satisfying, even the $1.99 paninis they sometimes advertise.  Service has always been good, but not great.However, I visited Switch last week with two of my friends after First Friday, and I don't even want to go back after the sub-par experience I had.  The waitress was HORRIBLE. Extremely unfriendly, rude, cold, impersonal, basically ignored us the whole time, took forever to get our drinks, and didn't spare a second to make sure we had everything (or ANYTHING for that matter) we needed. She seemed more concerned with closing the restaurant down then making sure her table was taken care of. as for the food, it didn't get any better really.  I went with the french dip which lacked any flavor or bite to it.  It was room temperature when it came out.  The cheese had gone from ooey-gooey melted to wax-like.  Luckily I swapped halves with my friend who got the buffalo chicken sandwich (decent).  We ordered the sunrise magaritas which you could tell were made with cheap ass tequila and WAY too much of it. make them smaller and use better tequila and i think you'd be better off.but fo realz, what the hell Switch? You killed my buzz for the evening and ruined my first friday. I didn't even want to tip the waitress and my friends ended up leaving her a substantial sum of money she should use to buy some lithium. Lesson learned. I should have waited an hour for Moira.
4	We've been to Switch 3 times now and the only fault I can find is with my own decision to have the pork tenderloin medium-well done. Crepes great, sandwiches great, pasta great, meats well chosen and prepared, atmosphere great.
4	This is no sandwich shop people!  I'm on a mission to taste test the 21 sandwiches recommended in Phoenix mag. I stopped by to grab a sandwich to go and found out this is a fancy art-deco-sit-down kind of place. The menu looks great, but I'm here for the Murano sandwich so I stick to the mission.First off the bread is great!  The sandwich is listed under "Stacked Sandwiches" rightfully titled.  The chicken is juicy and piled high. It also has prosciutto, garlic aoili and smoked gouda.  It is accompanied by a small ceasar salad that is very fresh and tasty.  It's rich enough for two meals so I save the other half for dinner.I'd love to go back to this restaurant for dinner sometime or even a sit down lunch.They have plenty to offer on their menu other than sandwiches.  Something for just about any ones taste buds, too much to list in fact.  I would highly recommend you check this place out.
2	I started to write a review for Switch a while back. I loved it at first. I literally thought there could be nothing better. However, I have been back a several times since then and the food has never been the same. I have ordered several different items off the menu and they change each time I go back. I throughly suggest NOT ordering the hamburger simply because it they cannot cook it to order and it tastes like freezer burn. The buffalo sandwich continues to be a staple. It is the one thing that is always the same when I order it there. It's good if you are in the neighborhood, but there are much better sandwich shops around.
3	It was lunchtime, and It's a Wrap was closed. So after a quick scan through yelp on my iPhone, I decided to check out Switch. It's located on Central, right next to Durant's, but I had never seen it before. We asked to be seated outside and were pleasantly surprised by the adorably chic patio. It was slightly reminiscent of some of my favorite LA lunch spots. I ordered the farm basket veggie sandwich and was happy to see that it came with a side salad instead of fries (I never have the self discipline to ask for salad instead of fries if they're the standard side). The veggies were plentiful and fresh, and the salad, while a little bland (cesar dressing on romaine with parmesan shavings), it was still pretty good. I'll definitely be back and can't wait to try their mac n' cheese!
4	I havent been here for dinner, but have been going to this place for lunch the last three years. Its a fun trendy place to go, and they have great sandwiches. The apricot bbq chicken, the pot pie gallets, rustic ham and swiss, all fav's.... Just be prepared for the rave music and come early, this place gets packed during lunch time. Service is sometimes great, and sometimes not so. Always new faces here it seems, no one seems to stick around for very long... But the food has always been consistent with great flavors. Have been coming here for the last 3 years for lunch.
4	Switch has treated me very well every time I've gone there. I particularly enjoy going there right before the dinner rush. I've noticed that the quality of food that comes out of the kitchen is especially good right before they get busy (as rings true with most restaurants). At the top of my list is their crab sandwich, their cheese burger, and their paninis. They have heavy pours on their specialty drinks that are very good...keep in mind I walk/stumble home so be careful if you're driving.
4	We weren't too impressed with the casual dining scene in Phoenix until we found this place! Located near the Heard Museum, it was easy to get to and the perfect atmosphere for lunch (kinda dark, but that's okay). The food was mega tasty and they had a ton of vegetarian options. The only complaint I have is that the waiter didn't keep his personal comments to himself. ie: when i ordered something he said "well that doesn't surprise me."  not cool and i let him know it, maybe he was just having a bad day.but over all, aside from our lame waiter, good experience and good food =]
4	Good food and vibes are good....interior is posh and comfortable.  Nice trendy resturant like FEZ.  I think they are the same owners.  My only request is that wine selection could use little work....all the dishes we ordered were fantastic.  Lamb, chicken and fruit plate were excellent...:) Price is resaonable and it stay open late.  I will definately go back to this place again....
4	I like this place very much.  I've been three times now, and keep ordering the meatloaf (its really tasty!), though the last time we went with a large party and others mixed it up by trying many things off their expansive menu, and everyone enjoyed the food VERY much.  The atmosphere is casual, mellow, lounge-ish.  The service staff is friendly and casual, like the place.  I definitely plan on going back!
4	Oh Switch.  I want to give you 5 stars.  I really do.  You're close, your food is fairly good, your drinks are hefty, and your 2 dollar bloodies are quickly becoming a weekly excursion for me.  Your service on the other hand......So hit or miss.There is one server there who is always great.  Usually by the time I am seated she brings me my Makers on the rocks.    Who doesn't love that?  Other times however, I get other servers.  Usually they are a bit confused and looking lost.  Drinks are strong food is fair and I live close.  4 stars it is.
4	We partook in Dining out for Life last night at Switch because they donate 100%!  And for as busy as the restaurant was, they handled the evening extremely well.  We didn't have reservations (because we didn't know they were taking them) and were seated in about 30 mins.Switch is already one of my favorite places to grab dinner... great food, great atmosphere and good people.   DOFL was the exact same experience.  The hostess seemed a little frazzled because they were just floods of people coming in without reservations but she did a great job getting people situated, kicking people out when tables were needed and overall maintained a positive attitude about the whole night!  Switch was also smart and had a few waitstaff just playing runners- getting refills, grabbing empty plates, etc.. so you never felt unattended to, V. Smart on their part!!The food.. wasn't the best I've ever had here compared to in the past, but I'm sure they were just trying to get things out of the kitchen and to the tables as fast as possible.  My Smoked Turkey & Brie Gallette was a little on the peppery side and had too much cheese on it (I know- how can you have too much cheese?!).   The bf got the Creole Jumbo Shrimp and said he really enjoyed the flavor (he cleaned the plate so I have to assume he absolutely hated it!!).   Overall we left full, our wallets a little lighter from donating to a good cause and smiles on our face from good service.   Thanks Switch for another good experience and for donating 100% to DOFL!
5	The food is absolutely fabulous in every way! What I appreciate most, especially as a chef myself, is the consistency. Good food shouldn't depend on the chefs mood and here, it doesn't! I ALWAYS take guests there and they are pleased every time. Switch is one of the few places where, when you look at the menu, EVERYTHING looks amazing. That's key. I also frequent their weekend brunches which are a hit every time. Drinks are only $1.99 for brunches! Overall, just a fantastic dining experience.
5	I love this place. Great drinks and delicious food. The service... well, I've only had one bad server experience, so I hope it isn't a regular thing. I would recommend the mac and cheese or the Cowboy Burger. Best burger I've ever had. You'll love the modern atmosphere and cute outdoor dining area, too.
1	THE MURANOAt Switch2603 N. Central Ave, PhoenixIf staff members at Switch take their sandwiches seriously, there was no doubt that The Murano brought no humor to my palate.This sandwich was described as the standout creation of an audacious combination.  However, when someone uses the word AUDACIOUS, I happen to think of Bear Grillis jumping of a Helicopter 20 thousand fee up on the air and then landing on a tiny ice cap in the middle of wild Alaska.Roasted chicken, gouda cheese, prosciutto and Greek olives , certainly gave me no chills.I was very disappointed on the bread. The construction of this sandwich involves the  exclusive use of Artisanal bread. I personally think the concept was misinterpreted by the builders.  By definition, Artisan bread is made by an Artisan Baker ; a craftsperson who is trained to the highest  of his ability, to mix, ferment, shape and bake a hand crafted loaf of bread.  And if the Murano  is prepared with this unique type of bread,  it was obvious to me the Artisan was off the day we came to eat.Here you describe your sandwichTo conclude our critique one must wonder if our low score on this sandwich was corroborated in part for the use of poor semantics.I would have never used the word  audacious in attempting to describe this sandwich, when every ingredient including the bread, was pusillanimous, that is spineless.
3	Positives:+outdoor patio/alley+cheese and fruit plate+pork entreeNegatives:-tight trendy inside of restaurant-average salads-bad parking situation
5	I like to make my review short and simple.  Get off your computer, get in your car, turn the air conditioner on, drive down (or up ) to switch and leave the rest of the work to the fabulous chef and other great people who work there.  Seriously, The lamb appetizer did this little happy dance in my mouth.  My daughter and I both enjoyed different salads.My daughter had TWO Sangria's, and loved them both.  The waiter was tons of fun.  The place was moderately busy but, the one very hysterical waiter had it under control and he let us know it.  Yep, I love to switch!
4	We decided ot check this place out on Friday before reverse happy hour at Kona. Wow what a great new addition to the area!! They have a great outdoor seating area as you walk in. The decor on the inside just invites you to have a martini!  There's a huge butcher block table running through the bar, and there are several different seating areas. I had a vodka tonic and wifey had the 1.99 Margarita. My drink was perfect and the wife was thrilled with her margarita! it came in a huge pislner glass and looked pretty good. We also decided to get the Bruschetta, which I thought was great. I'm excited to go back and eat, I'm sure they'll get a 5 from me next time.
4	We finally made it down here after hearing good things from the locals. We only stayed about an hour but I would defiitely love to go back. My friend and I had the $2 margarita special on Fridays and when the server brought it out, I was like, maybe we didn't get the special (since the glass was so tall). But to my surprise, it was the special! A girl can get into alot of trouble with those yummy tall glasses of $2 goodness. Since we were headed to a reverse happy hour, we split their $10 bruschetta plate. Note, my husband orders it correctly to sound like: "Brusketta" and the server corrects him, "Oh, the brushetta"? Funny but annoying, too. The bruschetta was extremely good with three pieces each of two kinds. When I go back, I am dying to try their white cheddar grits. Their menu looked pretty good and we loved the decor. There was lots of different types of seating and the patio looked super cute. I can't wait to go back and get tanked on $2 margaritas...classy, I know.
4	So I decided to get takeout from this spot for lunch today, since I've pretty much eaten at everywhere else witihin a 5 mile vicinity of my house. What a greal lunch I had, let me just say. I called in my takeout order about 1045, and they were able to get the order in right away!  I went with the Buffalo Bleu Chicken Sandwich. ( I was going to go for the Lobster roll, but the guy that answered the phone told me that it was a mix that they ordered and had the Krabstick...eww). My sandwich was shaved chicken with buffalo sauce, field greens. Aioli, tons of blue cheese on an awesome roll. It comes with a caesar salad, and I shelled out the extra 2 bones for an additional side of  Mac and Cheese. The sandwich was perfect, exactly how a sandwich should be! The meat was cooked perfectly, there was tonnnnns of blue cheese and the bread will be the reason I don' t have a six pack haha  The Mac and Cheese was also super good, I almost decided to jsut eat that and half of my sammy. It wasn't all gooey like some mac and cheese, which I prefer. It was made with penne and was just what I was looking for. I didn't eat the caesar salad, I was too full. Wifey will polish off the salad and the rest of the mac tonight while I'm at school. I ended up shelling out 15 bucks with tip!  What  a deal, for teh amount of food and the quality I got. Looking forward to going back with the wife for drinks and apps. I now have a new favorite spot in Cen-Pho!!!
5	This is based on Brunch only! For Mother's Day, we were going to a show at the Herberger and wanted to eat before it started at 1:00. I checked out Yelp for some suggestions on places to go and was happy to hear that Switch was not going to be having one of the Prix Fixe Brunches that my mother despises...direct quote from her...."People just don't need that much food!" I was also happy to find that they would take reservations, unlike Local Breeze, so I booked us a table at 11. The restaurant has a cool vibe inside, kind of dark, but not too dark and the tables aren't too close together! On this day you could order off of the brunch or lunch menu, but we all ended up going for brunch. My dad and sister got the eggs benedict....both are obsessed with this dish and get it everywhere we go....and they both LOVED it! I had the breakfast galette...don't you just love that word?....and it was amazing! Flaky pastry, sausage, cheese and eggs with some potatoes on the side...it made me really want to come back and check out the lunch versions! My mom had the crust less quiche with the mornay sauce and loved it as well....it was so huge she couldn't even finish it! We all really enjoyed our meals, the service was excellent and we even got done early enough to check out some shops before the show! The rest of the family has since been back for lunch and were just as happy with their meals....looks like I need to make a field trip soon!
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):6 Food3 *Drinks*8 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueI am vaguely aware that Switch, FEZ, and Ticoz are all related.  While I very much love FEZ and am looking very forward to checking out Ticoz soon, I can't say I'm impressed with Switch.  Granted, I've only been once and will update this after another go if I can improve the rating.But right now it's a 2.  The drinks were blegh and my buffalo chicken sandwich was made with sliced deli-style chicken meat with indistinct flavors from all the elements of the sandwich.  Not what I was expecting and not enjoyable.  The highlight of the food was the bruschetta however - it was very nice."Meh. I've experienced better.", the 2-star moniker, is accurate - though I'd would prefer it say "Meh. I've experienced much better."  I'll give it another try before I abandon it though.
3	With over 130 reviews, the only thing new for me to add is my personal experience.  So, here it goes . . .I was really looking forward to trying Switch.  I even suggested it to some out-of-town coworkers for dinner.  We went around 4:30-5ish and it was pretty empty, which was expected.  Work dinners are a great excuse to leave the office a little early, right?To drink I ordered the sangria, it was decent.  I do like that they serve Republic of Tea, that's cool!  We got the hummus too, that was tasty.  One of the people I was with confessed that she often got mixed up with hummus and haggis, and wanted to know which one we just ordered.  Hilarious!When we started to order our food, one of the things we wanted was not available.  The server said they kitchen couldn't do the full menu because they are "redoing" the kitchen.  I wasn't sure if this meant because we were there so early and they were switching it over from lunch (i.e. it will only be a few minutes), or that there was a remodel going on (i.e. it will be a few days).  He wasn't offering much info, so I decided I didn't want to put in the energy to find out.  I ordered the famous Apricot BBQ Chicken and was quite pleased.  While I never would have put those flavors together, it was quite an explosion of delicious flavor.  Like other reviewers, I probably wouldn't choose to go back, but if someone else wanted to I would be A-OK with that!
3	I went to Switch for a monthly brunch event my friends and I like to do.  The place is in a convenient location for downtown Phoenix residents and really close to the Light Rail. I would say the food was just OK.  The salad I got was just OK and nothing special, and like many restaurants, they skimped on the berries and cheese.  My friends ordered other brunch-y type foods, and the waffles were just OK, nothing special. I should give it another chance before making an opinion, but based on the menu, it just is OK.
3	Went here for dinner and tried the apricot bbq chicken skewers and some sandwich and crepe.  The chicken was decent- grilled and covered with a sweet and spicy sauce.  The crepe I had was the lobster and seafood crepes.  It was advertised as "2 large crepes" but when the dish came out, they looked puny against the big white plate that they were served in.  The crepe filling tasted just OK.  Nothing to write home about.  I couldn't really taste much lobster or shrimp (or notice any difference in texture) because it seemed like the main ingredient in the dish was the bright red "Krab" rather than "crab".  After the first crepe, I couldn't eat much more, there was something about the flavor and the sauce that really stopped me from wanting to eat the whole thing since it wasn't really that great tasting.  I tried some of the French au jus sandwich and it was also decent.  I wish the sandwich had more beef in it, for it looked like most of the sandwich consisted of toasted bread with just a thin slice or two of beef.Dessert was interesting.  We had a warm brownie served with coffee ice cream and drizzled with caramel and pretzels.  I wouldn't have thought to use pretzels in a dessert, but the result was a pretty good mix of textures and tastes.  The brownie was delicious and decadent, especially when paired with the ice cream and caramel, contrasting with the saltiness and crunch of the pretzel.
4	Nice New American spot in uptown Phoenix. Cool, contemporary decor with more than a little Ikea in the place. They have a bunch of seating options, with a dining room, bar, lounge, and patio. The dining room can be divided up for groups. Switch has a reputation around town of being a gay friendly atmosphere and for using top quality ingredients in the food. This place is an excellent option for late night chow, as they're open to midnight every day. The menu is a tasty combination of sandwiches, salads, burgers, and other comfort foods. Some interesting European inspired choices, too.  We had sandwiches the night we were there, and they were stellar. Amazing hummus on the side. Our server was great. We noticed that the place was a little dirty, though.They need to scrub the floors and clean or replace some of the textiles (pillows, cushions) around the place.
3	Ok this is my second review and it will be quick, Cool looking hip spot on Central that I must have passed a million times  without ever seeing. I met my  darling Salina there for lunch there at her request and was in and out quickly.  I had a deeeeeelisous cup of some crazy roasted tomato gazpacho with a rockin cucumber  ( I think, I wasn't paying attention) sorbet on top. This was utterly fantastic... sweet, slightly tart  and crunchy tiny bits of cold crisp vegetable heaven swirling in a slightly soupy tomato based broth that was seasoned perfectly, ( though I could have added a few drops of  some heat from any source.. but this is a personal preference and being a former chef I know that  you have to sometimes cook for the most common denominator...)The Sangria salad was  also really good. The thing about these 2 dishes thats most important to note, while not necessarily groundbreaking, this food was "clean". This is my chefs speak for food that is expertly prepared.. because anyone who knows good food knows that technique is one of the most critical components of execution of any dish... you can have all the fresh and best ingredients in the world, but if you cant, prep, poach, roast, slice, dice, cook and time ( I could go on for hours but wont)   your ingredients perfectly in the smallest, seemingly insignificant detail, to create the end result of what you want to accomplish, then you just end up with a pile of tastes that never seem to balance and blend they way they should, texturally and  certainly from a flavor stand point as well.I cant wait to go back there for wine, happy hour and more food. I will be testing the limits of this place and especially the kitchen, because my friends as you will soon find out, I can be a bastard.(I saw a Chicken Pot Pie Gallet that was calling my name and some other comfort food that I only all to well know that if its expertly prepared, can be a slice of heaven...)For a quick in and out meal with my sweet Godchild Salina.. it was a  perfect lunch with a perfect person... P.S.  I am going to  reverse engineer that soup  for mw own selfish needs if it kills me..3 stars and I will be back to see if they can secure the upgrade...
2	Sadly Switch you have disappointed me. While I have heard friends rave about the food and drinks, my experience was quite the opposite. Mainly I was just unimpressed by the food and drinks. My drink tasted like cherry cough syrup and my food was just mediocre. Maybe I will try it again sometime and hopefully have a better experience.
4	Continuing our downtown summer happy hour tour of bars, we dropped into Switch.  Really liked the interior and made ourselves comfortable in the modern leather mini-loveseat.  Seemed like a perfect set up not only for couples, but also perfect for a double date.  We weren't super hungry, so ordered a couple of drinks to get us started.  Mrs. had one of their Drunken Italian Sodas.  She really liked it.  The specialty drink menu seemed to lean to the girly sweet kind of drinks, so I just ordered a gin & tonic.  The service was attentive and friendly. While ordering a second round ( She really like the "sodas"), we decided to try a bite.  Ended up ordering, and fully enjoying, the garlic & lemon hummus.  The hummus was very tasty and the pita triangles were super soft and hot.  In all, we enjoyed our quick little trip to Switch.  Would recommend it for any type of gathering, date or a group of friends.
5	After having countless yummy lunches at SWITCH I decided to host my dad's surprise 60th birthday brunch here a few months ago and I am SO glad that I did!  A huge thanks to Jason and his staff for helping to make our party such a success.  The ambiance, food and service were absolutely wonderful - each of our 50 guests loved SWITCH (so much so that one of my dad's colleagues already booked the space for a private event, having never been there prior to our party)!  The coordination for our event was so easy and seamless leading up to the day itself, too.Jason helped me put together a menu that allowed our guests to pick from among 5 options (one of which is not on the regular menu but was easily added because it's my dad's fave breakfast food) and all you can drink bloody marys, mimosas, coffees, juices and soft drinks.   Our menu consisted of:Croissant Sandwich with egg, bacon, smoked Gouda and AioliEgg Burrito with jack cheese and potatoesMornay covered Crustless Quiche with smoked turkey, green onions, spinach, and mushrooms.Candied Pecan Pancake StackSourdough French Toast Stickies with bacon or sausageThe portions were huge and all of the dishes received rave reviews!!Jason also printed personalized menus for all of our guests which were featured at each place setting.  The staff were attentive and accommodating and the space is so beautiful that we really didn't need decorations.  If you are looking for the perfect venue for a private party, I recommend SWITCH 100%!
4	Had a great lunch at Switch today!  The party started with just two people and grew to a party of eight.  We camped out at Switch for a good 3+ hours and loved every minute of it.  Several things made this lunch fantastic, in addition to the great friends and delicious food, two specific things earned Switch the extra star.  1) The Saturday brunch drink specials including the $3 carafes of typical brunch drinks (Cape Cod, Screwdrivers, Bloody Mary's, etc) and $6 pictures of Mimosas. 2) Our server, Shane.  Shane was hilarious, patient, friendly, and just one of the best servers our group has had in a long time!Let me just say we are not known for leaving alcohol on the table, however today there came a point when we just had to walk away with almost a full carafe untouched.  (Could have been when we started knocking stuff off the walls and falling asleep at the table?)  With that being said (or typed) we still got more than our money's worth and a great time was had by all!!Thanks again, Shane!!
2	A hotel concierge recommended this place.  It was easy to find and just as easy to get a seat.  It is also just as easy to forget.I'm all for presentation, so when the server brought us share plates, and my plate had food crusted on it, I was sad.  Yet when he took the plate to the bar and wiped off the crud with a bar towel, I was disgusted!  I knew that he intended on returning said plate to me...and he did.  If I hadn't witnessed the act, none-the-wiser, right?The food was basic...nothing to write home about.  We tried the:1.  bbq apricot chicken sandwich -  tasty2.  macaroni and cheese - sub-par3.  chop-chop salad - not worth ordering4.  fries - thicker cut with seasoning - worth ordering  The service was okay, the food was satisfactory, and the trip was not worth the gas.
5	You just can't go wrong - close your eyes, point anywhere on the menu, and you will be pleased.  Also, be sure to try the soup, no matter what it is.
4	My sister took me here last week its crazy that I haven't been yet right? This is her regular go to place. Not much I can say after so many reviews here already. The patio looked very nice I bet its the place to be when its cooler. It was kind of empty in here but it was late afternoon. My sis ordered us some Drunken Italian Sodas they were made super strong though usually this would not detour me however I had my child with me and had to drive all the way back home after. Basically it tasted like straight vodka in a giant glass it was a bit much for me mid day and after adding Sprite to it which I stole from my daughter I still couldn't drink it without feeling like I'd be a drunken Mexican after. I didn't understand this drink maybe someone can explain it to me? My sis told me their Sangria was good but I had no idea they made Caipirinha's next time that's what I get no question. The food: We had the garlic lemon hummus it was really good the ingredients separately didn't have much taste to them but together it was really nice the pita bread was excellent. The kid couldn't stop eating the hummus she got so full she barely touched her mac n cheese so we brought that home along w all the leftover hummus. Now on to the Tejano burger we decided to split. OMG it was so delicous I couldn't put it down and we both regretted having split it w each other. Extra star just for that burger alone you best try it if you haven't son!!!
4	Awesome menu. Very diverse. I highly recommend the burgers.
5	Everything about this restaurant is on point. From food selection to seating and atmosphere. I go here frequently and service is outstanding.
4	I really like this place. I've been trying to get down there as often as possible to work my way through a VERY creative menu.  They even brought me the wrong thing last time I was there and I liked it.  Wish more restaurants would try new stuff like this place.
4	Go at 11:30 for lunch- parking is a breeze and easy to get a seat.  But they won't seat you unless your entire party is there, even if all but 4 tables in the entire place are unoccupied.  There were more people waiting for the rest of their parties than actually sitting in the restaurant.  It annoyed me until half-way through my lunch I saw the entire place was packed and there were people waiting to be seated.  Smart move on their part.  My sandwich: Chicken & Proscuitto- deeelish! It was a big boy.  I had it with fries and ate it all, why oh why did I eat it all?  It's filling and large and I felt in charge after I snarfed it all down.  Our server was quick and friendly, she filled our teas even thought the carafe sat on our table- I loved this by the way.  I can't get enough iced tea these days.  I will be back and I can't wait.
5	Love everything about this place. Cocktails, atmospere, food, decore are all well above standard. Awsome breakfast too.
2	In AZ with wifey dear and she was on business.  On the recommendation of a friend we hit this place up.  its sunday nite,  just another table dining.   As you walk in there is a outdoor section, some open tables with cushion seatin on one side and open lighting, nice ambiance.  Inside decor is A plus, very nice and romatic if you are here for an intimate dinner.  I really wanted to be wowed by this place by the food, but sadly it wasnt wow, it wasnt bad but it didnt have that make me want to come back factor.  Ordered some Mac and Cheese with smoked turkey, the smoked turkey was sliced deli meat chopped in.  I was sadly dissapointed given the $15 bucks price tag.  Dinner for two Mac and Cheese, Chicken Pot Pie (again sliced deli meat inside) , wifey had one drink,  I opted for water, creme brulee desert, two drinks $65 inc tip.  I dont think this place is going to get a return visit next time I am in town.  The decor gets an A+ from me, but the food is lacking some wowness.  Thank goodness I didnt have the glass of wine, I dont think it would of made the experience any better.
4	Switch is a great restaurant. The problem is for some reason we never think of going there. I think it is because it is a bit out of the way from other restaurants in the area, though it is close to a few other good ones. But the food is consistently good and the service is outstanding. They serve a mean cocktail too. Ask your server to recommend something for you. They will be happy to help you with the large variety of choices. I really love their brunch too.
4	Oh. My. Yum.I have been wanting to visit Switch for some time now, and today was such a special treat. I scheduled a work-related meeting at Switch for an early lunch (11 am - which is right when they open during the week). Parking was a breeze (although, I have SEEN the lot about an hour later, and it's not pretty). I was planning on getting a salad because I had heard they have a great caprese-style salad, but I was wooed by the stuffed crepes. Rosted Mushroom Crepes, to be exact. Check it out: roasted thyme, mushrooms and onion with parmesan and bechamel. Hands down, I got the award for the most amazing plate at the table. Seriously, my meal was hands-down fantastic. I cannot wait to go back to Switch.
3	3.5 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service.Got the bruschetta appetizer which was tasty (although heavy on the cheese).  For entrees we got a salad, chicken with pesto risotto, and salmon - all of which tasted really good!  There are lots of vegetarian options on the menu, but when I tried to modify them to be vegan (ie: no cheese, no mayo, no cream) the server told me the dishes wouldn't taste good and discouraged me from getting them.For dessert we got the "big cookie" (half-baked cookie dough baked into the dish with ice cream on top) and the brownie with coffee ice cream, carmel and pretzels.  The brownie dish was way better but both of were pretty good.The service, on the other hand, was AWFUL.  Took our order fairly quickly, but only after we had finished the appetizer did our server come out and ask us to clarify something about the order, so obvi he hand't even put it in yet.  Our empty plates sat in front of us for WAY too long, my to go box never came so I had to stare at a plate of chicken while eating my brownie dessert!  And of course it took forever to have him pick up and process our check.Even though the food was good, it's not good enough to make me come back here and endure the painful service.
4	I've been going to this place for about a year, and I can say I've never been disappointed. The salads selection is great, the drinks are great,  and the best thing of all is that you don't break the bank for some good food. My favorite salad is the Chopped Salad. - They have a good happy hour with a great selection of drinks. The service is good overall, and I would recommend going there.
4	I went to @SwitchWineBar for the @Dine4AZ #Dine4AZTweetUp. I previously went as part of the Light Rail Pub Crawl, and was not very impressed.I am now a fan. $3 Italian Drunken Sodas, $3 Caipirinhas, and a great spread of food.They had a turkey sandwich, with fresh, handmade strawberry jam, that was so delicious, and reminded me of a Monte Cristo, but not fried. I could eat one of these every day!The location is very convenient for light rail, and is close enough to downtown.The beer selection was "ok, the drunken italian soda was really nice, and sneaks up on you, but the Caipirinhas were simply fantastic.I'm thinking I may have to try their brunch, before I make a solid determination about our future together.But I really enjoyed the TweetUp, and my impression of Switch moved up quite a bit.
1	Walked in during late lunch hour. Did not get acknowledged for about 5 mins. When I finally got sat down, and served my salad, I found a hair in it. Got no apology. Just a sigh firm the waitress when she took it away. You can't pay me to go back here. The waiters are rude.
5	I've been to Switch several times - I keep going back because of the consistently good service! The menu offers a variety of yummy choices for lunch or dinner; I have yet to try something there I didn't like.  And if you are looking for a great weekend brunch head to Switch.
5	I just had dinner at Switch, introducing my boyfriend to the place.I've been here multiple times but this time it's worth writing home to mom about :)My boyfriend and I shared the lobster & crab puffs and the apricot bbq chicken skewers. He loved the lobster & crab puffs, which are my favorite. The spicy sauce that comes along with it, I can't have enough of on the puffs, very nice.The little cucumber salad that comes along with the chicken skewers compliments the chicken very well.I always get my favorite, the sangria salad. The dressing is amazing! And maybe it's just me, but they put right amount of goat cheese in the salad.My boyfriend had the Eastport lobster roll and he said it's best he had in a while.The service was good. The server was attentive from far away, he didn't come up to our table to check up on us but knew when we needed refills on our drinks and to clear plates. The only thing I don't understand is the music. If it was a busy Friday and Saturday night I'd understand the dance music but Sunday night?I'm not much of a breakfast person, but Switch makes me want to try their brunch special.
4	I really, really, really like Switch. In fact, I'd give it a 4.5 if I could. My only wish is that the patio was a little more comfortable but the inside makes up for it. I prefer Switch for lunch over dinner but I guess it could be fun for a casual date night. The vibe is good, the music is great and its usually pretty full which gives it atmosphere points. Also a great place for a workday lunch with co-workers or clients. They have amazing salads and sandwiches! Amazing. And they're huge you can totally share. My Picks.Salads: Sangria Chicken, Spinach Feta, Everything Chopped (YUM)Sandwiches: Very Berry Turkey, Sangria Chicken. Appetizers: Hummus Plate Drinks: Drunken Italian Soda - SO refreshing & tasty during the summer. Be careful - they're strong.
3	This review is based on one visit for brunch, on Saturday, Sept 18th. The space is really nice - a good-sized patio; a pretty cool, modern interior and a very clean bathroom (a huge sign, as any Kitchen Confidential fan is aware). The service was eh. Our server did not seem very excited or even mildly enthused. She gave us the normal menu, then went outside to do... I'm not sure what. I had to go to the counter and ask if there was a breakfast menu. Our order was taken promptly, and our meals were ready rather quickly. Our water glasses were kept full. This was not a surprise, as we were the only two people in here at 10 am. People started to show as we finished, around 11 am or so. So then food... ummm I'm pretty sure there was NOTHING low-fat about my meal. I went for the chef's special, which was: - four smoky grilled shrimp (cooked just right, huge plus in my book)- white cheddar grits (cooked PERFECTLY, with a really creamy, cheesy flavor that did not overwhelm the rest of the dish)- andouille gravy (like a reddish roux, with chunks of the sausage, kind of heavy but very nice!)- and an over-easy egg topping the grits and gravy. Oh...My...LORD. I ate maybe half of this; it was so, so rich. The egg was so perfect, with its runny golden yolk adding even more richness to the grits and gravy. The shrimp seemed a bit out of place, but the smokiness of them went well with the sausage flavor. This dish is my official brunch favorite, as long as I resist finishing the plate, and get a good retail meander in, afterwards. My gal pal (haha, I know, how annoying to say) had the breakfast burrito. It looked pretty standard, but she said it was really good on flavor. She ate half of it, also finishing with an overfull belly. Our bill (2 entrees, water), including tip, came to $21. Not bad, in my opinion.
1	Got very, very, sick off the french dip.  Service was without a smile. Long wait.  Would not recommend.
4	Switch really was an interesting place. I love the atmosphere, it's definitely high-end. My down-to-earth jock/geek husband wouldn't go there with me on date night, so I went with a girl friend of mine.The food was really great, and the server was lovely. If you want a fun night out, and a place that's worthy of your little black dress and sky-high heels, this is it!
5	This is our neighborhood restaurant.Whenever I want Margarita Sunrise and desserts, I went to Switch. I never disappoint.
5	They have a new item on the menu, a Steak with potatoes and asparagus!  The sauce is amazing, meat is tender. By far one of the best dishes I've had. LOVE the hummus as well!
4	Love the chicken pesto risotto! One off those dishes you won't forget! Lots of flavor. Cesar salad dressing was just ok.
1	Don't do it!  My friend and I went there this evening for dinner as it had been a while.   Our drinks arrived fairly quickly as did our appetizer.  The drinks were ok, quality of liquor used was lower end.  Our entrees which were both cold sandwiches and seemed to take quite a while, which seemed odd.  We then passed on dessert.  This is where it went south.  We paid our bill and as my friend and I walked to my car, our waiter Scott accosted us asking if there was a problem with the service.  Keep in mind we left a 15% tip.  I'm not sure what his problem was, but we were in shock. We told him that we left his tip on the table and he walked away without an apology.  How unprofessional--either possibility if he thought we didn't leave enough, then he had a major attitude problem.  If he thought we didn't leave anything, then he was a total wad and physically blind.  Unprofessional service and mediocre food means no repeat visits.  I'm really surprised at the service received at some restaurants during this recession.  I've not received any replies to my reporting of the incident to Switch management via email on their website.
4	This restaurant has a hip and modern vibe, reminds me of the W hotel or aLoft hotel. I like how there are sofas that invite you to sit and chat, and how they transformed the space between Switch and Schlotzsky's into a little outdoor area.Why you should eat at Switch:-Unique options (everything on the menu looks good - there are so many different kinds of sandwiches!)-Great flavor. I got the Dragon Pita and it was really delicious. On the downside, I had to eat it with a fork and a knife because the sauce was dripping all over the place and they didn't give us any paper napkins.-Freshness. Although $10 seems a bit much for a sandwich or burger, it was justified when our food came. All the ingredients are fresh and high quality, and the portions are appropriate. Even the water tasted really good!Why I don't give Switch 5 stars:-Slow service. We were sitting for about 8 minutes before the server came to ask what we wanted to drink. The wait for our food seemed like forever (c'mon, how long does it take to make a sandwich?). Or maybe I'm just used to Subway. Strangely though, our server was amazingly quick to take away our plates and bring the bill. hmm.-The lighting. It was way too dark, it was actually darker inside than outside. This may be personal preference, and of course it is a bar, but next time I'm going here during the daytime for lunch, and not dinner.-Consistency. Whereas the Dragon Pita was delicious, the Lobster Roll was pretty ordinary. If you don't know what will turn out good, I'd advise choosing something with a variety of eclectic ingredients.Finally, this restaurant seems to be targeted more towards the 20-35 year old age group. I wouldn't advise coming here with children or your parents... unless you order take-out.
4	We were in town to visit a friend who was dancing in the opera Carmen and she suggested Switch after the performance.  It was easy to locate as the restaurant is a straight shot up N. Central from the downtown area.  Seemingly situated behind some plain buildings on N. Central and with parking at the rear, we wouldn't have found it without help.My Margarita Sunrise was great and I had lucked out because it was Happy Hour.  The others ordered the Sangria and gave them a thumbs up also.   My dinner consisted of the mac and cheese with smoked turkey, and it turned out perfect with not too much cheese but with a thin crust and lots of good flavor.  The field salad was mainly spinach and was very good for a side salad.When we first came in you couldn't tell if it was a bar or a bar serving food or a restaurant with a bar.  It is a bit dark but comfortable and not too noisy at the time.  Service was on slow side to begin but improved once the initial order was taken.  Would I come back here?   Yep, the next time back in town we will return and at Happy Hour, of course.
4	Good friend in town took me here right from the airport for a nice lunch/brunch; not too crowded, nice relaxed crowd.  Pretty extensive sandwich menu--tried the apricot chicken sandwich; the sauce and onions overwhelmed the apricot but it was still very nice for an airplane starved boy.  Just right amount of food and lovely mimosas....only on vacation!    Sat outside on the small porch against the row of leather pillows, there is a big place inside but that was empty.
5	dear switch,  thank you. from the bottom of my heart. for hosting a crowd of rowdy drunken and often shouting yelpers to your oh so generous weekend brunches.i hope to make this a weekly ritual, wherein i pay my respects to the patron god of the aztecs and their sacred drink the bloody mary; poured into a massive carafe, garnished with celery and made from the fresh innocent virgin blood of pubescent spanish girls. on behalf of my yelp crew and im gonna go ahead and say all of the phoenix yelp community: thank you, you make sunday/saturday mornings a happy blurry drunk driving fun day that i cherish!
4	We have been wanting to check this place out for a few months now, and since we love to come to Phoenix for our date night we decided it was time to check out Switch.  We really liked it, the place, the food, the ambiance, was great.  Aaron was our server, very nice guy.  I had a glass of Malbec with my Apricot BBQ feta chicken panini, delicious and the thick potato wedges were awesome, it hit the spot.  My husband had the Jalisco Chicken Panini, another winner.  He also had the Caipirinhas, they were really good.  Next time I am having a couple of those. Can't wait to check it out for brunch.
5	The regular burger and potato wedges are AMAZING!!! Great 'steakhouse' burger taste, without the price! Will be coming back for it again!
5	Just got back from lunch at Switch and I am SUPER happy I decided to go here for my birthday lunch. I had the special that was going on, veggie ravioli, for only $7.95. I would definitely come back for this meal again. It was delicious! The flavor was so good and the meal didn't "weigh" me down like some ravioli dishes. It was light and completely satisfying.To my surprise my lovely boyfriend phoned in and ordered me a white sangria. It was AMAZING! I would for sure recommend this. Try it, you won't be disappointed!Another great surprise was that they brought me out a delicious chocolate chip cookie bake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a candle on top with a pair of Happy Birthday glasses and napkin. The desert was to die for!!! I unfortunately couldn't eat the whole thing but I did my best. Thank you Switch for making my solo birthday lunch outing a very memorable experience!!!
5	Truffled Hangar Steak is AMAZING. Great service and awesome atmosphere!
4	After a grueling hike on Saturday mornings I like to indulge with breakfast.  Switch's Fried Toast is a common item for such a craving.  It's very delicious and flavorful, crispy on the outside and soggy in the inside.  I think between my husband and I we've tried everything on the breakfast menu.  Nothing has been disappointing.  The service is meh.  The servers always seem like they have something better going on.  Once we ordered French press coffee and the server made fun of us because we didn't know what it was.  It's called "trying something new" you bounder!
5	After visiting this place so many times, I got tired of it for a couple of reasons.First one was that I would take vendors here, or coworkers from work and after the meal they always made some comments about the waiters and waitresses. Seeing waiters with their bare chest hanging out, fishnet tops and such were just a little too out there for some. I started to get questions from vendors/coworkers if they were going to get hit on or rubbed up against or if lapdances were going to be involved. Then they started questioning my sexuality! So a long break was needed.I am pleased to say the last two times I have been there for lunch its actually gotten a lot better. Its definately been toned down a lot which I am happy so I can get my free meals out my vendors again here =) Although some wont go back there just because of their own insecurities and fears I think.Still love their food, and think its some of the best in town. Have yet to go for dinner...
5	I have been here about a handful of times, the last time at a company Christmas dinner with my husband.  They were very generous with the appetizers for about 12 people and the service was excellent.Maybe it was the holiday spirit, but the mood just seemed great for a chill and relaxed evening with my hubby's coworkers.  No one even ordered alcohol, which was probably good because we would have been there all night.The few other times I have been to Switch was with alcohol and their mixed drinks are really good.  There was a pomegranate and vodka drink that I recall being very original and tasty.  I think one of  their happy hours it's two for one, so ended up having at least two of the same thing.And any place that can serve lobster mac and cheese for about 10 bucks is always worth going to.
5	Brought to you by the owners of Ticoz, Switch is fantastic! I've only been there once but that one time was enough to make me want to go back. as testimonial, let me just say that I never clean my plate. There's always something left. I usually get full and have to stop eating. here, I cleaned my plate. I was practically licking the plate! I had the pork chops with cheddar cheese grits and veggies. I don't like grits... these were GONE. The veggies were asparagus and baby carrots, cooked perfectly. The chops were done to perfection, which is rare. Too often you get dry lumps of meat on your plate that taste like cardboard. Not so with these sweet chili glazed chops! Sheer perfection! My friend had the macaroni and cheese. Again, delicious! I'm ready to go back for seconds!
5	I finally went to Switch the other night and had an overall perfect experience. Atmosphere: Clean simple with a little blue in the lighting. Food: A great menu which everything looks good, so it's hard to decide what to get. You can practically point to something randomly and get something good.Service:  Perfect and friendly, great gay wait staff which I think tends to be better at customer service in general.  Very friendly and fun, our waiter was warm and welcoming and very attentive. (don't know if the whole staff is gay, don't care, but the owners of the restaurant owns a few more in town and they are all great and tend to be gay staffed but I never had the gay bar feel or not welcome as a straight guy.)Location: On central downtown Phoenix between Durant's and Schlotzsky's.Price: Great for the quality of food. ($7-$14)Room for improvements: Didn't get water by default, which I think all places in AZ should offer, although once we requested water, it was great tasting and kept filled.Beer list is crappy, Bud, Miller, Coors, come on I know gays aren't beer pros but let's make a little more effort in that area. My date says her Grey Goose and tonics were stiff like a good drink should be. I did find a few micro brews on the list, but not top choices.What we ate: Lobster Crab Puffs, Great and the Chicken BBQ Feta sandwich, Exquisite. Greek side salads were the perfect size and creamy.I will return anytime I can and highly recommend this place. I can't wait to work through the menu since it was hard to decide.
5	I've only been there twice but would definitely eat there again if I was wanting to eat something in the Central Ave. corridor.  The owners also own Ticos and Fez I believe.  Out of those three restaurants I would have to say Switch is definitely my hands on favorite.  The only plates I have eaten was the hummus/pita dip and Mac and Cheese..This is probably best described as "high-end" Americana  but will not make a dent in your wallet.  The service was good for the most part and the ambiance is perfect.
4	I brunched (yes I used that as a verb) with some friends at Switch this Sunday.  I had an egg taco plus bacon; like most things with bacon, it was love at first bite.  We all shared a $6 pitcher of Mimosas.  Who doesn't love that?The restaurant is very cute, it has that downtown Phoenix vibe.  Loved everything, although it was a little weird listening to house over brunch, but I digress... it was SO worth it.
2	I met some girlfriends for a midweek lunch last week.  I peeked at their menu prior to going and was really looking forward to the Lobster Roll.  The description was mouth watering----the actual meal was bland at best.  It tasted like artificial crab meat and mayo.  I would have loved to send it back but our waitress was MIA most of the meal.  My girlfriends didn't have the time to wait for her to come back and extend our lunch hour.  I will say that the bread was to die for, it was the only perk to the whole meal.  Also, our waitress took FOREVER to bring our bill.  Once she gave it to us, it took even longer to bring back our cards.  For a restaurant in a busy downtown area, I would have expected faster service knowing that the majority of the patrons were here on a lunch break.If a friend suggests this place again, I may go.  However, I'll keep looking around the area for a regular lunch spot.
4	I have been there twice now, once for just drinks, and once for food and drinks. Food was excellent, nice large portions, but not crazy. Staff was friendly and attentive. I like the fact that I can eat there at 10:30pm when most other places are closed!! I can't wait to try the patio some night, it was just a bit too cold for me at 10:30pm, even though they had outdoor heaters.Definitely making this a regular stop for me.
4	So being a creature of habit, I usually have 1 or 2 dishes at fav restaurants that I order every time.  This is the first restaurant where I have found over 10 items on the menu I'd like to try.  We've been there 3 or 4 times now and I've tried something different every time (go me!).  *  The veggie burger had quite a bit of flavor and was well worth giving up the beef for the night.*  The mac and cheese is pretty good, sometimes cold, but that doesnt' stop me from ordering it each time we eat there. *  The turkey and brie gallette was also good,  but gets a little rich towards the end.*  The jalisco sandwich is a fav!  A little messy but soooo worth it!*  Just recently I tried a bite of the baked lobster and crab puffs - will be ordering that one again!*  The bruschetta - there are two different kinds on the plate.  The first time we ordered this there was waaaay too much balsamic on the "caprese" but the ham & artichoke spread bruschetta was absolutely to die for, melt in your mouth, must have every time you go there good.  The second time we tried the bruschetta, both flavors were very good.I've had bites of other things on the menu as well and I have no complaints.  The menu is extremely eclectic and it's worth multiple trips.
4	Loved Loved the food.... Dessert was out of this world!  Drinks not so great, but maybe it was just the choice.. Will definitely be going back
2	You know, this place was actually not bad, but one thing i will never stand is when the staff take themselves for granted and act like we have nothing better to do. They were respectful and all, but the wait was going to be sooo long, and as a result, we didn't order what we wanted. I know we were wusses, but hey i don't want to wait if i don't have to... So group of 50 people had just walked in before us, so they put the whole kitchen on hold... hmmmm, professional? methinks not. Anyhew, i think we will eventually go back there, but i am sure it will be tooo soon..maybe you will have a better time.have fun and good luck
3	My husband and I stopped here for drinks and appetizers on our recent trip to Arizona.  The environment is great for drinks and socializing.  It's has a nice modern, dark feel to it. We ordered their special Pear and Apple Bellini which was yummy.  It's not a real Bellini by any means since they don't put the real fresh fruit puree in it but it tasted great. The calamari we ordered was fresh and delicious. The service was great and the waiter was very nice and attentive. We stopped here before we went to eat at Durant's next door and since Durant's was horrible, we actually would've wanted to stay and had dinner at Switch instead.  The rest of the food looked good.  I only wished we did stay versus going next door.
5	My rave starts here:I love everything about Switch. From the food to the atmosphere, the place is simply wonderful.I've only been a few times, but I've enjoyed it each time.I usually get the turkey sandwich with cranberries on it (the official name escapes my memory). I can't say much about their Happy Hour or drinks in general, because I have not been since I turned 21. However, I will have to make a stop in soon so that I can check that out. I love their servers. Being a waitress myself, it is really easy for me to spot servers that are "fake", and the servers at Switch all seem to be genuinely nice people who enjoy their jobs.
3	The scene was great but the food and drinks were not. I ordered a steak and it came out under cooked and pre sliced. My boyfriend loved his champagne drink but the martini and wine were not good. It's funny that the wine was not good at a place that says they are a wine bar. Will we go back? Maybe, but it won't be our first choice. There are better places downtown that has more consistent food.
3	prob should get 3 1/2 stars.Liked.. not loved.Very classy looking place. Swankie. Kind of place to bring a date, or your woman, or sig other, or.. whatever you got.Liked the wall with the pillows.  Nice lighting. This place would get a 5 for the looks.Food was ok.  Again liked not loved.  Had Calamari that was good. I had a pork chop with apricot glaze that was very good. My womans pasta was great.I can't explain why this place should not get at least 4 stars. The service was a little slow, but I could care less about that.  I will always take great food over service... but this place and the food and everything was just missing something. Not sure what, but for me at least... the "it" feeling of love I have with so many restaurants just wasn't there.
4	I'm just going to reiterate everything that all of the other yelpers have said about Switch but (hopefully) in a more cohesive manner. I took my boyfriend to Switch to celebrate a recent work promotion, and the restaurant offered the perfect setting for a happy occasion. Everything about the decor is perfect for an early to late dinner date. The server was awesome! I was still pretty inexperienced with drinks of the alcoholic persuasion, and our waiter really took the time to help me decide on a beverage. We both ordered the sangria (trying sangria from different restaurants has since turned into a little bit of a hobby), and it was delicious. They use plenty of different types of fruit and put a lot of it in the drink which is a rarity. The food followed the drinks in both quality and taste. The Pesto Chicken was very flavorful, and the Caesar Salad also tasted great. I want to try the Mac and Cheese next time I eat here; I saw someone else order it, and I was very impressed. For the service, food, and atmosphere the prices are too good to be true!
4	I liked this restaurant a lot!! The portions are huge. The wine was yummy and great prices! This place has a lot of ambiance :) I loves the blue lighting and all the wine bottles. The back patio looked like somewhere that would be great for happy hour! Switch was very welcoming and I'm gonna enjoy many more meals and drinks there!
5	Switch, the sister to FEZ and Ticoz, does not disappoint.  I've tried a few things on the menu, but keep returning to the chicken with pesto risotto.  Yum!  Everything about this place is trendy but comforting.  Great drinks, great desserts, love the patio!My only concern is that service has been really spotty.  Sometime great, sometime very very poor.  I'm not sure whether the servers are overbooked or what.  Luckily, I had a few drinks and enjoyed the extra time with my friends.
4	This was a stop on my wine crawl (same as a pub crawl but we only drink wine) with girlfriends. It was a beautiful saturday afternoon so we sat outside. We ordered 2 appitizers, apricot chicken skewers & lobster/shrimp tarts, which were very tasty; and since we got there a little before thier 4:00 happy hour, the waitress waited till 4 to ring in our drink order which was great since it was 2 for 1. Our waitress was great. Will be going here again.
4	This is my new favorite place for sandwiches.  The menu had such a variety, I was sad I could only eat one meal when I was there.  Everyone enjoyed their food, and they made special accommodations for a birthday desert.  I want to go back soon to try more on the menu.They were very accommodating to our large party (about 18 people), the service was pleasant and quick.  The atmosphere was trendy but comfortable.  You should go for a nice cheap dinner.
4	Went for brunch on a Saturday morning. The food is excellent especially considering the price. The back patio is good environment...laid back with lots of umbrellas for shade.  Only negative was average coffee and juice (not that fresh).  Very close to giving this five stars.
4	After the long drive to Phoenix from Cerritos, the hubby and I were starving. After we got settled in our hotel room, I hopped on Yelp looking for something GOOD to eat. Switch popped up near the top and after reading all of the positive reviews, we headed out. From the outside, the place looks really unassuming...almost DEAD even. But once inside I was pleasantly surprised. The decor is HOT! I love the section of leather couches all along one side of the partition and the sofa seating outside on the patio. Since those areas looked like they were for groups of people, we opted for a table. We were shocked because the place wasn't DEAD inside, but it wasn't what we were expecting as far as crowds are concerned. I guess living in L.A., we've become jaded towards the Happy Hour crowds we're accustomed to. Our server was REALLY nice and offered the specials for the day (which sounded amazing). Instead I opted for the HIGHLY raved about Lobster & Crab Macaroni & Cheese and my husband got a sandwich. I don't even know where to begin. The food was AMAZING!! It was almost a sin for anything to taste soooo good. Never mind that I'm shell fish and lactose intolerant! Sometimes you just gotta bite the bullet, yanno? It seemed the more I ate, the more there was STILL to eat! We got there with 15 minutes left for Happy Hour specials, so I ordered a $3 Hurricane and WOW...that thing was STRONG! I totally got my $3 worth! I couldn't even finish it (LAME, I know...I know...)This is just the kind of trendy place I'd take my girlfriends to for Ladies Night!
2	Not good.My husband and I dropped by after church today having heard/read good things.  When we walked in (having to traipse through the crowded patio area because all the parking is behind this place) we were not seated for at least 4 minutes.  Now, this would not TYPICALLY be a problem for me if:  a)  4 DIFFERENT servers hadn't passed us and said absolutely NOTHINGb)  There had been others waitingc)  If there had been some sort of "staging" area for waiting to be seated versus standing in the middle of nowhere thinking, "Are we doing this wrong?"After we were seated I decided to get over my Yelp self and just enjoy our lunch.  The menu is pretty decent!  $3 carafes for happy hour on Sundays and many items to choose from.What I ordered was pretty hard to eat, and his burger wasn't much easier to handle.  Both were tasty but not really "pick it up and eat it" food.  Our bill came to $32 which is steepish for a lunch...and then, despite my "EH" experience we leave a GOOD tip...my husband goes into the bathroom and I stand back in the "random area" to wait for him...OUR WAITER - who waited on us for NO LESS than an hour - walks by me and without a glance says, "Have you been helped?"ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?I was going to go back one more time before Yelping about it but... no way.  Not dropping $16/plate on lunch to be treated like crap.  Don't need to go back to give the whole place two stars.  Not a place of destination, but a place of desperation.
5	Fantabulous Menu, Service, Atmosphere and drinks!  Can't imagine anyone not finding there perfect meal and drink here.   2 for 1 happy hour!  Exceptional place in central Phoenix!
4	The food is yummy. The best things I tried were the brusetta platter-- dlish! Also the chicken pot pie was very tasty and different it's served in a thin pastry puff and has great flavor. I'll go back!
3	I am up in the air on this restaurant. I'm not sure whether I love it or hate it. The food was pretty good and after my date raving about the Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken sandwich he was going to have - I figured it had to be good.  I got the macaroni and cheese with Lobster & crab. I'm very particular about my mac n' cheese and this seemed meh. I know..how can someone screw up mac n' cheese? But you can and they did. Sorry - date, I ate most of it and it was pretty good but I could hardly taste the crab and lobster and if you are paying for it then I better see HUNKS of it and taste it. The appetizer of New Zealand Lamb Loin was delicious and cooked perfectly as I hardly ever like lamb. My sangria was delish and I would go back for some apps and the sangria - any day.
5	This is short and sweet. The Buffalo Chicken sandwich I had was very good. One of the people I follow on Twitter kept talking about the cocktail called Caipirinha so I Googled "Caipirinha Phoenix" and Switch came up. The Caipirinha was the primary reason I came here and I'm happy I did. Caipirinhas are delicious. They are a bit like a lemon infused Mojito. I loved the experience of sitting on their patio and listening to music while I dined...it was a gorgeous day for it. If you were looking for a good place to start your First Friday I wouldn't pass up Switch.
4	I have been back a few more times since I last reviewed Switch. I will say that the service has definitely improved! Also, try the drunken Italian sodas. They're great. I think it is a great place to go if you are looking to have drinks.
4	I expect nothing less from Switch.When my friends, in from out of town, asked for a nice but casual place to have a late dinner, I recommended we meet here.  We had a great seat on the patio and attentive service. The house cosmos, $3 on Saturday, were potent and tasty. Our party of 7 had everything from salads to burgers to lobster mac n cheese.  I had the Bbq grilled chicken skewers.  Perfect dinner, I especially enjoyed the cucumber salad with balsamic vinegarette accompanying the skewers.  AJ and Jeremy talked about their huge and tasty burgers into the next day. I sampled the lobster mac it was very rich and tasty. We closed down the place but each of my visitors vowed that next time they were in PHX, Switch was on their list.
5	Dropped by for lunch with a friend.  I love the vibe an decor here....it's very modern and chic.  I ordered a Triple Grilled Cheese Sandwich (Provolone, American, and Cheddar Cheese on Griddled Texas Toast, $7.95 & Tomatoes, $.95).  It comes with a complimentary side of Caesar Salad....bonus!The Grilled Cheese Sandwich was awesome!  The thick Texas Toast was griddled perfectly....not too burnt, but not too soft....and the combination of Cheeses was just right.....the Tomato provided a nice, juicy & sweet flavor to the Sammie!  Next time, I'll also add Avocado to the Sammie for $.95 more.Our server was great too.....patient with us as we talked and browsed the menu.Overall, it was an awesome dining experience.Return Factor - 100%
2	2pm Lunch on friday afternoon.Food was tasteless. completely tasteless. We added about half the salt shaker. The lobster seafood crepe was greasy, creamy and tasteless..with yellow carrots on the side that were tasteless.  Also had a wrap that was nothing to write home about.Maybe the chef had gone home, but we were pretty disappointed.
5	My hubby and I stumbled upon this place. The music and ambiance was so cool. It was like toned down house music. The service was amazing! Our waiter was mixing our drinks, and after 2 each Scott and I we're pretty drunk! The food was also amazing! If you like Greek salad I have to strongly recommend theirs! The best I've ever had, hands down. The entrees are so gourmet and its so hard to make a decision. I can't recommend this restaurant enough. We are so happy!
5	Their drinks, their food, and their service - all 5 stars.I have only ever been for brunch, but each time has been delicious. Their brunch specials are always unique and delightful and the service has always been good.The decor is quite a bit like Ticoz, which is nice, and it's really an atmosphere where any sort of attire is acceptable. Wear your jeans and cute tank, or your LBD and sky-high heels, you'll fit in either way.
4	Chicken Risotto! UM YES! Went here with friends and the drink specials were awesome...The drunken italian sodas were delicious. The hummus, paired with fresh pita was perfect and the Chicken Apricot sandwich was the best I have had. Kind of reminded me of the Menais Je Tois at Ike's in SF. Overall great atmosphere, friendly waitress, delicious food and kick ass drink specials. I am a fan.
5	THE BEST FOOD EVER! Every time I've been here I try something new and its all amazing! 5 Stars all around for everything!
5	Last month, I attended the Dine Out for Life night at Switch.  They generously donated 100% of the profit for that night to this event.   As you can image, it was a very busy night.  This was my first time here.  I have heard that they have amazing Happy Hour specials so I arrived early.  I didn't have a reservation, but the Hostess was nice to let us dine.  Tim, our waiter was outstanding!  Decor is really lovely but most importantly the food and drinks were really excellent!!  I had both the Blond (white wine) and Red (red wine) Switch Sangrias.   I like the Red over the Blond.  The alcohol kick of the red wine was stronger and fruitier.   I had the Crispy Iowa Pork sandwich.  The pork loin cutlet was fried in perfection.  You can taste the grain mustard in every bite.  Yum!   All sandwiches accompany with a Caesar salad.  For the price you can't beat the overall experience at this restaurant.
5	I hadn't been back to Phoenix in 22 year.  Yes, 22 years, and oh my how it's changed!  So many new freeways and high rise buildings!  But more importantly, new restaurants!!!  Not knowing the area well, my friend's daughter suggested this place for dinner.  It was Saturday night around 8:00pm and I was really happy we didn't have to wait at all.  Parking is at the back of the restaurant parking lot.  We entered the restaurant back entrance via an outdoor patio where people were enjoying a AZ summer night.  I loved the restaurant as soon as I stepped in.  It's very modern and open.  In front of me was a  nice bar.  Our table was reserved for us and we were seated right away.  Once we ordered, the food came out fairly quickly.  I had the Spinach Feta Salad with Chicken (add on) with balsamic vinaigrette. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=pw0Zm0E7aFdzpdY6pBXXBQ It was delicious!  They weren't stingy with the meat and I was only able to eat about 1/3 of chicken but I finished all of my salad!  My fiance had the T ruffled Hanger Stead (medium). He said it was very tender with good flavor.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=sacBv9z6S1zq2UzlMohXAAOthers ordered Spicy Burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=koApdgY9xe4mt1aTMFs0tA, Wedge Fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=pJD2rltJ-SGsn226U56TDA, Le Mans French Dip http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=Lumr-KdIUA6v8T8Ofbyjfw, Chicken Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=TffVc2HLohKZstKe53DCAQ, and Salmon Western http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-Ht7HiGBox8lS1Y8IPjO8g?select=LS5UAhL7N68h-2pn4uCSTQ, which looked sooooo good.  If I ever return, I'm going to try this!Our server was super nice and attentive.  The sandwiches are pretty big, so if you're a small eater, you might be packing 1/2 of to go.  They also have Happy Hour everyday.  If you're in this part of the town, give it a try.  You might like it as much as I did!
4	Maybe this review should actually be 5 stars... I can't really think of a reason Switch *doesn't* earn 5 stars, but in this age of grade inflation, I must be judicious with my stars.  So yes, 4 stars, but if I could give half stars (and, why, Yelp, can I not?!), I would give this place 4.5 stars.  I've been here a handful of times and just LOVE it!  The ambiance and decor is cool and modern, with a staff and clientele that are more down-to-earth than the hip decor would suggest.  I love the variety of seating options, from a great patio, to a long shared table, to a bar, to laid back armchair seating configurations, to hightop tables, to typical half bench, half chair tables.  There's a seating situation to suit everyone here.But that's not why we go to restaurants, is it?!  The food.  So good. So so good.  Admittedly I've only tried two entrees-- the triple grilled cheese and the mozzarella caprese sandwich, but that's because they're both so awesome that I find it hard to branch out.  They have a tempting veggie burger that I keep vowing to try... maybe next time!  This place has great selections for herbivores and omnivores alike-- my meat-eating dining companions have enjoyed burgers and sandwiches that they continually bestow with high praise. With sandwiches and burgers, you get your choice of sides-- all of which are delicious, but the mac n' cheese is out of this world.  Creamy and delicious and addicting.  And served with a sandwich, you'll certainly have plenty leftovers for lunch the next day- and who doesn't love that?As an appetizer, I almost always start with the hummus which is delicious!!  Just perfect-- great texture, great seasoning, not too much or too little of anything.  The portion is large and it's served with plenty of warm pita bread, so order this one to share between two or more people.  It' s served with some pickled red peppers and artichokes that I don't care for, but I just push those to the side and dive in. And the drinks-- so so delicious!  And their happy hour is fantastic- two for one.  Plus they have a great all-day drink special each day of the week.  They serve the unique 'drunken italian soda', a potent and sweet concoction that doesn't disappoint.  Last night I had the red sangria and it was also fabulous!  The sunrise margaritas are also fantastic.  Basically the cocktails are unique, flavorful, potent, and reasonably priced-- who could ask for anything more?The service is generally pretty good-- a solid 3-4 stars. Never stellar, never horrible.  Just decent.  This is probably where they lose the half star-- but not because it's bad, just because it isn't as awesome as the food, cocktails, or ambiance. So it's settled... in my book, this place is a 4.5 and I'll be back again and again and again.
5	For pure delight, I have to give this place 5 stars. YOU MUST TRY: Very Berry Turkey Sandwich, Thai Braised Beef Tacos, Apricot BBQ Chicken Skewers, and the Red Sangria! I also highly recommend the Sunday Brunch Drink Specials; the mimosas and bloody Mary drinks are $3. They fill one glass up and bring you the rest of your drink in a carafe. They're strong and after just one you'll be pretty happy :D Other items worth noting: Margarita Sunrise, Blueberry Cosmo, Drunk Italian Soda
5	My last encounter with Switch was not a very pleasant. I decided to go in for lunch but it didn't happen. Our server forgot about our table for 10 minutes, so we left.I did take-out for a while, sticking to the Sangria salad and lobster crab puffs.I finally decided to dine in again last night, taking two of my sisters with me to celebrate a birthday.We were seated quickly by a gentleman who ended up being our server. He read our table pretty well, letting us talk and checking up every once in a while.The food as always is amazing. My sisters were very satisfied with the Eastport Roll and the burchetta. I had the lobster & crab puffs, it's hard to say no especially with the sauce that goes with it.Our server, Robert I believe, when mentioning dessert we asked if they had cheesecake. They had something better that I cannot remember what it was.Robert made our night enjoyable and will definitely be going back soon.
4	I like Switch a lot more than my husband, but oh well he can write his own review. :). We have been here a few times (would be more if he enjoyed it more). I really like the decor inside and little back patio. Maybe it's the wine lover in me that has this place on my list of likes (damn, is it 5'oclock yet?!). They have a GREAT happy hour. Happy hour wine specials make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside. The wine list is extensive and they have appetizers that nicely pair with the wines. I have always enjoyed the food here as well. The menu is diverse and there is pretty much something for everyone. I like curling up on the front couches and talking, relaxing, and enjoying the lighting, candles and people watching. I would LOVE Switch (and so would my spouse) if the service was better. The last time we came they said "It just got really busy, so we can seat you, but no one will be with you for about 20 minutes". Well...okay. I appreciate the honesty I guess. So we ask if we can grab a drink then, and are told "No, it's too backed up at the bar, too". Well now you have made us pretty upset, because I love my wine and don't appreciate being denied that drink I have been waiting all day for! So since then we have not been back, which is too bad. I think if you catch it on  a slower day  you will really enjoy yourself. Stick to happy hour, too. Slightly overpriced for what you get otherwise.
4	Go here. Now. Sunday breakfast was superb. I've never had eggs Bennie with such spot-on poached eggs (everything was runny but not like your nose you dope fiends). The melted Swiss cheese was a very nice addition as well. Oh yeah. How about a carafe of Bloody Mary for three ducats. Trust me, it's in both your best interest and mine to just make it happen. Will be back for sure.
4	This place has great food.  Went for a birthday party with a large group of friends about 10 people.  The place handled our group size with their seating fairly well.  Now to the food.  The Mac and cheese with lobster was to die for.  They do make other things very well but I only go for the Mac and cheese.  It is one of those meal where you recommend that everyone gets that as a side because you are not going to want to share it.  This is a spot you need to go to if you are in downtown located on Central and Virginia just off the light rail it should make your places to stop by, without a doubt.  Do not sleep on this one.
4	Yep this place is great!!! The menu is great, so many dishes i want to try. I have been for lunch and had the club sandwich which was very good. The mac n cheese is really good. I ordered it with crab the first time and had it plain the second time. You can add lobster, crab, chicken, but plain is how i liked it best. We ordered the shrimp app. It was delicious. The shrimp was done in a citrus marinade and served with a small salad and topped with avocado. Now to the reason I'm writing this review, the Chicken Pot Pie. Oh yeah, this version of pot pie had me worried cause its served open face and that's a problem cause I love the crust on top and was worried I would not like it. But with a little help for the server I went for it. I posted a pic. It was so good and I would not want it any other way now. It just works for me. This was the last thing I was going to order and now I know I'm going to have a hard time ordering next time cause I know how good this dish is. I really like this place, from the service to the decor and especially the menu. I cant wait to go back!!!
5	My parents and kids choose this place to celebrate my fathers 60th birthday. We came here expecting some of the best burgers ever and they delivered!!!!! We also ordered their specialty steak, Amsterdam pasta, an amazing BLT & lobster mac n cheese. It was awesome!!! Aside from the food, they had great service and a trendy decor. This place was worth the trip from SoCal. Looking forward to coming back, next trip to phoenix.
4	Switch is like the younger sibling to the Fez/Ticoz empire.  I know it's there, I drive by it, I just never think to eat there.  The food is reliable for lunch.  Sandwiches and salads. Nothing that will be over spiced or too crazy.  It is very crowded for lunch.  The service can be a little hit or miss.  Sometimes I can get in super fast and sometimes its the wait.  So it's not the waitstaff that is to blame, just luck of the draw.  I usually get a salad which is plenty of food or a sandwich.  If you are feeling naughty you can get the mac and cheese or one of their gallettes (which are basically phyllo dough pockets).  Have not had brunch there yet, although I hear it is good.  They also have tempting cookies right by the front door in case you need to grab a quick sugar rush on the way out.
5	Love, love, love, LOVE me some Switch!!!! They have the BEST hummus, drinks, burgers, mac and cheese, and more! Love this place so much I was taking my boyfriend out there to just enjoy a night out with some live theatre after wards and he PROPOSED to me there!! Not only do I have a restaurant in Phoenix that I love, but now it has even better memories there! The staff is always nice and helpful and cheerful! It's a place that is kept clean all the time! I found it a few years ago with a group of my girlfriends and fell in love with the ambiance, the food, the hummus!!!! Since then I've taken many people there and suggested it to others so I figured i should write up a review on Yelp! Absolute favorite.
5	Switch is awesome. The reviews are true. Really cool place. Was in town on business looking for something close to my hotel and lucked out with Switch.Staff is incredible. Every time I am in Phoenix I am coming here!Believe me on this one, its not on the menu so you have to ask for the Southwest Hanger Steak. Best thing I have ever eaten.
4	Switch is still a bit of a hidden Gem... when FEZ is packed you can always find a seat. The eats + drinks are great, and the outdoor patio is reminiscent  of a European cafe.
5	I LOVE this place. It is my go-to place to take anyone new in town. Great service, great food, and great drinks. Don't forget to ask about the special.
4	I discovered this place online when I did a search for good Sunday happy hours. To my disappointmen t they don't really have a happy hour menu.  $3 house wine, a few other drink specials, no food specials. That was about it. The food turned out to be good though. I ordered the spinach salad, sans bacon (for my veggie-eatin' self) and the rest of my group ordered pita or ciabatta  sandwiches. We got a baked cookie dessert but it didn't compare to oreganos or humble pie....pale in comparison.....even though there was none left. Our server was a little bland at first but he warmed up. Kept our water glasses filled which is a big deal for me. Decor was stylish and contemporary. Everything was navy.It wasn't super busy so we didn't feel rushed to leave. At $3 a glass my house chardonnay was pretty decent.
4	we checked this place out for a sunday happy hour yesterday. very cool decor, on the hot spot that is the light rail in CenPho (which is like saying "Scotts" or "Mes" or "The Gil"....i hate trendy).no food specials, but the sandwiches were reasonably priced. i had 2 drinks off their sunday happy hour (4-6pm). the margarita was tasty and fruity but the vodka sweet tea was a bit like the tea from a jug with some vodka in it....but hey, i got a buzz anyway.i was pleased with my mozzarella and basil ciabatta, but it was damn cold in there. it's rare when i'm outside in phoenix and actually enjoy 108 degree temps, but after the arctic blast in switch, it was nice to warm up. service was quick and friendly. oh, the cookie desert....good but of course, our fav is still oregano's. the chocolate sunday looked divine!
4	I meant to try this place for months.  Finally did and I've been there 4 times in two weeks!  Love the salad, starters, caprese sandwich with chicken, onion rings...  This place is way too close to my new house and I will need to show great restraint!
5	I love this restaurant. The menu is very broad -- loads of selections. Great munchies for happy hour (the hummus is amazing). Love the Blue Sky salad. The buffalo burger is also really yummy. They are always willing to change things for you with no problems -- which is big for me because I never order things the way they are! I love this place for lunch, happy hour and dinner. Also, very consistent.
4	Yesterday I found myself at Switch for the second time in as many months.  I had been told by several people that happy hour/appetizers and brunch were their strong suits and after doing both I can agree they are certainly top notch although I have yet to try them for lunch or dinner.  Both times the food, service and drink specials were great and my companion both times wants to duplicate the patio at her own house.  I don't remember all the appetizers we sampled on our first trip but for brunch we shared a quiche and a Gallete and both were really good and we were stuffed, the $3 carafe of Bloody Marys certainly did nothing to ruin our mood.
4	Yum yum! Went to eat here yesterday and Im definately a fan. The wait staff was super friendly and the atmosphere was great. The menu is typical of wine bars serving salads, sandwiches and burgers but the detail and flavor they place on thier entrees is great! Drinks are delicious and unlike some wine bars they have a full bar. *They take reservations for lunch and larger parties which is great if your in a rush. Great happy hour drink specials.
5	Food is great, and so is the customer service!  The garlic lemon hummus is the best!
4	great salads and burgers!
4	Great food! Friendly environment! Modern decor! Gay! All of these things describe Switch to a tee! I had been telling my wife for months that I had heard great things about this restaurant, especially their brunch menu. Unfortunately for me, she is not a big fan of Sunday Brunch, so when we did finally make it there last Sunday, I had already missed out on the brunch menu and the $3 carafes of Bloody Marys. We ordered a carafe anyways... only $6 for approximately 4 good sized Bloodys! They were made well, but for the most part tasted pretty generic, yet still exactly what I expected for only $6!! I ordered one of the tastiest burgers I've ever eaten, topped with guacamole, salsa and jalapenos! Each plate was also served with a small house made ceasar salad, which I thought was a nice touch! Our service was very prompt and friendly!I will definitely be coming back to Switch for my favorite meal of the week: BRUNCH :)
2	The wine is decently priced but the food is just...edible. Went here on a Tuesday night because we'd gone to Postino the night before for their awesome Monday/Tuesday night deal ($20 for bottle of wine and bruschetta platter) and didn't want to go two nights in a row. That was probably a mistake. I'm fairly certain the mac & cheese is made with velveeta, and the pork sandwich was dry and rubbery. The side of green beens was undercooked and had little flavor. Everything was just...meh. We did have good wine but it was all very underwhelming and sad.
5	First of all, you go to Switch because it's in a great location in the central corridor, with a great reputation.  You eat, drink, have some fun....BUT...you go back to Switch because of Tim Lott.   The Best Server In Town...!  Yes he is, makes you feel wanted, appreciated, and like a friend, not just another potential tip maker. The food has always been terrific!  I just LOVE the Spicy Bleu Burger...yumm!  The servings are abundant, tasty and definetly worth every single penny you place down at the end of your meal.  But wait...did I almost forget the Happy Hour..yes kids...Happy Hour.  Great prices on Great Drinks and Food....!  Head to Switch and tell them I sent you and you HAVE to ask for Tim....he's the best in the business.
4	This is one of the most rated restaurants in Phoenix, with a four star average.  What can I say?Excellent food consistently.  Friendly and courteous staff.  I had a fortunate lunch date with Sweet D today, ordered the hummus appetizer with grilled red peppers, artichoke hearts and pita.  I was able to replace half the pita with cucumbers for summer coolness.  It was an excellent, filling, lunch.  I brought half back for my lunch tomorrow.
5	Only been here once for lunch but very impressed.  Walking into the courtyard there is lots of comfy seating and pillows.  Inside, there are more loveseats and pillows, navy decor and dark tables, adding an instant air of intimacy, warmth, and relaxation to the place.  I was having a business lunch on a Friday afternoon.  It wasn't super-busy, and we were seated at a nice table near the street indoors.  I was impressed with the good variety in the menu, from salads to burgers, pasta, seafood and more.  I came across a different kind of listing: crepes, and decided to try their seafood one.   Two crepes came with lobster, scallops, some chopped tomatoes, white sauce, and I believe chives, along with green beans on the side.  It was very tasty, the crepes were great, and the fish tasted good.  Coming from the Northeast, I know good fish!Service was fast, friendly, and efficient.I definitely will go back here!
3	Clean, nice hip atmosphere, too pricy for what you get.  Like other reviewers I most noticed the excellent service.  The food was presented very well, yet when I dug into my brie and turkey filled pastry puff, I was disappointed with the quality of the turkey.  It seemed as if they get it in bulk from Costco deli or something.  The puff pastry on the other hand was very good and what I enjoyed most about the dish.  I would have to go again and try another menu item to be a better judge of the food quality and consistency that others Yelp about.
5	Wow! I'm so disappointed in myself for not dining or even drinking here before now. We came in for brunch one Sunday. It was too warm for the patio we walked through to get inside, but believe you me I'm counting down the days until the temps are in double digits again to enjoy that beautifully cozy space. Sigh... I was a little sad we wouldn't be able to enjoy the patio but was snapped back into happiness when we walked in to the smell of bacon. Sweet sweet bacon. In case you didn't know, when you walk into a restaurant to the smell of bacon, that means an angel's earned their wings. The restaurant is bright and open and the servers are friendly and helpful. On to their moneymakers... First off, carafe of mimosas for $6?!?!?!? They are tugging on my heart strings. The carafe holds about 4 mimosas... do the math. (I won't tell you how many the two of us had). Gosh, I love taking advantage of deals. Speaking of deals, pretty much everything on the menu is less than $10. My friend got the special, a tender belly that took 30 hours to prepare. It was $7.95. It came with pickled vegetables that we didn't care for, but I don't like anything pickled. The tender-belly was so tender and delicious. Since we had bacon on the brain, we got a couple sides of bacon between the two of us. (Just like the mimosas, I'll never tell how many). The chef came out to meet the guests whom were after his heart by ordering the tender belly with sides of bacon. Who doesn't love meeting the chef? It really shows that they care about their guests and what they think about their products. I had the quiche of the day that was freaking amazing. We needed something sweet after all that delicious, hearty food; so we shared the cookie dough with ice cream. This is my favorite dessert anywhere... the sort-of baked chocolate chip cookie dough with vanilla ice cream on top. I was in heaven. This brunch was one of the best I have had ever! I love brunch... It's my favorite meal. I'll definitely have to come back when the nights are cooler and check out the dinner menu on the patio. LalalalalalalaLOVE this place!!!!
4	It may be hard to find at night but it is worth the search. Note the sign here does not light up, and it is a bit small, Look for the big Durant's sign to turn in at. Walk in and you will find a modern trendy ambiance, blue lighting, local abstract art and large IKEA mirrors. Lighting is a bit low but acceptable, it would make a great date spot.The menu has salads, Panini, and some entre items for your mains. I went with the south west salmon $16.95 one of the pricier items on the menu.  It was pretty good, well-cooked nice flavors and a decent portion, it comes on a bed of slaw and salsa with a few fried zucchini sticks on top.  We also ordered a side of pesto risotto, it was fabulous, cheesy and full of basil and sundried tomato goodness.For our other main we had the La Rojeta Panini, (the veggie goat cheese sandwich) 9.95. It was nothing special but I did appreciate the cerve` with every bite. It came with a small side Ceaser salad that was heavy on the cheese but a bit light on the quality of the romaine.One little neat thing is the way you order and pay, the server has a i-pod touch which even has pictures of each dish, you even hold it to pay at the end, this way your card never leaves your sight.
4	Their drinks R always so good and make 'em fine and strong. The food always good mix of flavors and combinations I love how they aren't afraid of trying new flavors and so far they have make my palate happy and the ones of my friends too. So yes I liked and keep going for more!!!
4	We had a reservation for 18, but our other 7 friends wimped out at the last min.  The 11 of us enjoyed Switch.  We had the high table by the bar and kitchen.  Tim was our server and he was awesome!!!  The weekend brunch menu looks so yummy.  I ordered the Breakfast Gallette (large puffy pasty topped 2 eggs, sausage, jack cheese & cheddar cheese, & served with breakfast potatoes. Everything tasted so so good, one minor thing I did not know the eggs were over easy.   The rest of the group polished off their food too!  Some of us ordered off the regular menu.  OMG, the burger looks and smells delicious!  I so need to be back to order another things off the regular menu!!!!
5	Best place to eat in the Central Corridor.  Great food, servers with lots of personality, a fabulous Sunday Brunch (with carafes of bloody marys or screwdrivers at $3, mimosa carafes for $6).  My honey and I had our first date here and have been back at least once a week ever since (going on 3 years now).   We love Switch!
4	New favorite brunch spot! My pal and I went around 1pm for Sunday brunch. We were amazed by the $3 carafes with your choice of: bloody mary, mimosa, screwdriver, and cape cod. We started with a very boozy screwdriver carafe. We both ordered tasty side salads (caesar & field) for the low price of $2.25. My friend got the mac and cheese ($11), she loved it. I ordered the crepes huevos rancheros. Muy delicioso! Light, fluffy crepes filled with goodness. They happily substituted the chorizo for mushrooms to accommodate my veg-ness. The breakfast potatoes also had a good flavor. $10 and I had leftovers. We then ordered a cape cod carafe, again - very boozy. Our server was friendly, hip and great aside from not checking on us at the beginning of our meal. I require hot sauce with every morsel of food I eat. My friend wandered over to the chef as there was a slew of hot sauce in the kitchen opening. Straight to the source she goes - they apparently have a friendly chef. The outdoor patio is very inviting. I hope to sit outside and enjoy delicious food and drinks with friends soon!
4	Heading back to Tempe after a day up North...we wanted to stop in dtphx for dinner. Having been here before, I suggested Switch and that's where we ended up. There were two large groups (10+) that were just getting settled in, but we were seated quickly. Our server was great, and I decided on the buffalo chicken sandwich with a side of fries and red sangria to drink. Btw, everything on their menu looks delicious, and everyone at the table had a hard time deciding. Anyways, my sandwich was bomb. The bread was delicious, the sauce had a great kick, and the chicken was plentiful. And the fries were as good as I remembered. The sangria was pretty average, but I ended up scoring a blueberry martini due to a mistake at another table which was very dangerous ;-) It's a shame I don't live downtown or I'd probably frequent more oftne.
5	Excellent happy hour and yummy dinner. The caperinhas were great, and at $3.5 for happy hour, totally worth it. Wine is also $3 per glass during happy hour as well. The lobster and seafood crepes were super tasty, though a little small for the price. I added a side salade which brought this up to a tasty fully meal. Recommended.
5	Found this place on Yelp last Sunday after searching for anything that was open downtown after 9pm. So glad this amazing place was close by and we chose to have dinner here! It wasn't busy when we got there, but a few more tables filled up as the night went on. I had the apple bellini to drink and it was delicious and so cute with an apple slice right in it. Started off with the beef tacos and were blown away. It was the perfect mix of sweet, spicy, creamy, and crunchy! I literally could have eaten a platter of them. For my entree I chose the Apricot BBQ Chicken sandwich and it was sooo good! I definitely recommend this place to anyone in the downtown Phoenix area and I plan on going back very soon! Amazing food, drink, and a beautiful atmosphere!!
5	The food, wine and service here was soooooo good - we came back 2 nights in a row.  The appetizers are amazing.  The Risotto Balls and Asian Beef Tacos are faves and the hummus plate is enough for 3 people to munch on while waiting for your main course.Main course - I tasted everyone's food at the table and they were all winners ...so it's hard to pick a fave.
4	Don't be discouraged by the exterior of the building and the surrounding neighborhood.  Once you enter the restaurant, you are in a whole new world.Our server was extremely personable and had a great sense of humor.  i would go back just for her.The food selections were varied, and anyone could find something they like.  The pannini's and pita sandwiches were great.  You will need a doggie bag.They have an area with lounge seats and a long table that looks perfect for having cocktails and appetizers.  I would like to come back in the evening to experience that.Overall, reasonable prices, trendy atmosphere, great service, and a menu that would suit anyone's taste.
5	Switch is my favorite neighborhood, I go there a few times per week. My favorite food is the Thai tacos. The servers are friendly, the atmosphere is very welcoming and I love that I can walk home. Also, the wine list, drink specials and wonderful bread pudding keep me coming back.
4	Four stars purely on the staff!!  They were so attentative to our party, our waiter was fantastic and the cooks had someone come out and make sure i didn't want fried onions on my burger....because i ordered it with the gluten free bun.  Service like this is amazing!!The food is sooo goood!!  You can't go wrong with one of the burger--the Switch House Burger is amazing!!  So much goat cheese:)  And perfect amount of ceasar salad on the side.  Most of my party agreeded that we'll be back for many more lunches and possibly happy hours:)
3	I've heard nothing but great things about this place but in my humble opinion, it was just okay.  It probably would've been better if we weren't a party of 12.I had the garlic and lemon hummus to start and that was delicious. I loved the tasty garlic spread over the bite sized slices of pita. I ordered the salmon fresca thinking it would be just as good. Unfortunately, the food took what seemed like an eternity (at least 30+ minutes) before it was brought out.They waited too long to serve our meal. I saw our dishes sitting on the counter for a while. We weren't served until all the dishes were prepared and because we were such a large group, that wait was loooong. The food was cold by the time I took my first bite and I wasn't the only one complaining. *sigh*The parmesan crusted salmon was flavorful but it should've been soft and warm at the very least. The bed of polenta that the salmon was served on ended up being spongy and dough like. Not the most appetizing. The portions were on the larger size but what's the point when the food was just...blah.The service was decent though. I ordered an Arnold Palmer and it was refilled a few times without even asking. The atmosphere is very welcoming and the menu looks delicious. I'd definitely come back here again for dinner or lunch to try something else, but for now it's A-OK.
4	Great place for a good meal!  Staff is excellent and attentive.  Great atmosphere for dinner, brunch or just drinks.
4	I really like this place! The food is good and the place is cute! A little bit better happy hour wouldve gotten it a 5 star rating...
5	OMG! every town in america needs a switch in town! Ok, i love yelp and come here often to find all kinds of places as I travel all over the country with work. Sitting here on a Sat. I thought to myself, "self, a lite snack and a drink while reading my ebook chillen at a cool table sounds good" so self said lets look. Within two blocks of my hotel was Switch, I looked at thier online menu (site is high class) and saw a breakfast burritto for $6.75 and noticed that a carraffe of screwdriver, cape cod, or bloody mary was only $3. carraffe meaning to us maybe 12oz or so. Hey! sounds good to self so we headed out. Very nice cool, almost chic atmosphere, very casual and welcoming, staff rocks!!! I told the waitress/hostess that brought me the menu's "just bring me the breakfast burritto and a carraffe of bloody mary" acting like a regular. I figured going in that it would be a small taco size more than a burritto so imagine my delight when the dish came looking like something from "Iron Chef"! The burritto was 4" in diameter with at least a 1/3 cup of sour cream, guacamole, and picante sauce each on the side! And then they set the 1 litre carraffe of bloody mary down. "self" I said, this is not the $3 specail we read about so after about 10mins I asked the hostess and she looked at me strangely and said yes, this is the $3 bloody mary. long story short,,,,,Walked in with $20, tipped the awesome waiter $3 on a $10 tab and walked out with $6 in my pocket, a nice buzz, a fullllllll stomach, and a very wishful attitude that all my travels could find a switch in town.
4	Switch has really picked its game up in the past year or two.I remember the days of eating at Switch and walking away from the place saying, "Yeah..that was just ok". They seem to have a new chef now, or they really took customer feedback into consideration. I have been to Switch several times and have found new things on the menu to love. From the delicious and rich Lobster and Crab Puffs to the hearty and filling Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken sandwich. One of my favorite sandwiches is the Mozzarella Caprese Ciabatta. I usually add prosciutto to my sandwich and it makes it THAT much better. Try the sandwich with a side of Sun Dried Tomato Risotto; yum!Sometimes they have some amazing specials. About a month ago, for brunch, I enjoyed the Chef's Special of Duck Hash. The hash was well made and flavorful. I felt lucky that I came in for a quick brunch that day. He's always thinking something delicious and "hangover friendly" on the weekends. My latest crush is Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken Sandwich. "Oh, what's that?", you might ask. Well let me tell you, my friend. That's a sandwich comprised of warm, sliced chicken, a sweet apricot bbq sauce, sauteed spinach, sharp, tangy feta cheese, and a garnish of onion and cilantro (I usually skip the garnish due to personal taste). The sweet and tangy combo is AMAZING. I highly suggest  it. You might, also, want to give their onion rings a try. I'm not a huge fan of onion rings, but Switch makes some darn good ones. Did you think I wouldn't comment on their drinks? To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of Switch's drinks. I always have to upgrade my alcohol selection and ask for less syrup in order to avoid Hangover City. When I do order a beverage, I tend to go with a Drunken Italian Soda. If you're looking for a nice lunch or dinner spot that isn't too hard on the pocket book, give Switch a try. Their affordable, and creative meals will make you make that Switch!
4	This restaurant is great.  When you walk into it you feel like you could be in any city, SF, NYC, DC...its swanky, hip and the food is delicious.  The only time you realize that you are in fact in Phoenix is when the bill comes and you realize that you and a friend ate appetizers, salad, entrees and coffee for the price of one drink in any of the other previous mentioned cities.  We happned upon this restaurant on the recommendation of the hotel receptionist.  basically our only criteria was someplace close...as we had to drive a few hours to Globe Arizona that night.  (now if you are wondering, hmm, globe where is that...its the middle of nowhere and no you haven't heard of it)...Our hotel lady said the name is "switch like a lightbulb" after going though I believe "Switch" may have another meaning...we are glad she mentioned it as its unlikely we would have found it ourselves, its so small and dark from the outside.  Anyway, there are many small plates, to which we had three.  (too much)  The rissotto balls were outstanding.  the chicken appetizers were ok, good but nothing fancy.  I ordered a cucumber salad as well.  And the chicken came with a side cucumber salad thing which I thought was the salad but another much bigger one came a few minutes later.  The ceaser salad looked good and I think was like 2.75...no really, you read that right.  The entrees were yummy, a au jus type of sandwhich and I got some pasta special....all very good. And the best part, if I checked in I got 10 dollars off.  All of this food, plus coffee came to 42.00.  The drink menu looked yummy, full of fancy cocktails, but we couldn't partake...as we had to drive to Globe Arizona...but we ordered two coffees to keep us awake...because the ride is boring to globe...only weird thing, no to go coffee cups, wtf?  The patio looked very cute but I think its for smokers...All in all, i'd be back to switch. Id even be back if it was located in San Francisco...
5	Had dinner at Swtich on a Friday evening while I was in town visiting some friends for a long weekend.  It was a little chilly outside so we sat inside, but the outside patio looked amazing.  The inside of Switch was very modern and had a cool vibe to it.  I started off with a Red Switch Sangria Cocktail which was infused with Apples, Blueberries and Strawberries, and ordered the Fresh Mozzarella Salad for my dinner which included roma tomato, basil pesto, garlic croutons, olives, red onions, field greens and of course Mozzarella toped with a balsamic honey vinaigrette.  The drink and the dinner were quite tasty. Can't wait to go back when I visit Phoenix again!!!
4	I've dined at Switch several times over the last 2.5 years.  My first visit was actually the Yelp Elite Black & White Party.  They were out to impress that night, and certainly did!  Thomas was a fabulous host and the party was a blast!Lately, I've been meeting clients or friends for lunch or grabbing to-go when I've pulled an extra long day at the office.  I've tried many things that have all been great, but keep going back to the same item- Pamplona Veggie Burger.  It is AMAZING!!  It's a black bean, soy patty with corn in it as well.  The burger includes shredded spinach, sun-dried tomato spread, aioli & chipotle sherry dressing, and topped with an onion ring.  I always add goat cheese.  I was hesitant to order a veggie burger, since I eat all types of meat.  I cannot be more happy that I did!Switch offers modern decor, low lighting, and friendly service.  This is a fabulous sister business of FEZ.  Mark Howard and his team continue to do a superb job!
2	I used to LOVE this place for brunch, but had not eaten there for at least a year until just recently...the food was so-so, almost IHOP quality. I should have just gone to Gallo Blanco down the street for better breakfast food, but I missed their potatos and patio seating. The only thing going for our meal were the $3 carafes of bloody mary's. Our waitress was also a little stale...I know it was an early Sunday morning, but other tables seemed to have livelier wait staff.
5	Finally made it over to this place after hearing it was the shiznit. Yeah, I said shiznit. Nice and quiet in here, kinda dark but very relaxing. Service was good and food was amazing! A great place to get a good burger or something a little fancier. There menu has a little bit of everything. I will be back!
5	5 stars for a few reasons: 1) the staff was nice, 2) the shiraz was great, 3) the meal was for this type of place, 4) the music was characteristic of this style of restaurant but not too loud as is typical, 5) the chef came out to ask what I thought of the steak & his passion for the food was really evident.
5	Absolutely love the food that Switch has to offer me. I don't think I've ever tried something on the menu that I wasn't absolutely satisfied with. Oh wait, I remember one thing, their martini, but I'm pretty sure I'm just not a martini drinker so that's why I didn't like it.I love that they have monthly specials and I make an effort to try them out once a month. Their daily $3 drink specials is so awesome!!! The service has always been good to me.If you haven't checked out Switch yet then you are for sure missing out so get your butt over there and dig in.
4	downtown jewel! The Amsterdam pasta is a must!! The fries are my fav and they have awesome specials throughout the week!  Great date restaurant or nice spot for drinks with friends!
5	Tried this spot yesterday for Friday drinks with my coworkers.  We got there a little after 4p.  The happy hour specials are amazing.  I loved the margarita sunrise.  it's a great drink for $3.  The appetizers were served family style and there were plenty for our table of six to share.  The service was also great.  Although some of the specials didn't start until 5p, our waitress gave us the happy hour price for our orders as soon as we got there! I'll definitely be back!
4	4 stars for the food, ambience, and brunch. The service is always less than stellar.  Went today for brunch and had the worst service yet. Waited 15 minutes for acknowledgment by the waitress.  After another 15 minutes we got our food but still had no drinks.  Cancelled our bloody mary carafe but got charged for it anyway.  Got our mimosa carafe 5 minutes later-it should have been free but of course was not.  We never received so much as an apology from the waitress-the host ended up being more polite and taking better care of us. It's disappointing that we keep having such poor service because the food is so damn good.....Many of my friends have had similar experiences-not sure what it will take to see the service improve.
5	We took friends from out of town to Switch tonight and had a large party. Not only were the staff friendly and eager to help, but they got us in and were able to seat us within a few minutes. That is incredible as they are always busy. Tonight the special was gnocchi and it was fantastic. The service was great and very attentive too. I also tried their very own Sangria and loved it. I will be back. Next time with more friends.
5	Update from previous review-Tom (the owner) contacted me and we exchanged a few emails about my experience, how hard it is to manage and develop staff, etc.  He was apologetic and we have a carafe on the house the next time we visit.  I think it's great that Tom contacted me, and other Yelpers, to make things right.  Thanks Tom!
5	One of my top places in the Valley.  Great food and drinks - try the sangria.  Good service and a really nice ambience in the place.  Mixed crowd which always seems to get along well.  A communal dining area, nice for singles or small parties.  The cookie dessert is very decadent.   Open and serving late too which is a plus since most every decent eatery shuts down by 9 or 10 in this town.
3	UPDATE - The owner contacted me in regards to my review and has been pro-active in providing some better training for the wait staff. I haven't been back to verify any improvements but the fact that the owner is trying says a lot I think. Original Review: The good....Food and Menu Options? YES! All the food we had was delicious and they had some nice choices. Good Prices? YES! Brunch was very good and the prices of carafes was really good.The bad....Service? Meh... perhaps we just got the slow waitress. It seemed to take forever to get our food and drinks on Sunday morning. Then when we requested our checks it took her over 15 minutes (we almost just left) but we instead decided to stand by the register waiting to pay...then she shorted our friends change by $12 so lucky he counted it before we walked off. She was very apologetic about the delay but if the tip hadn't been included in our check (we had a large group) we probably wouldn't have left her one or at least not much of one.With that being said, I will still try this place again even with our bad service experience and give it a chance to get more stars as it has the potential for at least a 4 star if not 5. So give it a try if you are in the area :)
5	All menu items we've chosen have been AMAZING. This is my new favorite spot for burgers, they are the BEST! Each night of the week they have a specific food and drink special. Service is always great. Servers and bartenders are friendly. Vibe is very chill.
5	I am honestly quite baffled by a few reviews on here!  I have been going to Switch for a while now and I go regularly.  I love their unique soups and the fact that they now carry gluten free buns for your enjoyment (and I am sick of eating "lettuce wraps" at other places because I have to eat gluten free)  There is an additional charge for the gf bun but it is very, very good!Love the hummus plate and they always sub cukes for me (gf)........yum!  The weekends are dangerous with the HUGE carafes for $3!  OMG........get a DD already!  Their brunch items are excellent and the quiche is made with a potato crust so, again, I can eat it!  Thank you Switch!  I bring friends here all the time and they always make us happy.
4	Ok, I'm torn.  I dig this the atmosphere, with its trendy vibe and blue lights and the super rad lamp at the end of the bar.  The drinks are very tasty, and happy hour lasts until 6:30.  I usually get the red sangria or one of their drunken Italian sodas (Italian soda with vodka, yes!!)...I plan on ordering the Blackberry Kir Royal next time, however, cause it sounds fancy and yummy. I took myself on a brunch date here once and ordered a mimosa for 3 bucks, and when it came out is was an entire carafe...for THREE DOLLARS!  My challenge to this place is for them to kick it up a bit as far as the food goes.  I mean, it's not bad...but when I think to myself "Self, where would you like to grab a bite to eat?" this place isn't on the top of my list.  I want food that makes me salivate when I think about it. I want a place that calls to me from afar, tempting me to rush back in.  The service is usually pretty good, especially when Chrissy is serving it up.  As far as vegan fare, they had an amazing vegan chili for the month of January...but if they wanted, I would totally be ok with them putting it on the menu for realsies.  I am able to veganize a fair amount if their food (pitas and salads), and they have a black bean soy burger that can be made vegan if you get it without the bun and aioli.  All in all, we will definitely be back, as we like to support local and lgbtq businesses.  :)
5	I love Switch. I really do. In fact, it makes my boyfriend jealous.Came here last night, again. Monday nights are $5.55 burgers and $3 house cab or chardonnay.I got the veggie burger, added the individual side of hummus ( I LOVE their hummus!), also got a mixed fry basket (half sweet potato, half wedge) and a blackberry kir royale ($6).This is my go-to restaurant.Weekends are $3 carafes bloody mary's or $6 carafes mimosas. Oh, and the breakfast burrito- they must put addictive substances in it because something so simple should not be so sublime.Go!
3	The food here is always good.  I never have had a problem with the food at all.  But the service can be hit or miss sometimes.  I have had great servers that pay attention to us and then we have had horrible servers who seem less than thrilled to be there.
4	Great food, a lot of thought goes into menu. Really good happy hour. I like the atmosphere as well. Great place.
4	So we were looking for a restaurant to have dinner before we hit the Kathy Griffin event at the Comerica.  Being suburbanites, we wanted to eat at a restaurant that was definately Central Phoenix.  No chains for us tonight.  This place is a great place.  Not too large, but offers a patio in the back, this Central Avenue restaurant is a short walk from the Encanto Boulevard light rail station.  One suggestion on Friday (or Saturday) night dining: make reservations.  My better half suggested this the day before and I'm glad he did.  There was a wait for people without reservations, but when we showed up, our table was waiting for us.  The server was very nice and attentive and the food was very good. The atmosphere was hip, slightly dark, but comfortable. We sat at a table for 2 near the bar and didn't feel overcrowded.  I highly suggest this restaurant if you have never been.
5	This place is great.The decor and atmosphere is cozy and hip. We had a couple of their house drinks. Me: the blueberry cosmo, my hubby the dark and stormy. Delish. We also shared a basket of wedges which I HIGHLY recommend. My hubby had the mac and cheese w/ classic (yes classic) bacon. He loved it, even the next day. He said his fave thing about it is that the cheese stayed creamy throughout the entire meal, it never got hard. I had the lobster and seafood crepes. Um, yeah. So incredibly delicious. The desserts were great too. red velvet cake and fruit crepes. Mmmmmmmm......
5	Finally made it to Switch! The sangria is a must, and the flavors of the Amsterdam Pasta are so well-developed!
4	Yay-a short walk off the light rail.Yay-decent drink specials and a nice happy hour.Yay-open till midnight for late night downtown noshing.Yay-service is almost always impeccable-with explainable lapses few and far between.My only real "complaint" is they screwed with my favorite appetizer-the Apricot BBQ Chicken Skewers/Pops. The sauce is to die for-first they were flat grilled skewers-awesome. Then they rolled them up into a Popsicle looking piece of grilled chicken-OK, a little odd but still tasty. THEN...they breaded the chicken. Ewww. The best BBQ sauce on the planet can't save these things. I asked my server why tamper with perfection, and he said that most customers like it better.Ah well-won't keep me from going there ever again. Maybe just less often. Sell the Apricot BBQ sauce-you could make a fortune!
4	Excellent food and wonderful atmosphere!  I had the spartan pita and the person I was with had the french dip sandwich.  The food was very creatively put together and very fresh.  I would have given it 5 stars...except that the service was unusually slow.Will definitely return to check out some of the other dishes!
5	Love Switch!  Great food and really great staff (except Amy, but just avoid her).  Favorite food:  Caesar, mac and cheese, chicken pops (amazing appetizer), divine fries and onion rings, and killer burgers.  And the brunch - heaven!  The Switch french toast with fig and blueberry syrup is epic.
5	Great food, service was excellent.  Great atmosphere, deffinately worth the money.
4	Love the venue and the service, but food was not spectacular.  Sat and had a couple beverages in the side-by-side leather seats. Very cool and intimate, nice vibe here. Wife LOVED her red sangria, and they had some really good craft brews that kept me happy. Server was friendly and attentive. My burger was prepared just as I ordered, and was solid.  Wife's pasta with salmon was just o.k. - nothin' special. Fun place to hang.
5	The waiter got the drink wrong: "up" means served strained without ice, not on the rocks, but I was happy about the mistake, The Salmon melted in my mouth and the bread pudding made me fat for hours, but was so worth it.  Great atmosphere and none of our plates were empty when taken away.  I would definitely go back.  Good service, great food, fun atmosphere.  Great flexible hours on a Sunday.  GO !
5	So, there is a strong possibility that I am in love!  This place is great!  I walked in thinking that I was just going to have a couple of drinks, but when I saw that they had an individual starter and sides section in the menu I got excited!  So that means that I can try several different items without completely breaking the bank?  I started with the sun dried tomato risotto.  OMG...loved it!  Will go back for that.  I was actually full after that, but indulged and ordered another one!  I also ordered that and the mac and cheese too!  The mac and cheese was good, but I really wanted to lick my bowl after the risotto.  My husband ordered the Switch burger that was recommended by our wonderful server.  Delicious!  It's at the top of my list for best burgers!  They have a great happy hour with certain drinks at less than $4 and an appetizer option for a discounted price.  Our server Josh was great and the ambiance was contemporary too.  I will be bringing my friends here!
4	Dinner was absolutely delicious. Not a single complaint about the food. The ambience was very nice; this would be a great after-work place with a long table in the middle and comfy chairs for large crowds. There is also outdoor seating. Prices were good. My only complaint was the service. We had to wait a very long time for our waiter to appear and then had a long wait for the bill. Another server actually cleared our table and brought me a box, as we were obviously ready to leave.
4	I went here for happy hour with a long time friend. I wanted to try something new and Switch totally fit the bill.First off, their happy hour is A-mazing! I had two glasses of white sangria that were just perfect. My friend and I shared the cheese and fruit plate because it was on special. It was nice to try everything, and since it was on special it made everything taste better.For my meal I had your traditional cheeseburger, and it was very good. I had half to take home which made for an excellent lunch the next day. The only thing about the place that was a little strange was the crowd. I expected for having such an awesome happy hour it would be busier, however it was kind of dead. I even saw a group of people be seated and abruptly leave. It was kind of strange. Perhaps it was just an off night. This is definitely a place I would go to again!
4	I can't believe I've never reviewed switch! Switch is pretty solid when it comes to food and service.  I've only eaten here for dinner once, but their lunch and happy hour are both very good. I work about a block away, so it's a great place to grab a bite, and they usually can get you in and out of there in an hour.  So far I have tried the black bean veggie burger and the Caprese sandwich, both are delicious! They have wedge and sweet potato fries which makes it really hard to choose, but after trying both I prefer the wedge fries which is surprising for me, but they're really that good!  Yesterday the table next to me ordered the mac n cheese, it looked fantastic! I'll be giving that a try soon.  The girls and I decided to splurge at lunch yesterday and ordered the red velvet cake.  I'm not a huge cake fan, but this was very moist and had just the right amount of sweetness. Another quick tip for switch... they take reservations, even for lunch!
5	Excellent service and food.  Will not come back to Phoenix withouth stopping in here.
5	Great happy hour! Our waiter Tim was by far one of the BEST waiters we've ever had. Highly recommend!
4	Extremely good $5.55 burgers on Mondays. Be careful though. They come with a side salad. Any other side brings you up a few bucks. The other dishes we have had there have all been really good. Nice presentation and decent price. The sign facing Central Ave. needs to be lit though. When meeting people there, they drive by it many times...
4	Great atmosphere. Food good. Service even better. Jacob rocks!
5	In town on business and a friend recommended this place. I must say the food & service was outstanding! Had the Thai tacos for an app and the Cowboy burger as my entree. I'm from TX and have eaten a lot of beef in my time and their burger was damn good! Has my seal of approval.
4	My wife suggested Switch for brunch on a Saturday morning.  We were quickly seated and beat the late rush, which always starts a meal right.  We were given good service, good drinks, and good food.  The restaurant is beautiful and comfortable inside, and has a nice outdoor area as well.  The ambiance is a little trendy, but it was not a deterrent.  Their brunch specials are exceptional and we left quite happy.I had the chef special, a slow cooked pork sandwich, very tasty.  My wife enjoyed the crepes juevos rancheros, which were delicious.  We also shared a carafe of screwdriver, which tasted like it had fresh squeezed OJ, thumbs up.  I have been there once before and have never been disappointed in the food or service.  Thank you Switch, we will be back.
4	I went there with a friend yesterday, I never been there or even heard of it, but it was great.  I had the Mozzarella Caprese Cibata it was unbelievable.  So I cant wait to go back and try something else
1	Wow...I don't even know where to start.  (The beginning...that's usually a good place)So, the little lady and I had just finished up with yoga, and Switch was in the very near vicinity,  so we figured it'd be a good choice.  Wrong.  We were greeted in a somewhat timely fashion and seated.  Then we waited for a while...and then a little more.  The hostess was wiping off a nearby table and asked if we had been helped yet, and when we said no, she went to find our server.  Apparently he didn't know we were his table.  Ok, it's happened to me before, I'm willing to forgive.  Our server, Chris, came over and we ordered our food and drinks.  He came back with our bevs and then he didn't stop by again until food came out, meanwhile we had pushed both of our empty water glasses and my empty coffee mug to the end of the table...hoping that he would get the hint.  Nope.  Then the food came and he finally asked if we wanted more to drink.  He dropped off water and coffee and was gone until the END of our meal (which wasn't even good).  Was this a joke?  He comes over and says "So, how is everything guys?" My woman replied with "I've had better, can we please get the check?" and he didn't even ask what was wrong.  He brought the check and we were going to split it down the middle, and he said they were having system issues and couldn't split it.  Fine, one card...just get us the eff outta here!  When he brought the card back he literally tossed it on the table and told us to have a good day as he was walking away.Yeah, where's the manager?  I told the manager all about our sucky experience and our even suckier server.  I was given some excuse that their computer systems were down due to a hacking of sorts and blah blah blah...give me a break.  I understand things running a bit slow due to a computer problem, but NEVER coming to check on our meal and us having to ask a different server to please get us condiments and then to not even acknowledge when we tell you we've had better...that's not a computer issue.  That's a server who doesn't care about good business and doesn't know how to do his job.  We were given a comp card for the next time we come in, but really I doubt that will happen.   It's a shame, because I really do love supporting local gay businesses.  But they make it so damn hard with their declining service and mediocre food.Switch, our relationship must come to an end, because when it comes down to it...it's not me, it's you.
4	It's hard to believe it's been almost four years since I wrote my first review of Switch. Since then, I've probably been to Switch 25+ times, largely because I now live a few blocks away but also because it's a consistently reliable place for a meal, drinks or both. Some of my Switch favorites: *The Mozzarella and Chop Salads - unlike some other local restaurants that will go unnamed, Switch's salads aren't all overly sweet (I am so sick of strawberries and candied walnuts!). These two, in particular, are hearty but still have feel light and fresh. Even the salad that does have the fresh fruit and candied nuts (the House) does a little differently, with fresh blackberries and raspberries and delicious fried onion straws. *The two seafood appetizers (Lobster/Crab Puffs and the Sesame Shrimp) - the first is rich and really satisfying with a light drink and the shrimp are very fresh and flavorful with an Asian kick. *The veggie burger - so delicious. We were surprised to find out the veggie burger wasn't made in house because it certainly tastes like it is. It's very filling and doesn't fall apart like most, but still isn't overly formed or artificial. *Amsterdam Pasta - this is a little heavier than I normally order, but they do a great job making the sauce creamy without overwhelming. Extra points for the truffle oil :)*Cheap-ass brunch carafes - while the size of the carafes has reduced in the past few months, you still can't beat $3 Bloody Mary carafes (serve about 3) and $6 mimosa carafes. How many lazy Sunday afternoons have I spent downing 2 (or 3) of these delicious concoctions. Some of the improvable aspects of the experience: *The brunch service experience - while I understand it must be frustrating to serve super cheap carafes, they're on the menu and people are there at your restaurant, instead of somewhere else in CenPho with almost-as-cheap drinks. So suck it up and don't act like I'm some cheapo or that I can't make a request simply because I'm paying a small amount for booze. Last time I went, I asked for a glass with a salted rim with my Bloody Mary carafe and was refused. Another time, my friend asked for pineapple juice in the Cape Cod carafe and got a lot of attitude about "changing something that's already cheap." Even if he were charged extra (which is fine), the server could have just said that and made the whole thing a lot less awkward. *The overly-sweet specialty drinks - most of their daily drink specials are really sugary, with tons of grenadine and syrups. I wouldn't mind seeing just a good old vodka soda every now and then. *The martinis - I've ordered a dirty martini a few times there and I never will again. Must be the olive juice? *The brunch food menu - It's quite small and has few vegetarian options. Could definitely be expanded. I definitely won't stop going to Switch, especially since it's so close, and I've had so many great experiences there, but I'd like to see them invest a little time in fixing some of the cons.
4	Came here as a travel weary businessman on the road and was craving something healthy in the form of some greens & protein. It was a bit hard to find off Central and had to do a few u-turns before finding the place. There's some parking in the back of the restaurant.There's a nice little outdoor patio area where I would have sat down, if it wasn't super hot that night. The waiters & hostesses were quick to sit me down and take my order and overall was a pleasant experience. The summer salad that I had was pretty amazing too. Added some chicken to that and *boom* a great salad. The only thing that was odd was the ambiance of the restaurant. The walls are painted black and they tried to go for a "loungy" look even though it's not *really* a lounge. I kinda wish it was more bright in the seating area...
3	Nice, relaxing, place!  Can here from out of town (OK, San Francisco--if you must know) for a business meeting across the street.  Stopped in here with some associates to stragegise and discuss before heading off to the meeting.  The decor is nice, the place was fairly quiet (it was like 2:30 PM) which was perfect for our needs.  We had the baked lobster and crab puffs for a starter and then I had the house burger.  All in all, pretty decent.  Our waiter was also very nice.  I'll be back.
5	Highlights: Good food, low price, drinks are inexpensive.The switch burger is a must, if your searching for the best tasting burger?It is not the easiest to find this place, the parking is in the back so be prepared to search for this place, but worth the effort.
5	So good!  $3 Carafes of Cape Cods.  What a deal and they had a kick.   I had chicken and risotto and my friend had salmon eggs benedict.  Both were delicious.  Ended with Fairytale brownie dessert which was well worth ditching the diet for.  Good stuff.  Check it out!
4	Good food. Very cute atmosphere. The servers are always friendly and know the menu pretty well. I've been here a few times for lunch and liked it. I would love to try it for happy hour or in the evening. There seems to be a good drink menu and lots of wine options. But, during lunch I can never try the alcoholic options. ;)It's on my list of places to try in the evening. Highly recommend!
2	Came here on a weekend evening to grab a bite and some needed beverages. We ordered a bottle of wine and started out with their app special, the fried green tomatoes.  This was def the best part of the meal.  They were pretty yummy.  I had the seafood crepes as my entree and wasn't expecting and didn't like the cream sauce.  It was too heavy.  My husband had a turkey panini of some sort which was pretty good but you can't really go wrong with a sandwich.  I wasn't super impressed with the food or the ambience so not sure if I'll be back.
4	The bruschetta is great ! Bread is amazeballs !
4	Love this place! I've been here for brunch, lunch, happy hour, and dinner.  Great menu selections, awesome specials, friendly service, classy simple ambiance, fantastic wine and cocktails.  I especially like the  screwdriver and cape cod $3 carafes they offer on Saturday and Sunday mornings. I've tried many items from their menu and have never been disappointed.  The reason I did not give 5 stars is because my most recent visit: Met a group of 5+ friends & we were told that we'd have to dine outside on the patio due to the large number in our party and no tables available inside. I understand that it was a weekday/lunch hour, however it was hot.  Nonetheless, all my previous visits to Switch have been fun, budget friendly & an enjoyable culinary experience!Like them on Facebook to keep up with all their specials!
5	This has become my go to restaurant for burgers. It all started with just wanting a cheap burger alternative to fast food. Mondays their burgers are $5.55. Great! Little did I know it would become my favorite burger ever! I'm referring to the Switch house burger. Ordered medium rare it come out a perfect pink inside and super juicy. Only once has it not come out as ordered and they were happy to take care of it for me. I have had other dishes there that were very good. They have food and drink specials every day. Very reasonable prices and excellent service.
5	I love their menu - they have about 20 different types of panini-style sandwiches for about 9 dollars each! and their cocktail menu and entrees are awesome!!!!  awesome atmsophere
4	I went here tonight with a g/f and got the house salad (delicious!) wine and creme brulee for dessert.  All of it was excellent.  Very cute atmosphere.  They had an interesting menu with other things I would love to check out.  I would definitely go back again.
4	Sometimes the drink specials miss the mark...best to order your go-to standby cocktail to accompany some tasty food. It's not even necessary to wander from the appetizer menu to satisfy.
4	We had a brunch TechPhx meeting here, and Switch was suggested by a friend. The reviews were also encouraging. I was not disappointed! It's very hip and trendy inside, and unlike other wine bars I've been to (I'm looking at you Postino's in Gilbert), the music was loud, but not so loud I had to scream at everyone. It also wasn't as busy which could have also been a factor. The food- pretty amazing. I had the breakfast Gallette, which was a pastry filled with bacon, cheese, and veggies topped with a fried egg. NOM. You get plenty of food for the price as well. I definitely would like to go back and explore more things on the menu!
5	We had walked out of and turned down 3 places to eat before we found this place.  What makes this place different is the Brunch/Dinner Menu.  We met the Chef (Jason) after our reviews to the waitress (which I'm sorry I can't recall her name but she saved the day) and both of their service was through the roof. We had the Green Fried Tomatoes, Cast Iron Clams, Sonoran Beef Short Ribs and we will tell you being FEZ fans, this place was UNREAL.....It's reall food, old style downhome good food.  Trust me on this one.  The Clams flavors were through the roof....we drank the remainder of the buttery/wine sauce.  STILL DROOLING A DAY LATER.The Fried Green Tomatoes....JUST GET THEM, it's the first time I ever tried them and my wife loves them....well I'm a bigger fan than she is now.....GET THEM!!!!!!!What makes a difference in food is the passion and history behind the chef.  He came out and met us and thanked us and that spoke volumes.  This place has food and we were looking for food...not salads, pizza, flat breads and only sandwiches in the mid afternoon on a Saturday.  This chef is doing his job and it shows in his presentation, food and efforts.  We can't thank you enough.  You are doing a great job and we'll push as much your way as we can.Thank you and by the way...................Your Mozzarella is UNREAL......Thanks for your fabulous service and passion......Todd
4	My husband and I have been going to Switch for the past three years and the food and service never disappoints us.  We love the happy hour with vintage drinks and yummy appetizers.  The decor is modern yet comfortable with a nice outside patio.  I highly recommend stopping by for drinks with friends or for a scrumptious dinner for two
4	Their lobster & crab mac n cheese is a dish I like to categorize in my prestigous "jizzing in thy pants worthy" Nomnomlicious as it is though,  as a college student with an empty/dusty wallet that is always there to remind me that I, 99% of the time, am not allowed to indulge and happily jizz my pants, I cannot get what jesus christ probably ate at his Last Dinner. Fear not though, that's where their daily specials save the day and for roughly less than 10 bucks, I can satisfy myself with their filling and hearty bruschetta while my boyfriend makes love to his beloved drunk italian sodas in a way I've never been treated to before.
5	Switch has been my favorite restaurant for every and any meal since 2008 when I moved to Phoenix. Always have the best service (LOVE YOU DUSTY!) and the food has never been anything less than exceedingly delicious. It also is not expensive. My  menu favorites include the jalapeno and bacon clams (the bread is unreal), BLT sandwich, turkey and brie gallette and pretty much any of their weekend brunch specials. My only suggestion is that they start serving brunch 7 days a week!
5	Great atmosphere, drinks, and food.  Can't ask for much more...
4	I went to Switch with my husband to celebrate the anniversary of the day we met. We were looking for a spot downtown to eat that wouldn't cost too much and decided to try Switch.The location is nice and the atmosphere is great. they have a patio out back and an open dining room with strategically-placed decor to create a more intimate feeling.To start, we ordered the sun dried tomato risotto. The portion was much larger than I expected for $3.95 but the dish was just okay. I tried the martini of the night but didn't like it so we switched drinks. For the main course I had the chicken pot pie galette and my husband had the turkey and brie galette. I really liked mine but there were too many veggies in it. A good chicken pie needs only flaky pastry, rich gravy and tender chicken--not peas, corn and tomatoes. The seasonal side dish was sauteed pea pods with onions. It was unexpected and surprisingly delicious. My husband's galette was good. In fact, it was even better than mine. You're probably wondering why I'm giving this place four stars and the answer is SERVICE! Since moving to Phoenix, I've found most places lack skilled wait staff and management who know how to effectively run a place and take care of their customers. Our waiter was a little late bringing my second drink. I'd only just started to wonder what was taking so long when he showed up with the drink and said it was on him. I don't remember his name but he had a killer mustache. Taking care of your customers makes them want to come back even if they didn't like everything they ordered.I'll definitely go back to Switch. They have amazing specials every day and their burgers looked delicious. Go to this place!
4	Service can be slow at times, even when the place is empty. Other than that... I've never had a bad meal, in fact most of them have been spectacular. The only bad experiences I've had have been how long it takes to get through a meal. Food comes out very slowly, and it takes forever to get a check unless you ask for it upfront.Slow service aside, I constantly recommend this place to everyone that frequents central Phoenix. It is a great little spot to get an awesome burger.
4	I was planning on going to Durant's to try a steak out and ended up trying switch next door. We ended up trying to go with a healthier choice and unlike most places their salads and wraps were tops in my book. My girlfriend had some martini she loved and the lettuce wraps were really really good as well as the taco.Here is some info:Switch lettuce wraps - 5/5 first ones I loved but I am not an expert on the matter. roasted peppers and cheese were excellent additions.Thai tacos - 5/5 I can't imagine someone could say it needed this or that, just right on the money.Switch Salad - 5/5 if I could make salad like this I would eat it a ton more.Sangria Salad - 4/5 my girlfriend had this and said it was great but I didn't try it.Switch citrus drop martini - 5/5 my girl said she loved it.
3	Came here for dinner before going to Foster the People concert...this was closest to the theater so I guess that's why the host picked it. This place is pretty nice...I like the arrangement of black couches on one side of the restaurant which was right next to our long high center table. Very unique and feel to this place. Now onto the food...While my bf and I were waiting for the other people to arrive so we ordered the Lobster and Crab Puff....which was amazing! for 12 bucks they gave us 6 really good sized flaky puffs loaded with crab and lobster meat and this amazing sauce...ohhhh baby! this is a must try! Next for the entree...I ordered the Crispy Risotto Croquettes - it's an appetizer but i just ordered it as an entree....since I was going to share the Sororan Beef Short Rib.. When you eat the Crispy Risotto Croquettes alone - - it's not as good but if you eat it with a piece of meat - - it makes a very big difference....it's kind of bland by itself so the meat adds a good taste to it. The pesto aioli sauce that comes with the Crispy Risotto isn't as tasty as it sounds. As for dessert, I ordered the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough...oh my my was it heavenly! soft cookie dough baked into a bowl and top with a scoop of ice cream....simple yet so delicious! Overall I was pretty happy with the taste of the food...a bit pricey though....the service was pretty good too... and they allowed individual checks....so if you went in a large group they allowed everyone to get their own checks...usually restaurants don't do that.
4	I've been trying to make my way through the list of Devour Phoenix restaurants and Switch was my latest dig. My partner and I went here on a Saturday evening and were both pleasantly surprised. It was still early enough that it was not very busy and our waiter was both delightful and extremely attentive. As for the food, I tried one of the day's specials, the Asian Salmon Burger. It was delicious! It came with a side salad that had a mayonnaise-based salad dressing. It was nothing special, but still it tasted good. Sadly, I tried their red sangria, and I must say that as an avid sangria fan, I really did not like it. It was way too sweet and I am not a huge fan of sickeningly sweet beverages. However, my partner had the martini of the week, a watermelon infused something or other, and he really enjoyed it. I'm not a fan of gin, so I can't really vouch for it, but like I said, he really enjoyed it. For dessert, we went with the weekly special, strawberry shortcake. It was light and airy and we devoured it within minutes. It was just the right ending to a perfectly pleasant meal.   Although it is unlikely that we will make Switch one of our regular restaurants. We will definitely be back to try more of their dishes and would definitely recommend it to anybody looking for a new restaurant to try!!!
5	This casual and fun restaurant offers great food. Their burgers are excellent, and, don't forget the wedge fries. The prices are good. The atmosphere fun, with a friendly wait-staff. The menu offers a large selection of both casual and up-scale entrees. The atmosphere is fun and there is a full bar. This a great choice in central Phoenix...
4	I really like the atmosphere.  We started with the cheese and fruit plate that was on special.  It was really good sized and had a lot of variety.  The lobster and crab puffs were really delicious.  For dinner I had the grilled cheese sandwich which was quite delicious.  I can't remember what everyone else had but 3 out of 4 of us really enjoyed our food.  The negative, the service was really really slow.  For 4 people on a Wednesday night with not many people there it took almost 2 hours for our meal.  I really enjoyed myself but probably not going to become a regular staple for me.
5	Well another AMAZING time at Switch...Thank You for the perfect service from Tim Lott....he is the BEST in the business!We took a new friend there last Saturday, and she had a blast...!  Relatively new to Arizona from LA, she was impressed with the urban vibe, eclectic menu and great service from Tim. 2 for 1 happy hour, great apps, non stop attention who would not be happy?   Well I could not say anything that has not been already said....just GO Ask for TIM and enjoy....!
1	Unbelievably rude service. I came here on a Sunday with two friends and we were the first people in the restaurant. We waited at the front for a while and the servers were too busy chatting with each other to acknowledge us so we sat ourselves. Once our server realized we had sat ourselves she had the audacity to tell us to in a very condescending tone to "wait for the hostess in the future". Again, we were the only people there. Do you really think you can be that rude to people when they sit down and expect them to stay?We got up and left, and I will not return. Switch has been officially scratched off my list of Sunday brunches for this ridiculous behavior and I will be sure to tell anyone who suggests we visit in the future.
4	I really dig this place. They have really great nightly specials. I can't get over their Monday Burger Night!! Try the House Switch burger. It rocks.
5	Perfect! Delicious meal, appetizer and desert. Relaxing atmosphere. Olympic gold.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Have been there at least 5 times the past 3 weeks.It was the weekend of my birthday and we were looking for a new place to try downtown. We found Switch based on the reviews from Yelp! From the outside it's so easy to pass. Nothing special about it. I've actually passed there numerous times and never knew it was there! We entered through the parking lot in the back and walked through the adorable patio, decorated with couches, pillows, umbrellas, etc. Too bad it was scorching outside, or else I would've loved to sit there.The service here is always incredible. Servers are friendly and do not bother you during your meal. They seemed very informed about the menu and always sound so excited about the daily special lol. The ambiance inside is so relaxing and hip with the blue lights and leather couches to sit back and have a drink on.The drinks are my favorite part! I've tried the cherry vodka italian soda, sunrise margarita, sangria, and another drink that had lime and mint in it. I'm not one to usually order sangria, but I decided to try theirs since it was the drink of the day, and it was delicious!  They make their drinks strong, let me tell you. No complaints about that!I love their salads, the lettuce wrap appetizer, and every dessert I've tried has been so delicious! Brownie sundae comes in a huge parfait glass and is layered to perfection! My favorite was the white chocolate blueberry bread pudding. Came with ice cream, caramel sauce, and whipped cream! Will be going back for happy hour again soon!
4	Had a great time here with friends. Wait staff was very attentive, and had no problems with our party of 13 splitting the ticket 6 ways. Food was delicious as always, and we received coupons for $5 off on our next visit! Can't wait to go back!
1	We have just returned home from brunch today,  now mind you we have been going to switch for years,  one of our favorite places to eat,  now we live in far north Phoenix and drive down for a good meal,  not today!  We arrived just after noon and there was a little it of a wait,  but that is expected for good food,  which was not the case.  We ordered our favorite appetizer the Baked lobster and crab puffs,  sad to say that they were very fishyand not up to par,  we have had these many times in the past and are usualy amazing,  but not this time.  The mains were the Jalisco panini, the club and the breakfast sandwich off the brunch menu,  Now the Jalisco came out and was what seemed to be cheep deli sliced chicken, and pre-packed avocado on the sandwich, despite the jalipanios it was very bland, the club came out not even what you would thing a club would be, it was just a grilled turkey sandwich.  The breakfast sandwich looked good but on the other hand was quit the contrary.  Now to the part that sparked this review. We were ther for my husbands, and friends birthday,  we ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough, as a birthday desert, witch is usualy the crowning point on the meal,  not today it was the the best part of the meal by far but was still not the norm.Now I don't know if the kitchen was asleep or hung over but it was to total miss on the food.  The wait saff was good and friendly but seemed to be out of sorts.  Even to the fact we were brought food that was to be brought to the table next to us.I am thinking it is time to start looking for a new brunch location, and will not be recommending this place to anyone.  Now they say it is not about advertising but word of mouth,  and I have a big mouth.  Sad to say that Switch used to be a destination eatery,  but at this point still open only on what the name Switch used to bring to mind as far as food and service,  but as most restraunt's after being open for years start to only be a name with a distant memory of great food.  Sad after years, we are going to start looking for a new brunch location.
5	Came here for lunch from work and their service is great!
4	Excellent food!!!
4	Switch, I didn't tell you at the time but we had a pretty serious breakup a while back due to a snotty waiter and discontinuation of the sublime vegetable gallette.  My massage buddy and I decided to give you another chance and went there for brunch a couple of weekends ago.  Because breakfast is THE MOST important meal of the day, especially on Massage day, the expectations were high. You really came through for me with a yummy french toast and coffee that I am STILL raving about (I'm kind of obsessive that way).  Things are on the upswing but we have more to do to completely repair this relationship: put the brunching twosome at a bigger table and bring that damned gallette back!!!  Smooches :)
3	I went here a year ago for lunch with a new friend. The service and food quality was decent enough to justify the prices...otherwise nothing exceptional.  I may or may not go back.
4	I liked this place.  A group of us went for my birthday.  It didn't start off too amazing, but definitely got better.  First I called to make a reservation and they guy was not very friendly... and he said he'd call me back if he had any questions.  Then when we went in, they didn't even have my reservation down, but were able to put us at a table no problem.  From there, things went very smoothly.  The food and drinks were very good.  I was quite happy with the service.  If anything, they lost a star because of the guy that took my reservation and never actually got it right.  Oh well.  No big deal.
2	Bad service - rude and condescending wait staff. Bland wine. Bad food - everything was over salted and greasy. Caters to GLBT. Not my thing. Won't be back. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
5	This restaurant has delicious food and a comfortable relaxing ambiance. I had the country club panini with a side green salad. The dressing on the salad was so good and sweet.My husband had a mushroom burger and I took a bite of it. It was absolutely mouth-watering.
4	Great trendy spot with excellent food.  The mac and cheese was fantastic.  I'd want a big heaping bowl of this comfort food if I was feeling under the weather.   The lobster crab puffs were AWESOME, I'd get them every time.  The assortment of cheese and fruit plate was surprisingly good as well.  Fantastic drink specials, the sangria made me go back for seconds! Go, you'll love.
4	I went to Switch yesterday for happy hour with a friend. We sat in the bar and had fairly good service. I had the margarita sunrise, which was on happy hour for only 3$. It was really good! Lime, strawberry, and orange flavors layered.....pretty great idea. My friend was a little disappointed because their beer list on their website is inaccurate and they don't have any beer on tap, but that's not that big of a deal. We shared the bruschetta and the dragon pita. The bruschetta came in two varieties, a classic tomato and basil and a less classic pimento pepper, artichoke spread, and cheese...both were very tasty. The pita had a really great sauce on it that had a sesame -y flavor and the mint on the sandwich added a fresh flavor to it, but I was a little disappointed because the menu stated it had avocado on it and ours did not. Not the worst thing in the world, but still not how I think it should be. Overall, I did like this place and I would definitely come back here again, especially for happy hour.
4	My friend and I had lunch here last week for the 1st time and it was wonderful. First of all we went around noon so it was quite busy. It was a very professional looking crowd. The enviroment and feel in this place was so modern but relaxed. Once we were seated we met our waiter Angel, who was FABULOUS! He provided us with wonderful service and even dessert advice. The food was fresh, quick and DELICIOUS!!!!!I would recommend this place to anyone and I know I will be going back very soon.
5	Switch is my favourite lunch place within walkiing distance of my office job. Of course it's good for all other meals as well but I try to stay away from the office when I don't have to be there.Can someone say ambiance please? Aaaaahmbiance... This place is beautiful day and night. The ocean blue calming effect just consumes you when you walk in. Have a seat by the windows for the best food photos. Or have a seat toward the center of the restaurant for a more intimate/cozy feel. Service here is alwasy amazing! The servers are alway pleasant, smiley, and patient when you're undecided! Lettuce wraps are amazing. I've had them with both the lamb and the chicken. My favourites are tied at first; Buffalo Bleu Chicken and Spicy Bleu Burger. Yes, I love bleu cheese. All the burgers are really good though. I love them. Really.Eat here. If you are thinking about it and you haven't or even if you have and you just want to basque in the deliciousness. You can trust me. I love good food.
5	I love love love Switch.  I was there two weeks ago for the first time, on a Saturday night after a concert.  My room mate and I were looking for great food and drink specials around 8:00pm..  I reached out to Yelp and was introduced to Switch!The $3.00 martinis (cosmo, lime or blueberry) are the stiffest and tastiest drinks I have ever had, outside of me making them at home.  The blueberry martini is my favorite and it comes with delicious fresh blueberries floating in the bottom of the glass.  The food is delectable, which is why I decided to have my second event for my group: East Coast Foodies on the West: AZ Edition yesterday.  I loved the clams, which came out in a cast iron skillet smothered in a yummy garlic and herb base with tomatoes, corn, and other vegetables with a side of yummy warm crusty bread.I am also a sucker for the moist grilled and marinated chicken breast that is only $3.95 for a nice helping and creamy sun dried tomato risotto croquettes! The ambiance is sexy, chic, and trendy; it reminds me of a lot of bars/restaurants on the East coast where I am from.  I truly felt at home, relaxed, and full. I will be back, soon!
5	I was so pleasantly surprised by this place.  I was worried it would have all the unearned pretentiousness of FEZ.  But the reverse is true.  The staff and patrons here are so friendly and attentive.  Every time I have gone, I have received exceptional service and great tasting food.  The atmosphere is great.  Although I still can't mentally get out of my head where the bagels used to be when it was Bruegger's.  But that's my issue and I wont hold it against them.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I wish I lived closer to it so I could go more often. And I wish the sangria wasn't so good and so strong so that I could actually come here and be able to drive myself home. All of the food is amazing. I've never had anything that wasn't and I've been here countless times. One of my favorites is the Very Berry Turkey sandwich. It is so good. And the portions are huge so I always have half to eat the next day. The red Sangria is also amazing, and again the serving size is incredibly generous. Prices are reasonable, atmosphere is great, service is always wonderful and the food is awesome! I you haven't tried this place you are missing out and I feel sorry for you.
5	Definitely take the locals' word for this place. Switch was amazing!  It had an unexpected warming atmosphere with great wine specials.  I have the apricot barbecue better chicken sandwich, kind of different but great tasting. I hope to come back when I'm in Phoenix.
5	I love this place!  The food is spectacular and the staff is awesome!  Total relaxed atmosphere!  My favorite dish is the cast iron skillet clams!  So spicy with jalapenos, tomatoes and corn in a rich buttery garlic sauce.  I soaked up every bit with the bread that came with.  One of the seasonal chef specials was the fried green tomatoes!  I know this is mostly known as a southern dish, but growing up Italian, it was always a part of our summer meals.  They were prepared so perfectly, my husband and I could not stop raving about them to our waitress!  The chef, Jason Peterson, all of a sudden came strolling out of the kitchen to talk to us!  What a really great guy!  You can tell he has real passion for food.  He talked about his mother being his inspiration and how he pulls from his southern background to create new twists on classic dishes.  The drink specials are an added bonus!  The BEST Bloody Marys, served in a carafe, delivered with beautifully garnished glasses with celery and large green olives!   You can't go wrong here!  If you are tired of all the so called "trendy places" that only offer flatbread pizzas, fancy sandwiches, and gourmet tacos - this is the place to go!
4	one of our favorite restaurants on Central...the food has always been delicious, the happy hour deals are awesome, and honestly, everytime we eat here, we get outstanding service. The prices are super reasonable...the environment is relaxing and stylish. The music is versatile. If you are with a large party, its best to make a reservation...we typically head here on weekends and it has always been pretty busy!
3	So I did a google search for 'gourmet Mac n cheese' in Phoenix and this place popped up since they have 'The Mac N Cheese Plate'. I was really excited to try it since the description sounded great with 3 cheeses and bread crumb topping. I started with a drink called Ting Tang Tini and it wasn't too bad. The service wasn't awesome as our server wasn't the most attentive and she was kind of short with us while we were placing our order (and the restaurant wasn't THAT busy). So I got my Mac N Cheese plate and it looked okay, but nothing fancy and It was hot as lava and stayed hot for at least fifteen minutes, which I found odd because REAL cheese usually cools off faster than that. When it cooled down enough to taste it, I quickly realized that the '3 cheese blend' was really just some sort of plastic-like fake cheese such as Velveeta. There were hardly any breadcrumbs on the top, which was also a disappointment. I don't have a huge problem with Velveeta cheese, but if I am paying $11 for Mac N Cheese, I definitely expect it to be real cheese and somewhat a bit more Gourmet. Other than the disappointing pasta, Everything else was alright-nothing to write home about and I don't see myself going back there any time soon.
4	I really like Switch. The crowd was a nice mix of people which is something I look for in a restaurant. We each started with a side Caesar salad which had an abundance of cheese, it was the best Caesar I've ever had. I ordered the mac & cheese with lobster & crab, it was so cheesy and delicious. I paid extra for the seafood, but they seemed a little skimpy with it. My hubby ordered some spicy burger, don't think he'd get it again.We were seated promptly and received our food quickly. We will be back and next time I'll save room for dessert.
3	Had the Cowboy Burger it was ok the staff was ok I will have to go again in order to give a good review.
4	Our first Switch experience was watching the election results come in with some friends. Small bar, itty bitty really, but we had a great time.Their specials are always really great, drinks and food.  You really can't beat their prices and I've yet to have anything I didn't like.Our service has always been top notch.  The bartenders have been friendly and knowledgeable.  They have always added to our experience and made our time there that much better.I've made the mistake of liking Switch's Facebook page.  Good thing their prices are so great, otherwise I'd end up in the poor house because every time they post the nights specials with a picture of whichever Delicious dish they are featuring I am sold.
5	Great service, tasty food, nice thought out wines by the glass, lots of parking and comfortable ambience
5	Great atmosphere and service, not to mention wonderful food and drink specials, will be a regular at the place for sure!!
5	Consistently delicious.  I go here about twice a month and would go more often but I cannot control myself and would be as big as a house.  Nice happy hour with decent wine by the glass, but the food is the real draw.  The chopped salad is really amazing, as is the apricot barbeque turkey sandwich.  The lettuce wraps are far better than any other place I have tried.  Most evenings in Phoenix are warm enough to sit outside on the patio, which is heated in winter and cooled in summer, and the ambience inside is slick and trendy, but still comfortable.  The waitstaff has always been great, and a special thank you to Tim, who always has good recommendations and delivers them with a fun personality.  If you like sangria, I hear theirs is the best (I prefer plain old-fashioned pinot noir or grigio myself).
5	So I went to Switch and walked into the back door, that faces Central Street and not the cozy entrance that would have been perfect if it wasn't so cozy. I need to come back and hang out in the couch-filled lounge area up front one day. (Has very little to do with the review, except that it must be super nice to hang out and drink outside when the temperature allows for such an endeavor)AmbianceIts dark and cozy, in a hipsteriffic way - but the clientele doesn't shout hipster at all. I really enjoyed how they had the setup of this place, and the design and the atmosphere really works. The staff was way friendlier than the ambiance suggests - which definitely helps with reasons why I will be back. Not saying anything bad about the ambiance, because the place definitely is well thought out and designed - it's just that some people can be intimidated by hipster hangouts. I'm not one of them.FoodWe had sandwiches. I had the Rioja Panini to which I added Prosciutto, and it was fantastic. For a sandwich, it was all I expected and more. Well done, generous enough servings and very very tasty. The presentation didn't lack either, in short this was quite nice.DrinksSwitch have some interesting beverages suggested on the menu. I tried some and they were tasty, quite strong and for $3 before 630. The only complaint I have is that some of their drinks were too strong for my date, (when do you ever get that complaint) but this was rectified as soon as it was mentioned to our server. I would come back for the drinks alone. (Especially if I can hang out in the before mentioned outside lounge area.)ServiceI must say, if any of the categories above would have been negative, it still would be lifted by the service. It was nothing short of stellar. My party had a gentleman that was knowledgeable, opinionated (in an awesome way) and attentive. Yes, he made a faux pas by forgetting our appetizer, but that just left room for the dessert (which he recommended and was awesome). Stellar service, absolutely stellar.Switch just made my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I can see coming here with any kind of party, it really made an impression on me, and I will bring them business. It had that kind of milieu that makes you want to revert to a more polite version of yourself.
4	Switch, I met a good buddy there last weekend for brunch and a $3 bloody (quite possibly the sweetest phrase in the English language).  The special was a skillet with potatoes, eggs, house made pastrami, covered with Benedict...and Holy Crap was it yummy!! I was glad to see that the bar was full and the restaurant was packed at 11am on a Sunday.  I was equally glad that the venture out into the COLD weather was worth it.  NOW, if you would only bring back the vegetable gallette ;)
5	One of my new favorite finds!  I should have paid better attention to the reviews about going in from the entrance that faces Central Ave. though; that's actually the back door.  There's a parking lot off of Virginia Ave. that's much more convenient for the actual entrance. All of the food we ordered was delicious.  Most of the dishes have a little twist on typically standard foods.  I had the chicken pot pie, and it's not a pie; it's the contents of a pot pie on a tasty fluffy pastry.  My boyfriend had the night's special, which was meatloaf with mashed sweet potatoes mixed with roasted red peppers.  The meatloaf had been grilled and was a mixture of beef and pork.  Our server was awesome and knew the ins and outs of the menu.  The decor screams hipster, but the general clientele does not.  Overall great experience and I'm looking forward to going back.
4	Yesterday was massage day and I also have doozy of a cold, so I went with my good buddy to see if I could have something warm and comforting before going back home to my bed.  Our waitress was awesome and totally got what I was going for.  She recommended the Chicken Pot Pie Gallette and it was a winner...warm, filling, and delicious.  She also made me a couple of Hot Toddies that really helped me feel better.  Just fantastic, all the way around!
4	I've been coming here with co-workers for at least two years.   My husband and I were back here in December and I noticed they had made some small changes to the menu.  Specifically my favorite grilled cheese panini with Gouda was gone which forced me to find something else. (Boo!)I decided on the Caprese sandwhich and it was PHENOMENAL.  I gave some to my husband because he was still hungry after eating his meal and I knew I wouldn't be able to finish.  He's not a vegetarian and even he liked it.  It was so good I started ordering the Caprese sandwich at other local restaurants and have yet to find its equal.  All other Caprese sandwiches are now compared to the one at Switch.The atmosphere is always fun.  When I come here for happy hour we usually try to sit outside because they have a cute patio with couches.  The decor inside is a little dark but I like it.
4	The food is always good and the mimosa carafe a nice wash down for Sunday brunch.
1	Worst service in Phoenix.  Waited to be seated for 10 while the servers chatted.  Once seated the server was so rude and  cold.  I'd have left at that point, but was with friends and they wanted to try it as they'd heard good things...they left unimpressed  Food was almost unbearable it was so salty.  This was the second time I've tried  Switch and will be my last.
5	Great atmosphere, amazing food.  The drink menu alone is worth the visit!  We enjoyed the crispy risotto croquettes....delicious!!  We split the Amsterdam Pasta and cleaned the plate.  I read that this place has one of the best mac-n-cheese recipes in two, so we expect to return.  If you are looking for a NICE place to go near the downtown Phoenix area, I highly recommend a visit.
5	Wow, My husband and I have been going to switch for about a year and half now (so my review is way over due).  First off lets start off about the staff. Everyone is so incredible. You will never have bad service. Chrissy is our personal favorite. She has been serving us for a good portion of the year and we absolutely love her. She is fast with bringing drinks recommending food options and creating drinks. Now on to the food, WOW the chef is outstanding he creates magic out of burgers. My husband is obsessed with the  burgers. He loves the cowboy burger. Since he first tried their burgers he will not get anything else. For anyone who doesnt like red meat he also tried the bean burger ( recommendation from Chrissy) and really enjoyed it. I have Never had a horrible meal here and recommend it to every one I know. I have gotten my mom hooked on their mac and cheese she goes once a month with her coworkers. if you are close or far go try switch,( we live on I17 and Jomax and drive al the way down there at least once a week) You wont be sorry!
3	I've grown to like Switch more and more.  Conveniently located right off the light rail (Central and Virginia), it makes a good spot for a weekend dinner or brunch.I've never been let down by the food at Switch... standouts include the baked crab and lobster appetizer and the apricot-BBQ-feta chicken sandwich.I lament about the drinks.  Maybe I've not ordered the right thing, but the few times I've had their drink specials, I can't help but notice they are pre-made and unfortunately taste accordingly.  Service is spot on 4 out of 5 visits and I like the atmosphere, so I'll be back again and again.
5	Oh...My...OH...MY!!!  The Sangria's are to die for!!!  The burgers are fabulous too!
5	Switch is an all time favorite.  We have been there at different times of day and are never disappointed by the food or the wait staff.  If you would like to take the kids, make sure its a lunch.  The night time atmosphere is clearly adult, with techno beats and barely lit ambiance.  For starters I like the Bruschetta Sextet to share. If we are in a small group we will get two and there is usually something for everyone's taste.  Salads are not your normal fare.  The Sangria is a nice summer  lunch with its field greens, grapes, strawberries, almonds, goat cheese and Sangria dressing.  The fresh Mozarella salad is also good, but I'm not a big fan of the honey vinaigrette.  The Super Chop Salad is huge and easily makes a meal and a half.  Burgers.  I am damn picky about my burgers.  The Switch Burger is a monster.  9 ounces of ground Angus beef could clog your arteries.  But the taste is so worth it.  I get mine without the Canadian bacon.  The goat cheese gives it a tangy twist.  The Classic Burger is not far off.  It too has 9 ounces, but you get to choose the normal toppings.  The one that gets high fives in our family is the Cowboy Burger.  Most of the time we go BBQ sauce free.  The bacon, cheddar and garlic aioli all create a taste that we come back for.  Sandwiches?  They have sandwiches.  The Cola braised BBQ Pork, the Mozzarella Caprese Ciabatta, and the Eastport Lobster Roll are all equally yummy.  Alright, the best dish and shining glory of this place is the Lobster and Crab Mac and Cheese.  It is sooooo good.  You know you shouldn't eat it.  Your doctor would probably say it will raise your cholesterol, but who the hell cares.  This is comfort food at its finest.  Dessert is also a trip down sugar coma row.  However, it too is worth it.  We love the Red Velvet Cake, the Creme Brulee, the Fairy Tale Brownie Sundae and, of course, the Bread Pudding.  Each is wonderful for its own reasons.  However, I lean towards the Bread Pudding and the Red Velvet Cake.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  The wait staff is always fun.  The chef knows his business.  And the food is always good.
3	Four of us went here for dinner tonight. We all agreed that the food was decent. It wasn't bad by all means, but it wasn't amazing. The prices were pretty good. The portions were okay - I know most places here in America serve way too much food, but it felt kind of funny to finish a meal and still feel hungry (I almost never finish my entire meal). We probably won't be back unless someone else want to go there, but we definitely don't have anything against this place.
3	Not too much to say since I have been here 2 times.   Once for dinner and 2nd time for breakfast.The first time I had a sandwich which was decent and priced right.the 2nd time was a couple of weeks ago and I went with a large group for breakfast.  I do not eat early in the day but thought if they had something that appealed to me I may order something.  I did not find anything that I wanted and saw that mostly everything on the menu included potatoes.  If you could only order eggs without all the potatoes, etc.I may go back again for either lunch or dinner as the employees were very courteous and friendly.
5	I've been here probably a hundred times. I love it here. With only one exception in the many times I've been here, the service has always great regardless of who our server is. The food is always consistently good, I've tried probably half the menu and have yet to experience something that wasn't enjoyable.I think what really prompted me to write this review (though it's been a long time coming) is that I was working late one night when I saw that the chef had posted a description of that night's special on Facebook. They do it all the time (I assume daily) but this dish really caught my eye. It was an Asian inspired dish which is a bit different than usual. It had chicken meatballs, noodles, veggies and a sweet and spicy broth.I called to order it for take-out and the person on the phone taking my order told me she would have to check if that dish was available for take out since it was soup. She puts me on hold and a minute or two later and Chef Jason himself gets on the phone with me to tell me how he is going to package the dish (noodles/veggies/meatballs in one container and broth in another container) and explains he's doing it that way to keep it from getting soggy and making a mess on the drive home. He even told me how to prepare it when I got home.I loved that he took that extra minute and gave me personal attention that I didn't request or even know I needed. It was that extra care and attention that really set Switch apart from it's competitors.
4	I had a good experience here. I went here for a goodbye happy hour party for a friend. We ended up there on a Wednesday and ordered a ton of apps and drinks.The drinks were ok, they had a nice flavor, but I did not get the buzz I was looking for, so I just drank the happy hour wine. The food was really good though. On Wednesday they have this cheese tray for 5 dollars. It was amazing. You have to get it.The rest of the appetizers were delicious as well. I had these risotto balls. They were so good, I am still thinking about them. Everyone seemed to have a really good time.Its not very baby friendly so I probably won't be back again since she is my foodie and we love to explore new places. If I had a sitter though and was invited, I would def be back.
5	AMAZING food, great atmosphere, and good service.
3	Went here on a double date. I would say that everything was "good". I found it to be a little over priced. Nothing wrong- nothing great.
3	Not bad, but I will not be coming back.  For the price you can find better places.Maybe I just hit them on an off night.
5	This place is amazing! The food is stellar, atmosphere is great and our server, James, was wonderful!
1	Was not sure if we'd be getting service or not.  Came in for dinner & drinks with a small group of ladies and I felt like we were bothering the host and servers for being there.   It took a long time to get menus and once we ordered, it was an hour before we got our food. (3 burgers, 1 salad and 1 mac & cheese).  After awhile the service from our server got a bit better. Food was good.  If you're wanting to sit and wait a long for service & food and don't mind being snubbed by the staff, this is the place for you.
4	Went to this place due to the yelp reviews and also because it is owned by the same owners as Metropolis, a new wine bar cafe in Scottsdale. The food was inventive, which I really liked. We had lettuce wraps with ground lamb, roasted red pepper, goat cheese, cashews and purple cabbage. We also had slow roasted pork with poblano peppers, pickled onions over a corn pudding. Both were delicious. We also tried their chicken pops, which was fried chicken with BBQ sauce. Service was fantastic too. Cool vibe at this place.
4	I've been here twice, and I really enjoy it. I find that a lot of restaurants in Phoenix have issues with check-splitting; however, the wait staff here never has a problem with it and are extremely courteous and polite. I had the Murano Chick and Prosciutto sandwich and a side of mac and cheese. Both were good, although the mac and cheese could stand a little additional seasoning. The time before I had their risotto, which I thought was bland. Everything else I have tried has been delicious though. They have some good speciality cocktails and good specials each week.
4	Would've gave 5 stars, but we waited awhile before being seated, and when asked for outside we got some attitude from the hostess. With that said, waiter, drinks, food, all amazing.
4	This is definitely a new mom review.I like this place, but I don't know if this restaurant really wants to be represented as the cool place to hang out with your little kids. My friend and I went to lunch today and we had great customer service from Jake and good food (Lobster Roll and Salad Special), while enjoying the weather on the patio. Our kids were with us and we we were lucky that there were only two kids since they had one highchair and one booster seat for the entire restaurant! I didn't get a good look inside so I don't know if space is an issue, but at least there was a diaper changing station in the women's restroom. So, I guess you should bring your child's own booster seat if you would like to dine here.Bottom line: Good food, good service, and no one seemed to mind that I used a (clean) child's sock to make a hand puppet to amuse our kids. Just be willing to bring your own booster seat. Or at least one for your kid.
1	As an city dweller, who has been going to Switch for over a year, I'm sorry to say, I'm NOT going back. Two back to back horrible customer service experiences do not make up for a great atmosphere or good food. Wait staff was rude and unfriendly, which doesn't make any sense for a downtown bar. Boo to that!
4	Good food, good atmosphere, would recommend it.  Cant go wrong with what you order.  I have had lunch here twice and have not been disappointed.
4	Fun place, nice patio, and great staff! I went with a co-worker for happy hour. We enjoyed the Wednesday night fruit and cheese plate for $6 (normally $14, it was a steal!) and a couple different mixed drinks. I also couldn't help ordering a glass of wine - they have a great wine list with a few lesser known wine makers who (imho) make some great wines! I'll be back to try the food someday soon.
5	First time at this restaurant. I really liked the atmosphere, it was quiet (for a Thursday night) not too heavily lit, and just generally a nice place to sit and have a good meal. Our waiter was absolutely excellent. Polite, attentive, recommended drinks and specials to us and kept us happy. The food was pretty good, had a slightly different twist on things than I'm used too but was still interesting and tasty. Ordered a bruschetta appetizer that was very good, my date ordered a chicken and risotto plate that he devoured, and I got their chicken pot pie which I found to be a new twist on an old classic. Overall I enjoyed my evening at Switch. Next time I think we will partake in their outdoor patio which looked very quaint.
4	Some friends and I visited here last Sunday prior to a concert at the Crescent Ballroom. The friends arrived early and enjoyed happy hour and said all their food was really good. When we arrived at the end of happy hour, we tried a few different flavors of their vodka italian soda's that were descent. I probably wouldn't order them again and try one of the sangria's or at my friends recommendation, the margarita. I ordered the very berry turkey with side salad and it was delicious!  The bread was wonderful and even the small side salad was really good with their house dressing. That patio is tucked away in the back of the building with cool lights hanging overhead. Service was good though she could have a been a bit more friendly. Looking forward to coming back!
3	I went there for lunch on Saturday. Comfortable atmosphere, good food and attentive service. I had the switch burger - delicious. However, I would hesitate to take my kids there at a later time. There were a bit too many same sex couples openly showing their affections at the lunch hour. I prefer not to have that kind of show, even heterosexual, when I eat, particularly when with my family.
3	I went here with a group of friends to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We brought a cake in with us as we do that for each other's birthdays.  When we first walked in, the first thing we get from the host is that they do not allow outside foods.  We then have to walk all the way back to our car to put the cake away in the AZ heat.  That put a sour taste in my mouth before I even looked inside the restaurant or sat down.  From a far, this restaurant has a nice patio entrance/area perfect for a warm night (if no one ruins it by smoking there).  They do not have a lit up sign of their restaurant that can be easily seen.  However, food is actually really good here.  I had the braised BBQ pork on talera bread and loved it.  It comes with a side of ceasar salad with options to upgrade to fries or sweet potato fries and other sides.  You can expect a tasty variety of sandwiches, burgers and other full meals from this place.  Our waiter was courteous and on top of things too.  Be aware of the 20% gratuity for 6 or more people.  Really?  This is a nice casual place, not a fancy black tie restaurant.  At the end of our meal the birthday person didn't even get a free dessert.  I would normally give this kind of restaurant at least 4 stars...but not tonight.
4	My bf and I went there this past Saturday. We wanted to try something new, and found this lil gem on yelp. All the reviews were good, so we wanted to give it a shot and I'm super glad we did. We sat in the patio which was pleasant. They have lounge patio furniture or tables to suit your mood. My wine was nice and my bfs sangria was good, but a little to sweet for me. The food was Amazing! We split the cheese and fruit plate, and then shared the Market  risotto. It was absolutely delightful. Only compliant, the music selection. It was not "wine bar" friendly in my opinion. It was as if the owner went on vacation and every server had picked the most random techno beat song they has on the iPod. Kind of weird, and not really fitting. Other than that, great place!
5	Bomb.
4	Consistently great dishes and a fair price.  The staff is always friendly and its a trendy setting.The super chop salad is a delicious and healthy way to go.
4	Great service, great food, great price. Lots of gays, just an FYI if ur a single straight male... Like me!!! All good. Place is not that busy, people watching can get boring. Otherwise good safe place to go :)
5	monday burger night is the best, Wednesday sangria is amazing and Margarita Fridays finish the week strong.
4	Rabbit tacos.  BOMB!
4	Good food, good service. I found this restaurant because it was near the hotel I am staying at and thought it would be something that myself and my teenager can enjoy. The menu is on the upscale side but my son found the triple cheese grilled cheese and really enjoyed it. The food was good and both of us had a great meal. Next time I'm in town I would visit again.
4	This place is fantastic! It would get 5 stars if the prices were a little lower. But to be honest, I did not feel ripped off. It was delicious. I got Spicy Blue Cheese burger, really tasty. It has celery, but still really tasty. The Atmosphere is great. So we got there a little early and sat in the waiting area. I was worried that the noise was going to ruin dinner. Once we were seated. That worry was completely eliminated. Had conversations without having to yell or hear the next table. The server was great. He was attentive and listened. We made reservations and forgot to note that someone in our party had a birthday. Once we mentioned it as "It's this ones' birthday." The server took that cue and made sure to get us their birthday special cookie with melting ice cream. I would go back over and over. I really like this place.  If it is not summer, their patio would be awesome to sit and eat at.Yelp also had a $10 off check in coupon for over $50.00, so it made the meal that much sweeter.
5	Checked it out on a whim and was very pleasantly surprised.  Drinks are healthy pours and appetizers are tastily enjoyable and enough for two.  Sevice staff is happy to have us there.  Will have to return for dinner.
4	Switch is awesome. If you read nothing beyond that sentence, its OK.The decor is very modern and sleek, and the music adds a good ambiance without drowning out conversation. The drinks are creative, and affordable. The wine selection is good, and also affordable.Where Switch blows me away every time is the food. Whether you want something light, healthy and refreshing or something over-the-top decadently rich, there are options for you. The cast iron clams are not to be missed, and on a hot day the Spartan pita really satisfies without overdoing it.When it comes to sides, don't pass on the Mac 'n Cheese, but the one that keeps my mouth watering days after I've had it is the greek feta, cucumber and tomato salad. Talk about refreshing!The other piece that makes Switch cool is the service, they are really attentive and the staff have definite personalities that make dining here a lot of fun!
4	Went here on a Sunday afternoon with the family and was a bit skeptical at first. The prices seemed too cheap and I was worried it wouldn't deliver. Luckily, the food across the board was quite good for a casual American restaurant. A steamed clam appetizer with bacon and jalapenos was excellent, and my Chillaquilles was legit.Others had sandwiches and salads and all were happy, especially with the cheap drinks.All in all, a good little find for downtown Phoenix.
5	Switch has been one of my absolute favorites since they've been around.  I have had the pleasure of gathering with friends for birthday dinners here year after year and many happy hours, dinners, lunches, and brunches.  I don't think I have ever had a bad experience, and I usually leave thinking that visit was better than the last.  I've gone to Switch for dates, and while the place is always boisterous, it always feels intimate and private.  The decor is beautiful - lots of blues and browns with gorgeous local art hanging on the walls.  It's just an all-around great place to visit!My favorites:- The Blonde Sangria.  Hands-down my favorite drink in CenPho.- The hummus & pita, especially with lots of roasted red peppers.- The Cowboy Burger.  The BBQ sauce is just perfect.- The $6 carafes of screwdrivers & mimosas during the weekend brunch. Need I say more?The staff is exceptionally friendly (and unusually good-looking!), service is always top-notch, and the food & drinks are awesome.  I'm a Switch fangirl for life!
5	I had a nice meal here with a friend.  Friendly service.
5	I've been to Switch on many occasions and have enjoyed it.  This last time was no exception.  Meeting up with some friends before heading out for the evening, we decided to get some apps & drinks start the evening.   Well all ordered one thing and shared which was a great idea so we could try all the dishes.   Our own little tapas bar.1) Switch Lettuce Wraps: 4 mini lettuce cups with a combination of chicken, goats cheese, cashews, red onions, and an amazing fig balsamic dressing. 2) Crispy Rosotto Croquettes:  Panko crusted balls of sun-dried tomato & parmesan cheese risotto.   I've had nothing like these before.  YUM!3) The Hummmus: This was a your typical hummus, however it was bountiful. 4) Bruschetta Sextet:  They looked good, but I didn't end up trying these.  I've had them in the past and it's a wonderful Overall we had a great meal and good time.  Our service was very good and as always the food was excellent!   I'm going to miss this place when I move :(
3	Solid happy hour, portions large, and price not too bad. First of all, keep your eyes out when trying to find this place on Central because the sign if freaking small. Parking wasn't too big of a problem for a Friday night, and we were seated quickly. The ambiance of the restaurant is trendy and kinda dark in my opinion. The music was a mix of 80's/oldies and was very interesting. Between me and the bf we started off with the Crunchy Onion rings and margaritas, and they were so-so. Rings were traditionally breaded, nothing to write home about. Tried some of the Switch House burger, and the Apricot Feta BBQ chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was pretty juicy and flavorful, the burger not so much. The meat seemed to be a tad bit overcooked. Overall okay, no standouts here.  If f you're craving bar food then this would be the place to go I suppose.
2	So I am a part of a June 2012 mommies group online.  There's a few of us that are located in Phoenix and we decided to all meet up for the first time and do a Mom's Night Out this past Friday evening.  Our original plan was to meet at Fuego, but instead we switched it to Switch.  We have a 7:30 reservation for 5 of us.  One of the mom's had something come up with her LO, so it ended up being just 4 of us.  We all arrived within minutes of each other - last one arriving at about 7:40 or so.  We're greeted and asked for our drink order - easy peasy.  That's where the decent customer service ended and turned into at best, mediocre.  Our drinks arrive and we're still looking over the menu (and chit chatting at the same time).  Our server, Angel (according to the Associate name on my receipt), came back a few times to take our dinner order...but we were still deciding on what we were going to get.  He tried to make recommendations to one of the gals, who is a picky eater, and we thought..okay..we'll get to order.  He left and didn't return to our table for at least 30 minutes.  He finally comes back and it had been so long that we had forgotten we hadn't ordered yet.  We order and our food arrives (3 of us order salads, and the other ordered a sandwich) about 15 minutes later - Time is now going on 9:00pm.  Our server disappears again for at least another 45 minutes.  He finally comes back and asks us if we want boxes.  We say no, and you'd think he'd already have the check ready.  Think again.  The time stamp on my bill states 10:07 pm.  The only good thing he did was he split the check for us based on Guests.  I had a Yelp Check-In offer, $10 off a bill of $50 or more.  Our bill after taxes was over $60.  We decided to not use the Check-In offer because we didn't want to confuse our server and end up waiting around for another 30-45 minutes.  We had tables around us come and go, but yet there we were still sitting and waiting.    We were there in total about 2 hours and 40 minutes - all for 3 salads, a sandwich, 2 glasses of wine, and an iced tea.  Friday Night Mommy Fellowship - Fantastic! Food - Average. Our Server Angel - Terrible!
4	Switch offers a variety of food options from healthy choices to comfort food. The menu is very eclectic, and I have yet to have a bad meal from here. The portions sizes are very generous for the price and service has always been good. Some of my faves include:- mac & cheese: rich, creamy, flavorful cheese sauce over penne- caprese sandwich: typical ingredients with a great pesto vinaigrette  - burger: your basic burger, not too fancy, but great on tasteAlso, if you're looking to tie one on, they have some fantastic drink specials especially on Sundays where you can get carafes of mimosas, bloody marys, etc. for $3.
1	I had to give this review based on the experience I had last Sunday during brunch. If Ramon is your server you should immediately ask for someone else. After rudely being told we'd have to wait for coffee because it was still brewing, he walked away as I asked what the breakfast special was. He definitely heard me. When he finally brought our coffees, he dropped the cream on the floor and it got all over my feet. I understand mistakes happen, but he did not apologize. Muttered "shit" and went to get a rag. He wiped up the floor but did not offer me any napkins for my feet. We then ordered food. We waited an hour for our food to come out. The table of 6 next to us, who ordered after us, was served before us. I'm pretty confidant he forgot to put our order in. The food was delicious & fantastic, up to Switch's standards. The service was not. I did speak to a manager who offered to take our coffees off the bill. Then I went home and had to wash my feet and sandals from the spilled cream. All could have been fixed with a simple apology & some napkins.I previously loved everything about this place. I hope to go back and have a better experience like my previous ones.
5	Went to Switch on recommendation of a friend -- was not disappointed.  The food was divine -- the flavors of the Green Verde Pork were perfectly blended.  The special was a pork shank with beans -- brown sugar delicious!  The table next to us had salmon -- considered ordering that, as well.  The drinks were creative, and we will be back very soon.
5	So I have only been here twice, for breakfast and ate 1 thing... so, with that in mind here is my review! I had the quiche, which I always hate and would never think to order it. But it looked good one day and I am sooo glad I had it. It is the best I have ever had. I had difficulty keeping conversation as I was too busy eating it! I don't remember if it was pricy as I was in food coma (they give you a lot) I am looking forward to maybe expanding my horizons. Their drinks are good too.. if you get that far!
5	This our "go to" place. The food is always great, service is always over the top. Try the Breakfast.... great. a special thanks to our favorite server Angel. Always attentive, personable and knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  Never disappointed.
1	First and last time in this place. This place is awful. I have no idea how people go here. For appetizer we ordered their pricy Hummus (regularly it cost between 3-6 dollars anywhere else in the valley)  which was anything but hummus. Bread didnt taste like pita and the hummus was missing olive. For main dish, I ordered Pot Roast French Dip, it was awful I had to wash my mouth with vodka to take that horrible taste away.  It didnt had flavor at all, I had 1/3 of it and the server didnt take his time to ask us how was our food. I  Won't come back to this place at all.  I advise you to skip this place. On positive note the water was tasty
4	I like this place! We stopped in for drinks and a light meal and were not disappointed.We sat in the lounge seats, which were a bit awkward and cramped. Our waiter was nice enough to switch us to the bar seating (much better in my opinion). $4 house cab and chardonnay Mondays is a great deal. They also have a bunch of beer on draft at a reasonable price.The wedge fry bowl is really good - I really liked the aioli and the fries were thick and delicious. The house burger was really good - cooked medium just like we asked, and the accompanying Caesar salad was light and refreshing. The bread pudding was delicious - I definitely recommend trying it.Overall, very good experience. I will be back!
5	This is one of my favorite places for weekend brunch and happy hour, and when I have friends from out of state coming to visit, this is one of the places I bring them for lunch or dinner. The food here is excellent, as are the drinks. The servers are very friendly, the prices are very reasonable, and I enjoy the contemporary decor and the very casual vibe of the place.
1	I'm very disappointed for the first time with Switch.  The lettuce wraps were loaded with cabbage and very little chicken.  The feta cheese, tomato and cucumber salad wasn't all that great either.  Sorry Switch, not happy with tonight's food outcome.
5	Great food, awesome service from Ramon. Appetizer, main course, and desert all perfect. The menu looks so good we are already talking about returning and discussing what we want to try. I don't know how this place remained elusive for so long.
4	I really enjoyed our dinner at Switch. We had made reservations for a large group, and every single person at our table loved their meals. The wine was also delicious, and the staff was super accommodating. I need to make sure we head back when just my husband and I can enjoy a dinner together.
4	This place was recommended and I figured that since it was within walking distance from the hotel, why not.Turned out to be a pretty good choice.  Lots of space inside.  I like the separation between the dining area and bar and it is set up nicely.I ordered Sesame Shrimp with avocado.  This comes with 6 decent sized shrimp, with a slice of avocado on each one, as well as condiments.  To drink, I ordered a ginger iced tea, which was Republic Tea in a bottle.  Love that stuff!Best of all was the appetizer.  It was a side of Risotto with sun-dried tomatoes. Amazing!  It came in a cereal-sized bowl.  I could have eaten two of these things as a meal. Awesome.  I would go back just for that.And I will.
5	Great food and great staff, had a blast.
3	I like this place, don't love it.It is a bit pricey, but not take on a 2nd mortgage on the house-pricey.  Great food, very good drinks and it's a nice atmosphere.  It's a cute interior.  I've got a big problem with the service, however.  Every time I go in, it takes SUCH a long time to get what you've ordered.  And the servers often seem pretty annoyed that they have to wait on you, which I hate.  It gives me a guilt complex when alls I'm doing is trying to eat and be cute with my martini.If they could maybe make service faster and happier, I'd totally give the place another star.  So. You go do that, Switch.  Cause I do like you.  But I wanna LOVE you.
3	Been here a few times to meet up with friends and have never been impressed with the place.  I only come because this is where the friends choose to go because they like it.  The restaurant itself is cute and warm, but the food is medicore at its best.  I found the most flavorful thing I've eaten there is their hummus with warm, soft pita triangles. There was a lot more hummus than pita and note to self, it's an extra charge for more pita.  No biggie.  The onion rings were good also, when dipped in the sauce.  Entree's themselves were not that great.  I tried their Lobster & Seafood crepes and there was much more left to be desired. There was more "seafood" (tiny shrimp and fake crab) than there was lobster.  I would definitely not come back here again on my own free will, but would sacrifice it for my friends who adore the place.
5	This is my favorite restuarant in the valley.. The food is always delicious and Chef Jason is an awesome chef. Very friendly and accomodating.. The waiter Tim is awesome.. Best waiter we've ever had.  He knows what we like and automatically brings us our drinks. Their Carpese Ciabatta sandwich is the best ever.  Don't miss out on this awesome restuarant
2	To say something nice, the atmosphere was good.  The problem is the FOOD!  I had the worst burger I have ever had in a restaurant in my life!  It was not a fluke.  Everyone in our group had burgers and several people picked at them and did not finish them.  The burger meat was painfully dry.  A friend had warned me that their food wasn't that good, but I figured it's hard to mess up a burger.  I was wrong!  I won't be eating here ever again.
5	Another grreeeaatttt spot for HH in downtown Phx area! First and foremost, this place truly is challenging to find; I drove by and still second-guessed myself in the back parking lot that the sign read "Switch" at the top of bldg.!Once you do find it, I think you'll be pleased. Ambience is hip-cat and lots of blue lighting/blue accessories - very nice!I had the black-n-blue berry Italian Soda off of their HH drink menu for $4! So refreshing! You'll find it garnished w/a fat blackberry on top of cocktail w/a nice blueberry layer resting at the bottom for a nice treat after you wet your whistle! Thumbs up here!I tried their Hummus/Pita app and LOVED it! Great job!Plus, my 2 coworkers were quite happy when I checked in on Yelp last night and scored us $10 off total bill of $50 or more. So, by dining here, I think I helped my career as well. Ha ha!
4	Great place for HH and unique food. Always hopping! Great vibe and I love the industrial/modern look and furniture! A hidden gem!
4	The family and I went here for my moms 60th birthday to have an early dinner and were not disappointed at all. I was a bit apprehensive the day we went because of the other reviews I had read that morning, but nothing went wrong. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful and the food was delicious.  We had to start, the garlic and lemon hummus and the baked lobster and crab puffs. The hummus was good but the lobster and crab puffs were phenomenal. For the main course I had the seafood and lobster crepes, with lots of lobster and light and fluffy crepes. Definitely recommended. I only had one complaint: when we arrived and parked in the lot behind the restaurant, we saw the patio and to the right of that was a sign on the wall. The sign pointed to the left and said Patio and then pointed to the right and said Main Entrance. So we went to the right and around the building to the front and entered only to be told that the main entrance was actually through the patio. That was definitely confusing and maybe something they should correct.
5	The food here is great, I've never had anything that I didn't like. My favorites are the:Lobster and crab puffsSwitch burgerBreakfast galletteCome in on the weekends for their breakfast; they have $3 bloody mary carafes.The service can be a little slow sometimes but it's worth the wait for the food.
4	Met up with some of my good friends for HH on Friday and got there just seconds before a storm hit!  We had great service, yummy drinks, and delightful apps.  We started with the Onion Rings and the Dragon sauce then moved on to a delightful mix of healthy and fried snacks, followed by dessert.  It was a lovely evening and just proved to me how much I am loving this place
5	So I've been back to Switch several times since my review a couple months ago. I think my experiences have been so good that I had to update my old review.The food is always excellent. The burgers are cooked really well and the toppings are delicious. Salads are large, fresh, and tasty. Apricot BBQ feta chicken sandwich is amazing, as is this pot pie.Drink specials are excellent. Brunch is fantastic - breakfast gallette and $4 screwdriver, cape code, or bloody mary carafes are the way to go.Honestly, I think the service is some of the best I've experienced in Phoenix. The servers are always friendly, attentive, polite, and nice. I don't have to wave someone down for a refill or for my check. Ambiance is wonderful, and I can't wait for the cooler weather to sit outside in the patio area.I think Switch is my favorite go to, reliable, wonderful restaurant in Phoenix.
4	The Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken Sandwich is what dreams are made of. I wanna try other dishes, but I always go back to my good old ABFCS.
2	The Good...food was above average, slightly above average but above average.  The Lettuce Wraps were tasty and the Chicken Risotto was good (very rich).  Not special but good.  Based upon all the great reviews, I was expecting amazing, alas it was not the case.The Bad...service was awful.  My normal rule of thumb is that if no one has come to the table within 5 minutes of sitting down I get up and leave...it went well beyond that time this time because I was with a business associate and didn't want to make them uncomfortable.  Here is a tip for those that are behind the bar.  If someone comes up and nicely asks if they know whether they have a waiter or waitress or not, it probably means they have been sitting at a table for a while and no one has been over to see them.  DON'T respond, "I don't know, you've got to talk to the Host" and turn away back to your conversation with the other bartender.  DO say "I don't know, let me see if I can find out".  Once we did get a server, he continually forgot that we were there, drinks went empty and we had to wave at him to get his attention.As far as being called a "Wine bar", having a selection that includes one type of each of the normal types of wine (8 in all) does not classify an establishment as a "Wine Bar".  This is definitely a misnomer.The Ugly...there are better places in the Phoenix area to eat that have much better service. It may have just been and off night I may or may not give this one another chance based upon all of the other stellar reviews for the restaurant.  However, my review at this point is to avoid unless you don't mind bad service.
5	DE-FREAKIN-LISHSHOUS!! Came here for yesterdays Sunday Brunch and 6.00 Mimosa carafes.. ended up ordering the chicken lettuce wraps and the lobster&crab puffs. They were so good !! Friendly staff and good ambiance as well... although its a drive for me, i will definitely come back :)
4	We sat outside, it was great.  Nice and windy. Love the lightings. We started off with the combo fries, Which was the wedges and sweet potatoes. Very lemony. Yummmm. boyfriend had the Amsterdam pasta, he devoured it less then five minutes.  Haha. So yes. He loved it. I had the la rioja veggie pinini.  It was okay, it wasn't warm when I received my plate though. :(  Angel over all was amazing.  Great customer service,  friendly and super out going!!!!  We'll be coming back. ^______^;;
5	Not sure where I've been hiding out lately, but so glad I found Switch. My friends and I visited on a Saturday afternoon and sat outside on the patio. They do allow smoking, so be fore-warned about that. The only way we could tell our server was a newbie was that he had a pal shadowing him around and taking care that he was doing all he could to make our meal memorable. And it was! Our brunch - quiche of the day - was ridiculously delicious. I imagine they are all different, but this chicken, asparagus, chipotle, mushroom, spinach, and corn creation was amazingly flavorful. Mimosas were made from the freshest orange juice I have tasted in quite awhile. Two of us ordered the quiche and one of us ordered the breakfast special with beautifully poached eggs, crunchy baguettes, and a heaping pile of prosciutto. Great service, lovely ambience, good cocktails, and the food - wow, oh wow! Can't wait to visit again.
5	I love Switch for brunch.  Yes, the name of the restaurant may be a cheeky reference to sexual positioning. Yes, the the tall, beautiful boys who serve here rush around to the sound of upbeat house music.  But none of this is of any consequence when compared to the godliness of their BLT!  The preeminence of the gallette! The gravity of their eggs benedit! If you haven't caught on, the food here is pretty damn good.  Throw into the mix their $4 carafes of mimosa or bloody mary and they are an undisputed contender in the downtown/cenpho tournament of the brunches. Check it out!
4	"Picked 3 and weeee!!"Yep.. my group had starters, entrees, and dessert and the meals did not disappoint. So we did our group of six have, lol -- We had the lettuce wraps with chicken, the greek feta, cucumber, and tomato salad, the sundried tomato and pesto risotto, switch house salad, the grilled cheese, provence chicken and risotto, and the amsterdam pasta and had no complaints.To top it off we ordered the Red Velvet cake. The slice was massive and big enough to share with everyone at the table. We sat outside on the "patio furniture"--  albeit a little tight it was as if we were at a bbq with friends. It was a nice change considering a long day of work inside. The restaurant has a different layout and was initially hard to find and park. The service had highs and lows,but more highs.. I'll definitely be back for seconds.
3	I love the foo, eat here about twice a month, and try to try something new every time I come in.  I have not been disappointed on the food front, yet, and have enjoyed everything immensely.That being said, the service is spotty, at best.  One visit, the staff is great, the next, I'm having to flag down an employee to get my drinks or to order, etc.  And, on a couple of occasions, I swear there was one waiter for the entire restaurant.I really love the food, but the staff needs to take better care of the customer.  Rudeness and condescension are not really important to make me think the food is fabulous, it just makes me think the staff is full of jackasses.  I have had some truly phenomenal wait staff, so this is a "not all the time" thing, but it should never really happen at all.I will still come here for the food and atmosphere...lets just get our staff in order, eh?
5	Thanks to Yelp I picked this place out while passing through Phoenix.  Whoa I really loved it.  I had the pork loin with cornbread pudding.  What a meal to end my 2 week stay in Arizona.  I think this meal was my favorite on the whole trip.
5	Absolutely love this place. Why five stars? I'll tell you. Let's start with parking... It's right in back and plenty of it.  Next, prompt greeting by the host upon entering... Love that.  Nice decor, bar area and indoor/outdoor seating option.  Very rare these days for a moderately priced restaurant:  CLOTH NAPKINS.  Prompt and courteous service by a very handsome server, lots of variety on the menu: small plates, big plates, trendy burgers and sandwiches.  A bread pudding dessert to die for... Nice place with yummy food!  Clientele is mixed, gay/straight.  Had a wonderful experience, and will return when I'm back in town.
3	Food was great, service sucked. Took him 25 minutes to get our appetizer and then when we were finished he not only handed us the wrong check, didn't apply a discount, but also charged my card twice!
5	Ooops!  Sorry Switch!  I probably should have updated this review about... 2 years ago?  :(I went back to Switch at the INSISTENCE of a GF for brunch.OhEmmGeeeWe have eaten here on the patio no less than 20 times since the last time I reviewed this place.  The carafes on weekends are chock full of booze and reasonably priced.  The salad is AMAZING and whatever my ex-DH ordered he loved too.They have an amazing waitress that we got EVERY time afterward and she is a doll.Oh, I'm sorry Switch.If it helps any... I was sitting next to a couple on an airplane and they said, "Have you ever tried Switch?  It's amazing!"Even 30,000 feet above ground people are talking about you.For the record, I agreed - your food, your booze, and your waitress are amazing.
1	Switch was recommended to me, so we went there for dinner on a very slow weekday night when there were no more than three other tables. Two of our party received their food in relatively short order. My plate didn't show up until over 30 minutes later, at which point the rest of the table was finished eating and needed to leave. That situation wouldn't have happened if our waiter had been checking on us periodically, or even been visible so I could have stopped him to have him check. (Having had to leave the table prior to ordering just to locate him and put in our order should have been my clue that this was off to a bad start.)I am very accommodating and understand when a restaurant is busy that this can happen, but I felt there was no excuse for the delay. I was very disappointed and have better places to spend my money and time. I'd recommend looking elsewhere.
4	A tasty and reliable place for a casual or business lunch. There is a small, sun-drenched (but misted) patio with plenty of seating and a large, dark inside dining room. Wraps and sandwiches range from decadent to healthy (personal faves are the Apricot BBQ Feta Chicken and Dragon Chicken Pita) and entree salad portions are extremely generous (try the Sangria or Super Chop). Burgers look decent, although I have not personally tried one. Great drink menu: I've never had to send back a watered-down Manhattan here. Wait times for tables and service can get a bit dicey at peak times.
5	I regularly visit Phoenix and stay in a hotel a few blocks away. As soon as I ate at Switch it became my go-to restaurant--as in, I have lunch or dinner here every day! Don't miss the lamb lettuce wraps, which are usually enough for a full meal. Staff is friendly and attentive, and the ambience is cool and mellow at the same time.
1	I stopped in to give them a heads up that me and some friends would be stopping by the next day on a bike ride (2pm on a Saturday), to which the manager flat out said we were not welcome. Huge blow and they missed out. I'd say better luck next time, but you not only lost me as a customer, but you lost all of our business that day and for the future.
5	Great food, gluten free hamburger buns and goat cheese!! A girl couldn't ask for more. A great atmosphere and excellent service.  The cheeseburger was amazing to boot.
5	Dragon Pita Sandwich was really good ...................................................................
5	We had brunch on the patio.  I like places that you don't have to wait for what seems like forever.  I tried a little bit of everything at the table and it was all REALLY good.  Very comfort foodie.   Our server was attentive, I loved my coffee..may become our new go to brunch spot downtown.
5	Great service, thank you Tim!  Bruschetta was amazing as was the sangria salad.  And great happy hour specials.
5	Yum, yum, and yum.  Our cocktails were expertly mixed and the drink menu is primarily craft cocktails.  My grilled meatloaf was outstanding and at my waitress' urging, I tried the achiote squash that came with it.  It wasn't my favorite thing ever but getting me to eat squash is a monumental achievement.  They were able to give us a last minute reservation which was great.  The patio is adorable too.  I look forward to coming back.
5	I am a bit behind lately....too much school and work for my liking so haven't been out as much.  I was craving the delicious chicken pot pie gallette last weekend, along with a hot toddie to stave off a cold.  Rolled in there about 3 with one of my besties and had the most delicious and comforting meals.  I grow more in love with this place every time I go and am digging the additions to the menu!
5	I live right down the street and have been to Switch many times. I've always had a great experience. The servers and hosts are very kind. I usually get the Breakfast Galette, but everything else that I've tried on the menu is delicious. What I like about this restaurant is that it seems to have a great training process. I'm an indecisive person. So when it comes to choosing an entree, nothing is more frustrating when the server can't tell me how it tastes or if he/she likes it. I've never had that issue at Switch. Anything I ask about, they can tell me what it's like, to help me make my decision.
4	Great contemporary atmosphere to dine before Shakespeare in the Park (A Christmas Carol)! It kind of reminded us of a great restaurant you might walk into in Chicago. We had the special (scallops over pork belly with lobster risotto), chicken pot pie (definitely not a traditional take-Yum) and Lobster Seafood Crepes. All delicious, but the special was to die for. The wine selection was not as full bodied as a had hoped. Since it was my birthday, we had a scoop of coffee ice cream, which was a great palate cleanser after the seafood. We all agreed we would go back again when in the area.
4	I had gone to Switch a few years ago with a friend for lunch I believe and because I don't live near Central I hadn't really bothered to give it another try. However I definitely can say I'm a fan after going back a few years later. We were heading to a concert and decided to stop by Switch to change things up a little. I was very impressed with not only the friendliness of our waiter but most importantly the quality of the food.We tried a lot of things and all were delicious. My main dish was the Mozzarella Caprese Ciabatta sandwich and it was delicious. I'm always worried there will be too much dough in the ciabatta and usually avoid it at restaurants but this one was perfect. Just the right size, tasted fresh and one of the better sandwiches I've had in a long time.My friend had a few starters, the mac n cheese which was very good and also their hummus with pita bread which was also good. If there is anything I might have not liked as much was the sun dried tomato and pesto risotto but that's probably because I had my eyes bigger than my stomach and ordered it with my sandwich which was already plenty enough food for me. I don't know if I'll ever go often but I now can say with confidence that this place has great food and definitely worth a visit if you haven't been.
4	Since moving back to the Phx area I had heard a lot about Switch (and the weekend brunch in particular). I finally had a chance to try it out this past weekend and it was pretty solid.Unfortunately, I'm not able to drink alcohol right now, but the carafe specials they have going on at brunch are pretty awesome. I'm more of a mimosa guy, and most of my friends are the same or go the bloody Mary route, but I think it's unique (re: AWESOME) that Switch also offer carafe's of Cape Cods & screwdrivers. As far a food goes, my french toast was yummy. I LOVED the blueberry/fig syrup on top. It was sweet, but not too sweet. I appreciated the fact it came w/a couple of sausage links, but honestly, they were a little overcooked and almost seemed like an afterthought just thrown on the plate. They were decent enough though and were a good balance w/the sweet french toast. Our service was very good & I really liked the atmosphere. I also appreciate the fact that Switch has a parking lot. I know that Phoenix isn't a NY or San Francisco (I lived their for 5 yrs), but it has become more & more of a metered/garage city so it's nice to have a free lot to park at when you want to dine downtown. The lunch/dinner menu looked really good (and like the brunch menu, pretty affordable), so I'll definitely be back to try some of that stuff!
4	Great service.   Made us feel welcome.   Free Wi-Fi was great.   We both got the burgers and onion rings.  Came with small Caesar salad.   Both very good.   Big portions.
4	Friendly staff, eclectic menu and great location.
5	I wish Switch wasn't so far away.  I went in totally blind on a recommendation from a person on reddit, and I am SO glad I chose this place to try.  I work on weekends but had one Sunday free, and since brunch is my favorite meal, I knew I had to try it somewhere in Phoenix.  Why this place wasn't absolutely slammed for 'weekend breakfast', as they call it, I have no idea.  $4 bloody mary and cape cod carafes, as well as screwdriver and mimosa carafes.  I also learned that my go-to drink (vodka cranberry) is also referred to as a Cape Cod.  Thanks, Switch!Our server, Kai (taking liberties with the spelling) was the BEST.  He answered all of our questions capably and was really sweet.  The food came out swiftly and he checked on us just enough without hovering.  Okay, on to the food.  The bloodies were delicious, served with all the requisite greenery (lime, celery stalk, olive).  I love the idea of carafes.  I've spent up to $9 on worse bloodies in INDIVIDUAL glasses.  My boyfriend got the special for that weekend, which was a Maple Bacon Pecan Sticky Bun.  I had to capitalize it because OMG.  I took a bite and it was perfect.  Warm and bacony and mapley, and not too sweet.  He gobbled up every bite.  I ordered the fried bologna sandwich, sans tomato.  It comes on texas toast, with housemade aioli, mayo's fancy cousin.  It also came with a side of perfect potatoes.  I asked for them to be made without onions and they obliged, and they were delicious.  A good fried bologna is on the opposite end of the spectrum as the oscar meyer stuff.  And this was the best.  I ate up everything on my plate.  I can't wait to try out their regular menu.  If I didn't work every weekend I would be here as many weekends as possible.
5	Was here for lunch today for the first time. We were welcomed with wonderful smiles and friendliness. Our server was Kyle and he was a gem! Asked his opinion on a few items and he didn't steer us wrong plus he was very attentive. I had the vegetable panini at it was delish! My hubby had the cowboy burger and he said it was one of the best burgers he's had. Frequent refill on soft drinks too.  Would go back and want to try brunch too. LOVE!
2	My husband heard good reviews from a business associate so we decided to  try Switch's Brunch.  My first impression of the actual restaurant was "bar like", basically dark walls and ceiling.  This always makes me feel like I am in a man cave sports bar, which is fine for evening, but for brunch? Not so much.  General decor was good.  The hostess was very pleasant and fortunately seated us near a window.Our waiter was prompt and very nice.  It took us some time to browse the breakfast and lunch/dinner menus. Many items were intriguing and unusual, maybe even gimmicky, i.e. Eggs Benedict with provolone cheese .  I will say that I do have a problem with restaurants that have too many dishes on their menu.  It has been my experience that no dish is really done well.  My husband decided to have the Amsterdam Pasta with grilled chicken and I decided to try the Eggs Benedict (without the provolone).  Both dishes were highly recommended by our waiter.  First, I will say that my husband's pasta was good.  I thought the flavors were nice and pasta was cooked well.  Grilled, unseasoned, sliced chicken breast was the cliche'd bar style addition to the entree.  Overall, my husband would give it a 3.   Now, the Eggs Benedict, sigh, I will first premise my review on the fact that I am a huge fan of this dish and when it is done well, it is heavenly.  Unfortunately, I was not a big fan of Switch's Benedict.  First, one of my pet peeves with some restaurants is that they lack the understanding that a truly great Eggs Benedict must have a well made hollandaise.  The sauce must also be made from scratch: eggs yolks, melted butter and lemon juice (basic).  It can be made in a blender in under a few minutes!  Unfortunately many chain restaurants and hotels use pre-made sauce or powder base that is really vile.  I did ask the waiter when I ordered if the Hollandaise was made from scratch.  He answered, "Yes".  Unfortunately the moment the plate was placed in front of me, I knew my worst fear was realized!  "IMPOSTER"!!!!!!  The sauce was some weird concoction (an odd sweetness too), the eggs were undercooked (whites a little runny) and the English muffin was NOT toasted.  I did not complain.  I ate one egg and left the other.  I give this dish 1 star. Overall, we had a pleasant experience (good staff and of course good company with the hubby) with mediocre food.  Not sure if I will selectively come back but if my husband and I are in the area....
3	We were running downtown to the theatre and decided to stop in for a bite.   Place was hoping on a Saturday night and thanks to the rain there was no wait.  Good vibe- odd arrangement where they sat us for dinner next to lunge chairs but ok.  Ended up waiting for 15+ minutes before I asked who was serving us. Didn't seem real organized.   Ordered the croquette special- tasty- dipping sauce was very good.  Two orders- Beef Rib Hash which was more a stew with big chunks was excellent...deep flavor with the dish.  My order was the pork rib special.  just ok- meat dry not moist and lots of fat.  Veggie was interesting but just bland.  Very little heads up from the staff of whats going on in their tables.  At the end it took another 15m for them to get the check to us after repeated requests and then I had to give the payment to the host due to time.  Go in prepared...
4	Love this restaurant! Awesome vibe, good energy, wonderful waiters/waitresses. Came here for prom a few years back and remembered loving it. That's why I came back for my 20th birthday dinner here with a group of 15 friends. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive. Had something simple like chicken fingers as an appetizer, shared the steak special (honestly I've had better elsewhere) but I won't complain it is what it is. Had the birthday dessert Pazookie and loved it as well as everyone else who took a bite! Only other thing I might add is that it was really hot inside. We told our waiter about it and he kindly told us that he agreed and alerted the manager. Also, they give a discount when you check in on yelp, which was pretty cool too.I recommend Switch :)
4	Wedged between Durant's and Schlotzsky's on Central Avenue, this trendy cafe caters to both the business crowd, and the hipsters.The food is always fresh and delicious, and the place is always clean. Being a popular downtown lunch destination for the nearby business crowd, this place can fill up fast for lunch time, so plan to arrive before the noon to avoid the rush.The salads and sandwiches are the popular items.  The salads are filled with fresh, and sometimes interesting combinations, and are large enough to satisfy even the heartiest of appetites.  The sandwiches are made fresh, with a variety that runs from a three cheese sandwich, to burgers, pot roast, and even lobster rolls.If you are looking for a place to satisfy several different palates, this place has something for everyone.
5	Very trendy atmosphere, good food, reasonable prices, great bartender and drinks.Went here with co-workers when we were on town for business.  It was recommended by our hotel... We really enjoyed it.  The sandwiches, salads, and soups were really good.  The drinks and desserts were fantastic!
5	My parents were in town for a week and although they're a bit older, classy, sophisticated, well to do types, they have this cool liberal/hip streak... perhaps due to their gay son. I was torn over where to take them as I wanted to go someplace friendly, chill, but with a little something that would set it apart from the many dining options in the Valley that was not another north Scottsdale concept restaurant. We were greeted quickly and sat at a nice table by the window. Our waiter knew the menu very well and took the time to make suggestions. He was quick with our drinks - Italian vodka sodas are delicious - and he was able to accommodate a small substitution for my order of perhaps the best mac n cheese plate around. The place wasn't super crowded, but had a good number of people there to complement our experience. It's a true testament to the quality of food for my parents to say it was the best meal of their trip, and that includes their previous night's experience at well-known place right next door. I've been to Switch for dates, a casual Friday happy hour with coworkers, a birthday party, and now a dinner with the parents. They have been consistently top notch and a place I would highly recommend.
5	Went in for a late night bite.  Felt welcomed. ZIM was fantastic and attentive.  One of our favorite hang outs!
4	My friends and I used to frequent this place every Sunday for Sunday Funday. They have drink specials that cannot be beat.Dusty is 9/10x our guy and he consistently takes great care of us. These days we don't get to make it in as often as we'd like, but when we do, it remains to be a good centralized spot for my friends and I to gather for brunch.
5	Delicious food, great service, wonderful atmosphere! The staff is excellent! If you love iced tea, try their mango iced tea, it's too bomb! We had a fried Brie and habanero honey appetizer today that was too die for! We've been here multiple times and we will never stop going here!! Keep it up!
4	Great food! Our waitress was pretty friendly, but slow on being attentive. I ordered the apricot bbq chicken and it was really good. The place seemed to draw an older crowd, but we didn't mind!
4	I had the lobster roll and some sort of Gin/Pomegranate drink that was divine. We also had an amazing cookie dessert. Great service, I plan to return when I am in the area.One suggestion is to have lights or a sign so ppl can see the restaurant at night, it was overshadowed by Durants.
4	Stopped in for breakfast with the girls. I've been before for meals for happy hour and dinner but never breakfast. We had small children with us and the outdoor patio was a great option, no problem with including the kids in the fun!The breakfast itself was amazing! I got an order of French toast with eggs. The eggs were fake eggs but did not need salt or pepper it was really delicious. The French toast on the other hand was EPIC. The "sauce" of the plate was the syrup and was garnished with blueberries. It was simple but so delicious and the presentation was beautiful.The ladies said their mimosas were also great and a strongly suggested beverage for the drinking diners! One thing, we had a group of about 6 and it was not offered to split the bill and the waiter definitely struggled with keeping separate multiple cash paying customers.
5	Great place to dine before going to a show downtown. Service was excellent with Kathleen. Food was terrific and the martinis to die for.
5	Great local spot.  The salmon entre on spinach...umm...to die for.   The burgers are great as well.  Drink selection is good.  Service is tops.  I didn't like one appatizer.  It was off the table and off the bill faster than I could blink...and my choice of a replacement.  Wow.  There is attentive service.  All I said was that it wasn't my favorite...  They go the extra mile and for that they deserve extra loyalty.
1	We decided to try Switch for the first time on a Sunday afternoon.  It was at 2:30pm that we got there and the dining room was very empty, just a few tables of people.  We came in and there were several people working doing busy work, cleaning, rolling silverware, etc.  One of the yelled from a table she was sitting at that the host would be there to seat us in just a second.  5 or so minutes later the host comes up and seemed very annoyed.  He barely said two words to us and took us to our table.  He was pretty short and said "It is going to be a little bit because your server just got double sat".  I was kind of surprised by this because the dining room was very empty and there were at least 3 servers working.  Our server came over several minutes later and took our drink order.  He was very friendly but through the course of our meal he was not very attentive.  Now on to the food.  I was not very impressed.  We had the Switch burger and the  Spartan Chicken Pita.  The burger was just ok, it was not bad.  The chicken pita was dry, and just not good.  There was nothing that I would say was great.  It was more like on the edge of mediocre.  We were also with two friends, I can not speak for their food.  At the end of our meal our server brought our check and it was divided up for each person.  The problem was that he mixed everything up.  He didn't pay attention to which person had what items.  Things that I ordered were mixed up with things our friends ordered so we had to try to figure out our bill on our own.  Since there were only four of us I thought it wouldn't really be that hard for him to do but I guess I overestimated how difficult it was.Once we figured out what we needed to pay he picked up our money and when he came back he messed it all up again.  I just don't understand why it was so difficult.  We didn't have that many items. I guess with all that said, I won't be back.  If you are into bad service and mediocre food you can get that at a number of other restaurants and pay a lot less.  Good luck if you go here.
2	Friendly staff.  Asked for rare burger came out medium well was hard and dry. Bun was a bit stale which did not help. Side Caesar was ok slightly bland. Onion rings greasy needed a different dipping sauce rather than catsup. Waiter did offer to have burger replaced but never been a fan of sending food back to the kitchen.  Based upon the menu descriptions and prices expected better.  Just very average.  Good ice cream for desert, but at $3.95 a scoop it better be!!!
2	No longer a fan.  Service is still prompt and friendly.   But there has been a change in the menu that has made me greatly disappointed.  I recently stopped in for lunch, after a 6-month hiatus, to find that two of my favorite sandwiches have changed.  Both the BBQ Apricot Chicken Feta Sandwich and the Spartan Pita both use to be served with shaved Chicken Breast.   Now they are served as a whole chicken fillet.Couple of things about this new presentation.  First, it's very difficult to eat a pita with chicken that isn't chopped or sliced.   Second, the chicken looked slimmy - like it had been reheated.   When I asked the waiter why the switch (ha ha) from shaved chicken breast to a whole chicken breast, he said the chef said that the meat was now a higher quality and can't be shaved.  Weird answer on many fronts. I mean, really, why would you even admit you weren't always serving quality food?  All I can say is that the chicken looked like it was frozen, spiced, and heated in the microwave.  This coupled with the fact that a pita is very difficult to eat when the chicken is served a la "Burger King" patty versus shaved (or at least chopped).I use to love Switch for its unique combo of flavors - but in particular for these two sandwich standouts.   Now, I can't bare to ever go back.
4	We are so glad we tried this place out.  They seated us right away when we arrived and when our waiter came to the table he noticed I was opening gifts and asked if we were celebrating my birthday. After finishing our delicious meals, I had the Provence Chicken Risotto which was delicious as were all the our entrees, our waiter cleared our plates and surprised us with a warm cookie ice cream dessert with a lighted candle on top for us to share. I wish I had gotten his name because his excellent service, along with the incredible food, made for a very memorable night. We will definitely be back.
5	This place is great. Last time there had the lobster stuffed crepes...this time the short rib hash..lobster and crab puffs..maple glazed Brussel sprouts with artisanal cheese two awesome up and dirty gray goose martinis and dessert...a chocolate chip cookie concoction served  ala mode...I had multiple foodgasms. I'm coming back here next time I'm in Phoenix....
5	Everytime I go I either find a new drink or meal that makes me love this place even more. But if you just want to indulge in the most comforty food sandwich ever don't look any farther than the Southern Dump Truck.
4	My friend works here, so I had to try the place. To be honest, I don't think it has as many appealing options as one of the other restaurants the owners of this place also own; I like Bliss better for its food options but their servers aren't as friendly.The service is great, the people are extremely nice and accommodating. The food is a bit pricy (hence 4 stars) as you need to ask for sides to go with your mains (i.e. the burger doesn't come with fries, you need to order them separately), but it is always delicious. I have had a drink there once and it was also well-concocted.
4	I wanted to write an update to my previous review.  After my last review the owner sent us a gift card so we could try Switch again.  On Sunday we decided to try it again after we flew in from our vacation.  It was about 1pm and we were there during brunch.  We were greeted and sat right away which was great.  We had a different waiter this time and just like the last waiter we had he was very friendly.  The difference this time was that he was attentive and made sure we had everything we needed.  Also, I didn't say anything about having a gift card or about our last experience so he just flat out did a good job.  I believe his name was Angel.  He also did a good job of helping us decide on what food to get.  Both of our meals were good and our drinks were good as well.  I am pleased that we had a really good experience this time because I really like to support local businesses.  It really is nice to know that the owner cares about his business also.  Thank you again for the gift card and thanks to the staff for doing a good job.  We will be back.
4	I've been in many times over the years. Brunch, lunch, happy hour, dinner.And it's consistently good. Quite good. Not amazing, not life changing, but solid good quality, good service and a very comfortable dining room.Most recently was brunch with a friend.I am a huge fan of the $4 carafe of Bloody Mary. My heartburn isn't as big a fan, but that's what Tums are for!We shared the cheese and fruit plate appetizer with the added meat option. The cheese of the day was a sage cheddar. Okay - it wasn't really cheddar. I don't remember the name, but it was similar to a cheddar and quite tasty. Add some salami, prosciutto, strawberries, grapes, jam, almonds, water crackers and baguette and it was a lovely way to start brunch!I had the chilaquilles - not the best I've ever had - but quite tasty. Just think I'll explore other options next time. Nothing wrong with them - just not to my taste.My companion had the special - poached eggs, asparagus and prosciutto. He was the clear winner in the ordering department - the presentation was photo worthy and while I neglected to ask how it was, he finished it all without hesitation - so I am thinking it must have been good.Will definitely be back!
4	LOVE this place. The service is always wonderful, drinks super tasty, and food scrumptious. This has become our "usual" stop on theater night. Will keep going back.
4	Lobster & crab crepes were Devine. Pomegranate vodka Italian soda a little too strong for my taste. Food was very tasty but portion size is too small for the price.
5	I went here with my mom and grandma.  This place is fantastic, nice outside seating and great service.  I ordered a delicious salad with the honey vinaigrette.  I live in Mesa, but if this place were closer I would definitely frequent here.  Will be back for my birthday dinner with the rest of the fam.
5	AMAZING is all I can say!!! I took the whole family here for a celebration and not one of us complained let alone spoke to each other while we were eating because the food is so good! It was really busy with the larger party seated near us but our server was friendly and checked on us frequently. I never saw her replace my drink but my cup was always full. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!
5	Absolutely love this place. Always creative and delicious dishes. Fresh ingredients and attentive staff. Their cocktails are great as well.
5	I'm violating my "don't review after just one visit" rule. It was THAT amazing. The five stars is flat out for the food. Although the service was excellent as well. We sat on the patio and it was a casual dining experience. There were six of us. We shared entrees and had two appetizers. We ordered lamb lettuce wraps, lobster puffs, pork verde, Amsterdam pasta, mac n cheese with lobster, and a special seafood bake. Every single thing was perfection. Melt in your mouth perfection. The table was a bevvy of ooohs and awwws and "I'm so glad Durant's was closed" (which is where we'd planned on going originally). I read all the food blogs and "best of..." restaurants and hadn't heard about Switch. Which kind of pisses me off. It's A.M.A.Z.I.N.G
4	Had the lettuce wraps with chicken as my meal and it was pretty good. The goat cheese added good flavor and texture. It's really more of a salad than true lettuce wraps which was fine and made for a nice  meal. Good ambience and vibe. Service was very attentive without being overbearing or making us feel rushed.
3	I'm not sure why they're so expensive and it seems the prices just go up and up. But!However, they have the best sangria I've had downtown. It's my favorite. Get a pitcher of the red! It's the best. Their burgers are always delicious and cooked to perfection. What ever happened to their happy hour?
4	Salad is my favorite food and this place has AMAZING salads. I was out in Phoenix on a business trip and went to Switch for dinner one night after getting recommendations from colleagues. We got there just before happy hour ended so I got a white sangria - very good. Being someone who absolutely loves salad, it was hard to pick one from the menu. I settled on the sangria salad because I can't say no to goat cheese. It was so delicious and had fresh ingredients and a very tasty dressing to go with it.The restaurant itself looked very cool instead, but being from the east coast we opted to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the warm weather.
4	I went here for a bday party a few months ago we took up most of the restaurant we had about 50 people.  The food was pretty good a little pricey and service was a little slow, but I think they normally do not have a ton of people to keep up with. Our waiter was nice and funny. I would go here again with a smaller group.The place itself looked pretty cool.
5	Love their food and drinks! You will love this place its amazing. The restraint has a nicely modern and cozy feel. Great service and stands out tremendously!
5	One of my favorite places to go! The staff is always very friendly and attentive. Great atmosphere no matter what time you go to eat. The food.... The food is amazing, have tried many menu items never to be disappointed. Best brunch in phoenix!
4	We are big fans of Switch for lunch!It's a sit down restaurant and so you'll pay more than a fast food place, but having said all that the VALUE is incredible. Al the beef is angus. It is cooked perfectly. The chicken is tender, cooked well, without being rubbery or flavorless. The salads are wonderful. The starters are wonderful. And the iced tea doesn't taste like dishwater, which, in Phoenix, is always a great big plus!!I can't say enough about the food because, well...it tastes like the owner truly cares about quality ingredients, decent size portions, keeping the cost to the customers low considering what you get, and well...just making everything taste truly special.Inside it is busy for lunch and you might wait 5-10 minutes. It is nice inside, with leather couches to sit in while you wait. It is LGBT friendly, and has a sophisticated vibe. Restaurant and bathrooms are spotlessly clean.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Arizona! The atmosphere, food and service are always on point. I've been to this restaurant plenty of times & have never had a disappointing experience. I recommend making a reservation. This trendy delicious restaurant stays pretty busy.
2	The hummus and sangria are good... not really impressed by much else.
4	Stopped by here a while back and had a pretty good experience.The food was good, the place seemed to be busy, and although it might have been a little bit on the expensive side it was still worth going to.I'd recommend stopping by for a night on the town or a good place to grab some good food.
3	What happened, Switch? You were awesome. You're still good, but I feel like some things have slipped.1. Quality of food doesn't seem as good. Last few times, the sandwich bread was hard and stale. Some of the appetizers were overpriced and seemed small for size and/or not so great in quality.2. Service has gotten a bit slow. I realize that new servers have to learn the system, but the learning curve is only so long.3. Food and drink specials have changed. Some stuff isn't as good a deal as it used to be.That being said, I still have a good time when I go. It's just not my go to restaurant in Phoenix anymore.
5	Our annual trip to this restaurant and it's a great place to be. Great food,staff,and overall awesome!!!! Can't wait to come back.
4	I ordered an Agave Envy on the rocks.  I received it promptly.  It was alcoholic as desired.  What more can a person ask for?
2	Great place (albeit pricey) for people watching, but they suck when it comes to gluten-free options.  They put on their menu that they have gluten-free buns (nice!), but almost everything on their menu is chock full of gluten (even Hollandaise sauce, which is just wrong, IMHO).  Server was attractive but uneducated about gluten-free.  Such a big, beautiful menu, but the gluten-free options were the same sad limited choices as any other restaurant's.  I ordered the Angus burger sans bun with goat cheese (an extra $1.50) in an attempt to spruce it up, but I needed a microscope to see the cheese.  Thankfully the cocktail was good.
3	Tried this place for lunch based off a recommendation since it's close to my office. It's a cute little restaurant that I was happy to walk into, but I came in right around noon and we didn't get out of there for a solid hour and a half  even though we ordered right away. The food took FOREVER and the waiter although very nice and so good with the drink refills, hardly came by after our food was delivered so took an extra 20 minutes longer to get our check than it should have. I think for lunch places, especially downtown where people are clearly working and just on a break, should be more mindful of people's time. I had the switch house salad which was decent but wouldn't order again. The switch house burgers were a popular item for tables around us and looked really good so will probably try that if I go again. My friend ordered the Fish and Chips which I think was the special of the day. The fries/potatoes were really good. I tried a fish stick and it seemed like good fresh fish, just way too fried and greasy for me but I guess people expect so she seemed to be happy with it.Oh, and at the risk of sounding super cheap - I got charged an extra amount for the extra side of dressing which I always find irritating especially when they don't tell you. I wouldn't have ordered it had I known and it was a waste because by the time I got it I didn't use any of it.
5	I love this place!  Food is amazing, drinks are good and music is great!  Try the Lilli's Chilaquiles, Yummy!! :D
5	Have had happy hour at this place now twice. Love the appetizers and the drink specials are great. Will keep returning.
5	Fine place, metrosexual, good food, great service and in a great neighborhood that we live.  It's a. Jewel!
5	Have tried close to 90% of the menu, have never been disappointed on anything that I have had!  Have introduced tons of my friends to  this place and they have quick to became regulars themselves.You absolutely must try the switch burger!All day drink specials, and a happy hour you can't beat!
4	I am a big fan of Switch and try to visit every time I am in town. The atmosphere is very chic and modern, and service has always been very good. Staff is friendly and attentive. During our last visit we got a cheese plate and drinks (blonde sangria for me and my partner got a caipirinha). Both drinks were very refreshing and the bartender was very generous with the alcohol and spirits in each ;). The cheese plate was satisfying for our taste and included a variety of fresh fruits, crackers and cheese. I have also been there in the past for both brunch and dinner and the service is excellent and friendly. Definitely recommend!
4	This was a super cute little downtown restaurant we stopped by for some happy hour. I would highly suggest the red sangria and the Crispy Risotto Croquettes! And while I didn't actually try it, the bacon grilled cheese looked suuuuper cheesy and delicious! I'd definitely head there again!
4	Great spot!  Good atmosphere and interesting menu.  Service was excellent and prices reasonable.  We had mac and cheese, the switch burger, and chicken risotto.  Everything was great.  The outside patio in entrance seemed interesting, but it was too hot to sit outside.
4	Possibly my FAVORITE restaurant in the world to go to for breakfast!  I have been here numerous times but the last time I went my food and my friends food (that I dragged with me because I swore by the food) was cold and bland. Maybe an off day? Idk. Regardless,  switch has been my favorite for a long time and I would give another chance.
3	Switch is a great place for sandwiches for lunch or a late night meal.  Lots of space and a cute atmosphere with a small patio for fall and winter.  Although it overlooks a parking lot, the cushy blue furniture still makes the atmosphere appealing.  Start with the onion rings - they're crisp, crunchy, thick, and delicious.  Sandwiches There's a wide variety of sandwiches, many of which are quite good and feature ingredients like soft pretzel buns, housemade pickles, and grilled ciabatta.  Skip the lobster roll and go for one of the pitas or, if you're in the mood for something hearty and a little sweet, try the Southern Dump Truck.  Although the chicken batter won't be as crispy as you might like and will slide off of the thigh meat, the meat itself will be moist and flavorful.  Maple tabasco mayo and vidalia onion jam give it a real touch of sweetness to balance it against the tartness of housemade pickles, all sandwiched inside a pretzel bun with bacon and fried onion strings.  I wouldn't recommend it for a weekday lunch unless your job is compatible with post-lunch food comas!
5	Usually only do brunch here but... The food is good. The staff is friendly and the drink specials are always on. What more could I want?
5	I love this place! I've been here several times and I'm always wowed. They have delicious appetizers and drinks. I always get the White Sangria which is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite appetizer is the Thai beef tacos. I usually steer clear of spicy things, but Switch does a great job of balancing all their flavors so you get spicy, cool, and sweet ( not just in the tacos). I have not tried any of their main dishes because my friends and I always order too many appetizers. I can't wait to go back and try their main dishes. Our waiter was great, when my boyfriend didn't like his drink the waiter asked how they could fix it.
4	Had coworkers in from out of town and. The menu varied enough to please everyone. The macaroni and cheese was fantastic.
4	My friend brought me here for a "late bday" dinner and it's got the "FEZ" environment. We were seated and our waiter who was supper nice came and informed us of their appetizers of the day. We ended up getting the empanadas for our appetizer and my friend got the bleu burger and I got their Mac and cheese. The empanadas were delicious. They tasted like they had meat in them but were vegetarian. So good! And the balsamic dressing gave it a nice kick. My friend liked her burger but complained it was too messy and it fell apart easily. The Mac and cheese was delish! It was so cheesy and perfect! I loved t!
4	Lamb Lettuce wrap 'small plate' was big enough as a meal for me! and it was delicious! Our waiter forgot our appetizer and brought our food first. We said it was unnecessary to bring it at that point, and he brought it anyway but comped us. :)
5	This is, hands down, the best brunch in Phoenix. The $4.50 carafes of mimosas and bloody marys are beyond amazing, and the food is decadent and delicious. Don't come if you are on a diet, but do come if you love a great place to brunch in a fantastic CenPho atmosphere.
2	The food was acceptable... every bit as good as Arby's. The price was way out of line for the quality of food.The service was ridiculously bad. When we first walked in, the snippy guy at the Host station told us it would be 10 minutes before he could seat us. He said this as we were looking out over a half-empty restaurant. When we asked him why we would have to wait when the place was half empty, he replied that he was just doing his job, then sashayed away.When we did finally get to a table (place was still half empty), we waited quite a while to get a waiter. Waited an additional long time to get the food, then our waiter disappeared. We finished our meal without drink refills, and 20 minutes after we finished our meal, we had to ask another server to find ours for us to get the check. He showed up 5 minutes later and dropped off the check, then came back 10 minutes later to get our card to pay.As we tried to leave after paying, the main walkway was blocked by another server talking to people at a table. When we tried to go past him, he moved into our path more. So we had to turn around and go around the perimeter of the restaurant to get to the door that started out 10 feet from us.Ultimately, I won't go back. The staff was rude... every single one of them that we interacted with. Food was only okay, and overpriced.
4	BRUNCH AT SWITCH is where it's at!  Tried Switch on the recommendation of some friends and went there with a small group for Sunday brunch.  The place was busy, music was playing and people were bustling about everywhere as we walked in.  The atmosphere was very contemporary, but average dress was quite casual.  Even though we were a bit sandwiched at the back of the room next to several other groups in a make-shift arrangement of small tables, we got seated quickly and were rather comfortable.  The brunch menu had a good selection of items with popular names, but each one had Switch's own welcome twist.  Drink specials included mini-carafes (approximately 2 glasses each) of Mimosas, Cape Cods, Screwdrivers and Bloody Mary's for $4-$6 each and they all tasted very good, especially the Bloody Mary and the Mimosas.  My wife and I tried the Fruit Crepes and the house Chilaquiles, while the rest of the group indulged in the Huevos Rancheros, Breakfast Burritos and Breakfast Mac 'n Cheese.  Serving sizes were generous, but not too big.  Everyone enjoyed their dishes wholeheartedly and we all ate our plates clean.  I got a chance to try a couple of the items besides my own and I really liked the variety of textures and flavors they presented.  The only complaint we had was that some of the "hot" dishes arrived a bit on the cool side (though still warm in the center), likely from sitting as the staff waited to bring all the entrees out at once.  Our pleasant server always seemed to drop by just as we ran out of drinks and while there were a few times we had to wait to get something, it was obvious that the staff was very busy handling the rush of fellow brunch fans, so the small delays were completely understandable.  All in all, it was a pleasant experience and we are highly considering making this a monthly brunch stop just to "Switch" it up!  Recommended.
3	Came for a drink and my friend for a bit of food. The staff was not too helpful and was pushing us to order. Thw drinks were fine. When and if i go back i might change my mind as one bad experience. However. It was a cute area. Nice for a quiet night out with drinks.
5	One of my favorite places in town. Lately I have gone twice a week because it's very good and they are open late. Food is always good. Burgers, salads, sandwiches. All fantastic and a wide variety. Bruschetta or the croquettes of the day are both a must! Sean has been my server three times in two weeks and after tonight I will ask for him when he's there. He is very attentive and works hard. Sean is probably the best server I have had in years. Switch is a must try! Don't forget to ask for Sean and tip him well. He works hard!
4	I love this place! Food is fresh and delish. Service is great very friendly. Atmosphere is trendy.
4	I love this place! I've been here before in the past, but it was so long ago I can't remember when. I met a friend for lunch here today and what a great experience as always.We got there at noon and there was already a 15 minute wait.  If you want a good parking spot, make sure to get there early. They have a really cute patio out back for sitting outside when the weather's nice, which looked awesome!  I think they also have free wifi if I am correct.  I also enjoyed the couches in the front for waiting, but since I was waiting for my guest I did not utilize them.The menu here is really solid.  Lots to choose from with a vast selection of items.  I went with a burger with Cesar salad, and my friend went with a salad of her own.  We both love eating here, so it was really tasty.  I didn't have anything to drink from the bar, but that was because I had other stuff to do, so I had to hold off on getting hammered.I would recommend coming here for anyone, because the menu cannot be beat, and the food is delicious.
2	I thought this place was alright.  I hate the apricot BBQ chicken with the house salad.  The chicken was okay.  A little bland in flavor, requiring me to re-dip the skewer/lollipop back in the sauce several times as I ate it.  I'd give that a 2.5.  The salad with berries, onions and pralines we good.  The dressing was a bit thick and it's served on the side so it's a little challenging to evenly dress the salad without putting too much dressing on it when you don't have a bowl.  I dined with two people whose drinks looked beautiful and they seemed to enjoy them.  I can't say though, as I only drank water.
5	Always fantastic for brunch. Great mimosas. I've been here quite a few times and always enjoyed it.
4	Very cool place. I liked the atmosphereWe stopped in for lunch and sat on the patio. I could definitely see coming back here with friends in the evening to hang out, eat and have a few drinks.We started with a Bruschetta. It was different and very good. It was topped with egg, tomato, basil and sauteed onion on three and the other three had a sliced salami type meat, fresh parmesan chips and something else, I can't remember but it was good.I got the Cowboy burger for lunch which came with a small salad as the side.The burger was good, but the BBQ sauce was sweeter than I like so it became a distraction. I'd go with a different burger next time.
4	One of the better 'gathering spots' downtown.  The perfect spot for drinks and a light meal prior to a night on the town. Not the most exotic of menus but plenty of options that will please.
4	Really great place, mostly just tried the burgers off their menu. They used to have a Monday special on their burgers, but they discontinued it. Actually haven't been there since, but willing to eat there again. Sad to see the burger special go, their burgers are really good.
2	I was brought to Switch for dinner with some friends.The food was overpriced, the portions too small and the staff was just plain stuck up.Being that it was my first time there, I had high expectations of this place. Hearing from others that it was a great place.  Guess they were off they're game.
5	Love the atmosphere here. The food is delicious! Thank you Chef! We will be back!
4	Pretty good brunch food in a fun atmosphere. Everything that we ordered was good and the mimosas were made pretty well.
5	My favorite! The best burgers in town and amazing cocktails :)
4	Love this place for brunch! Great patio! Berry crepes with granola and yogurt were bomb!
