2	this place is dark, dingy and def a dive. uninspired, "hey, that beer sign is glued to the wall UPSIDE DOWN! this place sure is wacky!" and the bathrooms are gnarly. the staff two out of the three times I've been was college age and none to worried about pleasing their customers.the HH is pretty good, and it's a pitchers and wings type of place. the apps are HUGE! we ordered the half size nacho plate and it came out on a pizza pan! the only reason we go there is if we want to eat and drink cheap late at night (i think they serve til 1) and because they have trivia you can play on the big screens from remotes at your table.other than that, don't bother.
4	I am indeed a Prank-Stars fan.  Most times I would take a break after completing hole 3 at Coronado Golf Course and pop in for a few mid-round Miller Lites.  They have that bar trivia dealy which is fun, also pool tables, Golden Tee (a staple), and plenty of TVs.  The food won't win any awards but it's decent bar grub, but with Sonic, glorious Sonic, in the same plaza you may want to stick to the beers and eat either before or after.  An excellent dive bar in a town that sorely needs them.
3	Prankster's really isn't anything extraordinary, just a run of the mill dive bar, but I like the dives of Tempe. One of the reasons is the fact that it's unlikely you'll encounter Frankie Frat puffing out his chest in a courtship ritual to attract the ever preening Suzie Sorority.  This kind of bar act as repellent for those college aged kiddos. It might have something to do with the fact that it's really dark inside, illuminated by a couple lights and the glow of massive televisions that consume an entire wall of the bar. Nobody can possibly appreciate the hours it took to gel your hair just right or admire a brand new manicure in this cave-like atmosphere, but me and my low maintenance kind find it just peachy.The decor is unimaginative and functional, while the bathrooms...well, the toilets work and that's really all I'm looking for.  I remember that I came to the same 'epiphany' as Lauren V. half way through my first visit, "Ooooh, it's called Prankster's because they flipped all the signs upside down! What wild and crazy jesters! I better keep my eye on them or my potato skins might just be served upside down too!" Then I laughed heartily in a condescending manner and went back to sipping my way into a solid drunk.Which is what it basically boils down to for me: cheap drinks and trivia. I'll play some buzztime trivia for hours on a boring weekend afternoon, or until they switch to a sports category, then I just want to throw my controller at the screen. These impulses increase in turn with the number of drinks I consume. They've got a pretty big menu as well, which is a nice offering. It's just bar food, not some transcendent culinary delight, but it's decent. Don't get the chili though. Waaaay too earthy with all the cumin they add, to the point where it tastes like you're eating chili beans coated in dirt. I may have made a mean mud pie when I was younger, but those days are now behind me. If you go, get the nachos or the Hot Spot sandwich. Both are stellar. Not too many other things come even close.
4	Pranksters is the kind of place you go to have a drink. No frills, no hype, just a straight up hole in the wall kind of bar. This is the kind of place that you can show up in sweatpants and still be one of the best dressed people there.The drinks are cheap, the staff is friendly, and the food is some of the best bar food i've had in a while. The grilled cheese is phenomenal. There's a good selection of beers on tap/bottle and there's a special drink/shot for every day of the week. There's a big contingent of regulars that are always around and always ready to provide entertainment to all. Dogs and people alike are welcome.This joint is my Cheers.
4	Yup, totally loved my night out at Pranksters!  I love how everyone knows each other and there's even a dog that's a regular :-)  One thing that hasn't been mentioned  is the grilled cheese... yum!  Next time I will try harder to kick butt at the video trivia game.  It's hard though when there are a ton of tvs showing every sport on at the moment!  Cozy little patio is where we spent most of our evening after we ate.  Staff is fun and friendly!  I will for sure go back!  Don't forget though that there are two Prankster's, and this is the one in Tempe!
4	Pranksters isn't the best bar in America.  It's not the best bar in Arizona.  Hell, it's barely the best bar within a 3 block radius.  But it is close to home, affordable, and I've never gotten food poisoning or skunky beer there.In fact, I think the best thing about Pranksters is that it's not other bars.  It's not some fake Irish pub serving $8 Guinness pints.  It's not explicitly aimed at the college crowd.  It's not full of wanna-be gangbangers or middleaged Harley owners.  It's not full of the creepy plastic people from Scottsdale.  It's just a dive bar full of locals who show up for a few beers after work.When you've had a shitty day and you don't want to brave Mill Ave, drop in to Pranksters.  Order a mini-pitcher of Kiltlifter and the Cardinal Potato Skins and thank me later.
4	Great bar service and great drinks. That says it right there. Bartenders always seem to be right on.Whenever I get to this place they always seem to have a card tournment going on that I just miss. Which is kinda weird. I was there the other night and it looks like they've redone their bathrooms which is a plus. They were getting pretty trashy there for awhile. Seems like Pranksters gets alot of regulars, when I do stop in usually see alot of the same loyalists. The interior is not as dark as I prefer in my dives, but  you can always go outside to the patio. I can tell this is not a particularly popular place (which may actually not be a bad thing); but definatly a good place to drink with close friends (espically if your from CHICAGO or know anything about Chicago sports teams). They have food and it's good. So there you go.I found all the upside down, crazy, crap on the walls to be lame and annoying. But hey, what do I know... Maybe flipped signs and pictures are funny as hell when youre trashed. I just don't see it though.But yeah, did I mention the service was kick ass here? Had to tack on a 4th star for all the hustle and on-the-ball-ness.
3	random stop on our way home because we were hungry late-night.  yummy bar food (i had the grilled chicken philly... needed a bit of salt and pepper, but it was awesome with the mushrooms and green peppers).  portions are filling.  the wings are fantastic.  service wasn't all that great, but nothing terribly annoying.  nice atmosphere... dark, but not too dark.  enough people around to feel cozy, not loud.  it's got that old log-cabin lived-in feel.  wear whatever you want, sweatpants, leather, sports clothes, etc.
3	Oh, Pranksters.  You are always a good time.  Every day of the week has a different drink special and the food is always good.  Simple, greasy, fattening bar food... but, delicious and perfect for the late night munchies that always seem to strike while drinking.  I like that this place is mellow and removed from the people and craziness of Mill Ave.
4	This is a good dive bar with friendly bartenders and good cheap food. If you blink you may drive past it. I come here once in a while when I am in the neighborhood and don't want to deal the Mill Ave phonies....
4	In addition to the name, which I love by the way, I really liked this place.  I went here with some coworkers after work for a couple of beers.  There were five of us, we each got an appetizer and each had two or more beers apiece and our tab was $50.  Not too bad for a couple hours of drinking on the patio.  They have a pretty decent selection of food and we all seemed to enjoy our fare (nothing special, just your typical bar food), and they offer mini pitchers of beer (I love that).My only complaint is that they allow smoking on their patio.  It's just gross.  But, the patio is big enough that we just moved "upwind" from the smokers and we were fine.  This would be a great spot to go watch a couple of games on the patio in the gorgeous weather and have a few drinks.  I'll be back again.
4	THE FoOD IS AWESOME!!! For a bar! :) If your looking for a place to eat late night.. they rock!! Big screen TV's everywhere, free happy hour buffet on the weekdays, but best of all is that its a hole in the wall bar with best food ever!! Ya sure they have regular bar food.. but wait till to you see the 3 page menu of deliciousness served till 2AM!! YES.. 2AM!!  You name it! They have it! Pot roast mashed potatoes gravy... tacos.. french dip.. You ever ask yourself?.."man.. its really late and Im hungry.."..    North east corner of Broadway and Rural! See ya there!
3	This place is alright. Kitschy name, fine food. Nothing spectacular at the bar. Nothing amazing on the menu. This is a neighborhood bar, there are always regulars in. Not a bad sort, some of them can be quite drunk at times though.
4	Huge fan of this place.  Unexpectedly so... I live right off Broadway and have blindly driven right past Pranksters without quite noticing it... or at least giving it much thought.  Ladies and gentleman, I was wrong.  Pranksters deserves our attention and our hepatic cells.  Every day of the week there is a different 'special' (cheap food and drink items). I prefer Sundays for their phenomenal bloody marys.  I haven't had one that great without using the Zing Zang mix (which I highly recommend).  Bartenders are great and bathrooms are decent too!The place is really large but its unfortunate that the bar area is so small and crowded.  There are only 8ish chairs at the bar and the pool table is RIGHT there. So if you decide to play make sure you look where you are jabbing that cue.  Also be careful if you are walking nearby... you may get jabbed, mess up someone's shot, get a dirty look while giving a dirtier look.
4	Nice place and attentive staff.  They have half pitchers of beer for cheap.  Pool tables and outdoor seating complete the package.  They have a good selection of beer on tap.  Can't go wrong here.
4	Came here for a friends going away party this past weekend.  A little tough to find because the address is also in Mesa and Phoenix.. so make sure you know where you're going. We had a party on the patio along with another large party.  It was amazing.  I've never been here, so for a place that's a bar and grill.. they had some of the tastiest bar food I have ever had.   The service was great and we were never left unattended.  My girlfriend is allergic to cilantro so when she asked for certain foods, the girl there took great care of us.  We would definitely be back even though it's across town.  Just a cool place.
4	Finally made it out here with my co-workers on Monday night and I was so glad I did!  Apparently Monday is karaoke night and I was laughing so hard I was crying.  There was a very eclectic mix of people so the songs and dance moves were at both ends of the spectrum.The prices were great, I got there late (around midnight) so I didn't order too much but my bill for a Vodka Red Bull and 10 wings was only around $7!  The wings were kind of small and didn't have a ton of meat but the flavor was good and the drink was made well.  I forsee many Monday nights here laughing until I cry so next time I'll come prepared and make sure my mascara is waterproof!
5	The staff here is what makes this place great. The bartenders are good at making a variety of excellent drinks and are experienced, not to mention they have cheap and ever-changing daily drink specials!
4	I just love this place. There are times for fine dining, and times to just kick back at a bar with the friendliest of staff, watch some sports, play some trivia, and knock back an Adios Futher Mucker (just in case we get censored here). The food is way above par for what some would term a dive bar. This is my "go to" bar whenever I'm in Tempe.
5	This place is my Cheers.  I go in there with the same people all the time and when we walk in the staff greets us with a smile and knows our names and they know what my favorite drink is (whiskey on the rocks).  I don't know what this says about my friends and I and our drinking habits, but it says a lot for the staff.  They make you feel welcome and you feel like part of the Pranksters family.  The drinks are strong and pretty cheap, and they have one of the best reubens around in my opinion.  And the onion rings are killer too.  If you want a bar where you can go to just feel comfortable and have a nice conversation with some friends, or meet some interesting and friendly new people, this is the place.  If you are saying "fuck it...I just wanna dance!" then go somewhere else.
4	I drive by this place every single day so on a Saturday night my fiance and I decided to check it out.  We got there around 9pm and it wasn't terribly busy.....there was a party outside on the balcony of about 10 patrons and maybe 5 people inside. It's your typical dive bar--the staff was friendly and the drinks were reasonably priced. We made our way to the balcony after a few drinks and the people that were out there (It may have been the owner or the manager based on the conversations) made us feel welcome......there was even an adorable dog out there that would occasionally swing by for some lovins. We've visited on a few other occasions since then because it's close to home and the vibe there is super chill.
3	Look out for their specials! Each day, they have.drinks.and.food. Today is Saturday, they have 8Oz steak & veggies.& soup for.$8.25 and long island iced tea for $3.50 and ipr can for $2! Shot of the day.. White trash apple. no commentHidden place indeed! The bar is located on Broadway in Tempe. I think I would miss this place if it weren't for the lights.Their specials are very tempting. Too bad we weren't feeling the crowd much and only grabbed A drink. There are table seats, bar seats and bench seats. The bar feels like a dive bar but actually feeds you food. Too bad we didn't get to try it.Looking for a place to watch a game? I would recommend here since there are big screen T.Vs all over the place. There's darts, pool and I think a scratchers machine. I would much rather spend the money on their cheap drinks than scratchers! HEHE I would recommend you all to look at their webpage to see what's on their special. http://prankstersgarandbrill.com/specials.html#liquid-specials Oh...Did I mention they have daily shots?! They are very creative naming their shots of the day. :P
4	Five stars!! Why? Because the food is excellent and they serve it till 2 am! It's definitely a dive sports bar but they have the best food around! Always fresh, large portions and great prices! Happy hour specials daily and the service is great too! On one side is the bar with two pool tables and dart board and then the other half is dedicated to several big screen TVs to watch your favorite sporting event with room for large groups. Free daily happy hour buffet of your basics, nachos, wings, veggies. You must stop in and try the special!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! My boyfriend lives right by here and me and his roommates walk here all the time for some drinks. Good prices for beers but I come here for the food! Cheapest bar food ever and HUGE portions! Me and my friend got a half order of nachos for $6 and it came on a pizza plate... took 4 of us to chow it down. They have really funny themes for each day like trailer park, mexican standoff, irish invasion, etc. MONDAYS ARE KARAOKE NIGHT, and this is when me and my friends go! Great times, fun songs, and great overall atmosphere!
4	Place is pretty solid.  Good prices on beer.  Great wing prices.  Darts.   Photo hunt.  The only inconsistency is the service.  Once I went there and came in just before the happy hour ended and by time the waitress took our order, it was over.  She never bothered to just get the manager over ride the register, to which she acted as though was impossible.  Annoying and lazy.  Another time, the bartender completely forgot that she took a dollar bill and never gave me my change.  Even when I asked I her, she had no recollection.  I was left with the impression that she just took my word for it.  I've had much worse service don't get me wrong, but I have also had better.
3	The location is hard to find, drove by the place a few times.  Kinda tacky inside, but a good place to kick back.  Wings were very good, cooked crispy and not smothered in sauce.  Would go back.
1	I went here for a friends birthday and must say that it will be the last time I ever go to Pranksters. Maybe I'm new to the bar scene, but having servers with attitudes and being bitchy to customers isn't my idea of a good time. My friend ordered a water, another friend ordered an iced tea, and I ordered a cider. It was hot outside, so it would be a nice break, right? Well 30 minutes later there is no sight of our waitress and no drinks. She finally comes out with an iced tea and walks away, but not before we flag her down. Turns out she forgot our orders even though she had the receipts. She did apologize, but it still took her 5 MORE minutes to bring a water and 10 minutes to bring a cider.  Another friend was trying to order and she completely ignored him. She didn't show up until closing time (2 hour later) to give us checks and shoo us all out. I went to use the bathroom on the way out and had a waitress look me straight in the eye and say "UGH, THAT'S WHY WE HAVE A CLOSING TIME". I'm sure there are nicer waitresses working there and maybe they were just having a bad night, but that was more than I wanted to deal with and the WORST service I've ever gotten anywhere, period. I won't be going back.
3	Been here numerous times now.  It's pretty consistent with regards to what to expect. And that's not much. The good prices are what makes it worth going to.  The people aren't overly friendly, more there just to pay the rent.  I think the more you are there, the more friendlier they are, but don't expect much if you aren't a regular, or if you don't kiss their ass like some of the regular drunks.
4	Free food after 4pm & 12 flat screen TVs on the wall. What more can you ask for? Friendly staff, and entertaining regulars.
4	Stopped after the Jimmy Buffett concert. Service was great, beer was cold. Seemed like a nice crowd. Will have to go back and try the food.
4	I do love this bar, BUT a few months ago they changed the cheese that came with the pretzels and that is just not okay.
3	This is a good place for good beer prices and decent bar foot. It has been open for over 20 years and nothing has changed!! The bar seating is a little awkward, but the tables all have good views of the TV's. The servers are friendly.
4	I don't know where everyone was but this is a rad little place. Pretty good food, cheap beers and quite delicious. Very personable staff as well. I enjoyed my visit.
1	Unless your idea of a good time.. is being waterboarded by a group of jack booted Neo-Nazi Thugs.. DO NOT go to this place. The call drinks are way over priced compared to some of the other local dive bars. The foods OK.. for bar food. My main problem  is with a very rude and particularly obnoxious waitress/bartender. She was so rude..and even resorted to calling me names the last..THE VERY LAST time I went there..I've never experienced such a terrible attitude from someone who's in the food and beverage service business, like she was..My shadow, will never cast it's image, on the doorway of this sorry, armpit of a bar again !!I rated this joint..a one (1) star.. only because I didn't have the option of rating it zero or even a negative number !!
1	June 25, 2014: Normally this place has pretty good food. Their pretzels with cheese are really good. Today my work colleagues and I went to Pranksters for lunch. When we got there we immediately were overwhelmed by the smell of urinal cakes and raw sewage. It was overwhelming but when we asked the waitress about it, she said she didn't notice it.  Really?  I think she was instructed not to acknowledge it if customers were to ask about it. How could she NOT notice?Update: July 18: my co workers and I went back, expecting that the odor would be now resolved. No luck. We walked in, took one breath, and were hit with the exact same odor as 4 weeks prior. We turned around and got back in the car. A man, I presume was the manager, followed us outside and apologized and told us they had someone coming to address it later that day. I can't imagine going back again.
5	great beer great prices....thanks Perry
1	This place smells like sewage.  It literally smells like ten years of urine, and feces.  If that's not bad enough, the help and patrons are just as bad as the smell.
