4	Welcome to your neighborhood mail house. It's small, it's divey, it's quaint and it's great! When I walk into Mail Call, it takes me back to my childhood days of visiting the neighborhood post office. Forget about the US Mail post offices, this is your local mom and pop shop and what makes the city great. This is the place to mail items. They don't have a ton of items on stock and amenities but if you need something mailed and quickly without waiting in an hour line at the post office, check out this place. Every time I've gone, I've been in and out within five minutes. Not bad!! Plus, the service is so friendly. One time, I purchased a stamp for a letter and sadly didn't have any cash so I was going to pay with card. Instead of taking my card, the owner took change from his bowl and paid for it. Now does this happen at a chain post office? I doubt it! So there's not much more I can say besides that this service is friendly, fast and correct. You can't beat that!
5	The owners are nice. I go here for all my mailing needs. They are fair priced.
5	Mail Call is a full service shipping store. The owners are great-they are friendly and accommodating. I purchase shipping supplies from them are their prices are very fair, much less than a larger place up in the airpark. They take care all of my local needs and get the job done. Kudos to Mail Call!
5	Great place .. Jay is actively involved in the business and is always available to help.. He always has my partials ready for me to pick up and i dont even have to ask..
5	Jay is always so friendly and helpful - Even if it's closer for me to go somewhere else, I'll still go to Mail Call because of the great customer service and friendly atmosphere!  Plus the helpful staff and short lines make it worthwhile.  (I've been a customer for 4 years now & counting!)
5	Mail Call is a small unobtrusive business specializing in shipping and mail boxes. I am lucky I found and used them ever since as they provide outstanding service and reasonable pricing. I have been using them since I discovered them several years ago, and I keep returning to them to ship FedEx and purchase shipping supplies for my eBay work. They have gone out of the way to help me out when in a bind, and i am thankful for the personal and effective service. Thank you Jay!
5	I look forward to picking up my mail here!Yes I have my normal mail box at home but needed this place for safe packages and  extra secure mail . Jay is a wonderful person. He calls when I have a package delivered . I refer all friends and family here for anything they might need . You will not find a better place ! Jay has been more than helpful helping me with huge boxes to my car - he goes the extra mile ! just come here ; you will see for yourself! Can't say enough great things ! :)
