5	Many things change with age...boo hoo. since my wife has been taking one for the team for years, i finally decided to stop my selfish ways and look out for her health and I took one for the team. Dr. Darson came recommended via an acquaintance of ours. My first appointment was cordial and professional. He explained all the intricacies of the "procedure" and what to expect after the fact. I felt very comfortable speaking with him. Unlike most doctors I deal with on a daily basis, he spent a significant amount of time answering my questions and just simply going over everything. i was set to go for my "procedure" a month later!For the procedure, I was sent to one of the office suites right on time. I was nervous of course. And initially, Dr. Darson's prep assistant made me extremely uncomfortable. he didn't say a word. when i asked what i should do, he just said "strip from the waist down and wait". came in a few seconds later, still no sound except "sit on the table". then as i'm laying back, he keeps running into my feet as he rushes around the room. it didn't make me any more comfortable. so i'm laying there with all my manhood just exposed and rethinking my decision. as the procedure began, he warmed up. i guess he was waiting for me to talk to him, so i started asking him about his kids, his job, sports, etc. It was a lot more relaxed after that. but what set the bar was Dr. Darson. He made me feel completely at ease. he talked to me throughout like a person, not a patient. not many doctors do that (as i'm sure most of you know). he explained step by step what he was doing, interjected with social questions about my day, my life, just stuff. it was really reassuring. 20 minutes later and i was all done. that's it! a few follow-ups in the weeks to come, and i'll be good to go. plan ahead though. you are advised not to work or lift heavy objects or strenuous exercise for 7-10 days, so plan accordingly. overall, highly recommended doctor and procedure.....just be sure you don't ever, ever, ever want any/more babies!!!! his procedure is pretty darn permanent!
1	The office staff, Woodruff's MA and the entire billing team are completely useless to dealing with their own billing mistakes after my visit. 6 months later now and every time I call no one ever gets back to me and now my account is about to go into collections all because they coded it incorrectly and my insurance doesn't want to cover my bill.
1	I had an appointment for 2:15.  It's 3:28 now and I still haven't seen a doctor. Very frustrated.
