3	While the quality of the pizza depends on the time of day you order and the decor leaves a lot to be desired, for a transplanted resident who HATES PA liquor laws, they have a great variety of beer available for what is basically a hole-in-the-wall pizza place. Also, delicious provolone sticks, but why doesn't anyone in this city sell mozzarella sticks.
4	Seriously my favorite pizza in the 'burgh! The cheese mix is amazing, and the crust is nice and thin. Awesome people work there and good beer prices/selection.
4	great pizza from the graziano family. great subs, tasty sauces, nice crust, lots o beer.no complaints what-so-ever
5	Pittsburgh's BEST pizza, hand's down - I recommend plain or extra cheese.  I know a bunch of people who agree.  The owner is always nice, the workers aren't bothersome, but the beer prices are a bit steep -- good selection though.  They forgot to make our order once, but the pizza is so good that it doesn't matter.Note to some other raters:  Don't rate take-out places based on their staff.  Just get in, buy your great pizza, and go enjoy it!  I agree that the workers aren't the most personable people, but it's not even considered an obstacle to a taste so amazing!
5	The best pizza in Pittsburgh, hands down.  6 stars for the pizza, n/a for the other food, 4-star decent beer selection for the size of the place, 2 star for the prices, 5 stars for the owner, 2 stars for the employees/service, 5 stars for timeliness. When it comes down to it I rate take-out and delivery places mostly based on food taste because I am not going elsewhere for superior service and inferior food, so Graziano's gets 5 stars by my standards. I have friends who visit from out of town who order it to take home. It's that good. Don't be fooled by the single slices though, as it seems they use a different recipe for them (they kinda suck). Go for the large plain or extra cheese. Perfecta!
5	Pretty darn yummy etc. Wings are toKill for, or at least poke eyes out for.
4	The pizza is good overall--not too much sauce, fantastic crust, okay cheese--and it is great for the price.  A little greasy, but once that's wiped away and a little parm is sprinkled on top, the pizza veers towards excellence.  $12 and change for the large pie.  They also sell 40's and 6-packs of beer, ranging from PBR to Victory and Bell's for somewhat decent prices, around $9 per 6-pack.  You can also pick up some Boone's Farm, which I only mention for the sheer hilarity.While I'm happy to take-out from here, I'd probably end up dropping a star if I ever stayed inside for longer than 5 minutes--it's fairly filthy.  However, the staff is nice and it never takes longer than 20 minutes for a take-out order to be ready.
4	I was in Pittsburgh since yesterday from out of town on business. Tonight was the conclusion a long day and all I wanted was to go back to my hosteI and maybe grab a bite to eat. In my haste to get dinner before I passed out, I almost made the mistake of entering Fazio's, the other hole-in-the-wall pizza joint on Penn Avenue in Lawrenceville. Well-I am glad I did not do that!  Remembering that the restaurant I quickly Yelped before walking out from the hostel had a longer name, I continued to walk down Penn Avenue until I found Graziano's. Upon entering, I was greeted by a slightly unwelcoming smell. It wasn't pizza I was smelling, or at least fresh pizza. But I remembered how positive all the reviews on Yelp were. I was a little disappointed when I saw how small their menu was, and yet it still took me a while to order. I first contemplated getting the fried fish with french fries. I do love a crispy fish sandwich. There was even a girl at another table who had just gotten hers for eating there. I tried to inconspicuously spy her fried fish. It looked good but it's a who lot a fish. I decided to order the steak and cheese sub instead. Now that I am home eating, I am glad I went to Graziano's and I am very impressed with their steak sub. Meaty, greasy, tangy, and large. What more can I say? That's a good steak sub. The bread is slightly toasted but still soft. Just perfect. I don't know many places that put Italian dressing and mayo on steak and cheeses, but I like the combo. It's more than enough food for 2 and only costed 9 bucks. I think I will finish it all off because I did not eat lunch today. MMM. stiill got lots more to enjoy. I recommend Graziano's for take out, not eating in. There are tables and chairs, but as I mentioned...the smell is a little off-putting. like the inside of an old dish cloth.  If they could fix that, they would be golden.
3	I stopped by Graziano's last night for some pizza with a friend.  She had suggested that we eat there because she had heard that they had some good pizza.  The outside of the place doesn't have the appearance but is consistent with all of the buildings on the block.  Once you are inside though the place is pretty clean.  There are probably around 10 tables in the dining room portion of the restaurant with a single flat screen hung in one corner so that you can watch as you eat.  Just past the dining room and on the way to the register were about 6 beer coolers filled with everything from your normal adjunct lagers to Four Loko and even some more expensive 22 oz Dog Fish Head bottles.  As a beer lover who normally doesn't drink adjunct lagers if I can help it, I was really impressed with their selection.  As a matter of a fact in the hour or so that we were there, I actually saw more people get beer to go than order their food.  For our dinner we decided to get a large pizza with chicken on it.  It came out piping hot and I was surprised at how large it actually was.  What I was not as big of a fan of was the amount of grease that was still on the pizza but I understand that is what happens with cooked cheese  As with most pizzas, there are the three major components to them cheese, sauce and crust.  The crust was definitely the standout of this pie as it was crispy while not being too think.  The sauce was merely average as I did not really notice any spices in it or anything to distinguish it from anything else.  Finally the cheese was decent, there was a lot of it, and I enjoyed the garlic flavoring that was with the cheese.  Overall it wasn't the best pizza in the world but I enjoyed eating it and it got the job done.The bottom line for me is that I may head back here in the future.  The price is definitely right and the food was decent enough but where they really shine is their beer selection.
3	Adequate. $17 for a large. Canned mushrooms a big bummer.
4	Lived in a number of neighborhoods in Pittsburgh and finding that locations best pizza is always a challenge.  I have followed friends advice, magazine reviews, etc., etc. with mixed success.  Having moved to Stanton Hts. I was at a loss, but driving around Bloomfield, the first one to catch my eye was Graziano's. A great mix of locals, students and employees from Children's Hospital.  The pizza was great.  Somewhat thin crust, baked bubbly and crispy around the edges, can use more sauce but the mix of cheeses quickly remedies that shortage.  Toppings are great.  Makes a great breakfast the next day outta the fridge!!The beer selection is admirable.  The service varies depending on who is at the counter.Since discovering Graziano's I have been up and down Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield and always return to Graziano's.  The only other place to get my business would be Aiello's in Squirrel Hill.
1	I ordered a Veggie Pizza with 4 different toppings and did not really enjoy it a lot. They use some oil which smell different that killed the taste of my pizza. Also, the toppings were not greatly blended, just rather sprinkled. DIdn't even enjoy the pizza crust.I work right next door, but wont go there again.I usually dont write reviews. Was surprised Yelp had 4 stars and I was disaoopinted, so writing my experience.So sharing my input that may help others make an uinformed choice causeI think 4 stars is misleading.
