5	I have attended many different types of events at The Caves and they have all been enchanting. One of the great things about Edinburgh is the history and architechture allows for amazing buildings/venues like this. The venue is a serious of winding caves and vaults, which will probably lead you to get lost at some point. There is so much history related to this place that it really sets it apart from other venues.We had our first night of Freshers Week here and it truely was outstanding. As students spending our first night away from home, with many of us new to Edinburgh's nightlife we were all amazed by this mysterious place. To me, bars were a plain room with a bar in the middle and some seats either side. Not underground caves! It really was a great introduction to Edinburgh. There is a real Gothic, mysterious feel to this place and it add that extra special touch to an event. They cater for all types of events here including weddings, corporate events, private parties and gigs. This venue really is unique and spectacular, if you are invited to an event here you simply must attend!
5	If you are ever invited to go to the Caves- DO IT! It usually is open for particular events, rather than everyday club nights and can host a variety of music tastes. What makes this place so amazing is the fact that it's in actual caves, with many secret corridors and rooms- all of which are open during the Fringe. The upstairs bar and balcony is great to have a drink and chill and watch the people downstairs. The atmosphere is further enhanced by the cool lighting and the dark and heavy furniture and decoration, which anywhere else would look tacky but here it somehow works brilliantly.It certainly has a lead as far as ambiance is concerned and it basically represents one of those clubs that totally sums up the city you are in- it represents what you expect to find from a secret Edinburgh. If only it was open more often! Oh and keep you eyes peeled for the Cow backside on the corner, as theire are no big signs for the entrance of the Caves.
5	Huge venue? Check. Gorgeous surroundings and stone-vaulted ceiling underground? Check. Loads of bars? Check.The Caves is only open for one-off nights unlike most clubs, but you can guarantee anything that's put on here will be good. If nothing else, it has the reputation of always being a good night - but without being pretentious like so many other Edinburgh clubs - and so there's always a really good atmosphere.Recently, they've also turned their hand to private events too. I went to an end of year uni ball here, and it was absolutely excellent, from the great service to the quirky surroundings. It's not often you can say you've sat in the vaults underneath the Old Town and had a 3-course dinner and champagne reception one night, and the next time you're there be at  UV drum & bass club night!There are two dancefloor areas downstairs, but what I love about it the most are all the little winding passages and nooks and crannies, where you'll stumble across cute little 6-person seating areas, or a balcony overlooking the dancefloor.Basically, if you haven't been already then you need to get yourself along at the next available opportunity.
4	I really, really like The Caves. I wish it was actually a full time night club or bar, because I'd be keen to attend this underground party and events venue quite regularly. I've been to The Caves on several occasions for private parties, and the atmosphere of the venue brilliantly suits general merriment and fiesta indulgence. The low lighting, arched cave ceilings and character laden interior make The Caves a fantastic place to dance, drink, and do dark deeds in dark corners (nothing too bad, maybe just a cheeky smooch). Anyway, the point is that hanging out in The Caves makes you feel very cool and underground, because, well...you are underground, but also because partying in a sultry lit cave with no view of the outside world makes you feel like you're part of something no one know about for a few hours. Parts of The Caves feel like you've gone back in time a few hundred years, or you're on a film set where something spooky is about to occur. One off club nights are held here now and again, so get in on one if you fancy having a peek at this venue, or else crash someone's wedding if you fancy a more challenging manner of gaining entry.
4	The Caves is somewhere I didn't even know about before I was invited there for a friend's 30th birthday.  This may not be surprising, as it is underground, and thus not immediately noticeable.  It's a gem of an events venue - not something you'd expect from a windowless cave.I think that I wasn't in the biggest of the rooms they have, but in one of the smaller bar areas, which had a small dance floor-esque space at one end of it.  It provided a great cosy atmosphere, and definitely helped the party to go off with a bang.  There was just about enough seating for everybody, and it didn't feel too cramped.There's not much more I can say that hasn't already been said about this place.  A great, quirky venue that you should visit at least once!
5	This is my favourite venue in Edinburgh. Not only because they put on really good nights, but because it's such an interesting space. Plus, it's in the Cowgate, so in contrast with all the other terrible Cowgate spaces, it gets many a thumbs up and high-fives and all that jazz.It's a real labyrinth, and if you're sneaky enough when you're in there, there are doors to be opened, and underground corridors to be prowled. Or discovered, is the more accurate word. It just feels like you're in Edinburgh underground city when you're in there and that's just too good to miss out on. There are really high ceilings, and it feels like a gothic dungeon. You should definitely go there if you see a good night on. You'll feel like Dracula might swoop down at you at any moment. Which is good, right?
5	The Caves are an intensely amazing experience. Usually open for very special events (notably for Fringe shows), the Caves have a very exclusive feel since you know you can't experience them on just any old night of the week.Floodlit, dingy and occasionally dripping with water, the Caves are in actual fact very well kept and have bars etc inside. You feel like you're in a swanky bunker, or burrowing into a secret underground society, but whatever it feels like it's damn good.I saw a cracking show in here a few years back called "24 Ways To Die". It was an amazing performance executed by a fantastically flamboyant cast, but The Caves definitely heightened the experience and lend to it being more memorable. I wish they were open all year round, but maybe that would detract from their appeal. They serve us well as a secret annual portal to another realm.
5	Why hello Mr Caves. You kept yourself quiet didn't you?I'd heard of The Caves but was unsure where exactly they were, until last night. As Anna F says below, they're not the usual gig and club venue and have an air of exclusivity - and that's why they retain that 'wow' factor when you walk in, and that pretty much lasts throughout your entire time there.I was lucky enough to get tickets, off the waiting list, for the opening night of Edinburgh's Let's Get Lyrical festival running through February. The show was two acoustic sets from Ziggy (from Found) and King Creosote (which in themselves deserve a review - amazing), with a panel session sandwiched in between.With the lights dimmed, candles lining the brick walls, and a big projection of the Let's Get Lyrical sign emblazened onto the back wall, the atmosphere was perfect for the show. The room itself isn't huge, but also isn't tiny. It's at once intimate, yet still spacious and not too cramped. The audience could interact with the acts and panel without sitting on their laps.Tucked up Niddry Street (so now you know where it is!) or rather, down Niddry Street, The Caves really are quite a hidden gem, but one I would definitely recommend going to if you get the chance. And, if like me, youre trying to find them on a dark, wet night, there's not much in the way of signage except a small plaque on the wall, with 'The Caves' etched lightly into it. It just added to the mystery!
5	Just returned from a friend's wedding at The Caves and ... just ... WOW!  What a venue!  So much atmosphere and despite obviously not being purpose built, all the different little areas and quirky features of the cave layout lend themselves really well to events.  We got some faaaaaaaaabulous pics with such amazing backdrops.  I was worried it might look a bit Adam's Family but the way the venue staff had decorated it with lots of candles and flowers somehow managed to create an enchanting romantic yet still quite edgy and cool look.Fabulous location - it was really easy for me (from out of town) to find cheap accommodation nearby which was a real bonus.
5	I know The Caves as a gig and club venue, but I know they hire the space out as a wedding venue too.  It's located in the heart of Edinburgh's Old town and the massive brick arches support South Bridge.  I love how they illuminate the space, using coloured lighting and candles creating an unique atmospheric venue.  The main vault houses the stage for bands and DJs.  There is a balcony which overlooks the stage too, which seems to re-create itself throughout the evening, from sturdy timber tables and chairs - to soft leather couches at night. There's no seating in the main stage area, so if you need a rest of to chill out, pop up to the balcony via the fire escape like steps by the bar.  Oh and the sound is great in here too!
5	I had my wedding in The Rowantree last month and it was simply perfect. The staff really know what they are doing and are very helpful. The venue is beautiful in it's own right so is stunning without loads of expensive decoration. For my budget I could have chose a hotel and made it nice with decorations but it would never have had the wow factor The Rowantree had. Everyone loved it and the food was delicious. Yes it's quite dark for photos but it's a cave so to be expected. I highly recommend it for an autumn or winter wedding.
4	This is a pretty damn cool space! I visited for an Edinburgh Fringe show (Frankenstein: Unbolted - well worth seeing!) and didn't know anything about the venue until we got here. Clue: there's not just one cave - there's many!We queued outside and got into the show quickly and the space was super cool. It reminds me a lot of the Arches and similar venues in Glasgow with the stone arched roof, but in a very cool way. For seeing a show it was very comfortable and atmospheric. I didn't get to see much more of the space than the room we were in as we headed back out as soon as the show was done, but now that I know this space is here I'd definitely head back for another show in the future.
