4	Managing to bag a super deal on some North Face gear for a Father's day gift I was chuffed with the discounted offerings at Black's.Like other mountaineering retailers you'll find all the typical Gortex jackets and OTT climbing equipment. Unlike the majority, Black's seems a little more approachable for the average punter as the friendly staff make this all possible.Worth a peak.
4	Blacks is always a great high street retailer to go to if you're looking for a tent that will bear the Scottish weather. It's pretty popular with my friends who love nothing more than climbing a Munro every weekend.Since it's festival season and the height of summer (yes, we do actually get a taste of the sun in Scotland!), Blacks will no doubt be heaving with people looking for a good pair of wellies and durable tents. They have all sorts of clothing and gear to help you grapple with the great outdoors, and even though this shop is designed for people who take their camping seriously, you'll find something in here that lasts.Yes, it's quite pricey, but selling popular outdoor brands such as North Face and Berghaus, you know you're getting a Mac that will last a lifetime. You can get some funky camping bags and tents in Blacks, but contemporary design is combined with practicality. It's also worth popping your head in on the off chance they have a sale, since their reductions are ususally quite dramatic!If you're going to a festival this year, I wouldn't overlook Blacks. However, if you are more interested in festival chic (and let's face it, it's more appealing dancing through mud wearing the hottest wellies in town), I'd get thyself to Schuh for the boots, and Tesco for the tent. Blacks is a place for people who are game for a hike, or investing in a family tent that will last a lifetime.
3	My summer festival plans didn't quite work out, but this is exactly the kind of place I would have visited to get kitted out!They sell all manners of outdoor and hiking gear (tents, rucksacks,boots, clothes etc) and though the shop is quietly hidden away on Elm Row, I learnt it's quite a large group with many stores all over the UK. I will come out and say I am NOT the outdoorsy kind of girl, and the only reason I discovered Blacks was so I could buy an umbrella to shield me from the Edinburgh rain! However, the man at the till was really friendly, and Australian (very good for their image!) and incase you were wondering the umbrella's doing quite a good job so far.
4	Blacks is one for the Action Men out there and if you're looking for outdoor gear, clothing or other accessories then you've hit the jack pot in Blacks. They're the creme de la creme of the camping world and as such can be a bit pricier than other stores such as Mountain Warehouse, Decathlon etc. Nevertheless, due to the excellent quality of the brands here you won't be disappointed by your purchases.This particular branch is on the small side but it still has a good selection of the essentials and they often have offers on, especially if you're buying items in bulk.
4	As the winter rolls around and so does the school year I decided I needed to have a new backpack, like a little kid I felt I need a new one every school year, so I decided to head on into Blacks while on my epic quest. They are having a sale right now so that was good. I browsed around the store a bit. They have a good round selection of cloths, hiking gear, backpacks for hiking and going on epic quests, shoes, and stuff like that. The backpack selection is good and things are quite cheap there. I was torn between the cheaper one or a North Face one, but wanting to be different and not cliche I went with the cheap one. Staff was meh not great but not bad. The guy helped me get the stuffing out of my pack since it was the last one left which was nice of him. The store will be one of my new favorites for hiking and camping gear!
