5	I love this place!The owners are friendly and accomodating.The hummus is fresh tasting and creamy.  Their warm pita is super tasty whether you eat it with the hummus or one of their salads.I have to admit I'm so addicted to the hummus and their creamy dressing that I always get a salad and a side of hummus. I've tried the chicken shwarma sandwich as well...tasty, not dry..great.Bill the delivery guy is just as great and friendly as the rest of the staff.what a great place to go to instead of the chain fast food places!
4	I would give Sultan's Grill 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that at least 4 separate nights when I came to their restaurant and they were OUT OF LAMB!That means no Gyro and Fries for me.  Too bad too, because their Gyros, Fries and Cucumber Sauce are a great value and very tasty!That is the reason why I would not hesitate to drop by for lunch or in the early afternoon.
5	Chicken Shawarma lunch, sandwich, salad, shish kabob, tzatziki are all deliscious.  A must eat!
4	I like this place and it is a way better option for lunch compared to fast food or something.  I like the gyros but the chicken shawarma is what I usually get because it's good.  The prices are right and the service is friendly and fast.  Not the worlds best but there are not a lot of shawarma options in vegas and this place is great for lunch.
4	This is my second review of this place and I really wish I could give Sultan's Grill 5 stars!The only thing is the fact that at least 4 separate nights when I came to their restaurant and they were OUT OF LAMB and then today during lunch they were OUT OF SPINACH PIES!I came around 1pm today so luckily, they didn't run out of  the stuff to make Gyros, Fries and Cucumber Sauce.  I am a fan of those.  I could eat their gyros all day and night.Quick Tip: They have spinach pies on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays only.  I wish I could have the chance to try it out, though.Also, it appears they are open Sundays per the signa posted today.
5	Always great food and service. I try to get there at least every other week. Chicken sharwarma lunch or salad or sandwich are all good.
4	We decided to grab something in the vicinity of where we were shopping (Scraps 4 Pets) and noticed this little homey spot. The place is pretty basic, but a plus is there is some outside seating. Today was quite nice so outdoors we went. From the look of the menu, this "Meditteranean" place seems to be a mix....I noticed Lebanese dishes, some Greek.I grabbed a Shish Kafta plate which comes with rice, salad, flatbread and a bit of pickled cabbage and turnip. Pretty decent lunch deal for I believe $6.95. Shish Kafta are ground up  lamb or beef made into a long hot dog shaped patty. It was pretty decent, juicy and good with the tzatiki it came with. Rice was flavorful with saffron butter in it. I also got a side of falafel ($1.29 for 3)....it was okay. They were pretty small and small makes for crunchy, but then it loses some of it's moisture in the middle so I just dipped it heavily in the tahini sauce it comes with. The BF got a falafel plate and that was also around $6.95. He added a side of baba ganoush (99cents) which was okay. It was more whipped instead of the usual chunky and definitely has a lot of tahini in it.We also both got a baklava for dessert (99 cents). It's a small cut, but good. It's a lot spicier of a baklava so it's not the usual mellow honey kind. The BF like that it was very light and flaky and cites that is the ideal baklava texture for him. 2 plates, 2 extras, 2 drinks, and 2 baklavas- $22 and some change.Good deal considering it was a decent portion of food and was pretty good. ( Aww look. I remembered to keep up on prices to be more helpful of a reviewer. ...and included pics).  Their shawarmas looks good....they were slicing what looked like chicken shawarma and it looked really juicy. It's now on my list to come back to try. We're in the area fairly often so we'll probably drop in again sometime.
2	I am new to Yelp. Here are my star ratings:1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back.2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here.5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here.Maybe I was spoiled during the 5 years I lived in ATL. Med Grill in Decatur. Phenomenal. The little hole-in-the-wall place on Broad Street near my office at GSU. Yum. I guess I had it good.I started to worry when I asked if they ever featured cabbage rolls. They guy "cooking" looked at me with a blank stare and said, "my wife is Polish, she makes cabbage rolls..." Awesome.I ordered a small Greek salad, hummus, a falafel wrap, and the kibbe special.The hummus and falafel wrap were both bland. The pita bread was dry. The greek salad was good, with a generous amount of feta and plenty of chick peas. The kibee special was probably the best part of the meal, but they didnt have laban to go with it.They people working there were nice enough.Oh, last straw. The baklava was absolutely awful. Dry and tasted terrible.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. I used to come here with my old boss, for lunch. The food is amazing and very reasonable. We would get the combo plate- chicken sharwarma for lunch, $6.95- comes with pita, diced tomatoes, onions, torshi (pickled cabbage & turnips) and choice of fries, rice (very good) or salad. The same dinner combo price is $9.95.The atmosphere is ok- feels more like a casual deli, though they try with the decor (painted wall scenes depicting the Mediterranean), and it is pretty small. Sometimes we would order and then eat lunch at her house (she lives in the area). On the menu: appetizers, salads, sandwiches, combos, ala carte, kids menu, desserts, and combo platters for six adults (catering- menu available).I've been dying to come back but don't really go to this side of town (since I work on another end now, near the Strip). Would love to go back.
1	I truly hate to give a bad review to a neighborhood place that I've been to many times before.  But tonight's dinner was unbearable.We usually order kebab - chicken for my husband, and kafta or chicken for me.  But tonight we decided to shake things up, and the coupon did us in.  There was one from one of the mailers offering two dinners for $14.95.  Kebabs wasn't one of the choices, but Chicken Shawarma was.  How different could it be from Chicken Kebab, which we've always liked???Step 1:  Call to order for take-out.  Kid on the other end: "I'm not sure we have enough rice left for two dinners."  It's 8:15; they close, I think, at 10.  Puts me on hold for quite a while.  Finally:  "Yes, we do."  So I order them, with one vinaigrette and one creamy for the salad dressings.  Five minutes and it'll be ready.  No prob, we live close by.Hubby's sick, so I pick up the food.  Back home, I open my container to see the usual yellow rice, pickled cabbage and turnips, chopped raw red onion, the usual hard, dried-out pita, and a whole mess of dried and shriveled chicken pieces.  I taste one of them;  first I choked on the dryness, then my mouth shriveled from the salt - so much of it that two pieces and my lips were stinging as if I were doing a dead man's float in the Dead Sea.  It was completely inedible.It was when I noticed that the salads - fresh romaine, two slices of cuke, and one lonely grape tomato - came with not one, but two vinaigrettes.  No creamy for me.  I was then completely pissed and called the restaurant.  Got the same kid who'd taken my order, and asked to speak with the manager.I was put on hold twice - the second time for a verrrryyyy long time.  How big is this tiny place that he can't find the manager??  Finally the clerk gets back on to tell me that the manager isn't there, and he doesn't have the authority to issue any refunds.  But the manager will call me later this evening, if not, then tomorrow.  He didn't call tonight, so I'm waiting until late tomorrow afternoon to post this review.  I suspect that I will have waited for nothing.Well, I was right to wait.  I never heard from Sultan's Grill.  I had planned to give this meal two stars, because I do like the chopped veggies and the salad (when I have the dressing I ordered).  But I believe that a food business shouldn't be in the business of selling inedible food, and if they do, they have a duty to respond to complaints.  I'm not even asking for a free meal, just an acknowledgment that they dropped the ball.  A business that does not do this doesn't deserve any stars, so I've revised my rating downward.
5	Chicken Schwarma anything. Always good food. Great folks.  Still putting out quality unlike a lot of places these days.
3	The food here is the best and service is good. One problem is that the place needs a cleaning. All the tables were dirty the fridge where the large bottles of water are located the glass was filthy. The trash was over flowing and the young girl behind the counter is texting messages instead of cleaning the place. What a five star place this restaurant could be if only they would use some soap and water. But we still loved the food and the price is right.
3	I'm foreign! English. So as an English youth I spent almost every summer on one Greek island or another. Consequently I loooove Greek food, especially the not-so adventurous gyro. I regularly get the gyros from this place and they are pretty good. I get upset when they charge me 50c for hot sauce . People sit down and eat in here , it's very basic and zero ambiance so I take out. Lamb chops are good , they give you a side salad with most dishes but it's just a couple of lettuce leaves and a tomato. Hey but it's close to the house.
5	I tried this restaurant for the first time 3 days ago. I had the Chicken Sharwarma Sandwich that was recommended by other reviews on here. I LOVED it! I went back again this evening had the Chicken Sharwarma again. LOVED IT! Yesterday I went through withdrawls with out my sandwich. I will be back again and again and again. My new favorite spot!
2	Not a huge fan of this place...we have tried it a few times but each time we are disappointed.  The restaurant itself needs some updating or fresh set of eyes to do a quick clean up.  Secondly, we have gone in twice and smelled a sewer smell which could be a duty mop or a grease trap but not appetizing.  The good is generic at best.  Disappointing because it is just around the corner and we typically love Greek food.
1	Tonight I was served a gyro which the meat was burnt with a black char on it.  I've been eating there less frequently as the quality seems to be slipping.   I will not be returning after this.
4	You'd think that between hole-in-the-wall Sultan's Grill and a more established-place like Paymon's, the bigger restaurant would win.  I've gotta say, I really like some of Sultan Grill's foods better.  Their taboule has a better flavor than the taboule at Paymon's and is fresh and fluffy rather than heavy, dense and weighed down with olive oil (like Whole Foods' is).Some people have complained about the gyros, and I do wish they used only lamb rather than beef and lamb for their gyros and entrees. I don't order gyros from them because I've had better meat elsewhere.  Their falafel is pretty awful (hey, that rhymes!).  Their baba ganoush is garlicky heaven. The hummus has a nice, creamy texture and tastes great. I even like the rice they serve on the side. The french fries are flavorful.  But I order from them because I love the salads, like the fatoush- YUM!   The ambience is definitely dive-level. Rickety tables and cheap chairs. No decor to speak of.  But I usually don' t eat there since they deliver and do carry out (love the delivery guy! Hi, if you're reading this, delivery guy!)  I know a few people have left poor reviews that seem to be related to the gyros/meat. Sultan's Grill should improve that to attract more people. My four stars are for the hummus, baba ganoush, generous pita portions, the salads, the friendly service, and the delivery.
1	Has the Gyro and the stuffed grape leaves. The gyro meat was dry. The sandwich is made with flatbread and wrapped rather than with a pita. The sandwich was almost tasteless. The stuffed grape leaves were old. They were sour. I told the manager and he said that they we fine. I only ate one and threw the rest out. I am not sure based on this visit why they are still open. I will not be back
4	I was less than thrilled with their Chicken Shawarma, but that may be because I've had EXCELLENT Chicken Shawarma in Chicago.  However, their Tomato and Cucumber Salad was delicious and refreshing.  I also got their hummus trio, and those were delicious as well.  The flat bread was warm and soft.
2	Seriousley the worst Gyro I have had in my entire life. I've had better Gyros from kits at the grocery store. I walk in see the meat on a spit and think cool, this should be pretty good, at least it wasn't that pre-sliced gyro meat you just slap on a griddle and serve. But I was wrong. The pre-sliced stuff I get at my local dive diner is better than the Sultans. As mentioned before, not on a pita, you get flatbread. And the tzatziki sauce, sour cream based (fail), and full of bland. No zip, no tang, no kidding I say dang! And what's up with having the cheezy radio station playing through the stereo AND having the TV on with the sound on? I'm A.D.D. and that blew even MY mind. Lastly, I dropped a dollar in the voluntary tip jar, spreading the good Karma love, not a boo, not a thank you for the tip, not a thank you when handed my change. Maybe the other dishes are more on par, I'll never know. I rarely throw down such bad reviews. I'm giving this place 2 stars and almost feel as if I'm complementing them with that.  I am now the Sultan of swing somewhere else.
4	I was rushing to work and starving, thinking of an overly expensive and disappointing fast food joint when I spotted this establishment. For the same price of a large "value" meal I had an excellent gyro and 1/2 order of baba ganouch, flavorful and filling. Instead of prepackaged not-unlike-food from McD's I got fresh fast food from a local establishment that was savory and delicious. Knocked off a star because, although the menu states that they greet everyone with a smile, the woman behind the counter must have been in a bad place, because she was somewhat sullen and distracted. I opted not to tip (which I always do) because of the service, but the food was great.
4	NOM NOM NOM!!! yummaliscious!they forgot the chicken on one of my salads, but thats okay. YUMMY
5	I get the Chicken Schwarma every time. The pita bread is the best I've had and the chicken is uniquely prepared. Don't pass on the baklava. The small square for a dollar will satisfy any craving!
1	Food is mediocre but the service is terrible. The cashiers and cooks have terrible attitudes. I'm surprised this place is still open. Keep up the good work you won't last long in summerlin!
4	Update- just went there this week and they seem to have upgraded/fixed their furniture. Maybe I'm wrong, but the place looks a little better and the heavy plastic-like tablecloths help, as they look new and give the small room a more uniform (and therefore organized) appearance. If the table cloths are just for Halloween, I hope they replace them with something else afterwards.
1	The food was so so I would say...they do go heavy on the spices though...they took forever to being my food out...the taziki was really sour an the falafels were dry...only thing I really liked on the plate was the rice...the kids plate came with barely any fries an 2 pieces of chicken strips...not sure if this is a return place for me...
3	Sometimes, I crave gyro meat.  Sultan's grill is very close to my house and satisfies my cravings when it gnaws at me and I am too lazy to drive to the Kabob Korner downtown.Sultan's Grill is average Greek fare.  Good, not great food that will hit the spot when you're hungry.  It really bugs me that they do not have pita, but a more tortilla sized, thin flatbread.  Their grape leaves are unfortunately very oily.  The price is very reasonable for their lunch combos which include a salad and choice of rice or french fries.Sometimes I think the teenage girl that works there needs to put more clothes on, but that is just my humble, prudish opinion!
4	Mainly a fan because I love Mediterranean food and they are so conveniently close to my house.  Beyond that they are kinda nice too!  But everytime I go I just know to get the hummus side because it is going to be dry, very dry food.  I get the chicken sharwarma and for some dry is not always bad and like I said the staff always treats me good and I am so thankful for their location.  Their bread is not the fluffy hand done pitas that I am use to so it is real thing and normally it may be hard on the outsides but the inside is nice a chewy-sometimes! Also for the price of a lunch under 7 bucks with salad, rice, torshi(sp?) is very good.  I personally just have to conjoin it all together with their awesome hummus to really make it a great Mediterranean experience!  Literally I still visit this place at least twice a week so it certainly is not bad to me by any means!
4	Put some fries and hot sauce on that chicken shawarma wrap, it's called Sultan style.  I'm just kidding.  I just made that up... don't say that to the cashier, they will be confused.  But you should still ask them to put fries and hot sauce on your wrap, it's a nice touch.  Thank you My T for the tip brosky!This place has really bad reviews.  Granted service is not like you're going to get at Robouchon, but cmon, it's not that bad.  I really like the fatoush, it's more authentic than most places in Summerlin.  The chicken shawarma was great.  So juicy, not dry at all, I'm surprised at what everyone else is saying.I will come back!  Someone mentioned waiting 15 minutes for their food?  Is that really that bad?  Cmonnnnnnnnn
1	This was pretty disappointing food for how much it cost. I stopped for take out for two people for dinner and it was over $30. How the hell did that happen. I'm still wondering. The gyro meat was dry and the chicken was as well. The only good thing was....uhh can't think of anything.
3	If I would have reviewed this place after my first visit, I would have given it 4 stars. It was on a Saturday after a library visit, and the service was fantastic.  I had both kiddos in tow and we were 1 of 3 parties in the restaurant.  The woman taking our order was so attentive and making recommendations.  She was truly following the #1 rule of their "House Rules" listed on the back of their menus: Service with a Smile.  The food itself is good, not great- but when I am craving that taste of the Mediterranean, it hits the spot. I ordered the Gyro Sandwich and the green hummus and enjoyed every bite.  The price was very reasonable, and another plus is the fact that it is very close drive and in the vicinity of many places I visit regularly.  On my second visit (for lunch during the workweek), the place was packed with everyone on their lunch breaks, and the service (different cashier) took a 180. There was absolutely no service with a smile while I I placed my order of a Chicken Schwarma and a half order of Baba Ganoush "to go" and waited about 15 minutes.  I didn't mind because I came during the peak time and had my iPhone to keep me company.  Well, my head was down and I was shocked when my bag of food was just shoved under my face.  No "excuse me", no "your food is ready", no verbal communication whatsoever.  And I was definitely very aware of my surroundings, anticipating my food.  Unfortunately, she turned around before she could se the look of complete disgust on my face. Well, I don't know if the rude service ruined my meal because the chicken schwarma was completely dry.  At least the Baba Ganoush was good.  I defintely won't return during the lunch rush ever again, but if I am craving a gyro on the weekend, then I may just visit again.
2	For the price and all I was disappointed. I know good greek out in Henderson but was here so figured I would try. The hummus was creamy but not as much flavor as other places and the food in general Is pretty average. The people are nice but didn't satisfy my greek craving. The biggest thing for me is the spanikopita isn't available daily!! That's what I would want to run in and get when in the mood.
3	This is a decent place. Tiny little Greek bistro that has some nice food. Not the absolute best in the valley, but it's relatively decent. Only one thing on the menu that I can eat any day: chicken shwarma. It's the bomb! Everything else is okay.
4	Sultans is my favorite place to get a gyro in Vegas. I really like the taste and quality of their meat. The portions are generous and the price is reasonable. I'll always hit them up when I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Best middle-eastern  food in town
5	Love this place! I have not had anything I haven't liked. My fav is the Greek Salad with chicken and delicious creamy dressing. I wish they would sell it by the bottle. Plus, homemade pitas. MMM.
2	The sign on the window said "help wanted" and boy do they need it.  The food was very slow to come out and was only fair.  We ordered an appetizer of Sultan's bread. It did not come out until our main meal so not much of an appetizer.  We ordered a chicken salad and gyro sandwiches with the salad ready in about 15 minutes and 20 minutes to get the gyro sandwiches.  The salad came with dressing which they called vinaigrette but was mainly oil with a very little bit of vinegar.  When asked for another type dressing they only had a creamy which we did not prefer.  Asked for a side of tzatziki instead and they said they would have to charge extra for that.  Had grape leaves as an appetizer and they were soggy and not very tasteful.  The gyro meat was not very warm/hot in the sandwich after 20 minutes waiting for it to come out.Definitely not a good Sunday lunch experience at this place and we will not be back.  Not sure what it is about this shopping complex but restaurants and food places definitely struggle here.  Can't believe this place outlasted Samurai Sam's.  The employees did not seem very enthused to have customers there.
1	I used to frequent Sultan's Grill a lot in high school. I drove by it last night with a friend and we decided we'd try it out again. I'm not sure if the management has switched over or what but the food was absolutely terrible compared to what it used to be. We ordered a gyro sandwich, side of hummus and a falafel plate for dinner. This all totaled up to about $27 and it was definitely not worth it. The falafel was quite possibly the worst falafel I've had. They were tiny, overcooked and severely lacking in flavor. The hummus was bland and boring. It tasted like they threw some garbanzo beans in a food processor and considered that hummus, no spices or anything. The rice was mediocre, the tahini sauce was extremely salty and the fries were ok. The pita bread was hard and dry. As someone who's Middle Eastern I know what quality Middle Eastern food should taste like and this is definitely not it. I will not be returning. I'd rather pay the same prices somewhere else where I know the food will taste edible.
1	So was looking for a different Greek food place since I just moved to summerlin area. Gyro Time is super close and good but wanted a different option. After searching Sultans Grill came up and had fairly good reviews. Being it was getting close to their closing time of "9pm" I headed out and rushed over showing up 8:45. When entered placed was empty and there was a lady and guy in kitchen, As walked in I said hello, and got an immediate response of "we're closed!" No hello or sorry, just we're closed. So I mention well on your door it's says your open til 9pm? And then got the response of "we're put of food!" (With a little bit of attitude). Being how that situation should of been handle differently being that I am in the service industry, I will never go there again and I will be telling everyone I know to stay away from the extremely rude staff their.
4	I really like this place, I've been coming here off and on for over 5 years... The inside is rather plain, but the food is great! I usually get the chicken swarma, or the beef shiskafta, and the lemon chicen rice soup... The staff is always friendly and accommodating.
5	Absolutely love this spot! Best gyros & hummus in the valley. Also very convenient to where I live, centrally located in Summerlin.
4	If the yellow rice here is heaven, then St. Peter should be greeting customers at the door. The rice here is, in a word, amazing. Perfectly fluffy, flavorful, and mild enough to complement any entree but able to stand on it's own. Fabulous quality.A friend and former Vegas resident loves this place and recommended it- he is confident it is the best Mediterranean in Las Vegas. Cursory first visit suggests this place definitely is more than it appears!Menu includes the usual suspects: falafel, chicken shawarma, dolmas, salads, and gyros, with specialties like the gyro or shwarma bowl, roasted eggplant salad, three different kinds of hummus, and their star dish (for good reason!) the spinach pie-- available only Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.Portions for pita wraps are giant, rice is amazing, salads are fresh, and staff is friendly. Definitely a neighborhood staple, just wish they were closer to my actual neighborhood.
5	I love the food here and I have been coming here for a while now. Everyone is friendly and accommodating. I usually order a chicken salad, yellow rice, and hummus with tomatoes.
5	I have been coming here since they opened ! I LOVE LOVE the chicken shawarma & the rice & the salad & EVERYTHING for that matter. I just tried their. Hot sauce for the 1st time ! Soooooo good ! You gotta go !
5	Great for to go/takeout, cute, small dine-in area, really good quality food...Great Gyro and Kebob...Will repeat often
3	Sign on the window says "Pita Sandwiches ". I ordered the falafel plate and there was a pita like flat bread with it. I explained to the nice guy who worked there that this is not a pita. He tried to explain their attempt at a pita but I stopped him. Clearly they don't understand how falafel is served.  So I attempted to wrap up the falafel as best as I could but you could not put any of the other vegetables in with it. The tahini sauce was bland but I needed it because the falafel was so dry. The had a tasty hot sauce that I had to pay an extra 50 cents for that saved the meal. The falafel actually was tasty just too dry and impossible to eat properly without a real pita. They had excellent steak fries and yellow rice. I know they can do better but just don't understand Mediterranean cuisine
4	My best friend and I were starving so he yelped food to find something in the area that sounded good. This place caught his attention so we checked it out. I had the chicken shish kabob and grilled shrimp kabob which were both very delicious. Salad came with it and was very fresh. My best friend had the ground beef kabob along with chicken and the ground beef wasn't that tasty but it wasn't nasty. If ever back in that neighborhood I will definitely go back!
5	Place is good. Sultan sandwich is awesome. Their fries r awesome too. I really enjoy this place a lot
2	The food is eh. I ordered a cucumber salad, chicken shawarma pita and chicken kabob. The flavor was a 5/10. The chicken in both was extremely dry! The pita was dry and crispy. I wasn't a fan of any of it. I won't be back!
5	I am not sure why I have waited so long to try this wonderful place.I work right here and have been to every other place in this shopping plaza.One day my son met me for lunch and he is vegan, so was trying to decide where we could go. We stopped to read the menu, and he saw he could eat here. I have been back many times since.The service is always great. The lady who takes the orders is so nice. The prices are amazing. 5.00 for a burger and fires. It is one of the best burgers I have ever had. The fries crispy and perfectly seasoned. The spinach pie is a slice of heaven. This place is now my once a week treat.
4	I like this place for take out -- love their salad dressing ! Get the gyro Greek salad . Yum!!
1	I ordered a Chicken Gyro. The chicken was flavorless and extremely dry. The bread was a dry tortilla and not a fresh pita. Won't be back at all. I don't know how they stay opened.
3	Have been here a few times for a takeout Gyro and fries.  I have not tried the other items yet but what I did try was tasty. The problem is, it's kind of slow getting the food (approx. 10 mins from time of order for my sandwich/fries).  So if you want yours to go, phone in ahead so you don't have to stand around as long.
4	We called in ahead because they take a bit to make the food. We ordered too much, as there portions are a little bit on the generous side. Overall the food here is good. Today I tried the Greek burger. It was a regular party with Greek toppings. I almost broke a tooth biting into it as there was still a seed in the middle of one of the olives.
