5	I love flying here at Arizona Trapeze School. Everyone is encouraging and positive. It's a great trapeze family. I look forward to getting better with every class. Thanks guys!!!
5	If you're looking for a fantastic place to have the time of your life, meet some amazing people, and get a great workout all at the same time, then Arizona Trapeze School is the place to be!  Check something crazy off your bucket list, learn to fly through the air with the greatest of ease, and brag to all your friends afterwards about how you stared fear in the face and emerged victorious!  Try it, you'll love it!!
5	I was visiting relatives in AZ and just had to try out some flying trapeze.  George and Terri are incredible instructors and very supportive.  I had only done flying trapeze once before, but they made the return very easy.  Professional, yet make sure everyone is having a great time.  The reasonable price is an added bonus, but once you try, you'll know that you're getting a great deal on a wonderful experience.
1	I too purchased off of living social and made a visit and found that they have a regular extension ladder that you have to climb up about 25 feet on to get to the platform that does not look stable. I will never use my purchase, as it does not look safe! I went and checked out a school in Gilbert and they do not have a make shift ladder and the the platform does not move. I did my homework and Trapeze U in Gilbert will be where I will try the trapeze experience.
5	So there is a crazy neighbor next door who has nothing better to do than yell at people who are having fun, and write fake yelp reviews.  Fortunately, nobody pays attention to her and knows that she is a disturbed individual who can not enjoy the happiness of others.  Arizona Trapeze School is a wonderful place, and will be sadly missed by many.  Shame on her for being such a sad, sad person.
5	This place was AMAZING!! I had the living social deal and it was worth every penny. One reviewer mentioned a ladder which yes there is one but there is also a safety you can choose to attach onto which I used each time but no other students did. I did not think the ladder was bad except you are climbing high in the air so if you are scared if heights that might scare you off. I loved the family environment and how extremely nice everyone was. The instructors were extremely knowledgable and encouraging to every person. The catching turns were the best! There is a crazy neighbor lady but they are going through the process to get that taken care of and I hope it all goes well because I would LOVE to go back and learn more! There was also a very sweet dog honey greeting everyone! Definitely two of the best hours of my life!
