4	A really nice building downtown that hosts events, including weddings!  Because we just don't have enough wedding places downtown. :)  But, seriously, this is a really cool space with a lot of technological features.  Plus the building changes colors which makes me happy when I drive by after work!  So far I've only met some of the employees and peeked inside, but everyone I've met is really nice and the space is really awesome.  I'll be attending a class here in March so I'll be sure to update my review then.  I promise!  :)
2	Acoustics are very important in a meeting venue.  This place has absolutely horrible acoustics!I finally had a meeting here and was excited based on what I was told about the place.  I was seriously disappointed.  The echo in the room is awful, making it impossible to hear the speaker at times.  If someone moves a chair, it is loud as all hell and you can't hear the speaker.  If someone goes to the restroom, the door slams shut and you can't hear the speaker.  If someone coughs... you get the idea.Carpet, insulation, something is necessary to make this a functional meeting place.  Right now, it is just bare walls, cement floors, and exposed ceilings.  Looks nice, in a minimalist sort of way, but it's awful for sound purposes.  Since all they do is meetings (I can't imagine someone having a wedding here), you think they'd have figured this out sooner but apparently not.According to their website, they offer a lot of cool technological features.  I didn't see any of this.  They just had a standard powerpoint machine on a table and microphones.  Nothing earth shattering.I think the outside of the building at night is very pretty with the lights and what not, but this goes to show... never judge a book by its cover.
5	This was an absolutely beautiful venue for the event I went to, one of my favorites: Wedding and reception. This place is pro grade and was very impressive. Not sure on how much the planning, catering, flowers, and photography are put on by the place, but it was superb and I loved it.
