1	Takara is one of the worst sushi/sashimi restaurants in town. Not only was the food disappointing, but the ambiance was rather lackluster, with cheesy 80s muzak playing in the background. The biggest annoyance were the prices; without question, you are not paying for the quality of the food, but rather for the high rent the owners are forced to pay at Les Cours Mont Royal.   I cannot comment on the entire menu, but I can comment on the dishes that my friend and I ordered:1. Seaweed salad: rather bland with a thick tasteless "ginger" dressing on the side.2. Soup (don't remember the name): the taste  of the buckwheat noodles and a single tempura shrimp in broth was actually not bad, although not worth the price. 2. Sashimi: too thin and poorly sliced with a few bones here and there. Some of the pieces looked as if they were torn off of the fish -- which goes against traditional the Japanese art of food preparation .3. Hand roll: fell apart upon carefully picking it up.4. Green tea: tasted like the cast iron pot.5. sake: well, can't go wrong here (thank goodness) If you want to pay the same high prices, I would suggest  Zenya, located near La Baie -- it's less traditional, but you'll pay the same price for better ambiance and delicious, well prepared Japanese cuisine.  If you"re not limited to the downtown core, Maiko on Bernard and Mikado on Avenue Laurier are also very tasty.
4	Lunch review only (based on 4 visits.)Tucked away on the 4th floor of Les Cours Mont Royal, Takara is a great place for a weekday Japanese lunch.Very reasonably priced lunch for the quality.  The presentation of the sushi was beautiful & thoughtful, incorporating fresh flowers.Accessible via the the underground (very convenient in the dead of winter!)
4	Takara is one of the few Japanese restaurants in Montreal operated by a Japanese chef. I've heard that he goes to the fish market and buys his seafood himself. The first important thing to note about Takara is its location. The entrance is on the 4th floor eventhough they have a sign near the entrance on Peel.The Japanese speaking hostess gave us one of the private rooms where you have to take off your shoes and sit with your legs in a hole. It makes it appear you are sitting on a tatami but it is wayyyyy more comfortable.The sushi is well presented and as fresh as you can get in Montreal. Taste is also authentic. We ordered some fried tofu, miso soup, chawanmucshi (steamed egg), sashimi bowl, some sushi and a fish with soba dish.
4	A little gem tucked away in Les Cours Mont-Royal. I've been there half a dozen times for lunch and dinner. Happy to say the quality of the sushi and sashimi has been consistently great, very fresh and nicely presented. Also, the lunch specials are a real deal with generous portions of the good stuff. I've had the Sushi Sashimi Deluxe and Sushi Ten Combo -- both recommended. I would definitely go back and probably will very soon!
