5	Been ordering with them for over a year now.  Several large orders.  Never had a problem.  I would strongly recommend using for their service and of course pricing!
4	I ordered t-shirts from them for the Wondercon convention in 2012. I made an order of about 200 shirts and the prices were the best in town with their monthly promotional discounts. So always check their website, http://www.3nuts.com/tshirt-specials.htmlThe only catch is you have to write 3 reviews (before you actually receive the merchandise, but you can judge them on service).I dropped by the offices to look at their screen printing quality and t-shirts. I recommend this so you know what type of shirts you want to get (viewing products online is not sufficient). I'm printing ladies tees, so it was good to see the material, overall cut and length of the shirts. Nataly and the other people in the offices were very courteous and accommodating. The actual screen printing looked great (even white on black shirts) and the shirts were soft and well made. They don't use organic inks, Nataly assured me that no one in Las Vegas uses this type of ink. Something to do with the weather she said. So the screen print inks are a little rubbery. She made me several quotes.When I made up my mind about which quote to pursue, it was several weeks later and when I drew up the order and modified the number of shirts and sizes, Nataly's original prices were different. I called her about the discrepancies and she claimed that the t-shirt prices had risen. I give them the benefit of the doubt, but she reworked the numbers and they were still much cheaper than LA prices.I gave myself plenty of time, about 3 weeks from the time the digital art was uploaded. They said the t-shirts should be done in 2 but it took them an extra week to print them (hence the 4 stars) and I had them the day before I had to leave for Anaheim.Another word of caution is when you get the online proof, be really be picky. I made the mistake and assumed the anti-aliased lines of the small details in my artwork were due to the computer and were going to be fine. When my shirts printed, the fine outlines of my cartoon characters were broken up and lost because of the texture of the shirt. I should have been more wary and reloaded artwork that had thicker outlines. This is my fault. Of course maybe I'm the only one that notices these things. So make sure your online proof is perfect before signing off on your order. Overall, they did an excellent job on the shirts. The quality of their work and the shirts were awesome. Always give them more time than needed to complete the job. I will definitely deal with them again!
5	I can't even begin to tell you how great these gals are to work with! I called on MLK Day with a RUSH order - same day - custom design t-shirts - and they were my 4th call (no one else in the area could help me in less than a week!). Nataly was a superstar help. She was so professional. Was speedy quick, explained everything thoroughly, was kind and sweet and all things great! I couldn't believe the professionalism and service. WOW. She even arranged personal delivery of the shirts to my hotel in downtown. 5 Stars All Day! Thanks 3Nuts. You rock!
5	Where do I start... 3 nuts are the most professional & accommodating printing company I have worked with in Las Vegas. I was running out of time to print promo T-Shirts for the Rugby tournament, a gentleman by the name of Gabriel and his team made it possible to have same day prints before the days end... I recommend 3 Nuts  to anyone who wants their print job to be handled by professionals in a friendly way.
5	This is not a review of what they did for me, this is a review of what true customer service is and how to use critical thinking when obstacles happen. I needed to get my logo on the inside of my shoe design to be presented to investors by the next day. Long story short, I contacted a few design places that said they could do it and when I presented the shoe to them they said they couldn't and it could not be done. Offering no options to me. 3 nuts said the same thing and could not do what I asked because they did not have the machine to do it. I was very angry by then because this could cost me potentially a large investment in the company. The difference between them and the other places though is that they helped brainstorm with me how to get it done, and they ended up knowing a place that could do it in ten minutes and even called, set up an appointment with them and emailed my design! I went there and got it done and let's just say the investor was very impressed with the product. About two weeks later I received a call from 3 nuts to check back on me to make sure that everything went well. REMEMBER I DID NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THEM. That is excellent service and how a business should be run. They will be getting many a recommendation from me and next time I need their type of service, they will be #1 on my list. I am not a friend of any of these people and I feel bad that I don't remember their names ;( but the two superb girls in the front of house THANK YOU!!!!!!
5	The service here is just Excellent and Exceptional. I am a graphic artist. After I create a design for my clients. I am usually asked to recommend a place to get their shirts printed. I have used T-Shirt printing shops in LA, San Francisco and Las Vegas. FINALLY ... I can have a peace of mind, And recommend 3 Nuts to my client and know they will be well taking care of.  Oh Yes, the price is also very reasonable at 3 nuts.  Highly Recommend!
1	I could not get passed the phone call! The young woman on the other end of the phone was clueless on all levels. Customer service just sucked and they I had me wait on  hold for 7 minutes for a quote on black and white shirts! I asked her why she was charging me $3 more per shirt then advertised and she said because it is not in our 7 to 10 day turn around. When I proceeded to tell her it was 8 days, she said "well that's what it is" Lol! I would never waste my time with people like this. It all starts and ends on a pleasant or rude phone call and they were rude!! They are dead to me!
5	This is a great place for your promotional needs.  The staff is friendly and they work with you each step of the way.   The owner Gabriel is very accommodating and is  willing to meet deadlines.  A great place to do business with!
5	This review is based on their customer service alone.  I just put in an order and haven't received my product yet, but their customer service has been outstanding.  Their customer service was on point.  They were exchanging e-mails with me all day to finalize my last details, answering every question I had.  They sent me the proof the same day I put the order in.  They were really helpful in making sure my order matched my needs.  I can't wait to receive my order and finished product.Highly recommended for any of your shirt printing needs in Southern Nevada, or heck, any needs in the country.
5	Great customer service and fair prices. Would use again.
