4	Ordered some sweet and sour chicken and some soups. The person on the phone was easy to give the order to and the delivery time (although it took a little while) was decent enough. I live in a gated community which can be a hassle when getting delivery but the delivery boy was able to follow directions well and got in without any hassle. My family is down for getting delivery from them again, very acceptable food quality and okie dokie experience. Would recommend to others :)
4	Super fast delivery. The small boneless spare ribs were awesome. Big portion of them. Everything else seemed good. Pretty good Chinese food for Arizona.
1	do not order delivery hour and a half had to cancel
3	I have not eaten here. Just want to know what the reviewers think about my questions with this place. They left a menu taped to my door today. I was going to toss it because I have lived in districts with great authentic Asian food so my expectations are high and places that leave menus on doors usually cater to those who care about quantity and timeliness of receiving delivery rather than quality. I eat a vegetarian diet like many Asians. Is it worth my time and money? Or is it all rice and the American dish of sweet and sour chicken. Wish I could post something on my door saying do not leave a flier unless you have an assortment of quality vegan dishes that are authentic.
1	Bland fried rice. Overcooked Teriyaki Chicken. Soggy Eggrolls. NOTE, their Chicken "CHOW MEIN" does not include noodles, even though the very definition of the dish is "fried noodle". It's just a slop of chicken and onions.
4	First, this is a casual, take out place. That's obvious when you walk in. With that in mind: yum! It was a good value and the service was better than you'd expect in that setting. I had the Kung cmPao Chicken dinner special. It had a nice amout of spice, the sauce wasn't too heavy, it had plenty of veggies that weren't overcooked and the chicken was breast meat. They also have  brown rice - I appreciate that. The egg roll wasn't special but it was fine. I'll definitely try them again.
3	Those who live by the sword...We came here last evening around six for quick bite and walked in on a crazy house.  You couldn't tell it by the two other couples eating here.  It was only when we got to the counter and discovered they couldn't stop taking telephone Take-Out orders to take ours. LOL  We actually didn't wait too long, maybe ninety seconds.  But the phones were ringing off the hook!  China Jade is basically an old style Chinese Take-Out place, doubling as a restaurant.  Gaging by the phones ringing every thirty seconds, there's no need to change their setup.  You don't fix things that aren't broken.China Jade's weakness isn't the food. It's the hurried service to get back to the phones.  I am not exaggerating this point.  It was almost bye-bye cell phone as they nearly spilt the soup in their rush. And, since China Jade is built for takeout, you'll find a lot of plastic plates and utensils. The soup BTW was served in a  plastic 16 oz "To Go" container (photo).From our standpoint this is all minor stuff, if the food is good.  Last night the food was very good and just short of Four Stars. We had the Hot & Sour Soup (photos), eight Fried Dumplings, Sesame Chicken with Fried Rice and a soft drink; all for just $18 including tax. Nice! So, Three and a Half Stars "A-OK" and we'll be back; most likely for Take-Out. LOL
1	This place is near where I work, so I decided to give it a try for lunch. The first thing I noticed is that the floor was very sticky, as if someone did not know how to properly mop it; it looked fairly clean.   I ordered the Szechuan Chicken to go.  The person at the register did not ask for my name, and when the order was done, there was no call out of a ticket/receipt number.   When I got back to work I found that the plastic carry out container was in a brown paper bag, which had been stapled closed.  There was not any plasticware, nor napkins.  The container was too small for the amount of food in it, and everything was smushed together.The chicken had a very strange consistency.  It was very smooth, and much too soft.  It did not seem as though I were eating real chicken.  The food in general was very bland.  The brown rice was the only slightly redeeming feature of the meal.  I ended up throwing away most of the food.I have eaten at a number of Chinese places, and this place ranks among the lowest in terms of food quality and taste.  I will not eat there again.
3	By no means is this place spectacular, but Kristine F., who complained about the use of plastic plates/utensils and the lack of table service, is a giant imbecile. Reading reviews like her's annoys me; she should be completely disregarded. It's a Chinese take-out/fast-food place!I have been here twice now and have ordered Sesame Chicken, String Beans, Fried Rice, Fried Dumplings, and Wonton Soup. Keeping in mind that this is a Chinese take-out place, I still think they could do a better job with the food. For example, the Sesame Chicken did not have any crisp to it, but was just chicken with soggy batter; the wonton soup's broth was flavorless. I must say however, that this is one of the better take-out places in the North Scottsdale area. So if you are craving for cheap Chinese food, this may be it!
4	Went to China Jade last night and it was pretty bomb. The wonton soup was so so but the sesame chicken, shrimp with broccoli, moo shu pork and chicken with cashew was as good as flos and Jade Palace . I would definitely eat here again. They were easy to order from the delivery driver was clean and nice and the entrees were delicious. My only complaint would be for them to add more things to the won ton soup such as vegetables, shrimp and pork. Their won ton chips which come free with the meal definitely need to be redone and come with sweet and sour sauce. Don't expect anything fancy inside the restaurant it is more Panda Express then flos
3	This place isn't the best, but definitely not the worst.  I am actually glad I ate here just so I know how horrible the chinese restaurant down the hill from me is.  China Jade makes a great noodle dish and some nice sweet and sour pork,  the spring rolls are okay,  The sichuan dishes aren't as good as they could be.  Whatever you do, avoid the soup, it's the kind of soup you expect to eat when you're in the hospital after being in an accident that destroyed your tastebuds.
4	Great food, plenty of food and done when you order it, not pre-made.  In fact I like it better than Pei Wei which is just around the corner.Now if you want fancy plates and silverware and that is your criteria for eating, then the plastic forks and plates will not tickle your fancy.But if you want good, fresh and enjoyable food then this is the place to go.They have become one of my favorites.
4	After reading reviews on Yelp, I decided to give them a try. Using Yelp I placed an order-- which connects you to the EAT24 app. I was able to view the whole menu and pay online. Loved this feature!My food arrived within the suggested time. For Chinese takeout, it's pretty good! I had the Hunan Chicken and an Egg Roll.
4	Decide to try this place as I saw their menu at my work. I ordered the Chicken Lo Mein lunch special and was able to pick it up 10mins or so after I called and placed the order.Place was small but open & clean. Food was good too. I even added their spring roll to my order and that is almost as good as Yogi's.Definitely will go back and order from them again. One of my new favorite Asian fast food places to go for lunch.
2	If I could do 2 1/2 starts I would.I ordered here for lunch one day, as they deliver and I was the only one at work so I couldn't leave to grab food. There is a minimum $15 dollar order for delivery order as well as a $1.50 delivery charge. This isn't bad considering the low min. order amount, however, their menu prices are so cheap that you end up buying a lot of food to meet the $15 minimum. This was alright thought, because leftovers (especially Chinese) are always nice.Anyhow, I ordered the chow mein lunch special with fried rice and won-ton soup, an additional order of chow mein, an order of spring rolls and and order of chicken with snow peas and mushrooms. The guy on the phone stated that it would be about 45 mins to an hour. This is a little above the average delivery time, but I figured that because they're a small, local business that it was somewhat reasonable.Needless to say, about an hour later the delivery boy came and dropped off the food. He was nice and clean, but awkward and quiet.It was nice to see that I was given two boxes of white rice with the order as well. I first tried the white rice and it didn't taste like traditional steamed jasmine rices do. It almost had a nutty flavor to it and it was extremely greasy for a fried rice, which was pretty odd. It didn't taste bad by any means, but it was just unusual. The wonton soup was very average. One filled wonton and strips of rare beef (?) in a light broth. Nothing special. Spring rolls were okay, pretty standard for a fast-food-ish type Asian place. The lunch special was again just alright. Fried rice was pretty much just rice with the frozen-looking peas and carrots mixed in and the chow mein was pretty greasy. It was nice to see that the chow mein did in fact have a nice portion of veggies in it, even if they looked fresh-frozen. The most disappointing part of the meal was the chicken with the snowpeas and mushrooms. It came in a bowl packed-full to the top, but when I opened up the lid, there was some sort of sauce/juice filling half the bowl and the chicken and veggies were just soaking in it. This was very disappointing and made the dish rather unappetizing. I ended up throwing about 3/4 of it away.Pros:Good price for portion ratioDeliveryCons:Long delivery waitSub-par quality foodMinimum delivery chargeAll in all, if you are looking for a quick/cheap place for delivery, China Jade is just ok. I would recommend nearby Red House instead. A little more pricey, but worth it for your tummy.Photos of my food are posted.
1	Horrible service.  The guy, John, who took my order was a rude prick.  Never even got the food.  Do NOT order from this establishment!
2	Highly disappointed. I ordered for delivery 2 lunch specials and a 2liter soda. The delivery driver forgot the soda. The lunch specials said they came with rice and soup or a spring roll. We only got the rice. There was hardly any meat. And when you order from a Chinese restaurant, fortune cookies are expected. We got none. For $20, this was ridiculous. Don't think I'll be eating here again.
2	The food was over 20 minutes late, cold and subpar. They get 2 stars for being cheap. Will not order again with so many other places to choose from. Plenty of mixed reviews so this place must be hit or miss. It was a miss for me.
1	Who ever rated more than 1 start doesn't know real Chinese food! I regret spending a penny there. And also the staff and service are terrible how do these people even gave a job.
4	I'm no Chinese connoisseur but I really enjoy the food and it's always chock full of fresh ingredients which is huge for take out. The owners are super sweet and the little girl will always talk to me. Very respectful and thankful for service. We were sad to move away from them.
1	This place is a joke! I was visiting from out of town! Ordered food for delivery and gave them my credit card number 6 times! Unreal then they take the wrong number and send one of there goons to collect from us! GET THIS they take the wrong number again! Then text me they are calling the police! PERECT call them its not my fault they can't understand english! Also the food is sub par! Who sticks a menu on someones door to get new guests then treats them like shit! Wake up china jade and get your shit together!
2	Me and my coworkers usually order from here.  It's good if you're on a budget also.  But they seem to have been a little forgetful with some things lately.  I've asked not have certain vegetables in items that I've ordered and the last two times I've ordered they seem to make it in my food anyway.  And my side item didn't make it on my last order.  They didn't charge me for it so I'm not going to complain this time.
5	I crave this place. Awesome prices. Awesome authentic food.  We live about 15 miles away but we are willing to drive out of our way.  I have gotten sweet-and-sour pork, shrimp and broccoli, egg foo yong, orange chicken and they were all excellent. The fried rice it comes with is very good too. I think you should ignore the low ratings because this place is really good.
5	Fresh, quick and friendly service at reasonable price.
4	Was quoted 45 minutes to an hour, but delivery arrived in thirty minutes- nice!First time ordering anything from China Jade, and I chose delivery, which required a $15 minimum purchase.  Don't know why I assumed delivery would be free- perhaps it's because most places either quote a delivery charge upfront, or offer it free with a minimum purchase.  In any case, delivery was an additional $1.50- whew!  I don't know... something about seeing additional charges when I wasn't expecting any, especially AFTER I've already paid and tipped... Well, it just was a little surprising.  It would be nice to know about these extra charges somewhere on the takeout/delivery menu, yes? I ordered beef lo mein, BBQ spare ribs, and Hot and crispy beef- all very delicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_user_photos/sYDc1TENwCKLHvprBa5rLw  The noodles were prepared well, not greasy, and the pieces of beef were lean and not sinewy at all; the ribs had a pleasing chew and were tasty, yet not overly-seasoned, nor sloppy/sticky with sauce; and the hot and crispy beef delivered on the crispy (yes!), without being greasy, had slight salty and sweet flavors to it, and the chili oil indeed added a spicy kick, even though the meat was flavorful without it.  (Enjoyed the steamed, yet crispy broccoli that accompanied this entree!)  Thank goodness the lo mein paired well with all the meats, since I am not able to eat rice without risking allergic reactions.I have found my go-to Chinese restaurant!  Hope dining in is just as pleasant.
4	First Chinese place I've eaten at on this side of town. Their cheese wontons are to die for. I love their hot and sour soup and egg drop soup. Always delicious and they're always friendly.
1	Stay away from this restaurant!.  Their food is loaded with grease, fat and soy sauce.  The most disgusting Chinese food I have ever eaten.  The only thing they do well is tape unwanted flyers/menus on resident's doors, no matter how many times you ask them to stop.
2	Good customer service.The worst orange chicken I've ever had. I couldn't finish it.I went in thinking it was the same place as the delicious China Jade in Tempe. Nope. Again, the people are kind, but the food... I just can't...
