4	Indigo Yard has been one of the drinking staples of the West End scene for a good while, and its simple, not too over the top bar formula seems to work pretty well. It's a good bar/restaurant to know about as it's slightly hidden away down a side street, which firstly makes it more exciting find because it feels like it's somewhere not a lot of people know about (not possible in Edinburgh), plus it's pretty big, being on two floors, so even if it is busy when you first go in, you're bound to get a seat before too long. There is also a good bit of outdoor seating if you're lucky enough to get a day of decent weather in Scotland.It's nice and chilled out in here, so pretentious posing is at a minimum, and through the week and on a Friday, this gets busy with the after work crowd taking advantage of the deals on wine, prosecco, cocktails and beer. The tall ceilings and light decor make this a comfortable place to sit and banter for a while. The restaurant serves up pretty decent food, all quite classic gastropub fare, and there are often two for one deals on the food too, so Indigo can be a good option if you're feeling thrifty, having spent all your wages in the first week you got paid...we've all done it, haven't we? (awkward silence)
1	Just had a dinner at Indigo Yard with my partner and it was one of the most disappointing meals we have had for a while. We shared a starter platter which was horrible. Greasy battered things, dry chicken resembling gum and bland mayo dip. I had the open mushroom lasagna for a main. It was tasteless and soggy, an absolute disaster which I ate 1/3 of. My partner had the "crispy" chicken and noodles which suspiciously tasted like Uncle Ben's sweet and sour sauce. Not good!  Neither of us finished our portions. The house wine was like drinking berry juice that had gone off. Needles to say, we did not order desert.
4	It's Sunday, the day after the night before which incorporated bizarre cocktails, far too many pre-going out amarettos and Coronas and a rock club that doubled as a time machine, transporting you backwards exactly nine or ten years. You've got work again tomorrow and you're in for a three hour plus rail journey that afternoon. What do you need? AWESOME FOOD!But what's better than awesome food? Awesome food available on a two for one basis in a really pleasant place. Now I'm assured that when this spot gets busy it does become far less serene and more bustling and jostling, and that tends to be during the post-office hours when the suits descend upon it like buzzards to some poor lost soul in the desert. On this quiet Sunday, however, its tranquility was just what the doctor ordered.I grabbed myself a goat's cheese salad and Mr M opted for the ribs. Now, you know by now I'm not some frou-frou twee low fat type who likes a lettuce leaf and a bit of rabbit food. I want my salads to be proper, big and substantial and meal-like, and this was indeed all of the above. Check my photo for evidence - gargantuan hunk of crusty bread topped with a huge slab of goat's cheese, balsamic dressing with fresh cherry tomatoes and rocket... heaven. It beat me, I couldn't even finish the thing. And those ribs were insane, once again check the pics for visuals. Can't argue with the portion sizes here!The desserts look amazing too. So, that's money-saving potential, hefty food plates, a TV with some kind of bike race on it, lovely friendly service and very nice decor? Thumbs up all round, methinks.
2	Very pretty venue, overpowering perfume being pumped around (maybe for the festive period), we popped in here as part of our Xmas works night out. Would have liked to have sample more of their hospitality, but we were ushered out in under no uncertain terms as we hadn't booked our spontaneous entry in weeks in advance (bar my addition of the word spontaneous, we were told that by the waitress). Definitely under no uncertain terms were we welcome in there that night. Stressed waitress who couldn't be bothered with any more festive cheer? Possibly, but it definitely sways my decision to return.
4	The tucked-away atmosphere of this wee place was wonderful.  Inside, the mezzanine and old stone give it a light and open feel even though we were in at night when it was raining.  We only had drinks, although people had eaten there on other occassions and spoke highly of the meals (and when boys wax lyrical about steak, you know it's worth going back for!).  Drinks were pleasant and it just felt like a really chilled out environment, even when a group of suits seemed to form an impenetrable wall to the bar. (They parted like the red sea when a very attractive young woman made her way to the bar!)  Eventually, the music did become a bit too loud to be able to have a conversation without shouting but this could have been where we were sitting - the accoustics in the very open main bar area are no doubt not as kind as the other areas of the restaurant.There was something about the courtyard, though, that just had the right atmosphere and the couches outside are a great idea.  Full points for the design aspects!A little on the pricey side but in keeping with many of the places in the same area and with a variety of beers on tap that aren't the usual suspects.
4	I was here last night after my boozy Christmas lunch.I'm not really qualified to give a review because to be honest, I don't really remember being there let alone how it was. However I'm told that I was stood in the middle of the place trying to find my way out, very, very confused, and that was apparently quite a funny sight to see.So for giving me a good story, I give it four stars.
2	If you are wanting to have a good dining experience whilst enjoying a good drink, this place only gets it balf right.Really good selection of wine, beers and spirits, so good for liquid refreshment, but the food is extremely underwhelming.  I ate here once with my husband and we really felt that we had wasted our money eating here. The food was pretty tasteless, salad with no dressing, bland soup, a meal deal from the supermarket would have been nicer.
3	Decent member of the Montpeliers portfolio.  Great location, food is decent, and prices are reasonable.  Drinks a bit more expensive, of course-it is Montpeliers.  Seems like it has got a bit quieter in recent times, and not does not seem to attract the movers and shakers it used to.
4	Ah, Indigo. In difficult times for businesses everywhere, Indigo has been a sturdy shelter from the storm, a constant go-to in the west end of Edinburgh for bustling food and evening-time drinks or a cheeky swift coffee or longer lunch during the day.Indigo Yard doesn't move with what's fashionable - I don't think it needs to. Once you've found a certain way of doing things that works, and has consistently worked, then that's it, you become a longstanding feature that people will keep coming back to. I'm not sure how many years Indigo has been open...over ten years anyway? But yes, there's really only a simple point to be made here - if you're in the west end with not a lot of time, and decisions to be made over getting that big glass of white wine you've been dreaming of all day alongside decent bar food that'll hit the spot, Indigo will be there for you, and you'll get the buzzing atmosphere thrown in too.
4	I cant really fault Indigo Yard. I'm an absolute fan of their carbonara variation with chorizo instead of panchetta. Well played! Highly recommended. http://smgdesigns.co.uk
4	Wow I can't believe I'd never been to Indigo Yard before! Such a cool place and the cocktails are brilliant!!!!
5	This place is amazing value for money. The cocktails are delicious and the staff are very friendly and genuine. Everything I have had to eat here has been good. The risotto is so tasty. The fish and chips are spot on. The salmon I had here was awesome. Great place for smokers as there is an outside area which is very pretty. The whole place has high spec chic decoration and is very clean.I have nothing bad to say!
