5	This is an absolutely great new massage place in Charlotte. I became a monthly customer at a wonderful rate, and they have really tried to individualize the experience for me. The last time I went in I was greeted by name and asked what I liked about the massage and what I wanted more of. You don't feel like just another customer at Elements. I very much recommend them!
5	Great therapists!  Friendly staff!  Have already been several times and have been the best massage(s) I have had since moving to Charlotte 5 years ago!  They have a beautiful & warm facility and therapists who are very responsive to your needs.
5	Got my first taste of Elements Therapeutic Massage at an Elite event in April. The therapists were upbeat, knowledgeable, and provided grrreat gratis hand and chair massages. I made an appointment with one of said therapists - Noehmy - and have been very happy with not just her expertise but also the service from the office staff when I go in for my monthly hour long deep tissue. The front waiting area is definitely calming: cascading water wall unit, comfy leather couches, appropriate ambient music, drinking water, and just enough literature (magazines and current specials) to keep one occupied before the therapist summons you in. The single stall unisex bathroom is huge, clean, and stocked with make ya feel comfy/at home products. The massage rooms are dimly lit, have an ottoman in addition to a hook rack for belongings, and a firm (but not too firm) heated massage table. You may choose between 55, 80, or 110 minute massages. There is usually a steal of a deal for first time visitors (hint: check in on the Yelp app). The Elements Wellness Program is a month by month program in which you sign up for autopay for their best rates. There's no contract and you can opt out w 30 day notice. Bonus: Idk if every massage therapist does this but my girl Noehmy treats me w a little chocolate after every appointment. Wiiiin!
5	Spa like feel for a therapeutic massage center.  This is not a back-rub, manicure, pedicure place.  The professionals at ETM will work with you to identify and treat stess areas of your body with deep massage.  My wife has been a member for more than a year; but I too go sometimes.  The facilities are clean and sensually relaxing with  dimly lit rooms, heated massage tables, soft relaxing music and, above all, professional treatment.
4	Visited the spa after meeting the marketing coordinator at a Chamber of Commerce event (thank you, Abby!).  Greeting was warm and welcoming and told about various packages and rates.  Not overwhelmingly pressuring and I waited only about 3-5 minutes before I was introduced to Daniel, my massage therapist.  The hour long experience was lovely; not overly painful *Which some masages other places have been in the past*, but relaxing and well worth it!  First time visitors get a massage for $49!  What a deal!!!
5	I have been a member here for over a year and have had various massage therapists and every one has been amazing.  I've heard chain places can be sketchy but, this place is very professional; they don't push/oversell you on anything, and the MT's they hire are wonderful.  I'm usually a noodle when I leave this place - to the point where I should probably get a DD.  I haven't gotten through a massage with Noehmy without falling asleep (unusual for me) but every MT I've had has been fantastic.  Highly recommend the 80 minute hot stone massage.  Really friendly staff and you get a chocolate and lemon water as perks.
5	I had the most amazing massage at this place... the therapist was Lee, he's truly amazing! Even though I usually feel more comfortable with a lady masseuse I do not regret at all trying a male masseuse. He really took the time to work on those stubborned knots in my shoulders. My stress levels went from 100% to at least 10% in 90 minutes. The place is clean and up to date. Will visit again when I'm in town.
5	I've been going here for almost a year.  The front staff is always friendly, every massage therapist that I've had has been great, and you can't beat the price for a good massage.  They aren't pushy with sales tactics, and when I had to move away for a few months they let me cancel my membership with no fees or hoops to jump through.  That made me even more excited to restart it when I returned to Charlotte.  Finally, they are great at what they do!  I get very tight from a stressful job and lots of working out, and I always walk away from Elements with no more sore muscles.
5	What a great value. i found this place to be similiar to massage envy but with much more caring talented massage therapist and front desk staff. My massage therapist was fabulous! the front desk staff was VERY friendly and helpful. i am visiting the area from Atlanta and i plan to come here each time im in town visiting family. i am a seasoned massage enthusiast and my session was very beneficial and effective.thank you for the first time client special!!!
4	This massage place churns out happy customers. They are super busy...all the time. If you are looking to get a same-day booking, don't get your hopes up (especially if you have a particular person in mind). Perhaps they are so busy because they have been running a Groupon deal for the past few months and it's the holidays. In any case, once I was able to get scheduled, the massage itself was very good. I had Alisha and she was good and professional. My husband got a massage by Regina and really thought she was good too. Parking can be tricky depending on what time of the day you arrive. If you are anytime near the lunch hour, plan ahead and allow more time to find a parking spot. You'll really enjoy a massage after getting stressed out just getting there.  When you call, the front desk attendants are super nice. The main weird thing is how they designed the waiting area. It's just weird and awkward. You will pleasantly enjoy seeing people squeeze through an area and stand directly in front of another patron sitting in a chair. The person in the chair has to awkwardly twist and turn to not see someone else's backside right in front of them. The waiting area is just a tight fit and fills up quickly with people waiting to be seen and with mellowed out patrons coming out. Search for their Groupon and enjoy some self-care time.
4	Really impressed with this location. I've only had one massage that was really not what I was looking for. I let managment know and they took action asap. The other three therapists have really been great. As a therapist myself I really appreciate when a location can offer well trained therapist and managment that knows how to fix problems.
