5	Gibson's might be the best kept secret in Charlotte. I grew up going to Gibson's with my parents in the 80's and Reece (the owner) was really hard to understand (because of a speech impediment) but he worked hard and you always knew he'd take good care of your car. Sometimes you'd have to wait but the characters there would always keep you laughing. Now Larry Gibson (Reece's son) runs the shop and he's a real stand up guy.Basically, it's the place to go for quality car service. Unlike many other service centers you really feel like the workers give you advice based on what they would do if they were getting their car fixed. I have a Firestone service center 5 minutes from me and I still drive 25 minutes to go to Gibson. Next time you need an oil change or tires fixed give them a try.
5	My family has used Gibson's for many years. I have always been happy with the service I received, and their prices were much lower than dealership quotes. The guys there have always taken the time to explain any repairs and give different options with NO PRESSURE! As a female who has no understanding of car repairs, I really appreciate having trustworthy folks to leave my ride with!  They do not have Saturday hours, but that isn't enough for me to take off a star from my review in this case.
5	So instead of going to Gibson Automotive to get my wifes battery swapped out we had $20.00 off $100.00 purchase coupon for Pep Boys on South BLVD. Made an appointment for noon. At 12:05 Liz called and they said that we needed a new alternator and not only that the $20.00 coupon only works for in store purchases (it says car batteries right on it). I told her to pay for the battery and meet me at Gibson....5 minutes later Larry Gibson comes out with the tests from 2 different machines saying nothing is wrong with the alternator. No charge and hope to see you soon......Pep Boys wanted over $460.00.....free installation? Scam Artists (Pep Boys) is more like it. I have been taking my cars to Gibson since they were at their old location on South. I do not trust any other mechanics in town....thanks to Pep Boys for reminding me of that.
