5	Creperie Triskell was not open yet and we were famished from walking around the city all morning and needed some brunch quick.  We happened upon this location directly next door to Triskell and were pleasantly surprised.  I adore Square Saint Louis, and this eatery provided us with a view of the square and excellent food.Everything here is fresh, including the waiter, and the juice.  Seriously, everything I tasted at Bulle au Carre made me eyes roll back in my head.  The buckwheat crepes were the best I have yet to taste; ultra thin, light, and crispy.  I highly recommend the Goat Cheese and Tomato buckwheat crepe, which is served with a perfectly dressed salad.  I wish that all Montreal creperies were created equal, but this one surpasses many.There are also some sampler type dishes that are around $12 CAD and all inclusive, with fresh fruit with a drink (complete menu on their website).  The Brunch Francais included a delicious baguette with house made fresh fruit jam,  buttery crisp croissant, fresh fruit, fresh melon/berry fruit juice, and choice of hot tea or coffee.  The breads here are crave-worthy, perfectly salted with excellent texture.  The Brittany Brunch was similar, served with a lightly crisp egg, cheese, and ham buckwheat crepe.  However, the item that stands out in my mind most is the Brittany Fig Pudding.  Which is a dense lightly sweetened, creamy custard with a few plump figs at the bottom.  Every item here I tried was just heavenly!
4	Both my dining partner and I had savory (buckwheat) crepes here. There were quite a few varieties to choose from, so if you bring a group, everyone should be able to get something to their liking. And besides, they were so, so very good! I ordered the sausage and onion crepe, which was marvelous--the sausage they use is very pleasant, and the onions were crunchy-sweet. My partner had the salmon, scallops, and sauce crepe, and was equally happy with his choice. We also had two glasses of the draft cider, which was some of the best both of us have ever tasted; it went perfectly with our crepes, so I highly recommend that pairing! The English side of the menu here is (charmingly?) mistranslated in spots, and the staff definitely prefer to deal with their customers in French, so, as in many other places, if you can manage to avoid sounding like a big clumsy Anglophone that will probably improve the quality of your service. As it was, I felt adequately served here. The crepes definitely came out quite quickly and were, as I said, quite tasty.We had hoped to have a meal here earlier in the week but they were mysteriously closed, with no note on the door or anything, when their own signs said they should be open. We shrugged and ended up going to a cafe a few blocks up the street (never a problem, finding good food on Saint-Denis...!). But I'm so glad we came back, because the crepes here are spectacular! I hope to try out the sweet ones next time, but would be just as happy having a savory one again. Yum.
5	Delicious crepes, fun atmosphere and sweet staff. Ate here multiple times during our visit and enjoyed every meal. Really enjoyed the egg crepes.
4	Fantastic crepes, friendly place.
4	Very Nice restaurant. We had a great dinner, very welcoming host. We will definitively be back!
4	Very good.  Crepes from Brittany are made and served different than most other places.  Food here is very good and fresh.  We had various savory crepes and shared a suzette as a sweet.  Friendly attentive staff.  Will go again.
3	My brother was up for a visit and we wanted to have an easy brunch one morning. He and his girlfriend had been to this place and enjoyed it the last time they were up so we decided to head over. I had always wanted to eat here. Right around the corner, the cute decor, the selection of Tin Tin books, Connect Four and other games available for your perusal. It all seemed like a place I would really love. Unfortunately, something just wasn't quite right.I atmosphere was everything I had hoped for, and for that I will actually probably return. The crepes were actually quite good. My partner ordered eggs and bacon and that was ok too, just a bit pricey for such a simple breakfast. The two lost stars were all wrapped up and taken away by an absolutely horrendous server. It started off ok. She greeted us politely, sat us in a booth and moved an extra table over for us, as we were five this morning, brought us our menus and left us to them. As we were looking through them, my brother and his girlfriend were telling us what they had ordered last time, including some delicious bloody caesars. Perfect! We all thought. Bloody caesars on a Sunday morning! The server came back to take our orders and that's when it all started spiralling downwards. My brother was first up, ordering a gin caesar for both himself and his girlfriend. - "A gin what?" Maybe she didn't hear him. - "A gin caesar" Looking very confused, the server said "A gin scissor?" Making the scissoring motion with her fingers. -"No no, a bloody caesar but with gin instead of vodka." Still very confused, "A bloody what? You mean a Bloody Mary?" -"No no, a bloody caesar" Now starting to look irritated with us "I've never heard of that before in my life. What is that?"  -"It's kind of like a bloody mary, but with clamatto juice" Now becoming quite rude, "What? No. No one has ever ordered that before. Can you tell me how to make it?" -"Never mind, we'll just have a beer and a double espresso" -"Ok, short or long?"-"Long please"A little shocked (who in Montreal has never heard of a Bloody Caesar???), the rest of us ordered various coffees and crepes, except my partner who ordered 2 eggs with bacon and extra sausage and baguette instead of regular toast.When our coffees came, no double espresso for my brother and a regular coffee for me (I hadn't ordered any coffee). Then our food came, without my partner's sausage or baguette. When we asked about my brother's espresso, she said with a lot of attitude "did you order one?" We assured her that yes, he had ordered an espresso. We also reminded her about the sausage, baguette, and a missing set of cutlery. With a roll of the eyes, she said "well, I guess I'll bring it to you then."Now, since the food was decent, and I love the idea of playing Connect Four with a pitcher on a terrace on a sunny afternoon, I will chalk up this very unpleasant attitude to a miscommunication and I will be back when the snow melts. I will also, however, peek in through the windows first to see who's working that day.
5	I tried this little place because of yelp reviews and it did not disappoint. I was in search if great crepes and I think I definitely found the best here. I ordered the banana caramiel, which was to die for. The crepe itself was buttery, with a touch of salt and a nice crisp. The filling was homemade toffee, and banana which really complimented each other. My boyfriend got the chocolate banana crepe which had a homemade chocolate filling.We finished it off with a hit chocolate and my picky boyfriend said it was the best hit chocolate he's had! I went back a few days later on my own because the crepe was all I could think about! Please try this place you will not be disappointed.... Now I'm hungry again!
4	Order cidre to drink with ypur galette bretonne@
5	I had the great pleasure of eating at this charming little bistro last week on a recent visit to my hometown, and it was amazing.  The gallettes were delicious (sausage, cheese and onion as well as apple), and the coffee was excellent.  The service was very attentive and warm, and the decor is eclectic and fun.  I would not hesitate to go back - it will now be one of my "must visit" places when I'm back home.  LOVE!
3	Accommodated large group quickly. Food was very slow to come out. Everyone was somewhat satisfied with their food. Service was very slow. Very good for studying or working alone as you won't be disturbed too often.
1	The guy is always and all the time so rude, I work near by and its impossible to get a smile from the owner, he seems to hate customer I gave the place 5 chances and it was my freaking last time there First you simply ask where the washrooms are he point them out like its written there, oh well sorry for disturbing you !You ask for water he directly tells you the you'll need to Order food too, oook relax They are always so rude like you are disturbing them there is this bad attitude that they have I don't why.They ruined my date with my boyfriend with there bad service and mood.If you are looking for a romantic and enjoyable place avoid this one
