4	I am a fan of Franch Canadian Fast Food. Le Belle Province draws me in for it's variety of fast food. Hot Dogs- CheckBurgers- CheckPoutine of all types- Check CheckHamburger Steak- CheckFrites- Err I mean French FriesClub SandwichesSmoked Meat -YUM! When I come here I feel like I finally arrived in Quebec! I love the quirky menu such as the "Hot Dog Michigan" which is actually a chili dog. Who the hell knew?Cheap and fast, it is a inexpensive place to grab a snack or bite on the run.Now over 125 locations all over Quebec.
5	Cheap hot dogs, some of the best fries imaginable, the Poutine is great, and the staff speaks English what more can a hungry drunk guy ask for??
2	Come on. It's greasy fast food.
4	Going to Montreal i was told by a former montreal local that I had to go to BP for a poutine. I don't like poutine, but I had to try it there.A fast food place, this place has all the bad for you foods you may require. I ordered up a plate of poutine and eagerly awaited its readiness. When they called up my order I happily dug in, and I must say that was some fine poutine!  My best suggestion for those with small appetite and/or low tolerance to greasy food is to share, I hardly made it through a quarter of mine, and my friend only managed to eat half of hers.Dang, now I have to go back for more...
3	I must say you have to have a poutine when you go to Montreal, but only then, as I felt as if I need to schedule an angioplasty when I was done eating.  Very good I must say but like an anchor in your gut!  The large poutine is like a silver chinese food take out container loaded with 2 levels of curd and gravy......wow my heart hurts thinking about it
2	Eek me thinks not is right!   Having been in Montreal for a few weeks i was blown away by how often someone randomly urged us to try poutine as if it was God's grandmothers fresh baked apple pie or something.   We'd tried it at the burger king, but after two bites we returned it.  Everyone insisted that was no way to try poutine and we needed to go somewhere legit. like LBP's.   so, we trekked through the rain for a plate of the italianne and boy where we disappointed.   No one told us that you had to be shit faced to like it.  But when have you ever seen a shit faced  picky eater??  Never.     I'll try some fancy poutine next time at Banquise or whatever, but unless i'm wasted, this is just gravy slop on shitty fries.
1	Gross!  This place makes White Castle gourmet in comparison!  I know this is crappy fast food, which I love and embrace brokenheartedly, but place is total crap. There is a reason that homeless come here to eat, its totally cheap and open all night.  But I honestly feel bad for them!!!  Their hotdog tasted like something that came out of the sewer.  It was soft and gooey, not the way a hotdog should taste.  Believe me, I'm a real New Yorker and know a dirty water dog - this was just dirty and gross.If you have NOTHING else, sure I guess this place is fine for a late night snack when you're too drunk to find something else.  But it'll end up giving you a worse hang over than if you ate nothing.
3	So this was the first food stop in montreal last weekend. We were told by a man who clearly knew we had no clue where we were going to go here. I also was told aby a couple people to check this spot out. My overall thoughts: It was ok. The Burgers were these little shniders pattys so i already knew what they would taste like. They tasted like little schniders pattys lol. The poutine was better. These places seem to be prominent in montreal but they arent as amazing as they look. I would go back for late night drunk eats but not my first choice for good cooked food.
4	1st things 1st, when going to this location of LBP the 2 things that need to be eaten are: Smoke Meat, it's moist, and tasty, without being to fatty & the Poutine!The gravy is salty, the cheese is squeaky, and the fries are rustic cut. I know the US yelpers aren't use to some of this delicious grease but when you have lived here your whole life this dish is like a warm hug!A greasy, dirty hug! LOL
