2	You can find this company's products at several retail stores throughout Madison and also at their booth at the summer Farmer's Market. The donuts are always moist and very tasty. The cookies are hit an dmiss--some days they are the perfect combination of being chewy in the middle and crunchy on the outsides. The scones are far too dry for my taste, and the other products look and taste mass-produced. Where is the love?!
5	LOVE Oakhouse.  I have not been to their store location on Mustang Way, but they are the only bakery I buy from on Saturdays at the farmer's market.  Their cookies and cinnamon rolls are delicious, and their cheese bread is to DIE FOR.  Seriously, there are two locations that sell cheese bread at the market, Oakhouse's bread has more flavor and cheese, and it is cheaper than the other location.  Two thumbs up!
5	This review is for Oakhouse @ the Capitol Square Farmers' Market (CSFM) location.They are not exactly an underground bakery at the Farmers' Market,  but they certainly don't get their deserved props.  Oakhouse's delights include breads, donuts, scones and specialties are loaded.There are other bakeries at the market including Stella's.  Based on the crowds and the number of reviewers on Yelp, Stella's gets all the love.   However, based on my consumption of their breads and pastries while also comparing prices and customer service, Oakhouse backhands Stella's with a silicone pastry brush (granted, Stella's has the moistest and most flavorful cheese danishes in the area). I have always appreciated Oakhouse's efficiency and consistency.  They are very organized package bakery perfectly.  I never had anything smushed by being jammed in (like other places).  They rarely struggle with stocking or maintaining an attractive display.  I have never felt ignored or frustrated by cash handlers.  These are amazing accomplishments factoring in the madness of the CSFM.My change your life recommendation is their Napoleon. It is the eclair's hotter sibling. Oakhouse's offering is a ginormous & gorgeous pile of puff pastry, vanilla cream and vanilla/chocolate glaze decadence.  The layer offers dynamic and perfect flavor combinations vs. the eclair's often disappointing cream to pastry ratio.Next time you go to the CSFM... sting Stella's and make a beeline to Oakhouse.  They may be -1 on product marketing, but more thank make up for it on their delicious delivery.  Once you save time, a little cash and make your sweet tooth sparkle, you can thank me later.
3	I've tried:Chunky Cinnamon breadSpicy Cheese breadI first came across Oakhouse Bakery at the Dane County Famers' Market, but I've since seen their products at multiple stores in the Madison area. I know Regent Market Co-Op carries some of their breads.Their Cinnamon bread is decidedly cinnamony, but much too dense and dry for my liking. The Spicy Cheese bread was good, but I found that it falls short of Stella's version of this specialty. Despite the less-than-spectacular nature of what I've tried, I certainly plan on giving Oakhouse another shot. I'm hoping to dig into some of their donuts next time, of course :)
