5	Gem of a place that does an outstanding job always.... Tried the rest...this is the best!!!!!!!
5	Where has this place been all our life?  We are huge PetSmart fans, as both of our dogs go to Banfield there.  We buy all our requirements from PetSmart, use the hotel and the grooming.While I have been happy with the grooming for three years, I find that the service is a bit androgynous and unless you know your stylist by name, you tend to go in and if you do not asked, you will be assigned a stylist. Each time, we have given nice tips and yet find that something is not quite right.  Nails a bit sharp, hair a bit off, hair on the tail a bit odd shaped and just little quirky stuff.  Bad breath, not a full report like they promise.ONTO Pooches N Pal.  Personalized service.  Better make appointment as they are small, the stylist really knows dog cuts and if you are not really sure, will make recommendations.Quality Service - The best hair curt ever. Period.  For some odd reason, next visit to the park and everyone is commenting on my small golden terrier's hair and how shiny it is.  I never even noticed it before we went to Pooches N Pals.Pricing - If it is not the same as all the larger places, it is certainly similar and worth it.I find this place to be very high quality, high in service, knowledgeable, proud and professional.When it comes to the dogs, this is the place I am bring them to from now on.You gotta switch and try this place out.
5	We had just moved to Henderson and were looking for a good quality place to bring our pomchi mix for grooming. Well we were not disappointed!! Best haircut ever and my dog looked and smelled great too!! Nails were done very well, not at all sharp!! This is a great place and I highly recommend it to everyone.
5	Before I thought grooming meant just a wash and a haircut. Until now! Eliot had the best care and haircut he ever had, the details on his new haircut are just so perfect!
5	This place has been great for my 2 toy poodles - Roxy and Jazzy.  They really do a great job of making sure the dogs are comfortable and do a great job on their cuts.
5	GREAT PLACE FOR GROOMING! We have taken our 3 year old shi-tzu 2 times now since moving to the area. Nice people and they know what they are doing! Definitely worth the price of grooming. She told us our previous groomer in CA who we thought was good was cutting him uneven and asked to clip him very short all over. We now see what she means and will keep taking him to this place. Highly recommend. Very professional. Very clean too!
5	I have been taking Milo my half Bichon/Poodle to Jin for last two years. She is one of the best groomers I have everhad in all my years of owning dogs . She strives for perfection and accomplish's it. The facility is always clean , professional and her fees reasonable. My dog loves her and you can tell she loves every pet brought in to her . I recommend her to anyone who wantsquality service, accommodating appts and reasonable pricing .  Dianne S.
5	It was my first time taking one of my dogs to get professionally groomed- I have always been hesitant because of various horror stories I have heard. I saw Pooches n Pals on Yelp and after reading all the outstanding reviews I decided to go ahead and try it out.I called and spoke with the owner, Jin, who was very helpful and set an appointment for me. I dropped my baby off and was anxious to see the results, cause she was a hot mess- no lie.About 3 hours later Jin called and told me my little girl was ready and she looked AMAZING! Her matted thick coat was completely soft and silky. Her fur looked super white, her paws and ears and tail were trimmed perfectly. The super fluffy area around her butt was nicely trimmed and no longer dragging on the ground. She also had the cutest bow in her hair. I loved it. My little girl is half Pomeranian/American Eskimo so her undercoat is difficult- every time I tried to brush her it was a huge ordeal and she would squirm and run off. Jin really cleaned her up beautifully and my doggy looked so gorgeous and happy! I truly appreciated the time and effort that was put in.I made an appointment for my boy dog right then and there. I am so excited to bring him in and get him looking and feeling spiffy too! Jin was so friendly and helpful and knew exactly what my girl needed without prompting. She truly seems to understand the breeds and how their skin and coats should be handled. If you are looking for a groomer who is knowledgeable, patient, has great attention to detail, handles your dog well, and is fairly priced look no further! I will absolutely continue to bring my little furry ones here!
5	I have been bringing Lucky here to get groomed for 9yrs now, Jin the Owner is the best and by far the best groomer in Las Vegas/Henderson Lucky always looks Amazing!!! no lines, no red eyes from stress, truly the best
