5	Great bar, great restaurant, great decor...and bring an expense account, you'll want someone else to pay!  Live music can be a bit loud sometimes, but great Mojitos, Camparinhas (sorry for the spelling, my Portugese is weak)...
5	As M.P. said...it's nice to have someone else foot the bill when you eat here.  However...it was worth it!  I had tuna steak, cooked to almost-raw perfection and my date had the Kobe steak....after trying his, I almost wished I had ordered that...delicious!  Great wine list, nice appetizers, my only complaint is that the tables are so close together!  I almost felt like I was a part of the conversation that was going on next to us.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Griping about prices in the same review that one raves about Kobe beef and cooked to perfection Ahi tuna is contrarian. Kobe style beef and Ahi tuna are about as expensive as food can get, even before they're cooked! Prices at Restaurant Magnus are not out of line with Madison's other top notch restaurants. And frankly, this is one of the ones you'll want to support. These guys arent running to the bank or hiding out in Barbados with your hard earned cash, they are paying the best farmers and producers in the area for locally raised, sustainable or organic foodstuffs whenever possible. Its the kind of place where the dude dropping off his pallette of microgreens might stick around for a locally brewed beer.That said....The other Magnus reviewers do have a point, the restaurant is more expensive than many places in this fine, very cluttered culinary city. Its forunate that so many Madisonians (and visitors) love to dine out here. These folks love to dine out so much, in fact, that whenever anything new opens up, everybody will check it out at least once before returning to their usual haunts. With so many places popping up here all the time, it takes awhile to get back to the places that are truly on top. Its an unfortunate paradox for Magnus that they should have to compete with a pile of restaurants whom they completely out class. Still revolving around the price door...If you're concerned about it, dine in the lounge, snag tapas at the bar or drop in late night for a couple of bites. You can fill up no problem at a market rate comparable to the rest of the city's nightspots (sans a slice) and benefit from a killer line up of live music both local and global - often eclectic and brilliant at least once a week. Not to mention professional, knowledgable service (yes, even in the bar) and a killer list of cocktails. (Many have gone green bouncing back between sweet and sour batidas and rich chocolate martinis).If you give these cats a chance, they'll be sure to guide you to whatever's hot in the Mad city. Ask for Christopher and he'll be sure to tell you about something or another.... ill get to the food in more detail in the future...
4	Unexpected tango night left me confused and in the arms of an out-of-town octogenarian. Nonetheless, I found my bearings well enough to enjoy the excellent wine selection and chimi-churi.
5	In one word, FANTASTIC.One of Madison's better restaurants in the Tribeca area (I still LAUGH OUT LOUD at Madison's attempt to be tres cool and call their TRIangle BEhind the CApitol Tribeca, but hell... I'll go along with it).  The decor is very "cove-esque", exposed brick, old paintings.  The dining area is a wee bit small, and sometimes the dances that the wait staff have to do in order to get us the delicious appetizers is quite uncanny, but my GOD, the bread is scrumptious, their seasonal soup and salad is ALWAYS a hit, and it's the only place yet that I've eaten okra and loved it.  OKRA I TELL YOU.. YES.. en par with Brussell sprouts, but it's fantastic.  For meat eaters (this IS an Argentinian restaurant) evidently the meat selection is good... This veg head wouldn't know... All I DO know is that everytime work takes me out here for a dinner, I never miss the opportunity... he he..Also, their lounge always features great music, and paired with a Kir Royale and a cheese platter, you can make sure your night will be "Inolvidable"...
5	This is one of Madison's hip and equally delicious restaurants.  The first time I visited was for a work function, and man oh man, was it ever good.  We were seated in a private dining room that looked like something right out of the Mediterranean - terra cotta walls, warm glowing light, regional music - and we noshed on jumbo shrimp cocktail, Spanish cheeses, unlimited bottles of smooth red wine, seared Salmon, and an individual key lime pie that was ah-mazing!  The second time, my boyfriend took me there for our anniversary on NYE and it was just as amazing - I forgot how good the complimentary crusty bread with chimichurri sauce was!  I could not stop eating it, though I new I had to save room for the best salmon I have ever tasted.  It is cooked and spiced just perfectly.  Sometime I must return to try the tapas, as the menu looks unbelievably good.  Enjoy this place on a special night out!
1	Grade: Pure EvilAt least I lost 10 pounds when I got a parasite from the undercooked duck. The nastiest calamari ever. Maybe they eat it that way in Japan. I live in Madison. Jerks.
3	This is another place that came highly recommended by EVERYBODY. Definitely one of the best places in town. How would I describe it.......Fine Dining with Brazilian Flare? They have a full dinne menu, and a tapas menu, with a sort of South American flavor. Restaurant can be dark, as they are going for the "nice dinner vibe" for sure. Great wine menu (which is important) with lots of NorCal being represented. I had the rack of lamb, which was a special that night, and it was good, but I really wanted to order the Kobe steak. Not much else to say really, as I will let the food speak for itself. Definitely in the top 3 in terms of restaurants in the city, and year after year this place consistently turns out great food.
5	Went there for the first time 3 weeks ago. I had been meaning to go down for a while because i'm a jazz lover and my jazz piano teacher Tim whalen used to perform there every week. Anyways, it was a friend's birthday and we went there a party of 6. First thoughts was..this is an expensive place. But it is worth every single dollar spent. I won't go into details about the menu as others have touched on it before. Service was quick and the courses were spread out nicely (i just hate it when some places just rush out orders so much so that you have plates waiting to be eaten on the table ).  We had oysters and some ahi tuna concoction that was the special for the day for appertizers,  the ahi tuna steak and the porterhouse steak for main courses.  The only thing i can say is awesomeness. the tuna was the freshest i've tasted in a long time.....the chef seems to have a tendency to slightly under cook the tuna but is able to pull it off as it accentuates the freshness of the ingredients. My friends who had the steak had nothing but praises for it. We skipped desserts as we were overly zealous on the bread so i've got nothing on that. Another plus point is that they feature live music and some decent jazz acts. I talked to the manager after and apparently they fly in their tuna direct from Hawaii every friday, i believe him as i have just nothing but praise for the fish, Must go place! (if you have a lot spare cash in your pocket)Cheers
5	Excellent for the following:-fine dining experience - I've enjoyed the oysters, tapas menu, entrees, excellent wine list and atmosphere-live music and drinks - Caipirinhas, Pisco Sours, great JazzTip for those watching the wallet: the bar menu is pretty good and much less expensive than the dining room.
3	I wanted to like this place more than I did. With the word "great" in the name it sounded like just the spot for us.  And since it was recommended by the hotel's concierge and it was only a block away, Restaurant Magnus got our visit.You can order off the tapas menu or go a more traditional route.  We did both- ordering fresh oysters, xinxin and soft shelled crab off the tapas menu, and then our entrees of salmon and steak off the regular menu.The oysters were from Vancouver and New Zealand tonight.  They were ok but were lacking that fresh salty flavor of my preferred East Coast oysters.  Interested in knowing what xinxin is?  Well it's kind of a stew with shrimp, chicken, chorizo and beef in a coconut milk sauce and cashews.  Very odd combination of flavors, I am still not sure if I liked it.  Hands down, the soft shell crab was the best thing of the night- served over a salad with mustard dressing and roasted tomatoes.The entrees were pretty to look at but there was a lot going on and the flavors were almost too complex.  The salmon had a shellfish mousse on top and was served with corn and a black bean relish.  My rib eye steak was served with warm potato salad and coated with a spicy sauce that was almost BBQ like.  The wine list is pretty extensive with a wide range of wines by the glass.  Service was spotty as the place was packed and we often had to flag our server down and this was on a Monday night!If I were to go again- I'd probably just grab a table on the outdoor patio or at the bar- and enjoy a glass of wine with some of their amazing bread and their selection of Spanish cheeses.  And with the live jazz playing in the background, I'd be in the perfect place.  Who needs xinxin anyway?
5	[Saved for posterity, 2008]My favorite Madison fine dining establishment, hands down.  Magnus goes for an Argentine/South American cuisine bent, and does so admirably.  The locally-sourced meats and produce, however, make one feel good about supporting the establishment.  The vibe is noisy and raucous and there is often jazz or other well-chosen music playing the bar area.  The two dining areas have a cavernous feel, lending to the South American atmosphere, but can also feel appropriately intimate when the mood is right.  Dinner always starts off with fresh bread and a delicious chimichurri sauce, and don't forget the wine list, which is extensive and reasonably priced.  Service is excellent; the waitstaff is pleasant and helpful.I have never had a bad meal, nor experience, at Magnus.  Love it.
4	I love this place... the atmosphere, the food, the bar and live music. We had our rehearsal dinner here, the staff was amazingly helpful. Prentice knows his stuff and was able to help us pick out a fantastic menu and wines. 40 people (wedding party and out of town guests) fit comfortably in the Tortuga room, and the night went on without a hitch - which is more than I can say for the wedding. The constant topping off hurt us a little bit when the final bill came, but in the grand scheme of the cost of a wedding it was worth it. Everyone had a fantastic time, and we got tons of compliments on the dining choice. We look forward to going back to Madison and the Magnus for our anniversary. Try the Tres Leches, it is amazing!
4	I have visited Magnus as both a bar and restaurant increasingly frequently in the last year, and it shines on both counts. As a restaurant, it's not exactly the sort of place to have a casual dinner-- at least not in terms of price. That said, the food is quite good, even if one doesn't care that the beef was raised with tender, loving care by a den of Amish virgins, or whatever the claim may be. The proprietor, Christopher, is usually present and he's quite attentive to patrons, especially to large groups armed with corporate credit cards. Christopher and his brother started the local Barriques wine store chain, and Magnus' wine selection benefits greatly from that fact. More than a few wines are available by the glass. Appetizers can be a bit lacking if you're not a fan of goat cheeses (served with communion wafer-like crackers) or raw seafood. As for entrees, I recommend the Ahi tuna, the NY steak, and the duck. The desserts are great, regardless of what you choose. Dinner for two with entrees and desert and a medium-priced bottle of wine will cost between $160 and $200.More often than not, I find myself patronizing Magnus as Madison's classiest live music venue. Though most would consider it a jazz bar, I've heard everything from swing to rockabilly to blues. I would argue that Magnus has the best physical bar in town, and the room evokes a feeling of warmth, class, and good cheer-- the crowd tends to be a little older, but even the college kids are mature and respectful. The drink menu may be a bit sparse on specialty martinis and cocktails, but there is little that the bartenders cannot whip up if you ask them.Waiter service can be a little on the slow side, but generally there are only two waiters on staff covering both the bar and the restaurant, so delays are somewhat understandable. I recommend a seat at the bar-- the bar staff is attentive and when a band is playing, it's the best place to sit without losing your hearing.Be warned, most acts will charge you a cover between $5 and $7, unless you arrive at the bar early enough; I'm not sure if the cover still applies if you wander in from dinner, but the staff is watching for those who sneak in under the guise of having late-night dessert . Also, because so much of the bar scene at Magnus revolves around the live music, the bar tends to clear out when the act is over, which is usually around midnight.Magnus is a great place for a formal dinner or for taking a date out for drinks. Start the night out at the bar here, then make your way down to Natspil on King St or Maduro on Main St afterward.Ciao!
5	I realized I didn't update this review for our Anniversary, and I wanted to. Love the service, everyone who works here is spectacular, and the service always is. Love the bread with the chimi-churi dip. Seriously, this dip is so amazing! Had the special which was Kobe beef fillet with this what can only be described as amped up mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was the most amazing thing I have ever eaten. It was pasta with smoked Gouda, truffles, prawns, OMG decadent and delicious. I wished it was an entree and I could have eaten more. If you ever go here and they have anything like that as the special, get it. GET IT! I swear, I was raving about it for days.
4	Fantastic service. Amazing food, even more amazing when someone else is picking up the check.
5	I've only ever gotten the tapas here, but they have always been very tasty. Some day I want to try an entree. Their drinks are great too. If you haven't been here yet, you should definitely go sometime.
2	This review is for the new Magnus:Old Magnus, why did you go away? And why did you take the tasty chimichurri with you? Coming to Magnus (and paying the bill) is for special occasions. The new, updated Scandinavian menu leaves a lot to be desired. I found a few things on the menu that sounded interesting, but I will be okay without ever going back to try them. The menu is heavy on smoked and salted fish, per the Scandinavian tradition. The focaccia has even been replaced with rye bread. The bread is okay, but it's no where close to comparable. The one thing that didn't change with the Scandinavian overhaul is that the service is still very inattentive. Maybe this place would have gotten 3 stars if I hadn't ever been to the old version of Magnus. But I have. And I miss it.
4	Wicked place! Not quite sure with what the string of poor reviews is about, but maybe they've improved things since? The food and drink were excellent. I'm not gonna get into detail about why it was great, it just was. My ol' lady n' me... we know when we like something. Anyhow, the only thing lacking in this experience was the service. If I'm spending money like one should at Magnus, I expect service to be with it and involved. I'm not sure if our server was on a different planet last night, or if she maybe isn't happy about high check averages and good tips. I'm not looking for handjobs under the table, nor am I asking for a topless dance on my table, but for frick sake, let's actually act like we want to be there. I've had better service at Monty's Blue Plate... all it takes is a smile, and perhaps the idea that you care about our experience.We'll be back, we definitely will, but I hope service steps up their game.
4	I'm a fan of the Magnus, and I've been itching to try it again since switching over to their "new Scandinavian" menu.  My husband and I went for dinner last weekend, and we were not disappointed.  We arrived relatively early for a Friday night, so we decided to sit at the bar and have a cocktail before moving on to dinner.  We both had speciality cocktails - The Finn's #7 Cup (gin, vermouth, Lillet, and St. Germain garnished with sliced cucumbers and green apples) for me, and the New Style Old Fashioned (Jack Daniels, SoCo, ginger, and gingerale) for the husband.  Both were delicious.  The addition of ginger to the old fashioned gave it a zip that it doesn't normally have.  The Finn's #7 Cup was light and refreshing, and made me wish that it was July instead of November because it was a drink that I think would be best enjoyed out on the patio on a beautiful summer evening.  While our bartender was a little slow, the drinks made up for the misstep in service.We ordered the house special appetizer of the night, which was a home cured pastrami made of grassfed beef ribeye prepared as a carpaccio topped with shaved truffles served with homemade crackers, sweet grainy mustard, and I think saurkraut.  The curing of the pastrami was just right - light enough to retain the texture of a carpaccio yet still tasting like pastrami.  We had the caraway seared venison with venison carpaccio and the cocoa nib cured wild boar tenderloin for our entrees.  When we ordered, I asked the waitress how the venison tenderloin would be prepared, and she replied that the chef sears it to medium rare.  I usually like my red meat very rare, but I went with medium rare based on her recommendation.   And, while it was medium rare, it was still more well done than I would have liked.  Next time I won't second guess myself.  But the venison carpaccio made up for it.  It was melt in your mouth smooth, and the ligonberry syrup added a nice tartness to balance out all the meat.  However, the smoked gouda-egg flan was cold and gelatinous (in a bad way), and I could have done without it.The wild boar was also cooked medium rare, and the cut of meat was perfection.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and perfectly delicious.  I would definitely order it again.For dessert we went with the Magnus chocolates and a cheese plate.  The chocolates were your basic restaurant chocolate - absolutely fine, but nothing spectacular.  Same for the cheese plate, although the selection of Carr Valley's Cocoa Cardona to the plate was a nice complement to the rest of the meal.  We also enjoyed a delightful bottle of a bonarda/malbec blend with dinner.Based on this experience, I'm very happy with Magnus's new menu, and I would recommed the Magnus as a great fine dining option in Madison.
3	I arrived in Madison late on a Tuesday in advance of a business meeting. I had read the mixed reviews about the new Scandinavian menu at Magnus and actually had decided to go someplace else. But my hotel was only 2 blocks away, and I decided to give it a try.So here's my assessment. It's good. It's definitely not as bad as some of the other Yelp reviewers. But it's not really a rave place either.So let's start with the food. As I've said, it was late. When I stopped in, I thought I probably would order off the bar menu. But the dining room was still serving, so I ordered off the dinner menu. But I wasn't starving. So I had a soup and starter. The soup was oxtail soup. It was very good. It was the evening special, and the server described mentioned horseradish as an ingredient. Well, let me tell you. There WAS horseradish in the soup. Now, I like horseradish. But if you were at all sensitive to spiciness, this would have knocked your socks off.For my 'entree,' I ordered the smoked salmon and potato-bacon crepe. I wasn't sure what to expect from it, and it didn't disappoint. The crepe really was a thin crepe. I thought it might be more like a latke. (But that would be more Eastern European, not Scandinavian.) The smoked salmon was very good. It's just that the flavors together were sort of jarring. So, I don't know if ordering a soup and appetizer is a fair assessment of the food or not. But as my 3-star rating indicates, I thought it was OK. Not great, but OK. Truth is, I kinda miss the old menu, like many of the other Yelp reviewers.Just a few other comments - I really love the decor. It reminds me of the 'cellar' cafes that my wife and I ate at in Poland a few years ago. And the music was very cool - French cafe music. (I used my new iPhone app, Shazam, to identify Rupa and the April Fishes as one of the more distinctive performers on the music mix that was playing the night I was there. I thought it was very entertaining.
4	The food here is amazing. I have now sampled several items from their menu, and nothing has disappointed at all. I love the fact that they have PBR on their beer menu for $2. It makes paying for the food a lot easier on a tighter budget. Anyhow, even though the food, the room, the atmosphere are all 5-star, service still really needs to step up its game. For the quality offered, and the justified price point, the quality of service still needs improvement. Now, not by any means is the service atrocious, it's actually pretty decent. I just expect a bit more when I'm paying this much. Whether it's spaciness or inattentiveness, it just takes away from what can and should be 5-stars all around. Nevertheless, I will be back soon!
3	We ate at Restaurant Magnus last weekend, it was my first time eating there. It was ok. I just wasn't that into the whole Scandinavian menu. For the same prices you could eat somewhere better in Madison (i.e Johnny Delmonicos). I had the tartare as an appetizer which tasted fine, and some sort of Scandinavian Chicken Breast as the entree. I chose the Chicken Breast dish because the other options included Wild Boar, Liver and Venison and didn't look all too appealing to me. Like I said the food was fine, but the whole Scandinavian menu is not really my favorite.
5	Want gourmet food on a bar food budget? Go to Magnus, eat at the bar (from the bar menu), have a drink with their ever friendly bartenders and try a few things. You'll be glad you did. We're talking $5-12 per plate.Not on a budget? Eat from the regular menu in the dining room. It's almost always very good food but you pay for it.
2	More Fashionable than Tasty.I consider myself reasonably well-versed in culinary experiences and concepts, but Magnus was a real disappointment for me. We went on a busy Saturday night, and were seated immediately which was nice. The decor is great, and the atmosphere is nice. However, I despise Maitre D's and servers who push expensive wine without solicitation, this happened 3 times, which is too many for one meal. I LOVE pricey wine, don't get me wrong, but I just wasn't in the mood and needed to get up early the next morning and they just wouldn't leave it alone. Annoying. More importantly,  the food was highly disappointing. They are working with world-class ingredients, and the chef is obviously creative, but my plate just did NOT work... the piece of Venison was exceptional and very well cooked, (if on the very rare side of medium rare, but I like that). BUT the puree was cold, and I had a raw egg on my plate which was also stone cold. the combination of that and over-garlicked spinach was really nausea-making. I HATED it and resented paying for it. My partner had the Boar, which again was superb quality, but the accoutrements were too many huge slimy mushrooms and made for an equally nauseous experience...hence the first line of my review.
4	Well, I was contacted by the owner after my review, and he explained all of my experiences and apologized. That says a lot about a business. Good for them.
4	Yep, it's on the elite list of quality fancy places in Madison.  I had missed out on my bf's graduation dinner here and yearned to go myself for way too long after that.  Finally, for a birthday dinner he took me here, let's say 2008.The place is really mellow, soft lighting, neat room with high ceiling, attentive service, the works.  It's one of those "sigh" places.  If you are in the mood for a little snobbery, go!
5	Restaurant Magnus is experiencing a renaissance of sorts.  After many years with great success focusing on South American fare as its theme, it has undergone a major transformation, with new leadership in the kitchen and a new image as a Scandinavian eatery.While the dining room remains largely the same, save for the addition of an impressive wood gateway over the entrance to the main room, done in the style of a similar portal on a 12th Century Scandinavian church.  The wood is sleek, natural and mostly unadorned, setting the tone for Magnus's new culinary focus, led by Chef Nick Johnson.Following a trend represented in some of the most successful restaurants in other large cities, Magnus's new menus has moved from rustic and rich of the south to the north's clean flavors of fresh, smoked, pickled and brine.  The standouts on the new menu are several, but the one dish I have ordered again and again is the starter of tuna served two ways: a raw tuna tartare dressed with cucumber dill and a cured tuna "ham," topped with a quail egg.  The duo is served on a piece of pink Himalayan salt, lending not only a dramatic flair to the presentation, but also the benefit of a wonderful natural salt flavor.  The gravlax and salmon caviar and the seafood plate are also standouts on the starters menu.For mains, the choice is between water and earth.  There may be a tendency to overlook the seemingly quotidien salmon at first, but it is a delight - cooked to perfection and complemented with perfect, subtle flavors of dill and fennel. While the fish dishes are strong, Magnus still truly excels in its preparations of meats, and the choice really becomes one of personal preference.  The duck is always a wonderful option, and I tend to have to force myself to order anything else.  The wild boar is my dining partner's plate of choice, and is exceptional, every time.  Yet the venison, Kobe steak and Farmer's Market steak all provide their own culinary charms and character and are worthy of attention, as well.The wine selection is excellent, and the knowledgeable, helpful and attentive waitstaff can assist in making an appropriate choice to accompany the meal.  Cocktails are also well-matched to the cuisine.Magnus is one of Madison's finest dining experiences, rounding out an elite team of the best of the best.  Its new direction left some dubious, at first, but after a year and a half of fine-tuning, the time is right to experience upscale Scandinavian cuisine as interpreted by Chef Johnson, the Berge Brothers and Laura Jones.
5	Very enjoyable food, I'd say 4.6 stars to be more precise. The salmon and potato-bacon crepes were outstanding, as was the bite of potato terrine I tried. The main courses seem a bit salty for my taste, judging from the coriander duck breast and the few bites of rainbow trout I had, but at least the duck breast is full of flavor that overwhelms the saltiness. The bread and sauce was also very good, as was the French toast for dessert. The atmosphere is very pleasant, though its acoustics seems to make it quite loud when crowded.
2	I dined there on a friday night, the food was ok but nothing I would go back to again.  For the price, I would have expected it to be fantastic and it was just ok.  The atmosphere is amazing which is why I gave it 2 stars, if it wasn't for this I probably would have given it 1. The bread was served with some "duck fat" dipping sauce.  It literally tasted like the pan droppings of the thanksgiving turkey, disgusting.  Why would you serve duck fat???? I had the wild boar which was tastey but for the 5 peices of ham rolled in bacon and the 5 brussel sprouts for $29 left me hungry. Its just over priced!!!   Not really something you must see in Madison, I have been to a dozen other places that I actually crave and want to go back to.  I would pass if I were you!
5	Mmmmm my favorite!! So good and always a wonderful place to go have dinner.
5	It is unfortunate that this is closing, as it is the best fine dining in Madison.   I think that a lot of people don't recognize that they also have a smaller bar area with more affordable options that are excellent as well.
5	Sadly, Magnus will be closing it's doors for good after 12/31/10, according to one of their bartenders. Get there while you can.
