5	This salon does not elicit 1 star.  Upon entering, I was greeted very warmly by the staff.  Heather was my stylist and she was very welcoming, took the time to understand my desired look - and not only executed perfectly, but added a bit of freshness to my typical style.  Additionally, not sure how the previous review claimed "unsanitary".  This salon is impeccably well-maintained with a great atmosphere.
5	My stylist knows the exact look I want to achieve every time! Thx Jennifer!
5	I opened up a Yelp account specifically to rave about this salon! The staff is friendly, Jennifer is just great, very accomodating and sweet and my stylist Cassie is probably the best stylist/colorist  I've ever been to! I went the first time after purchasing one of those online deals for a keratin treatment and cut and have never looked back! I always leave there feeling great! I find the salon to be clean and quite sanitary, and the pricing is more than fair! I am a customer for life!
5	12-14-2012--I'm paranoid about my hair. More than paranoid--freakish to the point that I used to fly to Portland to get the color/cut just PERFECT. As in Super-Model perfect, when I walked out the door. My gf, gets her color done here...so as far as ease of scheduling, I was seen within 1 week. Very cool. 4 stars so far. We shall see how the end result looks. I am hopefully optimistic. Stay tuned.1-15-2013--Jennifer and THIS PLACE ROCKS!!  Ah-mazing is all I can say. My color/ cut turned out PERFECTLY. Exactly what I wanted and I will NEVER go any other place in Scottsdale...  When you get your hair shampooed ,  you go into a quiet room, with heated neck rests and spa music. You can totally chill. I hate to say how great she is...because I am afraid that she'll be booked up...but can't let this secret remain one. I looked to long and hard for a damn good hair stylist,  after reading many yelp reviews and was sorely disappointed...so now, that, I finally found one, I shall share  the good news with you. Hope this helps!
5	I've been getting my hair done for the past year with Jennifer...and trust her completely to have me look amazing every time I walk out of the salon.  I work as a spokesperson so whenever I have to travel out of town (which is very frequent), I go see her the day before and she takes great care in my color (which isn't easy as I went premature gray), cut (when needed) and my amazing blowout...which can last almost a week!!!!  My favorite part of visiting her salon is the "wash house" where I get to completely relax!  All the girls are terrific...have had Ciera do my hair if Jennifer couldn't fit me in...and she did a great job too!
5	Jennifer Andre Salon definitely deserves 5 stars! The staff is very friendly and fashion forward, and Jennifer herself is very, very nice.My stylist, Heather, began working here about 6 months ago, and A) she is the best (though this review is not about her) and B) I am so happy that she chose a salon as wonderful as this one to work in! The salon is very clean and modern, and the shampoo lounge is very relaxing. I appreciate that there is a changing room to put on our capes- it is a nice touch! This salon is a unique gem, and I highly recommend it to those of you yelpers looking to change up your 'do!P.S. Heather is SERIOUSLY the best!
4	Let's just say I get around ... as far as salons go anyway. I've been to tiny one-room studio salons and ginormous full-service salons. Jennifer Andre Salon hits that in-between sweet spot that merges comfortable neighborhood vibe with a clean, contemporary atmosphere. My stylist Haidyn, did a bang-up job on my blonde highlights. She was sweet, friendly and genuinely interested in making sure I got what I wanted. In fact, the entire staff was super friendly including the fabulous salon owner Jennifer, who was constantly bopping around to help out the other stylists. The location is convenient and close to other businesses (car wash, Four Peaks) and the prices aren't outrageous, I'll be back!
5	I have been here (Arizona) for over a year now and haven't found MY salon...you know, that salon that has your stylist, the stuff you like and you can walk in and say, "do what's going to look good" and it actually does? Well my search has ended.Ciera was my girl today and I couldn't have found a better match. Shes cute and fun and super knowledgeable...did I mention she actually listens and does what you ask?I walked in and felt bad because I forgot to ask if I could get my eyebrows waxed before hand but it wasn't and issue. I was given a tour and then I changed into a robe and  given a glass of water. I was informed that I was lucky Ciera was my stylist because she is also the waxing specialist. I told her a bit about my eyebrows and their habits and what I like as far as upkeep and she did EXACTLY as I asked with a smile on her face.Then we sat down to talk about my hair...I have a lot of hair and its wavy and curly and all over the place and its growing out from donation a while ago so unfortunately right now I'm a bit particular. Ciera listened to what I wanted and even suggested a few things that would work well with the cut too. When I told her about my issues with previous stylists (them not listening to what I wanted) she was like, "well my job is to listen to what you want, make suggestions if necessary but ultimately you know your hair and how you want it done. If you're going to do something I don't think will look good, I will tell but you but still do as you ask." How awesome. I love that shes willing to be honest and not pretend to know more about my hair then I do.Make a point to go there just for the wash alone. Its in a separate room that's closed off, dimmed with candle light and nice music. You lay back in a cushy chair and get a rockin' scalp massage and  quick back rub too. I can't wait to go back and get my hair colored - they have an area where you see everything and apparently can participate in the mixing process and get a little know how behind it and what you're doing to your hair.Everyone there is cool and they work quickly. It was clean and fun and I will definitely be going back.CIERA YOU ROCK!
2	I wanted to achieve 4 main things when I went to this salon:- Get a chic haircut - nothing crazy just what I have been doing for years.  - Get an overall hair color that matches my natural hair to basically hide my grays and my outgrown highlights.  Again nothing crazy. - Get this done at a reasonable groupon price.- Find a new saloon that I could potentially return to due to its convenient location and great reviews Lets say that I didn't achieve any of these! This salon is a couple of years old and seems in a good condition.  It is conveniently located.  First thing - the groupon was a little misleading.  As is the case with other groupon deals for haircut/color packages, I assumed that I will get my overall color with the price listed.  But when I sat down in the chair I was informed that it will be additional $35 if I wanted overall color, since the groupon price only includes "base" color which is what they do to just fix your outgrown hair??  When I called to make an appointment I was specifically told NOT to by the groupon and they will just honor the groupon price.  Now I was in a situation to not fight but just pay the additional $35 as I already had a sitter at home w/ the baby.  The color was a disaster - it was much warmer than my original hair, but only in the roots.  So I had reddish roots and brownish body.  So it took twice as long and my hair took twice as much chemicals, as they had to redo the color.  I was a bit annoyed, but apparently this happened with their latest Paul Mitchell products to numerous clients.  My scalp itched for days and I saw color in the tub for many washes.  After about a week - both my grays and highlights are popping out.  This is what makes me SO mad.  I paid a lot and was extremely nice in spite of the mess-up, but this is unacceptable. Since the stylist spent more time for my hair color, I felt like she didn't spend as much time with my haircut.  I showed her a picture - same picture I always use.  But this time, the end result was completely different.  She didn't thin out my hair from the bottom at all and I now have a haircut that I hate and is suitable for a much older lady.  I went to this place based on the perfect 5star yelp reviews.  But I am disappointed.  I hope this is helpful. Good Luck.
5	LOVE this salon! (& Ciera!) She always takes her time cutting my hair and she's so sweet. I wouldn't, and haven't gone to any other salon since I moved here.  I would recommend this salon to all of my friends and recommend Ciera as a stylist. (she also does waxing)
5	Love this salon! I saw three stylist and each one was fantastic - knowledgeable, friendly, accommodating. The atmosphere is nice - open, spacious, modern. Definitely coming back!
1	My husband went to Haidyn last week because our complex posted a 20% off special. First of all, the regular price was $30. He was charged $25. 20% off should've been $24. No biggie in itself.  When he got home, we noticed it was uneven on the sides and all over the back. He called to ask her to fix it. She did but charged him $15. This is the first time I have heard of a stylist charging to fix her own mistake. We would not recommend this salon.
2	Maybe I had a miscommunication with my stylist the first time I visited her. She was supposed to be the men's specialist, but I felt like she didn't hear what I asked her to do. Plus when I go to a stylist I depend on them to be the specialist. I didn't go to school to cut hair, so really ask me a few questions then go to town. Rely on what I tell you to do and don't deviate, well of course I'm not going tio like it. I don't know how to cut hair.I called the next day to let her know I wasn't happy. Left a message, but she never called to ask me why or what was wrong. So I scheduled a touch up. She fit me in while she was doing a color. Did a nice job. But what shocked me was that she charged me to fix what I thought was not a good cut. I tipped her, cause I guess she needed the money more than a repeat customer.Not going back.
4	A quiet refuge in a strip mall. I followed my favorite hairdresser to Jennifer Andre Salon and have been delighted. Not only is it a professional, clean, and pretty place, but the washroom experience is fantastic. Soft reclining seat with heated neckrolls, Dimmed lights, and footstools make this a little piece of heaven. Oh, and don't forget the shoulder massage. Now, how about a great cut or color? Amy Cox is the best...and a nice person, too.  Jennifer is the most in touch owner I've witnessed. She keeps things managed behind the scenes and is always welcoming and pleasant. Nice place!
5	I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review, when my experience was exceptional! Jennifer is amazing with colors, and can turn a disaster into something spectacular. Her salon is amazing, they use great products, everyone is friendly and accommodating to your needs. Jennifer really did wonders on my hair. I've been to three different salons since my hairstylist past away, and the result left my hair ruined. It was chemically damaged, my length was so uneven and I have massively thick hair so it made the quest to finding a great hairstylist seem impossible. So glad I found her! I will definitely be back!!-Katie K.
5	I'm typically not one to be super eager to write reviews. However, Amy deserves 5 stars! She was amazing from the second I stepped into the salon. Before I go into my experience, here is a back story.... I would book appointments with my hair salon in California around my visits there. Now, that will not be necessary. As soon as I walked in, Amy was warm and welcoming. Once I sat down I told her exactly what I wanted and she nailed it! My color and cut was perfect. The scalp and hand massage was amazing and super relaxing. From start to finish she was very attentive and understood what I wanted. I have found my new stylist in Scottsdale! Thank you Amy, you were fabulous!!!
5	Friendly staff. Great prices! They provide a unique service that I haven't seen in many salons; scalp massage while washing the hair. It was about 5 mins long and it felt great! Haidyn was my stylist and she took good care of me. I have curly hair and understand that it's more difficult to work with, but if you are a stylist you should be able to work with all types of hair. I have had the hardest time finding a stylist who can cut my hair evenly and to my liking and I'm not even picky. Haidyn understood what I wanted because she asked the right questions and heard what I had to say. I will be going back to her again.
5	Love love my haircuts from here!  I had been working out of state for about 5 months and was so happy my gal was still working at the salon!You have to go to Lindsay!!!!!!  She is so good at precision cutting.  I like my hair looking sleek and perfect. She does it perfect !
5	Just went here for the first time to get a fade, have never had a better haircut.  Any guy looking to up their look, ask for Amy. The girl can cut, my friend.  All the girls there were very friendly and the atmosphere is nice. Head massage with every cut? Yes sir, and a Four Peaks next door.  I have found my barber shop.
5	I had Jennifer do my hair for my wedding in Scottsdale as well as my bridesmaids, mother, and mother in law. All of us looked fabulous! Jennifer is extremely talented and listens to what you want. She's creative and you can rest assured your hair will stay put without looking like it has twelve bottles of hairspray on it! She works quickly but the end result is beautiful hair! (I also had my hair cut and colored -full highlights- a few days before the wedding. The color has never looked better and it's completely natural. It doesn't look like it was even lightened and it's great. If I lived locally I would designate Jennifer my new stylist!). We all also had our make up done by Lindsay from her salon and that was fantastic too! If you're looking for a natural  look she is the make up artist for you! Again, great experience! Highly recommend this salon!
5	Just moved here from Virginia and the most stressful thing is finding a hair stylist you will love! Well I found her Jenny is awesome perfect color and cut! I highly recommend her and the other stylists in the salon. The whole family goes there now! Great experience!
5	This is a beautiful salon!  I love my stylist Guillermo and follow him wherever he goes and I really hope he stays here because I loved the atmosphere.  Everyone was very friendly and of course my haircut was amazing at a reasonable price.
5	I purchased a Groupon for 3 facials, I went today for the first of my three facials. My facial with Sydney was very relaxing! She did a great job and I was happy to get a neck and hand massage (bonus) while the enzyme treatment was sitting and the mask was sitting on my face. And to top it off, it ended with a scalp massage!  When my facial was done I asked if she'd have time to wax my legs and she was able to squeeze me in for 1/2 leg wax! I'm booked again for my 2nd facial in 3 weeks and I can't wait! I highly recommend them!
