5	If you want your car repaired and done right by an honest shop, then bring it to Olson's. They repaired my a/c for cheaper than what the dealer was going to charge me...runs cold now! I think these folks are angels in disguise. Thanks again Olson's for restoring my faith in car mechanics. :)
4	I have always had good service at Olson's for the last 20 years.
5	Olson's car care has always provided cost effective, honest, timely car repairs. They go out of their way to put the customer first. Excellent place to go!
5	The entire staff is always very friendly and extremely helpful. Nick recently helped my mother with her car while she was on vacation out of state, thanks Nick!
5	This is a review about my whole situation so it lists 3 businesses.I got new tires on my car in Mar, a week ago I went in for a rotation and the front tires were worn down to the steel bands on the front tires, YIKES! I got 2 new tires at Discount Tire on Indian Bend and the 101. They suggested I go to Carlife around the corner for an alignment. That sounded logical, they even gave me coo-pun! Took the car in, they said I needed the alignment, a camber kit (adjustment for the alignment), new struts and strut mounts and maybe more once they got in there.Here is where it gets interesting. Knowing that I had just had new struts 6 months ago and they last for at least 50,000 I took it to Olson's Care Care in Mesa. They told me I needed an alignment and camber kit. So...I went back to Carlife and asked them why I needed new struts and strut mounts. The owner, Eddie said he didn't know he is just the owner and does desk work, I needed to talk to Hank, the mechanic. Hank took me on a test drive so I could hear the squeek/noise that made him sure I needed struts and mounts. I heard a very slight noise. I told him that I recently replaced them. He told me they could be defective. I said then they would be leaking right? He agreed. He put it on the rack and could not find any leaking. He basically failed to prove to me why I needed to spend over $900!!!I then went back to my friend who had installed the struts and done other work. I told him what happened while we were on a test drive, trying to make it work. It was a hot day and I guess that made it not so easy to replicate. When we got back he got out, went to the front passenger side and pushed down, there was the sound. He said that is your spring, which is EXACTLY what it sounded like. No big deal. Just get the alignment.I went back to Olson's Car Care, got the alignment and guess what, for a couple hundred my car drives like a new car, so smooth! Awesome! so, I am glad the other people on here had a good experience at Carlife, but they tried to give me the Royal Screw job! I know I am a Princess, but I am not taking it! I went to an honest shop and now I am sharing my experience. BEWARE of Carlife!!!!!!!! Oh, just be safe and go to Olson's!!
5	Friendly, helpful - I had a last-minute emergency and my car wouldn't start - they are only a few blocks away from my home.  They recommended a very quick and reasonable tow service, then took care of my car on the same day even though they were very busy.  Communicated clearly about price, time frame, and were impeccably professional.
