3	Located on the southwest corner of McClintock Drive and Southern Avenue, this Tempe store is the first location in the Valley to dish up soup from the Manhattan kitchen that inspired the legendary "Seinfeld" character the Soup Nazi ("No soup for you!").I recommend the shrimp bisque ($7.99). It's creamy with plentiful pieces of mouthwatering shrimp, carrots and peas. The soup is amazing and it comes with a choice of apple, orange or banana, a small piece of bread and a chocolate. I'm sure I don't have to touch to much on the ice cream here. Everyone should know by now how delicious it is!!!
3	I love ice cream on hot days, and normally don't go out to get it, except for when its scortching hot.  Last night, I was hot, so I decided to go and get some coldstone.I think coldstone is good, and love the fact that they have late hours and are close to home. Thier ice cream is rich and delicous, with many options of stuff to have put in it.  I can't eat it all the time, but it is a nice tasty treat to have!
5	If you compare this place to baskin and robbins then... oh wait there is no comparison I haven't tasted ice cream this good since I was in Rome and that was 7 years ago!It is SOOO good! And they love to get people to sample their ice creams, which always goes down good. Well worth the price. And there is 101 things to crumble and dollop onto your fresh ice cream to make it even more heavenly!These guys seriously need to branch out across the world.
4	Ice Cream.......good taste still
5	This is the first Cold Stone location to open up, ever!  With such a famous location, the ice cream here and service can't be beat.  I've always been greeted here with a smile, to indulge in rich, smooth ice cream mixed with various toppings.
4	I can honestly say that I'm not the biggest ice cream fan.  I mean I like ice scream, but I can be a bit sometime-y with it.  But when I crave it, I crave it in a big way.  Cold Stone can be a bit much for me with all the toppings, but that's what makes it SO cool..That being said, the servers at this location are the nicest around.  I've visited the two cold stone locations in Tempe many times because my friends LOVE ice cream.  Most times I don't order anything or I'll take a sample spoon of something and the servers are ALWAYS very sweet!  My favorite thing to order is a like it Sweet Cream with Snickers.  SO GOOD!  Also cool to know that this is the first location EVER OPENED in 1988!  How cool is that?
3	I thought it would be cool to go here since this is the location of the very first Cold Stone Creamery. A plaque on the wall confirmed that this was store #1 but other than that it was unremarkable. The Cold Stone closer to my house is bigger and cleaner with a nicer outdoor seating area so I'll stick with that location. Store #1 still has the same great ice cream, though, and very friendly employees!
4	I like it, I don't love it and I don't have to have it but once in a while its nice to please my sweet tooth.  There are so many different combos of cream you can mix and match.
5	Came here a few times in Feb/March and it was very wonderful. They had salted caramel and I mixed it with graham crackers. HEAVEN!!!!!!
