4	So anyone who's been at an airport has probably passed by a Hudson News.  I went to the one by my Virgin America flight gate.  It was on the smaller side of the Hudsons I've been to, but what other choice do I have when I want a magazine for a plane ride.  If it wasn't for these stores, I would have died of boredom on some of my flights!!!
2	OK, this is not a small airport gift shop.  It's pretty decent in size.  It has magazines, books, bizarre gifts, beverages, and random snack.  Here's my problem.  NO GUMMY SNACKS?  How can you have beef jerky, but no gummy worms?  Hell, how can you have some random fancy popcorn, but no gummy anything?  Shame on you.  I had to ride a plane in misery.  Never again!
4	There are a number of Hudson News at McCarran. This one is located in in the D Concourse at a major intersection in the Concourse. It is one of the largest Hudson News locations I've ever seen.Picked up bottled water and several magazines for the flight home.Lots of snacks, soda, bottled water, books and magazines, toiletries - and more are available here.
2	Quick, with a smattering of Vegas things in a corner and some postcards here and there... all the normal snacks, books, toiletries and more here.One thing I found disappointing was the lack of prices at the postcard section as I was perusing.And Justine was right, no gummy snacks. Odd.
2	Hudson News is a great convenience but not if you are taking a red eye. If you plan on getting there late it is best that you stop and pick up a book or magazine before you get to the airport. When I tried to buy something their computers were reloading which usually takes an hour. I stopped by there around 12:00 am. I'm glad I was able to sleep on the flight or I would have been pretty bored!
2	If a city can be rated based on the number of books at its airport's Hudson News, then Vegas gets low marks. Of course, when I think of great literary cities, Vegas doesn't exactly leap to mind (this is a city after all where the high mark for culture consists of a lap dance). Still, it would be nice if travelers had more of a selection than the latest Vince Flynn potboiler.
3	Hudson's was fine for what I wanted - my morning Los Angeles Times.  I bought it and was back to the waiting area in a very short time.  The cashier was pleasant and everything was quick and smooth.
1	If making it through security at the Pittsburgh airport isn't a pleasant enough experience-visit Hudson News while you prepare to wait for a delayed flight at an overcrowded gate.  And hope that Dawn is working there.  The way she verbally abuses the employees (in front of eyebrow-raised customers) only increases the allure of traveling to and from Pittsburgh.
5	Great service with a smile today at this shop. Even got a free sample of a new candy they are selling. Thanks
4	Always stop by for snacks and something cold to drink. Of all places I find cell phone external battery bank (pack), which I have been looking for! Wide variety!
4	On my way home I grabbed a couple drinks from Hudson News.The newspaper stand was clean and the service was quick and friendly. The cashier really made this stop memorable with his smiling personality.Next time I'm in Vegas I'm dropping by for a couple more drinks!
1	Today is 6/14 and it's 6:43am. I wanted to show the exact date and time because that's when I got to start my morning with Veronica. She had the personality of a mop. I said good morning to her and she said nothing back. There are two registers and she was standing near the one closest to magazines. I stood there waiting to pay then she walks over to the other register, says nothing to me. Ok, so I walk to the other register. She made no eye contact with me, said barely two words at the register. My credit card specifically says on the back to check ID and she didn't. I'm never using this place to buy anything ever again.
3	I stopped by this Hudson News at the McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas before flying back home.  We had to get some Gatorade since the hubby had a major hangover from the night before.Nothing real special, just a really small concession store in an airport with overly priced goods.  Their selection of drinks and snacks were pretty minimal.  As early as it was that morning though our cashier Gloria was pretty cheerful.
