3	While I'm not the biggest fan of the food; I am the biggest fan of the Cranberry Limeade during happy hour and the hot fudge sundae that you have to request off-the-menu. Also - they earned extra points when my niece and I took our rabbit through the drive -thru and the girls gave us a little cup of lettuce as a treat for the bunny. How sweet is that?! Move over dog treats!
3	i have a weakness: slushies and icees. sonic always satisfies that craving. happy hour is between 2-4pm and drinks are 1/2 off:)  their burgers and tater tots are pretty good and they offer a full menu all day, which comes in handy when i need a cheeseburger at 8 am after work!
3	This is the Sonic closest to my home so this is the location I'm at most frequently. Personally, I love Sonic. Great selection of sodas and other drinks (definitely try a strawberry limeade!). Full menu is served all day. Their burgers are simple but delicious. I've been pleasantly surprised by their breakfast choices.  My favorite thing to order here, by far, is the chicken club toaster. I ask for it with honey mustard instead of mayo and they are always happy to comply!The fries are so-so, they never seem salty or crunchy enough for my taste. I do like the tater tots, and their onion rings are delish!  I'm also a fan of their mozzarella sticks with marinara.The drive-thru can get slow, but parking in a stall isn't that big of a deal. Sometimes, at peak times, it's faster to park in a stall than attempt the drive-thru!
2	We stopped here to pick up gift cards for teacher thank you gifts. After 20 minutes (and us calling back) they came out to tell us they were out of gift cards. I'm not sure why it took them 20 minutes to figure that out.I've also had experiances of broken stalls, and messed up orders at this location.We are HUGE Sonic fans, especially to head up for happy hour right after I pick my girls up from school, but we now go out of our way to skip this location.
2	It took 34 minutes from the time we ordered to the time we received 5 small shakes.  And when the girl arrived at the car, she didn't know which shake was which.
4	I'm addicted to diet cherry limeades.  I haven't tried the food but I can highly recommend their tasty beverages.
1	This is, by far, the slowest and most incompetently staffed Sonic I have visited. On my last three trips, I waited 15+ minutes for a small, simple order. I also noticed the car hops routinely take food to the wrong cars, then going back inside (for a long time) to figure it out.  When I finally received the orders, they were incredibly stingy with the quantity of the side orders and the quality was not up to standards of other Sonics.  I will avoid this location from now on.
1	I work at sonic. one of the worst environments ever. I recently hurt myself on the job and they did not let me go home they didn't even have a band ad or something that i could clean the cut off with. Later that day I got blamed for something that i didn't do. I got screamed at. I was working on something as my manager said "Why am I paying you when I can pay a monkey to be doing the same work" DISRESPECTFUL. I am one of the most hardest workers in that store. I have worked there for almost a year and I still get treated like I am five years old. I get screamed at all day by my mangers for nothing and I don't get to get off the time i am scheduled. I get called in when "busy" but when i show up I don't even have to be there. I hate this job and I don't think anyone should have to go through this. I HATE THIS JOB.
3	Trying the spicy popcorn chicken for the first time, flavor is ok. Somewhat dry. Love their soda slushies.friendly service, a little bit of a wait but the car hop wad very friendly and cheerful.  We like sonic and this location is convenient.
1	I love Sonic.  I grew up eating frito pies and cherry limeades.  Now, I'm addicted to the Java Chillers.  BUT my enjoyment of Sonic has taken a huge hit lately.  The reason is the slow, unprofessional, unfriendly service that seems to be the norm at this location.  This Sonic is very close to my house, so I have tried multiple times to give them the benefit of doubt - maybe they are understaffed and that's why it takes so long to get orders out? (No, there are always kids running every which way when I get to the window)  Maybe the person was having a bad day? (No, I have yet, after probably 20 visits, to receive a "Thank you" from ANYONE)  This place is just managed terribly.  It's too bad that this one store can ruin such a great experience for so many people.  Get it together, Williams Field!!!
2	I mostly come to Sonic for the slushies.  My kids love them especially in the summer and they're half off from 2pm to 4pm. However this Sonic managed to get my two drink order wrong.  I had to repeat my order more than 3 times and when I got to the window she had to confirm it yet again.  It was a blue raspberry with nerds (for my 6 year old) and a blue coconut for myself. After I received my order and drove away from the window I took a sip and realized she put nerds in mine as well.  It totally ruined the whole thing.  It was frustrating cause I couldn't go back and fix it because I had somewhere to be.  Wish there was one closer to my home cause I really don't want to go back to this one.
