3	This was merely an average quality massage for too much money.  $70 for a 25 minute back-only massage.  We got the Aroma massage that focused just on our back...mainly because it was one of the least expensive.  The massage itself was okay.  I've had massages before from a massage therapist friend of mine and also from students at the massage school she went to (they have clinics open to the public).  So I was familiar with the concept, but this was the first massage I've ever had where I removed any clothing.  I was topless, but since the massage focused on the back I was lying face down the entire time.His pressure started off okay but got too hard, so I let him know.  He softened up, but by the end was back to being just on the good side of the too hard line.  So instead of fully relaxing me, I ended up stiff and with a bruised area on my back for the next few days.After the massage he left so I could get my shirt back on and then escorted me out to the front area when I was ready to go.  Where he and the front counter staff proceeded to "recommend" (read: sell) me some products that I might like based on the aroma goo I'd selected for the massage.  It was kind of a hard sell and an uncomfortable position to be in.I left a decent tip, but after my friend and I walked away and compared notes about what her therapist had done that mine had not, I wished I could go back and leave about 50% less.  So overall it was decent but for way too much money for too short of a time.  I wouldn't go back, but I would go back to the Aqua Massage kiosk just outside the spa which I think is also run by Roni Josef.  Now THAT was worth the money and relaxing!
5	If you ever considered getting a brazilian wax for the first time, this is the place to go (the one in Henderson). The woman who does it is great and came well recommended (Mirelle). She is fast and professional. She makes this uncomfortable waxing go so fast, you will want to come back again when you are ready. It was awesome and I cannot wait to get it done again. Also, pricing is well in range of what you should pay for quality (60$)
3	I should probably go with two stars because of the service my friend received, but I'm giving it three because my service was okay. While staying at the Stratosphere my girlfriend's and I decided to have a spa day and as this is the in-house salon, we figured we'd give it a shot. The goods: The front desk staff and the cosmetician that gave me my wrap were super friendly and welcoming. The salon itself is bright and cheery and the showers were well kept. The not-goods: They were almost 30 minutes late getting me in for my wrap. The showering instructions for after the wrap were less than stellar. My friend was rushed thru her wrap (which was exactly the same as mine) and didn't get the included massage because according to her lady they were backed up for the shower. Also, both of my companions dealt some woman that did their manicures that they found rude and abrasive. Overall, it was so-so, but for the amount of money spent I could have gone to a much nicer salon where everyone is treated the same.
4	My boyfriend bought me a Groupon for this salon on our trip to Vegas.  I used it on my first full day of the trip... should've saved it for the last day after all the walking we did! The groupon was good for 50 minute hollistic massage.  The thearpist was male and very good.  He was very good at communicating with me as he massaged me.  The bad thing was that 50 minutes was not long enough for a full body!  It was a nice salon/spa located in the stratosphere. The hair stylist complimented me on my hair and said he would love to cut it for me... but I didn't have time for a hair appt.
2	I've experienced way better. I do not recommend this spa for a massage, at least by the person that did mine.I stayed at the Stratosphere April15th 2011 and ordered a 75 minute massage that cost $175. I was so used to paying $85 for a 90 min massage in Texas. But this is Las Vegas, I understand. OK.I was very clear up front that I wanted it to be a deep tissue theraputic massage. I've had many in my life and I didnt want a bad one at $175 for 75 min.They asked if I preferred a male or female. I told them it didnt really matter as long as they were good at digging deep in tissue. I was not wanting a disappointment. Well, thats exactly what I got.They set me up with a small 120 Lb.  male,  and he seemed very knowledgeable about massages and I thought I had gotten lucky. NOT.Although a friendly nice guy, his touch was hardly deep at all. What I got was a swedish rubdown.I was disappointed and upset.The next day  I called the Spa's manager  and expressed my disappointment. I gave him an ultamatum. Either refund me at least "half" of my money back, or I would take to the web and write about my disappointment on several review sites. He wanted me to come back in and get another massage as a 'make do'. No, I did not have any more time to waste on this  spa. I told him I am not a vindictive person or anything, but I think its imporant for me to publicize my expereince, and that asking for half of my money back to silence me was not  a bad alternative in my view.  I told him that if he changed his mind, he could call my room. The phone never rang.So, eat your heart out.
1	I am reviewing the salon on their formal  hair and makeup services. I made the mistake of using them on my wedding day as I was getting married in the Stratosphere. Boy did I make a huge and EXPENSIVE mistake!This place is SHADY on their pricing!! Be very careful!!I received a very nice massage which I would give a different review for.  After I was supposed to get my hair done. The masseuse advised me that I did not have to wash my hair if I did not want to, since dirty hair styles better. And she gave me the heads up that they charge an extra $55 for just the wash!!!Then she came back in to the room and let me know that the hair stylist wanted her to make sure she got extra massage oil in my hair forcing me to have to wash it so he could charge me the $55!!  How shady is that??So, I did opt to wash my hair and was going to deal with the charge...it was my wedding day and people had smoked around me the night before.  Then the stylist (who stunk of cigarette smoke himself) charged me for long hair...when I clearly have mid-length hair. I'm not asking for an up-do.  Just some curls with a hair pin on one side.  Not a complicated hairstyle. So now I'm being charged $225 for this. Again...I deal, bc it's a couple hours before my wedding and I don't want to argue.He puts the curlers in, takes them out, brushes my hair, pins up the one side with my barrettes, sprays it and it's done!  All this for $225!!  The curls were gone and my hair was flat 45 minutes after I left the salon!!  And he didn't even give me a nice blow-out so when my curls flopped I was left with unfinished hair.My friend had to come with a curling iron and fix it...and her curls lasted the entire day!Now the makeup...if you want to look like a cheap and trashy stripper then this is the place to get your makeup done...otherwise stay away. The cosmetologist was quoting for services $10 over what the menu stated. She barely looked at the picture that I brought in and did not try at all to copy the style.  I'm a red head and she used black powder on my eyebrows!!  And they weren't even!!  My fiance saw me as I rushed into our hotel room with tears in my eyes in horror of my appearance...and he would be the type to reassure me if I was just being critical.  He looked at me and shook his head, and said "Oh My God, what did she do to your face!"The same friend who saved my hair with the curling iron ended up redoing my makeup. I barely made it to the chapel in time and I was so upset the whole day.I think  they hear "Wedding" and use it as an opportunity to gauge you.  And the level of their ability doesn't match what you are paying for.
1	After getting my hair colored at this establishment my hair was ruined, literally. The color was horrible, my hair is so dead it's literally breaking all over, my ends look drier than the Mohave, and I can't do anything to fix it till I get numerous conditioning treatments to repair it, as well as a major cut. I would not recommend letting anyone here touch your hair!!
5	I went in August 2011 for a 60 minute Swedish Massage, and it was A-FRICKIN-MAZING!!!!!  I would swear, but I don't want to offend anyone.  Nycole was simple amazing, she made me drool.  Her pressure points were spot on and she was able to make  the most of the time.  I actually forgot where I was a couple times.  I was relaxed and rejuvenated and I felt like a different person when I left.  I will go back the next time I visit.  Worth every penny spent.
4	I LOVE the staff here. It's definitely a small, no-frills spa but I came up in the middle of the afternoon with a backpack before my flight with three hours to kill and they had no problem giving me excellent recommendations. I went with the recommendation of a 60 minute swedish massage (or maybe longer, I'm not sure it was about a week ago). The masseuse was very professional and, since I had not had a swedish massage in a few years, explained the process to me before and during so that I knew exactly what he was doing. He also gave me a sample size container of the lotion he used to take home with me. Unfortunately his room was very small (as all the rooms in there are) and while he did make it as relaxing as possible it still felt cramped to me.I also had a facial here, I had never had a facial before so I can't say much from experience on how it was but the woman who did it was very nice. She had to do a lot of extractions due to blackheads from having dry skin. She asked me after if I had any questions or wanted to ask about anything and I explained I lived in an area with hard water that dries skin out very easily in a desert environment and asked if she had recommendations for a nice skin product to help me take care of my skin better. She recommended the absolute best face cleanser I have ever used and the absolute best hair serum I have ever had and trust me, I have used a lot. Despite having large industrial bottles of everything they recommended the smallest, most affordable versions and at no point tried to sell me anything. They put no pressure on me and were incredibly nice throughout the entire time.I also had my eyebrows done a few days before the massage/facial and the woman who did them was wonderful, quick and they looked fantastic.I definitely recommend this spa to people who need quick services, who have time to kill in the stratosphere, for people who don't like the big obnoxious spas and for people who are intimidated about going to a larger spa. This is a great place to start or learn what you like/don't like in a spa but with all the much larger spas in Vegas I definitely recommend spending a day in one of the bigger ones if you're looking for the "spa day" experience.
1	This is a tough review to write. I read one that said : "Roni Josef, lesson learned, EFF You" that must have gotten taken down because the EFF YOU was more vulgar than that! The concierge recommended their spa at the Stratosphere, he should not do that!The reason this is tough, is that I got a Brazilian, at least I was supposed to get a Brazilian. So without giving details, I will just say that Patty,  did the opposite of what I asked, and didn't even do a good job. I had to "fix" it,  and will go elsewhere next time. She was nice enough, but when you pay 85 dollars for a service, you want it to be done, not lopsided, uneven and with hair where you didn't want it still there....Never Again!!!!Avoid this place!Next time I am going to the Bellagio or LVH
2	I'm giving this salon 2 stars ONLY because I was actually prett happy with my hairstyle.  I was NOT happy, however, to be told over the phone that an updo was $50, and be charged $150 when it was done.  Who the heck charges $150 for 15 minutes of using a curling iron and some "sparkle spray"?!?  After my hair was done, I had a make-up appointment with someone who didn't even apply her own well (i should have walked at that point, but it was 2 hours before my wedding).  I didn't even let her finish because she was doing such a bad job (foundation on only part of my face, unblended, streaky eye-shadow that fell onto my cheeks as she was applying it and she just dabbed foundation over dark brown shadow making me look like I had black eyes).  I left almost in tears and the only other thing positive I can about this salon was that the gal up front recognized how bad I looked and how upset I was and did not charge me for the make-up (as i said, I never let her finish anyway as I was running out of time and knew I had to wash it off and do it myself).  I ended up paying almost $180 with tip for an updo and glittery hairspray.  Wish I had come here first and read the reviews.  This salon and the Cris Angel show are the biggest rip-offs in Vegas.
2	I went there the day of my wedding for the Special Occasion package. I had a manicure, pedicure, my hair done up and makeup done. The manicur and pedicure were lousy and she tore up my cuticles. The saving graces were my hair and make up which were exactly what I wanted.
5	I just got done riding the rides at the top of the stratosphere and was needing to relax for a bit. i got the best massage therapist named Silvia. She was attentive and did a fantastic job! I was told never to get a massage while on vacation but I definitely made no mistake here!!
