4	Tres bien just doesn't cut it. So I found this place in the Canadian newspaper while visiting Montreal for Jazz Fest. The review sounded good, so being that we were unfamiliar with much of the city, my friends and I went for it. And boy were we glad. I think I remember chowing down on Le Burger Beaubien (house burger) and a nice Carlsberg pour moi boisson over some thunder and heavy rains. This thing was huge and juicy. Lettuce, bacon, gherkins, cheddar, tomato and mayo. Had to slice mine in half to not choke. The service was memorable if only for the fact that the French Canadian waitress was very patient with a host of Americans fluent in Frenglish. That was appreciated. She brought menus in French and English. Cute space, but not at all huge. So don't even think about rolling in there with more than 5 deep. You'll be disappointed. You just gotta try this place. C'est magnifique!
5	I love small quaint restaurants full of charm, and La Boulette is the epitome of just that. It's just too cute! Not only that, but the burgers are fantastic! Lots of options, visually stunning, fancy, tasty, everything you can think of! The place is rather small, but I tend to like that kind of thing. The decor is engaging. The service was great. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Check it out!
4	La Boulette's version of a "hot chicken sandwich", made with duck (obviously). It intrigued me when I saw it on the menu and the waitress' description only solidified my decision to order it. Braised duck covered in a sauce made with the porcini braising liquid, fries, coleslaw and lastly, awkward peas for formality.The duck was tender, the sauce sweet and the portion very very generous as it sat on a toasted brioche bun. Just the braised duck in the bun drenched in sauce was almost a meal in itself. I would have liked to bitten into bigger chunks of duck, but having been braised for so long, the break down of the meat is understandable. Besides, this way, they don't really know how much they're actually giving you... Shhhhh.
4	I was excited to try this place! Small, quaint restaurant that is very attracting to visit, especially during summer when they open the front window-door - always smells heavenly. Choices of burgers are outstanding. I love the concept that you see how much every dished is priced with every type of side order (fries, sweet potato fries, salad, both, etc). Everytime I went, the burgers were succulent. My sister, however, had the chicken cesar salad ,and even I was disappointed in it. The chicken was succulent, but the salad and dressing weren't top-notch. I'm not a fan of the fries, it may be the oil. I also didn't enjoy the chipotle mayonnaise. On the other hand, I tried the house salad another time and that was great.Overall, will be going back for sure. It's a cute place that is a great place to bring guests and company.
4	Reasonably price burger joint in Rosemont-La Petite-Patrie. Their bleu-ermite burger might be the best burger they have. If you just want to stop in for a drink, you have to order something to nibble on and I would suggest their calamari, which are nicely fried and have a nice tang to them.
