2	I did not enjoy my shopping experience at this Office Depot.  I had some specific shipping supplies that I was looking for, and the employees seemed extremely unenthusiastic to help me find them.  After wandering around for a long time unsuccessfully looking for my items, I put what I had found back on the shelf and drove to Staples, where I found the same items for half the price and much friendlier service to boot.
3	Another office supplies store... What to say because frankly, they are all the same. I hate to say that but they pretty much are. Similar layout, similar products, similar prices. As a matter of fact some products are identical to the others but with different branding but I think the same Chinese factory makes the same product for all the companies. I digress... This particular location is seated well between West Towne Wall but closer the West Gate Mall. They have the standard thingamabobs and doodads for all your office needs at, in my opinion, probably the cheapest in the city. They actually have a little bigger selection than their competitors but I think that is based on sheer age of the company. Office Depot has been around since I can remember and was ALWAYS the first stop for school supplies.So, the company has been around forever and they have the cheapest prices in town you say? So Colin, why only 3 stars then?! WELL ILL TELL YA... (dramatic effect) I give a three star rating for essentially one reason. Lack Of Change. This Office Depot hasn't changed since I was a wee-little-lad back in first grade. I just don't understand how a company expects to move forward if they are not willing to Market themselves. I have not seen any advertisements or bilboards for Office Depot in a very long time and can't imagine they're doing very well. I know that it might seem that that would reflect more on the company as a whole than a particular store but why isn't that store pushing harder to market themselves?As most of my friends and readers on Yelp will realize about me that I enjoy the future very much and where we are going. Not particularly where we have been. In some situation its good to remain where you are and that's the spirit and charm of some places. Not however, for a company that sells technology products and business related items.The store itself? Clean, organized, staff is excellent, but a little crowded entry way.
5	After reading the other reviews, I was quite shocked!  I have had nothing but great experiences from this location and always leave satisfied!John helped me get my tablet and was fantastic!  I wish now I would have asked some questions about memory cards before buying online (Ebay) cause my 64g did not work.  My fault completely because I had not done enough research.  Which brings me to today.After doing some quick shopping around for 32g micros, Office Depot had the best deals.  While looking around, I had stopped into Walgreen's and a young man helped me price out their cards which are horrible prices.  I told him what I was looking for and told him that shortly I would have 2 64g cards if he wanted to buy them because he wanted more room on his phone.I went back to Office Depot and Waii greeted me.  (It was by chance that it was her since she was the lady that said goodbye to me on my way out the first time I was there.)  I told her I was trying to beat the clock and asked her about the return policy just in case the 32g didn't work.  No hassle return!  Gotta love that.  She quickly and efficiently helped me in and out.  Thank you Waii!!!!  =)Just a side note - I was able to get home and get the cards into my phone and tablet and make it back to Walgreen's, but unfortunately the young man couldn't use the 64g cards.  But he didn't have to wait long to find out because I was in and out and well taken care of!!Thank you again Waii!!
4	Better quality than than Office Max, Target, or Walmart. Low prices. I was looking for a stapler made out of REAL metal and not a cheap piece of plastic that will break and go to the landfill in a year. Unlike Office Max, they had what I was looking for at a decent price. School supplies were on sale and good quality, so I added those to my basket. I asked if there was a place in Madison where I could donate or recycle used packing peanuts (I hate sending styrofoam to the landfill). They weren't aware of any, but told me to bring them to the store and they would re-use them for something. I was surprised and pleased that they wanted to help me and the environment! Overall, a good experience.
5	Outstanding customer service every time I shop at this Office Depot.  Been shopping here for over ten years. 5 stars every time. They really care about their customers and show it every day and they honor their warranties on items you purchase. My wife had a very expensive chair that broke while still under warranty and the staff were very helpful finding her a replacement the same day. When we were shopping for printers, staff there recommended one we're still using and happy with. Same goes for PC's and laptops. I'm sorry I don't know everyone's names, but they are all outstanding. One store employee whose name I do know is Waii. She has helped me with many projects from making thousands of copies to creating huge display boards  for our neighborhood watch effort. Her knowledge and eye for detail along with her professional and positive attitude really stands out and it is a reflection on all the employees at this location. The team spirit among fellow employees there also stands out as being special. When you have a team that works well together, who know their stuff and who want to make your shopping experience the best it can be, you have a winning combination for everyone. I highly recommend this store.Steve
