4	The Pleasance is one of the University of Edinburgh's most used buildings, and the bar in the downstairs area is well worth mentioning.Typically a student haunt, it provides all that you would expect from a bar of this type.  It also provides food, and shows a variety of sport on its TV screens.  Seating is in comfortable booths, with padded seating and small dividing walls that segregate the bar area, so that it can be full of people without feeling that way.Drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is typically student in style.  Fajitas, nachos and burgers dominate the menu, and having tried most  of them, I can confirm that they are very tasty, and worth their cheap prices.I have typically been here on a quieter weekday evening during term time, during which the atmosphere is relaxed.  However, as with most bars, when there is a big sporting occasion, a show in the Pleasance theatre, or just during Freshers' Week, the bar will be a lot busier.Give the Pleasance Bar a go if you want some cheap student grub, or a relaxed drink with friends.
3	This is one of the student union bars I haven't visited that often, probably because it's so out of the way! The other two, Teviot and Potterow, are literally in the main university area and a mere minutes walk from each other.However, it may be worth the walk over there as their food is quite good, and QUITE cheap! Previously, I'd only had drinks there for a night at the Pleasance Theatre. However, a group of friends and I decided to have a well deserved after exam lunch there, and we had some great fajitas, nachos and burgers!The bar itself is quite cosy, but is definitely upstaged by it's Teviot counterpart.
4	Pleasance is great for those looking for a student bar that is perhaps a little more simplistic and relaxed compared to those found in Teviot Row House. The drinks prices are the same as those found in the other two Edinburgh University Students Association bars but the main thing that makes Pleasance stand out is the food. This is the place to get curly fries cheap, and for some reason unknown to me the burgers here are a lot better than those served in Teviot.  Pleasance is very well suited for larger groups, as it has many large round tables with block seating that can be squeezed into. There is also a fair bit of outdoor seating available for the warmer times of year. This bar is popular with the sports fans as it has sufficiently big screens showing various football and rugby games yet offers a much warmer, cleaner atmosphere than the Sports Bar in Teviot.  The only real downside to this bar is that it is just too small during busy times and a lot of people will be left standing. However, when it is quieter, it's fantastic.
