2	Not sure if it's because it's a brand new staff or what. But it took far too long to get the food. Tried wings and they are ok but not great. Nachos we're soggy and not thrilling. Beer was good but honestly not cold enough. Back to the staff issue. The waitress brought togo boxes and just took off. Kind of like all the other times she brought something.  After the togo boxes we waited 14 minutes for the check.  I was told the Val Vista location is awesome so I tried this one. Not impressed at all. I doubt I'll come back.
1	Absolutely the worst service i have seen.  I would rate a 0 if possible. Walked in and a girl was writing on the sign up front she was the only one that said hello.  My wife and daughter proceeded in and no one greeted us asked us if we needed a child seat or even a menu for that matter. I went and got the child seat myself as i passed the 4 girls up front collecting it no one said a word. We then proceeded to sit there for over 5 minutes while at least 6 different employees passed our table none of which offered to help us.  I wish i could rate the food but if the service is that poor im sure the food is equally bad. I am happy that this will definitely help out the sushi place next door as thats where my family and i elected to go due to the horrendous lack of service we recieved, as im sure many others will do as well. Another note upon leaving the same girl was outside and said for us to have a good evening to which i responded your service is horrendous and she said nothing. Epic fail on customer service.
1	Holy horrible. Just keep on walking past and eat at the dry cleaners. It'll be more appetizing. It all started when we sat down and the soda was lacking carbonation. We were going to order pizza and wings but were told the oven doesn't work and that pizza wasn't an option. So we figured we would just order their specialty, chicken wings!  Ummmm that's your specialty?? They weren't very good at all.  It even says on the menu that they're pro steroids in the chicken. That's how they're "big". I didn't think they were any bigger than anywhere else and it was a little unappetizing bragging that they buy steroid injected chicken. The service was definitely rough around the edges. The waitress slammed the refill drink down with a thud as she ran past. I guess I did get a refill. That must count for something.  Definitely won't see the inside of this place again.
5	Some of the negative reviews must have been because they were working out the kinks.  Because I just visited Cogburns and had a great time!  The drinks were cold, the food was great (I had the wings) and they came out quick.  The wait staff was very attentive and I never had to wait for a drink order.  By the way, the women that work here are very attractive,  think Tilted Kilt.  They had all the games on and there were televisions wherever you looked, not a bad seat in the house.I can't wait to go back for football!  If you're in the area,  do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	Came here last night with a bunch of my girlfriends and had a blast!  It's a sports bar that is a ton of fun.  The servers and bartenders are a lot of fun, and we get to know the owner as well.  The owner came put to check on us regularly and is super cool.  The food was amazing too.  The chili is the best I have ever eaten. The drink pours were very generous and the bill didn't kill us at the end of the night (that's always a relief and will keep us coming back).Give cogburns a try, you'll have fun!
5	This place is easily the best place for wings and sports in the area!  TVs all over the place are huge for anyone playing fantasy football.  I sat here all day on a Saturday for college football and it was such a great place to watch games I came back the following Sunday for pro games.  Wait staff is great and very helpful even if something goes a little wrong.  Quick to fix anything.UFC fight was free too!  Where else you find that in the East Valley these days?They treat me great everytime, definitely recommend Cogburns.
5	Great wings.  Great atmosphere. Lots of tv's for games and tons of seating. Will be back to watch the Broncos games!
1	The wings are terrible! They did not have very good flavor. They were giant and didn't seem to have enough sauce. It was hard to even try to get the chicken off the bone. Not that we really wanted to since the taste was so bad but we had already purchased them so felt obligated to eat them. I do not suggest this restaurant to anybody.
5	What a terrific place :)  I went in with another person for a "working lunch" this afternoon.  The service was great, the food was terrific (the bbq roast beef sliders were outstanding), and my ice tea glass was full.  We stuck around for a couple of hours and the waitress was nothing less than friendly and helpful.  Then there's all the TVs!  I can't wait to come back with the hubby to watch football, try some more of the food and drink a few beers.  It was a bit empty - I hope that everyone in the area gives it a try for themselves so it can have a chance to survive.  The proximity to the ASU Polytechnic campus is huge - not much like it that close to campus.  Seems like a no-brainer for the college kids.
2	My wife and I visited this place a few weeks ago, not sure if they had been open very long.  I am guessing by the quality of service, they were still breaking in. Ordered wings, salads and a few draft beers.  My wife's beer was flat, and it took 15 minutes to swap kegs for my beer.  Menu price was different then what the wait staff told us.  I guess there was a mis print on the menu and they explained it would be more expensive then what the menu stated. (I'm guessing they could have had it corrected, reprinted, redacted, ) and just honored the price. (Am I to critical?) We were seated in the very lower level with very little air circulation.  The wing sauce was not what I was used to, it was ok but not that red thick wing sauce.  Wings were big and juicy. We plan to revisit once the kinks are worked out.
4	Food and atmosphere gets a four and I will def be coming back for their PILED HIGH nachos and they weren't kidding with their HUGE "big wings" delish! I give service a 5 star to my waitress (which I am so sad I can't remember her name) with blonde hair and a flannel around her waist for being so attentive to my boyfriend and was super polite, not to mention I always had a cold brew in front of me! If your reading this blondie you rock!!!! Thank you!
2	Went in today because it was a recommendation from one of my wife's coworkers to go try this place. I love wings one of my most favorite things to eat which is what this places is supposedly famous for. The wings weren't as big as the menu claims even though they did have a lot of meat on them. The ranch and sauce covering the wings were very thin and runny as well as I when I asked for the hottest ones they had they compared to a medium sauce anywhere else I've been. I did enjoy the friendly service which never let my cup get half empty and the batter dipped onion rings which are another one of my favorite things to snack on. I would recommend the onion rings and the service but not much else about the place.
4	Saturday specials include $2.25 domestic bottles and $3 pizza slices. Pizza slice is pretty big, not bad for 3 bucks. Place is clean with a ton of TVs. Turkado sandwich was good. Onion rings are wonderful!
2	Decided to check this place out when we had a few hours without the kid.  I've had their wings before at a wing festival and really enjoyed them.  However, this experience started out poorly as we waited almost 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our drink order. When we finally were able to put our food order in I ordered a burger, the wife ordered a chicken sandwich and we also ordered some wings to share.  Apparently there were other people working there besides the bartender because a runner brought the food.  She said she would bring us silverware and brought 1 set.  Even though my wife had a sandwich and might not have needed a fork a napkin for her would have been nice since we were sharing wings.  Additionally, the wings did not come with ranch like the menu says they do so I had to ask for that and the girl's reaction almost read to me like "darn they realized there wasn't ranch with the wings".  As for the quality of the food, the wings were dry and tough.  Not how I remembered them.  The burger was solid.  My wife really liked the chicken sandwich and said it was juicy and tender.  Overall the food was average to slightly above average but the service left a lost to be desired.  Most irritating was while waiting to find someone to ask for our check I saw no less than 5 other girls walking back and forth through the bar and, even worse, witnessed the manager carry on conversations with people at the bar for 10+ minutes.  On our way out there were at least 5 employees standing around a register doing nothing.  That would explain why there was no one else around besides the bartender.  I felt bad for the bartender.  I don't know if someone called out, if they were short staffed, or they just didn't put enough people on the schedule but whatever it was the service was a giant turnoff.
5	I like this place allot, great view of the screens for sports and if the bar is full just go to the upper deck seating and you are still part of the fun. Real reasonable prices and the staff is great. This is the power and Ray location and we NEEDED a bar like this in this area. They also have a great family section that is split away from the main bar so you can bring your family. The waitresses are all cute, fit and wear their traditional daisy dukes shorts but not too overboard so it is still kid friendly and classy. Not like a hooters. Have fun I enjoy this place, hope it helps.
1	I was so excited to go to this place especially for their 40 cent wing night. What a let down!
1	We keep going and trying this locations and service is horrible the food is pretty good but it takes 45 minutes to get a drink and longer to get food management does nothing to correct the problem hope u have better luck then we have
2	Dive bar.. Enough said.. dirty and lacking direction, seems like just a place to get drunk and scream at the games on TV... Boring, wont be back.. slso, what is the strange smell in this place?
1	I really wanted to like this place but was very disappointed. I took my family (5 total) on a Sunday midday. We were seated upstairs (they were not that busy) and aside from the fact that our drinks were usually full that's where the good service ended. Food was not well staged, appetizers came out the same time as some entrees and then the remaining items trickled in. Asked for extra BBQ sauce for the dry sliders; we were told it was .50 and then it never came. The server came back to other parties several times before getting back to us. Everything was slow. We won't be back.
1	My girlfriend, the kids and I went here for lunch today.  The food wasn't anything significant to write home about, but wasn't bad, however not worth the prices they charge.Where this location really has its problem is with its service.  The only thing they were really attentive on was refilling our drinks (2 sodas and 3 waters).  All of our food came out sporadically and at the same time.  We ordered both appetizers and lunches.  The food basically came to the table in one rush rather than the appetizers coming out first and then the meals as is commonplace in most restaurants.  They also charge for every little thing.  Want a side of BBQ sauce because the sliders are too dry, an extra ranch, etc. And you're looking at 50 cents a pop.Going forward, I won't be coming back to this location.  I can get better service and prices for much better food at Flipside, Native Wings and things, The Reef, Zipps and other places in the area.
3	The place is set up very well for having drinks and watching games. It is definitely one of the more unique layouts for a bar in all of the greater Phoenix area. There is an upstairs and "basement" area which can really make the spot very spacious. The servers are very attentive, attractive, and friendly. The only downfall of the place is their lack of efficiency when it comes to serving food. Our 3 dishes were all served less than lukewarm; cold plates always deliver a bland taste. It sounds like they are still relatively new so once all the kinks get worked out this place has the potential to become a well-oiled machine. I would try them again with the hopes they understand the need to be exceptional for the Football Sunday crowd.
1	Aaaawful service.  Literally would have had a pack of me monkeys remember more of any thing I ordered.  Yes, it requires silverware to eat a salad.  No, I shouldn't have to ask.  Food is just . . . Meh.  I really wish this place was better, based on location.  They're screwing up a huge opportunity.
1	Arrived at 6:55 on Monday evening and asked to be seated downstairs.  After 10 minutes to be acknowledged came upstairs and asked if we needed to sit elsewhere to be waited on.  After 5 more minutes waitress shows up and says she didn't know this was her table although she seemed to have all the tables downstairs.  Finally ordered.  It was cheeseburger special night but the place wasn't crowded.  Seemed to be more waitresses than customers but also seemed to be too many chiefs and not enough Indians among the wait staff.   We ordered 3 cheeseburgers which you would expect should come out fairly quickly on cheeseburger special night.  Not.  We waited and waited and waited and finally at 7:47 we had had enough and got up and left telling the girl at the check stand that we thought 52 minutes was more than long enough to wait.  She didn't seem too concerned.  This is my second visit and have yet to see anyone who appeared to be a manager.  It is a shame that people spend a lot of money to open a place and then put teenagers working who could care less about the business.
2	Pros: The interior is very well designed, the atmosphere is fun, the food is good, and the staff is friendly. Cons:The service is very slowI go in often on my lunch break and more than once I've waited over 30 minutes for my order to come out. This is in the middle of the afternoon when the place is practically empty and the food still takes forever and a day to arrive. When they are busy, ordering or having a drink refilled can take over 20 minutes;  and we all know that nothing kills a good time faster then waiting an eternity for another drink. The last time I went in here (on a Thursday night) I told the waitress I needed a minute to look over the menu; she left me and never came back. I spent over an hour sipping a beer with a menu in front of me and never even had an opportunity to place my order. In fact, I didn't see my original server again all night as another waitress brought me my check. I see a lot of potential in this place, they are friendly, fun, and IMHO a great place to hang out but they need to get on point with their service or I'm going to find another place to spend my time.
