2	Old navy...I used to work for this company. There are so many positives behind this brand and its sister brands that I have a hard time writing a negative review now. So let me specify that this review applies exclusively to the Desert Ridge location.The store set up is awful. The stock is seemingly always too low for the square-footage. The visuals look as though there was no thought or effort put into them whatsoever; and today, the service I received while shopping with my mother was atrocious.We found some great deals, made our way over to the registers, and stood there, waiting; just waiting for one of the four associates (two of which I'm positive were managers or leads of some sort) to notice and assist us. There were no other customers. I had to loudly announce our presence; and when a teenage girl finally did meander her way over to us, she was rude and inattentive. So sad to see such a great company give such a horrible experience. Next time, we'll take our business to the Scottsdale road location.
3	On the day I shopped here, they were giving away samples of Fruity Pebbles Rice Krispie treats. Seriously.I really hate that the clearance is all shoved back in the corner, like a Fire Sale at Macy's or something. I much prefer it within each department.And no, I don't want to save 10% on my purchase today by getting an Old Navy card that you will charge 23% interest on.
5	I've been shopping at ON for years without a single problem. The clothes are inexpensive and I restock on a pile of tank tops every year. Recently, I had a huge issue with a large amount in a return not being credited to my acct. After 10 days and no credit, I went into the Desert Ridge location to get it handled. It turned out that the credit was processed incorrectly and never communicated to my bank. Kelli was the lucky one who "took my case." She spent some time on the phone and did some complicated data entry (seriously, it took 67 steps to undo the original error) and completely solved the problem. She was patient, professional, smart, and really determined. It was a lot of money and she recovered it for me, and I'm very appreciative.
3	I ordered something online and it had a hole in it, so I decided to return it in store. The employee who helped me was very nice and helped me look for a replacement shirt but no luck. It was quick and easy to return the shirt, so a good experience. The store overall is large, bright, and clean looking. They were having some good sales, but I didn't have time to look around much. Being a Saturday, they weren't too busy, which was nice. If you like Old Navy, this is a decent store. I'd much prefer to shop online, since it's easier to find good deals that way vs searching the racks.
4	As a part of the greater Desert Ridge shopping complex, Old Navy fits right in with the clean and organized store motif.  The staff greeted us and was friendly in offering assistance if we needed it.  As far as comfortable tanks and tees go, Old Navy is pretty up there with good deals and wash and wear ease.  We only walked out with one t-shirt from the men's section, but I cannot wait for fall fashion to really take hold so I can go back for sweater season.  The only con about all Old Navy stores is the constant ask to sign up for their credit card.  This is no fault of the employees since they are required to do it (much like Target stores) - so I take no points from this location for following suit.  Just an overall con that corporate should maybe consider for future.This particular location overall: A
5	Came here to buy some clothes for our son for his school year.  We came over Labor Day and they had a sale of an extra 30% off everything.  We bought him 3 pairs of shorts, a pair of pants, a lunch box, a lunch container, a 10-pack pair of ankle socks, a plastic cup with straw (for home) for about $65.  I always like Old Navy  because they carry not only clothes, but cute knick knacks at the front of the store.  Their clothes are reasonably priced and pretty decent quality.  One thing I love are their $5 July 4th t-shirts.  The fabric gets softer after each wash and makes it soooo comfy to wear!
5	I hadn't been in here in a while but did go with my mom a couple days ago. Last time I went in was about a year ago and the layout was very big and open like they didn't have a lot of merchandise out on the floor. I went in and was very surprised with what I saw. The whole new layout is awesome, it is so cool looking and love it a lot more. The sales are awesome and all of their clothes now are super in and cute. I like how the dressing rooms aren't shoved in the very back corners like how they used to be. I also like how the registers are closer and how they have lots of goodies like snacks, drinks that are refrigerated, and accessories to look at while waiting in line. A+ for Old Navy for finally doing a huge and amazing update!
