3	Located amongst the Venetian Canal shops, it looks just like every other high fashion men and women's clothing store stumbling in this slow economy. The "50% off" sign next to the door barely caught my attention, but it was the passing glimpse of "Jean Paul Gaultier"'s name printed above the racks along the far wall that turned me on my heels and into the door. Dressed in a random Fendi black t-shirt, black velour shorts and fitted Equinox fuzzy jacket, and scuffy white sneakers, the staff originally left me alone. I randomly sorted through the designs, the fabrics, the colors... until I reached a rack of corsets. Then I fell in love. I gently pulled one in jet black and rich dark purple from the racks and laid it against me to get a feeling of if it would fit. The salespeople at that point were quick to descend. Why don't you try it with a proper pair of pants? Oh you'll need a great pair of heels for that, got just the thing... and for the night it would be great with a jacket. My poor wingman who was dragged along for the ride was also caught up in a flurry of fabric, pulled into the sudden human game of "dress-up-doll". All I had to do was stand there and they kept on switching garments on and off me, running to the racks to get more, oohing and aahing over each outfit. They were really knowledgeable about the uniqueness of each and every piece they brought to my attention and the materials and methods used to make them. They cut the price on me for the jacket and I agonized over it, still gazing adoringly at the corset I originally coveted. I looked at the salesguy pointedly, he whispered a number in my ear. I ended up buying both. That and a pair of "stuck-to-my-skin" skinny black jeans. Total damage? Enough to cover my rent for 4 months. *sigh* Important Note: I was surprised to find on google that there were two negative reviews in another site about the really pushy salespeople. Including one about a girl who tried clothes she didn't like and while doing something else, the salespeople convinced the boy that she loved it and him to buy it for her. Even more so was a single guy who posted 6+YouTube videos about having bought a suit, leaving it overnight for alternations, not liking the alterations they did and THEN demanding a full refund. I agree that salespeople are nice but very aggressive compared to what we may be used to in the average department or retail store. But they didn't force me to run my credit card or sign on the dotted line, so I'm realistic in that I have only myself to blame for an entire future of surviving on instant noodles. But I'll do it wearing an amazing corset and Jean Paul Gaultier jacket =P.
5	Great selection of corsets and I believe the shoes are brand new. The dresses are also so pretty that one wouldn't walk into this store knowing that they're not all brand new. They sure look like it to me. Gorgeous dresses, shoes, with individuality at the top of the list.
1	Don't know what is up with the attitude of the employees at this store. Walked in here with my sister while on my Vegas Shopping Spree and was completly ignored with the exception of the sales peoples eyes were watching us like hawks...Like I was going to steel any of the resale shop grade cloths off there racks. We were the only ones in this store for about 5 min and weren't ever asked if we needed any help with anything. When a couple came in after us they were helped right away.  As said in pretty women big mistake... I was more then willing to take my business elsewhere (which I did. Bought stuff at Eltons, D&G and Versace.  If you are going to be snobby at least have some nice cloths on the racks. This place was just trashy.
1	I was there tonight and was IGNORED.  Seriously.  ONE salesperson spoke to me as he was on his way to a back room.  That was it.
1	Stay away from this place.Prices are marked up -- though you can always bargain -- and they are good at selling !The problem arises when you have a problem. I had a justCavalli shirt shrink at a trusted dry cleaner. Lior's response was "we don't know how to contact Cavalli. We just sell this stuff". Really ??Sequins fell off a $1,500 dress. When my wife brought it back, they took a week to sew over them in the wrong colored thread.
5	I adore Lior! I have purchased 3 fabulous pieces and they are the most exciting, memorable pieces in my whole wardrobe. I am thrilled every single time I wear them. Yes they are pricy, but how many times does one have the opportunity to shop there. They are an excellent investment. You will be unforgettable when you wear them. It does take a credible fashionista to be able to wear off their clothes correctly however. They make me feel like a rock star!
1	The owner of the store insisted that I pay in cash and he will not charge me the tax, to save money for me and for him to avoid paying the IRS,I though it was strange, and didn't like that idea, I insisted to pay other wise , but he knocked off the price even more in order to get cash!!!I ended up paying $1,200 in cash for an evening gown that right when I got to the room at the hotel I didn't like it anymore.. I went back to the store the day after and wanted to return it, the same person that sold me the dress, the owner was there, this time he wasn't friendly anymore, acted as if he never saw me before and refused to get the dress back since I did not have a receipt. but He didn't want to issue a receipt since he wanted the cash money in his pocket to avoid paying taxes.I think that a simple Audit to the store will come out with some interesting facts...
