3	We could tell this was a new place as soon as we walked in the door. There were only a few customers and the restaurant was spotless. Overstaffed by about three people and all were very energetic and very welcoming. We ordered our food and sat down to wait. A few minutes later they called our name and we grabbed our food.My Buffalo Chicken Wrap was really good, at least to those of us that like wing sauce and blue cheese dressing. Yum! I also appreciated the fact that they offered a wheat tortilla and I didn't have to ask. My BF got a Chipotle Cheesesteak and said it was pretty good too. The prices were reasonable. This could be a good place if they can keep up the momentum. I will surely be going back to give it another try.
5	Great sub style sandwiches, deli sliced right when ordered.  Good cheesesteaks too.  I like to get giant sizes and make two meals of it.
4	I was driving back to my friends house that I'm dog sitting for, and saw that they opened a Jersey Mikes here.  I've eaten at Jersey Mikes before, just not this location.I really liked this place.  They have great hours, are open late and have a nice variety of subs to choose from.  They come in a few different sizes, and are made to your liking.  The gal that helped me was really friendly and helpful, and was able to carry on a conversation while she placed my order.  I ended up going with the famous mikes, which was turkey, roast beef and all the fixings.  Quite tasty!  I will gladly return!
4	Mike's is set up like your typical sub shop where you can order it the way you  like it with...... a bonus of Cheese Steak Sandwiches, made hot on their flat top right then and there!  I have to say they rate much higher in quality over most of the other shops I've visited and I feel they give you plenty of your meat of choice, no need to double/pay up.Their Giant sub is much bigger than a "foot long" I can get 4 meals out of it personally.I have to say the staff is a cut above the other shops also.  Their friendly and clean cut young adults, way to go Mike!
5	Jersey Mike's when they first opened this location they gave the company I work for a bunch of free sub coupons... I ordered the #56 Big Kahuna Cheese Steak on wheat bread (Grilled onions and peppers plus mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese)...  I have not looked back this is one of the best cheese steaks I have ever had in Arizona it's a must try for cheese steak lovers.
4	For a fast sandwich place this place is absolutely the best!!  Fresh, plentiful toppings (easy on the oil though)! They slice the meat fresh, super friendly service and I love the Mrs Vickies kettle chips too. My only complaint: they sometimes have stale iced tea which is just laziness or lack of a structured opening/closing plan.
4	I obviously love myself a sandwich, there is no denying that.This is probably the place i frequent the most often.  You really cant beat fresh cut meats.I get it Mikes way less the onions (they seem to over power most sandwiches) - lettuce, tomatoes, oil, vinegar, spices then add yellow peppers.  Yum.  Great, now I'm hungry.Bread is a bit crunchy, I usually like a softer bread but I think the oil and vinegar need a bread that can stand up to it.  No biggie.A bit pricey, but worth it.
3	Jersey Mike's didn't make me weak in the knees but it is clean, efficient and friendly.  The menu is a little difficult to read for a first timer, so the zig zag lane where you order your food made me feel a little rushed. I went at lunch time and it was packed.The mini sub is what should really be called a regular.  The regular is quite large and the other size is enough for three people.The club had plenty of meat on it.It was difficult to tell the difference between the white and wheat sub rolls, but they were not bad.The most interesting thing was the cups the drinks come in.  There are several different cups with the stories of various Jersey Mike's that have done fund raising for feel good causes. I want to believe this is true because we all like to think we are patronizing do-gooder companies.It may just be branding, I haven't had a chance to really check it out yet.I would go back, but I want to try something spicier next time.
5	Jersey Mike's is, in my opinion, as good as it gets.  Yes, they have the whole "it all started in 1956 as a family business at the Jersey Shore" thing going for it (you know, before MTV and a half-dozen wannabe D-Listers made anything connected to the Jersey Shore look bad), and they also do a lot for charity; both at the corporate level, and a little closer to home, on the franchise level.  And all that's well and good, but it wouldn't mean anything if the food sucked, right?  No worries there- I've not had a bad sandwich there.The bread is fresh, as are all of the other ingredients, and it's all sliced fresh when you order it.  It's not like Subway, where they put a slice of meat and a slice of cheese on the sandwiches; they pile it on.Cold subs, hot subs, wraps- I've enjoyed all of the sandwiches I've tried- not something I can say about some other sandwich shops I've been to.  If I had to pick a couple of favorites, I'd say the #6 (Roast Beef) and the Chicken Caesar wrap.One nit to pick- I with there were a 3/4 size; sometimes the 'regular' isn't big enough, but the 'giant' is too big.The parking at this particular location can be a bit challenging at times because it's small and a little tight, but the sandwiches are worth it.  And the Starbucks next door usually has marble loaf in their display case!
4	Im not from this area so when I come around Phoenix I always have to stop at a Jersey Mikes since there are very few in So Cal.  I can't wait till they open more where I live cause you can tell the quality is unmatched compared to Subway and Quiznos.
4	I loved 'em when I lived in Jersey and I love 'em here in Arizona!Friendly, capable, conscientious crew at this location, as well as the ASU/Rural Rd. location.Some people will have a problem with their bread but I've always preferred it to any of the other sub places around.LOVE the Big Kahuna Cheesesteak (ask for them to make it with chicken to save on fat/calories) and I love the refillable Breast Cancer Cup, which makes it a bit more affordable. Also, coupons are everywhere nowadays so even though they are a bit pricier than other places, with a coupon it's a bit closer to their prices--yet SO much tastier!
4	These guys make a pretty good sub. It's a lot better than most of the other sub options around, especially the large chains. The service here is always fast and friendly. Their bread is good and meat sliced fresh. Mike's way is the way to go with your toppings...good stuff.
5	Fast, friendly and frank.I work in the same area, walking distant, and I visit at least once or twice a week. Kinda $$ for the size, but still good. I am starting at #1 and going down the list....skipping the 14 because..its all veggie and a complete waste of money for the price it is at. I'll update once I am done. I am in no rush so it will be a while. So far I am at 4 and i cant say I would buy any of those again.R\_ NOte: Lunch is busy with a line of 8 or 10. So be ready for that.
3	I usually go just for the salad bar which I think is totally worth it. I decided to order a sandwich and was completely disappointed because it was soaked and soggie. It was a hot sandwich so it probably sat on the plate for a while before they sent it to our table.
2	Tried this place for the first time tonight. Walked and the lobby was clean. It was close to closing time. They only had one more peice of bread to make a sandwich or the option of a wrap. Chose the bread which wasn't bad but nothing to smile about. They didn't have anything covering their counters so it really didn't seem sanitary or care about any cross contamination. The only toppings they have are very basic with lettuce, tomato, onions, and oil and vinegar which the server dowsed the sub in it was ridiculous. Prob won't be going back. I'll make the drive to silver mine subs on kyrene.
4	EXCELLENT sandwiches and super friendly people.  All freshly carved meats.  Loved the oil and vinegar dressing on the sandwich.  Excellent value for the money compared to Quiznos or places like that and way better quality.  Would definitely go back again for lunch.
5	I am not a big sub sandwich eater.  I've tried many of them - Subway, Quizno's, Jason's Deli, Eegee's......etc.   Besides Eegee's (which is really good), I just thought they were all decent sandwiches - some better than others.  But I have had Jersey Mike's a handful of times now, and their sandwiches are much better than the others.  Just get it "Mike's Way" and enjoy the tasty food you receive.But just as importantly, the customer service I have received at this store has been impeccable.  The people are always very friendly and patient and that makes a huge difference to me.  I must say that their sandwiches are a little pricier than others.  I get their "Giant" size (ok - so I'm a big eater....) at it runs about 12 bucks...yikes!   But as delicious as it is, it's worth it.Try it - you won't be sorry...
4	Fresh sliced meat, and sandwiches made to order.This place may not have all the bells and whistles of some of the big chain sandwich places, but for the money, the quality can't be beat.
5	Hands down my favorite sub place...their italian sub reminds me how they make it back home (Chicago). Simple, clean ingredients , fresh meat an cheeses and great bread. If you're complaining about wanting less oil/vinegar then speak up. I actually ask for extra. Same goes for wanting less/more of other toppings. Staff is fast and friendly and I will always choose this place before any other of given the choice.
4	This is a really good place to get a tasty, fresh sub. They have much better bread, in my opinion, that other sandwich chains. The staff is on the ball and friendly, and the facility is clean. If I must get "fast food", I'd rather get it somewhere clean...To really get the Jersey Mike's experience, ask for your sub "Mike's Way". They will ask even if you don't. They basically douse it in oil and vinegar and then put some seasoning on top.. I think it's oregano, salt, and pepper. It makes for a great sub, and it's not as messy as you might think.The location, right next to Starbucks, is also a great place to chill for a while and enjoy some free wifi.
2	This was my first time here and I have to say I was unimpressed. That is just my opinion. I am sure most will call me crazy and it is not that I didn't like the sandwich I just thought it was ok. I have had better.Now to clarify I am not a fan of the major sub chain. I don't go their Way at all. I am the Duke at my favorite sub shop. Now some people may not like that place and that is fine. That's what makes the world go around. If we all had the exact same opinion on everything life would be boring. But so far everyone I have taken there likes it. Even one person who had been to Jersey Mike's before liked it more.I got the Original Italian on white bread regular size. I thought the bread was dry. The whole sandwich was dry to me but I like extra condiments on my sandwich. The meat was good and I like the fact that they slice it right in front of you but overall I was just not impressed.I will not be disappointed if I never go back to Jersey Mike's again. Not because I hated it just because in my opinion there are must better places out there. I was even excited to try it because a lot of people talk about it. Maybe I just went on a bad day. But I tried it was not impressed enough to even give it maybe one more shot. I will stick with my favorite sub place. Maybe sometime in the future someone can talk me into trying Jersey Mike's again.
4	FYI: This is NOT your avg fast food sub!!! Jersey Mike's blows Subway out of the water. For what it is (a fast food sandwich joint) it hits all the marks. The bread, the meats, and the veggies are all unbelievably fresh. The staff is very friendly, and the prices are right. Overall, if you're looking for a quick place to grab a sub, Jersey Mike's is the way to go.
1	Since January of 2014 I have, on three occasions, bought subs that ingredients have been omitted. Twice I have returned to the store and a new sub, with all the ingredient's I paid for, was made. It happened again last Tuesday March 18. I bough a "Giant #8 and the bacon and ham was missing. I realized this while on my way to Tucson and could not return to the store.This makes me wonder if leaving off ingredients to cut costs is a company policy. Three times is not a random mistake.
4	This is now my number two place in the valley to get a sub sandwich. Mike's Way makes all the subs taste fantastic and I can't get enough of the club. The bacon that is added to the sandwich provides the perfect amount of crunch and mouth feel to keep me coming back week after week. The employees are friendly and always smiling.
1	Worst sandwich place in the world. My chicken was undercooked and was mostly fat. I asked for light mayo and mustard twice and they seemed to ignore the request  because my sandwich was 80% mayo and mustard. I ended up trashing pretty much the entire sub and as a consequence my money...Never again!!!
5	This Jersey Mikes is alway good. There service is great. They are very nice. This location does a great at job at making you feel like a regular there and they appreciate you as a customer. Highly recommended.
4	Tried Jersey Mike's for the first time today. I got the mini #8 Mike's way minus tomatoes on white. This sandwich more than filled me up for lunch.  It had a great flavor, everything seemed fresh, and the bread was great.  The people working there were so nice. The only complaint is the location.  It's not directly off of Chandler blvd and it's next to a Starbucks.  So once you figure out how to get to it, you have to deal with all the cars going to the Starbucks drive thru.
5	The #9 is my favorite. I love how they slice the meat for every order. Mikes way is the way to go. I been going to Jersey since I lived in California I'm glad I found one close to home and work. Friendly service and they get your order right every time.
3	Meh, nothing special. Their subs are okay, their wraps are horrible. They wraps always have so much dressing in them.
