4	If you need a new tire A.S.A.P. this is the place to go.  My tire blew out the other day, and I went here after work and they had me in and out within an hour.  The price wasn't too bad, and the service was really good.Tires are not really something that I like to think about...The whole process was virtually painless.  If you ever have a blow out like I did this is the place to go for quick and affordable service.
4	Went here on the recommendation of a friend. Place was slightly busy with other customers so i had to wait a few minutes.The assistant manager came to help me out, inspect my current tires, write down make and model, mileage, and ask me the basic questions of driving style, what am i looking for, any problems with the current tires.I did my research in advanced and had a specific brand and type off their website and a competitor's for price matching. I presented my findings and the competitor's website and the manager didnt give me any attitude or excuses on why i should pay their full price instead of save money.The tires i wanted were sold that morning and they didnt have any in stock so he pulled up a higher end set price matched it and offered it to me. End result being a better set of tires at the same price as the set i wanted in the beginning.He did try to sell me a set of rims but after a few nos and not really interested at the moment he got a hint and moved on.The wait was about an hour long. The waiting area had various magazines but all in the same theme automotive with a few women's magazines mixed in. Free cold water bottles in a fridge and a high end pod style coffee machine. Overall great service, not that much hassle and i'm pretty happy with the results.
5	I can't even tell you how many freebies I've gotten from this place!  I stop here all the time and have my air pressure in my tires checked and filled.  It's free and I just give them a tip.  Yesterday, they even removed my cracked wheel cover and put the one I bought online on for me!  Free!  Love this place!
5	I never buy tires elsewhere. Every time I have had a flat or a blowout I go to DT. I have had more than my fare share too.. damn those medians... they just jump out in front of ya!Few times it has happened soon after I just got new tires, and they replace them for free and send me on my way.never any hassles here. as long as this company is around where I live, I'm buying there.
5	I reeeeeeally needed new tires. Despite being fully aware of this, I took a 50-mile bumpy-ass dirt road into the middle of Death Valley to a remote hot springs. There was no cell service, and I carried no spare -- what can I say, I like to live on the edge :)Sure enough, I hadn't been back in town more than a few days when I blew out a tire. Thank dog it didn't happen in the middle of Death Valley! I went over to the Big O on Jones & Desert Inn, where I've been going for years...but unfortunately the place was closed, because the cool-ass man who ran it had passed away :(So I went to another Big O, which shall remain nameless...and after upselling me on needless services (transmission fluid, power steering fluid and brake fluid flushes), the guy had the chutzpah to call me up the next day and ask me out on a date!!Now I can't fault the guy for asking me out -- after all, my usual m.o. when going in for automotive work is to wear skimpy clothes in order to wangle the best deal from the grease monkeys. But to rip me off and THEN have the balls to ask me out?! Inconceivable!I know they ripped me off, because my regular oil-change guy later told me he'd just changed my power steering fluid a few months prior...so it DEFINITELY did not need flushing. Lesson learned: check records before agreeing to services!Anyhoo, now I decided to get a full set of new tires, just in case. But I sure as hell wasn't going back to Big O! Someone recommended Discount Tire, so I went and checked it out.The staff was courteous, the waiting room was airy, clean, and stocked with lots of magazines, and one of the grease monkeys offered me a bottle of water while I waited. The total cost for all the tires only came to $340, and I was in and out within 30 minutes.This all just happened today, so I'm still waiting to see if these insanely cheap tires blow up prematurely. I'm also waiting to see if anyone calls to ask me out! Barring those eventualities...this place rocks!
5	Always great to work with. Speedy & helpful.
5	Hey, we all enjoy going to the tire store, right? Yeah, I'm guessing not, but when the folks that work at the tire store take care of you it makes it a little more bearable. Mix good customer service in with fast service and suddenly it is a down-right pleasure to hang out at the tire store, right? Ok, still maybe not.   Alright, enough of this foolishness, let's talk about Discount Tire on Sahara near Torrey Pines. No, hold on, let's talk about me for a minute. A couple decades ago I was in the tire business here in Vegas. I ran a Big O Tire store for a long time and prided myself in not only running the most successful tire store of any brand in town, but one of the most successful in Big O's nationwide chain. I mention this because we created a loyal following through excellent customer service. The kind of service we strived to provide is what you will find today at Discount Tire on West Sahara.   It's been a long time since I've had a salesperson meet me at my car, but that's what happens at this Discount location. I appreciate not having to hunt someone down to get served. The salespeople don't attempt to oversell products and they do give solid recommendations that are educated and helpful. The prices are reasonable and they carry good quality, name brand tires and wheels. All service work is performed in an expeditious manner and your car is returned to you as clean as before the work started.   I last visited Discount a couple days ago to get a flat tire fixed which is covered under their road hazard warranty. While my vehicle was in the service bay my salesman summoned my to the repair rack. He explained to me that the tire to be repaired was actually the wrong ply rating for my vehicle and could pose a danger. I knew he was right in this assessment and had a feeling I was about to be buying a new tire or four. When he looked up my history he found that all 4 skins had been purchased at Discount and the error was theirs. He told me that because my truck is a 4 wheel drive I would need to have all of them replaced (again, correct). I was waiting to hear that I would have to drop $800 or so to get my truck back in shape. To my surprise I was told it would run me around $130 out the door. They admitted their mistake and were willing to make it right. I had driven on these tires for over 2 years and had never noticed the difference. They found the issue and handled it. I appreciate that kind of honesty.   I highly recommend this Discount Tire location to anyone in need of new tires or related service. There was a time when I would never have made this recommendation because Discount was our biggest rivals and this location in particular was my direct competition, but these guys really have it together.
5	I went to Pep Boys and they tried to scam me into buying 4 new tires.  I checked the treading and I only needed the back two.  When I called Discount Tires, Omar was very helpful and told me to come in.  He confirmed that I only needed 2 tires.  Customer service is so great and I only had to wait 15 minutes! This place is awesome.  I never write Yelp reviews but this place deserves 5 stars!
1	Bad experience. they were not able to help at all. Unexperienced and did'nt know what was going on. thanks gor waistkng my gas for 15 minutes! All I wanted was air in my tires!!! I bought my tires here. Totally unexceptable!! Every other location does it and I leave a tip...
4	Excellent service. But the fact that they don't offer alignment service is just more wear and tear on your tire's life.
5	Excellent Service and everyone in the store is awesome.  I was helped by a guy around my age(I think his name was Damon) and he was really helpful.  He gave me a great deal on the tires and changed them in record time!
5	Not only are all the gentleman super handsome they are so friendly and took care of all of my concerns. I bought 4 new tires a few months ago. My tire pressure is low sensor kept coming on. I stopped by and they pumped all og my tired up and were so nice. In & Out.
5	Excellent & Honest customer service .... my tire blew out and I needed it repaired asap !  I took my car to the W. Sahara location and was greeted by a friendly gentleman who inspected my tires and informed me that my tires were in overall good condition and educated me on what to look for when its time to replace them.They were able to get my car in and repaired my tire within 30 mins.  I was very grateful, as I had to meet a client soon.  Did I mention , the repair was FREE !!!
5	I bought some tires at their store in Fullerton, CA about 4 years ago.  Well the other day I got a bolt in one of the tires.  Drove over to this store and they fixed the tire within 30 minutes and there was no charge.  Great!!
5	This is the greatest tire company.  Not only are their tires reasonably priced, they are exceptional in their service to their customers.They go over and beyond to please their customers.  This is even if you are out of state.  They don't care.  Service is the same without any problems.  Recently, I was in Las Vegas.  I had a tire pressure problem.  Russell took care of the problem in a few minutes and I was on my way back to california.  I wouldn't buy from anyone else.  Also, the office is spotlessly clean.
5	I purchased a set of tires from these guys yesterday. Mike was very helpful and gave me a great price. They didn't have the particular size I need in stock but said they could get them there the same day. I went home to grab my new wheels and to my surprise the tires were already there. Mike said he went and grabbed them on his lunch break. An hour or so later I get a call saying my car is done. Today when I was on the freeway I noticed a slight vibration from 60-70mph. I called over and spoke to Chris and he apologized and asked if I could bring it back to get a rebalance. I drove right over and was in and out in 15 minutes. Damon said he had balanced them the day before and apologized for it not being right. I told him it was no big deal and that things happen sometimes. Overall great experience at this discount and I will definitely be back in the future. These guys care about customers and that's what keep the people coming back!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the level of professionalism at this location. I was helped by Russell who found a nail in one of my tires. He did a tire check and told me my tires were in great shape.  I asked him for information in the future on what would be good replacements once my tires were worn. He educated me on which tires would be a good value and what fitted my lifestyle. Also which type of tires could and couldn't be repaired.  I recommend this location.
5	I'm very pleased by the service here! I had a nail in my tire and my dealer recommended me to come here. I had to take a final in just a few hours. The people there took care of me pretty quickly. They told me they'll try to fix it, if not I'll have to change a new tire. I was very worried about the time. Also, the place was very busy, there're 5 cars waiting behind me. The guy fixed it really quick and I was glad I didn't need to change tire because I did not have enough time. He came and told me it was all set and it's all FREE! He was super nice and I really appreciate people delivering great service when they're really busy. I'll definitely come back here next time if I need to!
5	I usually go to Discount Tire at different location. But this time, I tried this location. The manager Rocco was very familiar and took care of me very nice and helpful. Happy tried here!
5	If you need an honest opinion about your tire replacement then skip the dealership and head over to Discount Tire on W. Sahara and ask for Rocco. BMW wanted to charge me over a $100 more for a tire with a nail in it, only, the nail didn't even puncture the tire (turned out to be a stub)! I now know where to head for my tire needs and a fair shake from now on -- Thanks Rocco!
5	Great, quick, honest and friendly. I highly recommend this place. They explained my options and gave good advice and did not pressure me into anything.
5	This place is pretty awesome! Needed to double check my wheels before going back to Cali, they checked it and gave me some great info regarding tire ware. I will def come back for tires here. Thanks DT on Sahara !
4	just went in today to get new tires and 1 of the new tire they gave me was 10 PSI lower than the recommended air pressure. I later find out there is  slow leak on the new tire. updated: Had to get it fixed next morning before work. They were quick to fix the problem. i was told there was a leak on the sensor probably from the tire change.  they apologized and cleaned my tires so i moved it from 1 star to 4 stars.
3	They have good warranties on their tires but in my opinion they work very slow. They were pretty empty and I had to wait 30 min to patch a tire.
5	I was at work and when it came time for lunch, it was my turn with the co-workers to drive. Get in the car and I have an alert that my tire (which should be at a 35ish PSI) is at a 9. WTF.Anyway, long story short, I was able to get some air in my tire and drive it to the nearest Discount Tire. Luckily I made it there quick and the air stayed in beyond what I needed it for. Alleluia! I spoke with Lane and he tells me there's a nail in the tire but it's repairable. I asked what it was going to cost and he said "Nothing, free of charge". WTF, is this a joke?! Nope, 100% free. An amazing end to my day as I wasn't ready to dump money and deal with the costs of new tires. Discount Tire to the rescue, thank you!!!
5	Another 5 star review. I normally don't give high reviews, unless a business deserves it and Discount Tire deserves it.  Earlier today, I took my car to a different DT location because my TPMS was lit for a few days.  I arrived at 5pm and without hesitation, the tech took my car into a bay. To make a long story short, I needed a new sensor. I wanted to purchase 2 of them for my 2 front tires. Unfortunately, they were out stock. Mike, called this store and Mike from this store said that they have the correct sensor and that I can come In at 5:30, even knowing that they close at 6.  Mike from the fist store waived the installation fee. I arrived at the second store and the tech who worked on my car advised me that the lug bolt was stripped by a different location. I mentioned that only DT rotates and checks my tires so most likely it happened almost a year ago at a different DT location.  The manager Mike without hesitation or resistance, said that he will give me a voucher so a mechanic can fix this problem without me being charged. I was very impressed by his actions.When the tech finished up the job, a different tire sensor produced a trouble code. The tech diligently took action to trace the problem and replace the additional sensor.I was very impressed with the fast handling of the situation by both locations (the first location I went to was on Jones and Trop).I am a fan for life with DT.  They will rotate your tires for free and other places charge to do that.  Thank you for being my first and only choice for tires.Feel free to pass this letter on to corporate management.Thanks.Daniel R.Las Vegas, NV
4	Had a slow leak in the right front tire. They fixed that but also checked my spare to make sure it was in good shape and had proper pressure. That was unexpected and very cool. That's why I keep coming back.
