3	The UNLV Dining Commons is a great place to socialize and enjoy some good food. In the past it was not very good, but ever since they hired a new food service company they have been working really hard to prepare dishes that are different daily, but still have the favorites. It is buffet style and their is always something for everyone. I like this new and improved Dining Commons way better then the old. The staff is nice and the managers walk around to make sure everything runs smoothly. They are super nice as well.
3	If you have a bunch of friends who cannot agree on anything in particular, this is a safe bet. I used to come here for an inexpensive meal in between classes. The salad bar could use a little more upkeep, but the varieties in veggies and toppings are not slim. The usual pre-made buffet items are available for those in a rush, but if you have time, the option to order a burger or chicken sandwich is there.
4	The food quality itself is only worth 3-3.5 stars, but since the menu is always changing, I have to give it 4. There are TONS of choices when you come here, especially if you come on a regular basis. Pizzas are changing daily, international station, comfort food, salad bar, bottomless french fries, etc.I've had so many different meals here that I can't really comment or I would be here forever! Just know that when you come here you will always have TONS of options.People might be curious about the prices: Breakfast: $6:50Lunch: $7:75Dinner: $8.45My biggest complaint: the bathrooms here are NOT up to par with the other ones at UNLV.
4	I don't know how I've managed to never go here before last week. I've been at UNLV for ten years now, either as a student or an instructor. I just never went in here for some reason.That changed last week when a UNLV newsletter informed me that for Vegetarian/Vegan Awareness day (or something like that) they would be offering a special menu. I decided that it sounded good and went to check it out for lunch.I got a piece of cheese pizza, quinoa pasta, chilled coconut soup, a vegan chocolate muffin and some sort of vegan pudding. The pizza wasn't the best, somewhat soggy and lacking in taste. Likewise the vegan pudding was only so-so. However, the soup, the pasta and the muffin were great! I also appreciated that they have Silk soy milk available, as although I'm a vegetarian and not a vegan I still prefer soy milk to dairy.Will definitely go there again, as they apparently have a permanent vegan/vegetarian selection.
4	I do not eat here often but this is a beautiful dining room compared to when I first came here.  After its renovation and Aramark took over from Sodexo, many things changed - seating area, decor, arrangement of the different stations, and the introduction of Coke products.  When I first stopped in here, it was to see my students and be visible outside of my office.  Now, the students I have are busy running their own restaurants on campus so I just come for the food.Yes, you heard it!  The DC posts its menus 2-3 weeks in advance by the day and the meal.  I stalk the menu waiting for the pad thai day.  There was a time I walked in and boom - there was pad thai.  It was so good!  I also came in once and had Chinese chicken stir fry served in take out boxes....yum!Today was Pad Thai day according to the menu for lunch, along with Thai beef red curry.  Well, I paid for lunch ($9.03 with tax, so it has gone up a tad) and headed straight for where the curry should be.  Well, there was a shrimp curry instead, so I got that on rice.  Then I go to the where the pad thai should be and nope...no pad thai....BUT - MONGOLIAN BBQ?!?!!?  There was the giant Mongolian grill thingy, bowls, different veggies to add, choice of meat, and choice of sauces!  AND choice of spicy on a scale of 1-5!  (Choice of rice or noodles too!!!!)  What???  There was a long line but I got in at the right time.I got broccoli, napa cabbage, onion, bamboo shoots, baby corn, water chestnuts, ginger, garlic, bean sprouts.....mmmm!  Then I asked for beef, a combo of soy and chile sauce, and spicy level 3 or 4, with noodles.  The action chef handled about 7 orders on her grill, but knew which meals belonged to each customer.  While I waited I ate my shrimp curry (yummy).  Then, it was ready.  I ran my steaming bowl over to the salad bar and sprinkled edamame on top, clutching my chopsticks.  I also found TWO types of fresh red beets (shredded raw and fresh roasted) - put those in a little bowl, and scurried over to a table near the Coke products.My steaming bowl was full of vegetables, with a ton of beef, lots of spice and flavor, and the beets on the side cooled me down.  Though I did not get any of the Thai offerings on the menu, this was a very pleasant surprise and I left wholly satisfied...though now I wonder if the menus are ever going to be what is actually there!  The salad bar is always awesome, and I hope to return for more beets in the future.  They play 90s on 9 here!!!!
