5	Albina's Bakery is an unassuming hole in the wall hidden in a strip mall in Paradise Valley. It also has the best pastries I've had in the continental US. The cannoli cream is heavenly (it tastes slightly minty, don't ask me why), and the rhum au baba (a pastry floating in rum) is intoxicating on multiple levels. The sfogliatella is unbelievably crispy while being all moist and swiss-cheese holey on the inside, I also like the pignoli, bocconoto, napoleons, and eclairs. They also have breads, which I've never tried. No seating accommodations available, take out only. A dozen pastries will cost you about 20 bucks. They close early on Sundays. A word of advice: if you are looking for good neopolitan cookies you will not find them here, try Rocco's instead. Cash only!
4	I found this place through yelp. It sounded like a really genuine and authentic bakery, something I've missed since moving away from the Bay Area. So after punching in the address on the GPS, we made our way over to Albinas. It wasn't hard to find, but it was definitely situated in a non-descript strip mall between nothingness.When we entered there were other customers in line, waiting. We stood in line and waited patiently for our turn. You know this place is authentic when the lady who  is being helped speaks in a strong NY accent. It was awesome. We were wondering out loud about several items and she turned around and said 'those are to die foh" -- just the way my late mother in law would've put it.Anyway, it got to us and we picked out the dark chocolate canolis, these cream stuffed chocolate things, a bunch of meringue things with nuts, all the biscotti on display and some chocolate cookie the young man picked out. The gals behind the counter were so cool, they gave us some to eat without charging us.Our total was only $10. I'm guessing if you go early in the day you'll have more selection. We got there in the mid-afternoon.I liked most of the items, but the dark chocolate canolis were really quite sweet. The filling was interesting, had some fragrant addition to it and it wasn't whipped cream but rather, a creamy filling. Sorry I can't give you more info, but if you like sweets, you have to stop by here! I was seriously wanting a napoleon but maybe next time. They were sold out by the time we got there!!
5	We arrived at Albina's at 8:00 on Christmas Eve, and the line was out the door.My dad and I were obviously the lone Midwesterners in the place, we talked funny compared to the other customers.It took about 30 minutes to get to the front of the line as we watched  other customers lug out box after box of yummy pastry goodness.  It was worth the wait.We procured a dozen pastries...they were all fabulous, but the standouts were the cannoli and the lobster tails.  They fill the cannoli shells when you order them, even when the joint is packed.These pastries are as good as anything you can get in NYC, especially on Christmas Eve when the inventory is turning over quickly.It was well worth the trip from Fremont Street!
3	Albinas is one great Italian bakery.... Your best to arrive early to get your hands on the fresh pastries available at Albinas.  It's not a large store and is unfortunately tucked inside a fairly large shopping center making it less accessible unless you know exactly where it is.The store isn't very descriptive with its items but the staff is more than happy to answer any questions you may have.
4	Why Go?* Craving large chocolate dipped cannolis* Craving regular cannolis* Craving your Italian grandmother's cookiesBascially that is why BF & I decided to check this place out...and it was such a good choice. Cannolis - (~$3.50 i think for large chocolate; $2.50 for large regular) sweet but not overly rich or too sweet; they go down easy, and the cream is perfect, shell is crispy and think the key according to the BF is they don't fill them until you buy!Cookies - got an assortment of the cookies, my fave was the rasberry lintzer (not too sweet and perfect amt of fillin'), the dough is crumbly/powdery and according to the Italian BF just like grandma made...they sell by the poundTips:* CASH ONLY - closest BofA is block down on Pecos* Located corner near the right side of walmart & tax place* Probably more variety in the mornin' we went around noon, but still had lots of cookies, napoleons, lobster tails, pie type custards, eclairs, biscotti
4	thank you for your delicious cookies and pastries. we'll be back !!
4	It's a small place, and pretty "no frills" but the pastries they do have are VERY good. Old School Italian, where the boxes are tied with red & white twine, and you can get the classics. The best things they have are the cannolis and the lobster tail pastries. The bavarian creme in the lobster tails is TO DIE FOR and the cannolis are filled when you order them. We also picked up some other stuff and they have a ton of beautiful cookies (better than some of the other "big name" bakeries in town *wink"). We visited on a Sunday, they were open 8-2pm and they are a cash only type of place.
2	If I could rate this place on my friend's enthusiasm they would get 5 stars. However, I want to be honest with my experience. They get two stars, one for the cookies and one for the cream filling.Around noon, on a quest to visit Tasty Bunz camped out at the Steadfast Tattoo parlor, my friend suddenly exclaims, "We're on Tropicana! We HAVE to stop at this Italian bakery!" Well, I can never say no to a trip to a bakery. So we pull up in front and I am thinking, "Okay, nondescript but I've seen some dives that ended up being goldmines so I'll give it a shot." We walk in and there are a goodly amount of cookies and pastries present, so far I'm diggin' it. I end up ordering two sfogliatelle on my friend's recommendation and I also get a half dozen of cookies dipped in chocolate. The total was $7.10Now I am going to say, I did not eat anything right away. I wanted to eat my aforementioned lunch. I brought the pastries home and tried them later. I lift one of them out of the box and it's very heavy. The pastry for the sfogliatelle was very chewy and hard and actually peeled way when I tried to cut it in half with a knife. After taking a few bites I simply could not tolerate it. I scooped out the delicious cream filling and spread it on a toasted croissant I had handy. On the up side I liked the cookies. Yet, I would not eat them by themselves. They are not sweet and probably would go very well with a cup of tea.I had not ever heard of this bakery before and despite the other reviewers (and my friend's) glowing recommendation it is not for me. Maybe because I am not from the East Coast. Maybe because I more partial to French pastries, I don't know.Edit: for lobster "tails" not "claws" also being called a sfogliatelle
5	I am a cannoli fiend.  One of my favorite things to eat EVER!  Anyone that knows anything about cannoli knows that the shell is NEVER to be filled until the cannoli is ordered.  This is a cardinal rule.  Entirely too many bakeries fill all their shells in advance, stick them in the cooled display case, and leave them in there until they're ordered.  This in turn makes the cannoli shell soft and soggy, which cannolis are not supposed to be.Now that I am finished with my little lesson for the people uninformed about cannolis, I will tell you about Albinas.You will not be impressed when you walk into this bakery.  It sits in a large shopping center/strip mall, is pretty non-descript, and looks like they have very little selection.  I have read other reviews in here that the selection is non-existent.  This is because most of their items are made fresh to order.  If you want a cake or something like that, they don't make a bunch of them at once and stick them in a refrigerator waiting for you to order them like Costco or Wal-Mart.  You order what you want in advance and they make it fresh for you!  The best way!But back to the cannolis.  Their cannoli filling is spot-on and they only fill the shell when you order it.  The way it's supposed to be!!!!!!  They also taste great and run about $2.50 each.Find me another bakery in Vegas that fills the cannoli upon ordering it, tastes this good, and is similar in price.  I bet you can't.5 stars all the way!
5	Best Cannolis I've found in Vegas hands down.  This place is an old school east coast italian style bakery satisfying even the most critical of dego sweet tooths.  The cannolis ,like I said but can't stress enough, are the best I've had in vegas.  I find it hilarious that no matter how tasty the Italian cuisine can get in this town it's absolutely impossible to find a good cannoli.  Most are way too sweet and came out of a box.  Albinas has been doing cannolis along with all the other Italian classics hand made, daily for the past 20 years.  They have remained practically unchanged by the times, and why the hell would they change?  When you've been doing it this good for this long.
5	closed.
