5	This is the corner where business comes to die, but I hope this one makes it. As soon as the pedestrian white walls of Ye Olde Donut & BBQ and, more recently, the late Derald's Diner were washed in the much richer brick red paint, the folks across the street at El Charro got off their asses and re-painted their "Tortas - Tacos - Burritos" signs. American capitalism at work.Seating is limited at Maize and there are no public bathrooms. It is counter service with about ten barstools.
5	In the few years I've been on campus, I've been consistently disappointed with what passes for Mexican cuisine around here. That being said, Maize is rocking my world! The food is super-authentic, perfectly fresh and wonderfully inexpensive -- I've eaten there twice in a week! They even have legitimate vegetarian options.I also love the decor. Most of the Mexican places on campus are gross inside, but this place is clean and has a nice vibe. Plus, the folks that own it are incredibly nice.A+++, would/will eat again.
5	This place is fabulous. The food is fresh and deliciously seasoned. The prices are very reasonable, especially in comparison to all the other Mexican places in town, and the decor is cheerful and clean. I would highly recommend the Sope al pastor cooked on el comal (not fried). And the tlacoyo was also delicious. Husband had a burrito al pastor, which he loved. They give you free chips and homemade salsa. We both left feeling full and happy.The owners are very kind and personable. I will definitely go back again.
5	Authentic and tasty, no question. Enjoyed a burrito con al pastor, which had that lively, slightly sweet flavor. It was excellent and plenty large. The salsa is clearly made in house and is also delicious (and comes with the meal, I might add). As good as Mexican gets in CU. Here's to hoping the steady volume of traffic I've noted driving by (and visiting the once) continues.
4	Everything was tasty.  The salsas are great, very fresh!  We got our order to go, parking is VERY limited which was ok when it was a donut place (you're in and out) but maybe not so great for a restaurant.   Prices are very reasonable, filling food and friendly staff.  My only real complaint is that the vegetarian options are kind of limited.  Sure they list veggie as an option for most items, but don't order it thinking you're going to get a taco or sope or huarache with grilled veggies instead of meat.  You'll basically get the item with NO MEAT, just the toppings listed, even though you pay the same price as one with meat.  I'd love it if they added some grilled veggies so at least it seems like a vegetarian option instead of an afterthought.
3	In fairness, I have not yet been to Maize, and I am headed over there this evening to "check it out".  Curiously, "Check it out" is the sign off phrase in two different reviews which Yelp filtered and hid from view.  I suggest you look at the filtered reviews.  I smell a rat... ...or two.It might be great, but I would not rely on the star ratings just yet
5	I went to Maize for the first time today for lunch; all I can say is AWESOME! Fantastic, authentic, Mexican fare with homemade tortillas, homemade salsa, and flavorful meats and fresh toppings. I loved the chicken, asada, and pastor tacos all equally, and can't wait to go back and try more!
5	This place is fantastic.  The staff is extremely friendly, the food tastes authentic, and the prices are extremely good for what you get.  4.50 for a burrito with chips/salsa included...can't get much better than that.  I'd recommend trying the quesadilla's there. They make their own tortillas and it really is a one of a kind meal.
5	OK, I was suspicious that Maize was writing their own reviews, but after a Friday evening visit in October, 2011, I now understand why their growing but new fan base is over-the-top loyal and giddy about the joint.  The atmosphere was intimate, the parking lot was packed, there were no available stools.  We overheard a customer who had been there before gushing to his friends about what to order.  So I get the impression this is one of those start-ups that folks feel strongly about supporting and want to see succeed. Me too.Small portions, but very reasonably priced (most things under $3).  Spend $8 and you will have a full meal.  The free chips are unique because they have dark specks in them and seem drier and crunchier than other Mexican restaurants in this genre. The free salsa is excellent.
3	Tried Maize for the first time about a month ago and it was good. Tortillas are made fresh so that is amazing. They ribeye steak tacos are extremely tender and the fish tacos have excellent flavor. Wish the place had more sitting space though. Chicken tacos were a bit bland but the salsa verde adds great spice for them.
5	A strong addition to the relatively unimpressive community of campus restaurants.  Had the flautas and steak tacos.  Almost as good as La Pasadita in Chicago.  Efficient for the small size of the place.  Will return.
5	Okay, my credentials: I lived in LA for 5 years, which has probably the best Mexican food in America.  My favorite taco place is Tacos El Gordo in San Diego, which has 559 (559!) yelp reviews and 4.5 stars; I raved about that place 3 years ago before it blew up. I like lengua, sesos, suadero, barbacoa, al pastor, asada, tripas, carnitas, and buche. I like tacos with pickled radishes and carrots served from trucks parked under LA overpasses late at night.Maize Mexican Grill is seriously legit. Hand rollled tortillas. Huitlacoche. Huaraches. Rib-eye tacos! The fish quesadilla is incredible: it's a hand rolled tortilla filled with cheese and fish, perfectly deep fried with a delicate crispy outside, a soft doughy tortilla inside.The atmosphere is awesome, too. At once bright and airy, and cozy too. Sit at the counter and you can't help but talk with Armando, the owner, and your fellow diners about the food coming out. It's more of a foodie community than just a restaurant.Pro-tip: if you have the time, when you get to order tell Armando that you're in his hands and you'll have whatever he decides to send out. Sit at the counter an be ready to be very happy and very full.
4	Finally went to Maize for the first time today after reading a bunch of reviews online. Maize does live up to its hype. For such a small space, the owner did a great job making this place feel warm and inviting. Seating is cramped and very limited, but I guess Maize is one of those hole-in-a-wall neighborhood restaurants that everyone loves. Food was very fresh and authentic, and everything tasted good. The portion was small, so you're going to have to order a couple of things, but price is reasonable for the quality of food. Service was also very friendly too.Pros: authentic, fresh mexican food. very friendly service. Cons: limited parking and seating.
5	After reading all the rave reviews I had to check Maize out and finally this past week I had a chance.  I ordered for take-out, knowing that it would probably be packed and when I got there it was indeed filled with people. I ordered a handful of items for me and my roommate.  I got a rib-eye taco, a chorizotaco, and a pastor taco.  The rib-eye was thinly sliced and was of good quality.  The grilling gave it a little bit of char and was tasty.  I did feel that it was a bit underseasoned and could have used a touch more salt.  The chorizo taco had your standard ground chorizo, but was delicious.  The pastor taco was the best of the three, great flavor and a touch of heat.  As others have mentioned the tortillas are handmade and they're fantastic.  A bit chewier than your typical store bought tortilla and adds an element of texture to their dishes.  My roommate got a fish taco, a carne asada taco, and a grilled chicken quesadilla.  He seemed to enjoy everything as well, but don't have much commentary beyond that.   Definitely a place worth visiting regularly, seeing that their prices are low and the food is great.
5	Wow. I've been hearing good things so I decided to do some firsthand research and I must admit, I was worried about walking into a completely empty restaurant. Well, let's just say that by the time I left, the place was packed and for good reason, this is *literally* the best Mexican food you can get in Champaign-Urbana. What I would recommend is the Tacos Mexica which are like regular tacos except there's some grilled brown cheese on there. The cheese adds a bit of saltiness, the browned part adds some crunch and the melty part underneath adds a nice creamy texture to the party. The carne asada is salty and has some nice savory bits from the char of the grill while the pastor is spicy and crunchy.This place is as good as the stuff you'd get at little taquerias on the southside of Chicago so I very highly recommend you stop in.
5	Best Mexican food on campus.  I always get the chorizo and fish tacos.  Reasonably priced, and free chips with every order.  The green sauce is awesome.I hope they can keep it up!
3	I came here for lunch on Friday.  It was pretty quiet- only a couple other people eating.  I had the chicken quesadilla and what was supposed to be a carne asada taco with no onions.  Prices were fairly low and the food came rather quickly.  First off, they messed up my order as the taco wasn't carne asada.  Then when I sent it back and it returned, the meat was carne asada, but was covered in onions.  By this point, I was over it, so I didn't bother to send it back a third time- just didn't eat it.  I was expecting more from this place because of all of the rave reviews.  To be honest, my quesadilla was really oily (on the outside!) and extremely bland. It was missing heat, spice, anything to liven up the taste.  Overall, I wasn't too impressed and doubt I'll be back. It just wasn't all that.
5	Amazing New Mexican Restaurant!I hadn't heard about Maize, just saw it pop up on First and Green where during my 4 years here on campus I've seen many establishments come and simply disappear. Me and my roommate (all mexican) went to try it highly suspicious that any place around here could actually offer authentic mexican cuisine. Boy were we wrong. This place is great! It does everything right, taco, quesadillas, huaraches, and even tortas. It's the level of authenticity you might expect from a place like Nuevo Leon. I wish they just had more seating and were able to offer a dinner type atmosphere and menu. Great lunch and cheap dinner food. They are missing a lot of dinner items such as  enchiladas, mole, or pozole. However, everything they do do, they do it right. Their salsas are great, their tortillas delicious. Everything has the perfect amount of grease. Seasoning could be better, but it's better that they under salt than over salt. . Definitely try this place out!
5	This place is awesome, I either get the tacos asada or the asada flautas... which are delicious, crunchy, and not drenched in oil! These are the only tacos on campus that I don't have to drench in lime because they are so tasty on their own. Their salsas are great too, with actual heat!
5	This place saved me. I struggled to find a good authentic Mexican restaurant near campus. The burritos and tacos are outstanding, and the presentation - complete with lime wedges and two types of salsa - makes for a wonderful experience. There is not much seating, but if you order and wait a moment you're sure to find a spot at the counter or at the window.
5	This place is so small they have less than one table.  But it's worth squeezing in. In a nutshell, it's the kind of amazing Mexican place that I remember from my youth in California. I never thought I'd find anything like it in the midwest.  After eating at Maize I may never be able to eat at another mexican place in Champaign-Urbana -- they all compare so poorly to this one.  Beware, once you eat here there's no going back!I have tried the fancier and more exotic fillings on the menu (the pumpkin flower and the mushroom) and the more authentic formats for them (huaraches, taco mexico) and they were all good, but I liked the "standards" even better. If I were you, I'd start with the simplest: tacos pastor with cilantro and onions. Amazing!  Just amazing.
5	I was really happy when mas amigos opened because im from california and i like tacos  this is The best Mexican food in town by a long shot.  If you're against dairy you're going to have some problems cause pretty much everything is covered in nice fresh cotija crumbly cheese and slightly sour and delicious crema which I love but could be bad for the lactose intolerant.
5	If you haven't been to Maize, the question is why?  Fantastic food! Quesadillas, volcanes, tacos, tlacoyo, nachos - all so good! It is really mostly a carry out joint, so I don't fault them for limited space at all. Better to start out small, grow a reputation - than look for a big space to begin with.
5	Very good and authentic.
3	The food was pretty tasty but I feel the portions were really small for Mexican food. I know it's more authentic but I like the more Americanized Mexican food with bigger portions. I eat a lot so I don't know if that's why I don't get full but you can definitely get bigger portions elsewhere.
5	I went here last weekend after trying, unsuccessfully, to get fed at two other places. Apparently everyone else had the same idea we did going to Black Dog at 2:30 on a Saturday; I was saddened, but not really surprised by the prohibitively long line there. Then at Golden Harbor, we stood at the counter for fifteen minutes while countless wait/kitchen staff walked past us without acknowledging us. Disappointed in two of my favorite restaurants, we shuffled off to try Maize. First of all, for such cramped quarters, service was really great. The waitress was prompt and friendly -- even though my standards may have been a bit lowered by circumstance, it was still more than I would expect from a hole-in-the-wall place like this. The food was outstanding. Excellent queso fundido, and the torta ahogada was delicious, if impossible to eat without a fork. I'll definitely be going back, even if I can get service elsewhere!
5	Awesome food. This little place just sprung up a few months ago, and it looks like it is here to stay (I sure hope so at least). Maize always seems like it is busy, so I decided to try it out. Great food. I like how the burritos are prefect sized - I can eat one without feeling stuffed (unlike a Chipotle burrito, not that that is bad though). Really friendly staff, and a small bag of Chips and salsa comes with every order. The inside is small though, so if you walk in and order, be prepared to wait a little (less than 10 mins though) in a small space!I used to be an El Charro fan, but since Maize moved in I haven't gone since... and I haven't really missed it either.Pros: Great food. Decent prices. Friendly staff. Chips and salsa with every order. Orders don't take long (I can call an order in and by the time I walk over it will be ready!)Cons: Small location, not a whole lot of room to wait around for your order or to sit down and eat. Really busy sometimes.
4	Mexican food that tastes authentic is hard to find. Maize is a place that is able to achieve this Mexican taste which is not drowned in cheeses or sauces which can ruin Mexican food. The menu is small and not complicated with straight forward Mexican food options. The food is also relatively cheap, for about eight dollars you can get a filling authentic meal. Best of all they make their own masa base, While waiting to order i saw a Mexican lady kneading a huge amount of masa dough for the tortillas, and even saw a man hand making the flautas. With fresh masa as a base of the dishes, it was hard to not order the whole menu to see the different applications of the masa doughI ordered three items from Maize. The first item I tried was the carne asade burrito. The first thing that I tasted was the juicy steak, it was seasoned well and very juicy. it was not dry and burned as if it had been sitting in a tray just waiting to be reheated multiple times.  The beans, lettuce and the queso fresco help to bring a balance of creaminess, saltiness and crunch to the burrito. The burrito is also a great value at five dollars, it is quite hefty with plenty of juicy steak in it which is always key. I next had the Tlacoyo with chorizo on it. The chorizo was a great highlight. It was not dry and very flavorful. Many places when cooking chorizo overcook so it gets burned. The chorizo also was not overly greasy. The Tlacoyo was stuffed with beans fried and topped with sourcream and a blend of cilantro and onions and chorizo. The Tlacoyo looked like a tostada but with Masa that is fried. he saltiness of the chorizo blended well with the sourcream and onions which made me wish I had ordered more. When you bite into it, you first get a crunchy bite with  the Masa and then chorizo, sourcream and onions melding with it to give you a perfect crunchy bite. For three dollars, it it quite satisfying. The last item I ordered was a chicken huaraches. The huaraches are similar but are not studded with beans. This item was also quite good, the chicken moist and tender. The vegetables on it tasted fresh as the tomatoes were still firm when eating the huaraches. i got the huaraches grilled instead of fried and it made the masa more moist and chewy, almost like a pita. Having the huarache grilled, was a palate cleaner as it had certain freshness of summer food in the winter time. i think even Anthony  Bourdain would love eating at this place. The food this laces produces looks similar to the food he eats on his shows.  This Mexican places is a small restraint with barely any room to sit, but its simple Mexican flavors will have me coming back to eat.
3	I've only stopped in for carry-out once, so maybe I need to try something else on the menu. I have to assume I'm missing something for this place to be getting such rave reviews. I am a taco fiend and wasn't impressed, especially with the fantastic El Charro being right down the street. I ordered two of their "Taco Mexica" with chicken, because I'd heard good things about their "grilled cheese taco." The chicken was shredded and barely had any taste to it, which docks major points in my book. There was basically no seasoning in the meat at all, which is why El Charro wins the chicken taco contest by a landslide. The grilled cheese taco thing was interesting, but I honestly couldn't taste the cheese much, and I covet my cheese, so again, I didn't love it.  The traditional cilantro and onions topping gave it props in my book, but without tasty meat, what's the point? Maybe their beef is the way to go. They include free chips and salsa with your order, and here again I was disappointed. (I'm such a jerk judging free food, aren't I?) The salsa just wasn't my style. I'm basically obsessed with the tomatoey, cilantro-filled stuff El Toro will dole out for free, and I just can't get into spicy traditional salsa. That's a personal preference, though. The guacamole looked really good, but it was mighty expensive. It's $5.95 served with chips, and you get a giant saucer of it, but El Toro serves up some great guac at only $3.50. (And of course you get free chips and salsa at El Toro.)I might go back only to try out their fish tacos and guac, just to give the place one more shot. Good fish tacos is the only thing C-U is missing as far as Mexican food goes.
4	Great price for some really good authentic-tasting food
5	If you have read my other reviews, you know that I would just about eat anywhere if the food was good.  Yes, Maize is teeny-tiny and I even get grouchy trying to squeeze in but it is so worth it!  The food is SO cheap and delicious!  I am super picky when it comes to Mexican and I didn't even want to go when my boyfriend suggested it but I am glad we did.  The fish tacos are my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE!  Would definitely recommend to anyone!
5	Amazing.  The rest of the Mexican restaurants in Champaign do not even compare to Maize.  I got the Volcanes --- truly one of the best dishes I've consumed in a while! The good things about Maize: (1) Maize had fresh ingredients.  The cilantro tasted like it had just been harvested from a garden this morning.  Seriously.  Most of the other Mexican restaurants in the area either do not use cilantro or use barely any at all, so Maize's generous serving of fresh cilantro was a definite plus.(2) Maize appeared very sanitary and clean.  Some the restaurants on campus are somewhat grungy, but this restaurant seemed very well-kept and clean.(3) The decor and music put me in a very good mood.  From the outside, Maize may look a bit drab, but once you are inside, it's bright and colorful. I kind of wish the place were bigger and had more parking, but I don't really think it's a huge deal.  The small size of the restaurant gives it "character."
5	Finally, a place on green and first that is good! i think i have tried everything on teh menu. This is the most legit mexican food in town. Get the chalupas! It's the best deal. You get 3 chalupas for 4.99 (ish). Other good things to get are tacos and tostadas.  if you get a torta, get ready to bring home leftovers because that thing is huge!The meat here could use a bit of salt and pepper. also, don't bother to get the fancy steak taco or fish taco because they dont taste that great. otherwise, everything is delicious!
4	this place is a hidden gem in champaign. arguably the best mexican food in town. salsa is awesome and tortas are just right. i haven't gotten anything that has tasted bad there.parking is quite difficult during peak hours, but it makes the atmosphere that much better.
5	You know you've found a good deal when you see undergrads lined up out the door.  I don't know how this place turns a profit at the prices they charge.  I got two items, both under $3 each, and they gave free chips and salsa (good and spicy salsa at that) with my order.  Their chorizo is excellent and all the ingredients tasted really fresh.  It's impressive seeing the waitstaff team go to work during rush hour, running with the speed, friendliness and efficiency of a championship McDonalds staff.
5	Delicious, dirt cheap, and authentic. Very spicy sauces and salsas are delicious
5	Seriously loved this place! I went for lunch last week while I was visiting a friend at U of I - so glad she suggested it! I got chicken tacos and they came with complimentary chips - love that, although I could've used a little more salsa. Since it was free, I can't complain. Tacos were SO GOOD. Very Mexican-street-food kind of tacos. yum yum yum! She got a torta which she said she's had before and loves. This will definitely be a regular place to hit up when I am visiting U of I!Only downside was that we planned on eating there but it was packed so we ended up getting our food to go. Not a huge deal at all
4	This place is good. I got a huarache with squash flowers the first time, and a chicken burrito the second. Both times the food was super fresh, and the base for the huarache was home-made I think. A friend mentioned that they forget to add salt...that might be what is missing? Also, I like really hot salsas and theirs are extremely mild. I would say the taco truck at Bradley and Prospect is my first favorite for Mexican food here, and Maize is my second favorite. Then maybe the Mexican grocery on Green is my third favorite.
5	Great for take out - ingredients so fresh you'd swear they were grown out back. I'd eat it every day if I could.
5	A-MAIZING!! One of the most wonderful casual restaurants in the CU area. You just have to try it!
5	Great new place. The food was very fresh and light, but incredibly filling. I got a chicken burrito, while my husband got two tacos and a chicken quesadilla (the tacos and quesadilla were small-ish, but made a great meal together).Will definitely be back again! I think this may become a regular carry-out for us. Too small to go to with a group, but great as a grab-and-go meal.As for the parking - I recommend using the meters across the street behind Domino's. Waaaaay easier to get in and out of than the tiny parking lot by the restaurant.
3	I don't understand why everyone is ranting and raving about this place. I went solely because of all the fantastic reviews, but I was incredibly disappointed! Is it absolutely terrible? No. Is it the best Mexican food out there? Not even close.I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and 1 chicken taco. When I unwrapped my food, I was disappointed to see 3 puney little tacos. They look like tacos you'd order off of some sort of kids meal. However, I'll admit I was wrong about the sizing because they were incredibly filling! At first I didn't even think 3 would fill me, but just 2 and the chips and salsa they give you with every order left my stomach full.So maybe something is wrong with my taste buds, but these were the most bland tacos I've ever had. Probably one of the most bland things I've ever tasted period! I started with the carne asada tacos. Although it was loaded with meat, I could not taste the meat whatsoever. I felt like I was eating an onion and cilantro taco (the only other ingredients on them). Although the cilantro is very fresh and tasty and the onion gives it a good kick, I did not pay for a cilantro and onion on a tortilla...Then I thought maybe it was just the carne asada that isn't their expertise, so I moved on to the chicken taco. Just as bland! It's not even that the cilantro and onion are overpowering, the meat just has absolutely no flavor to is. I don't understand how meat can be that bland. Even unseasoned meat isn't that flavorless.The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because I can't speak for everything on the menu. However, that being said, I don't plan on trying anything else on the menu. Sorry, but Maize isn't for me.
5	This place is amazing. Best Mexican on campus, forget El Charro, even on wednesdays. The homemade salsas are amazing. I always have the same order, 3 tacos: chorizo, pastor, carne asada.My only drawback is a decrease in quality with the high volume. Food amounts can be variable, but their dining room is tiny, and the line always out the door.I'll be back many times next year in champaign.
5	It's small and quaint, but it's so good! I get the veggie burrito and it's quite large but doesn't over fill me. They also give you tortillas and salsa with every purchase, pretty nice addition. The salsa is definitely on the spicy side but it's great. It doesn't take long to get your food either, very quick.
5	This place is tiny, which often leads to tricky parking situations and lines out the door, but don't be dissuaded! Everything I've tried has been fresh and flavorful, and absolutely not drowning in grease (which is often my complaint when it comes to Mexican food, particularly in the midwest). My current favorites are the guacamole, veggie chalupas, and pumpkin flower quesadillla. I'm slowly working my way through the veggie and fish menu as I return and return again, snacking on the complimentary chips and adding delicious warm salsa to all of the selections. Yum!Lately I've been calling for take-out more often because the logistics of getting to Maize and finding space are not always easy... and so I would love if it could expand a bit and get some better bike / car parking. (Bike rack, please?) But that doesn't seem to be worth knocking off a star -- and other than that, I wouldn't want them to change anything.
4	Looks a little shabby on the outside, fantastic authentic food on the inside.  We arrived shortly before lunch and by the time our food arrived the place was full and had a line out the door.Delish: talk about flavor!  Portions might appear on the smaller side (which threw me off, eyes bigger than stomach issue) but very filling.  I ended up having to bring half of my food home!  For mushroom lovers: try the huitlacoche!My brother lives in the area - great find broey!  We'll head back to Maize when we head back to IL for a family visit.Deep friend quesadillas?  Yeah, I said it.  Crazy....
5	Really good Mexican restaurant. It is always packed. The food is really authentic. The menu is small but it has a lot of stuff to try out. You can't go wrong with this place.
5	Excellent food, excellent value. Favorite Mexican place. Order huaraches with chorizo and you won't be disappointed. My bf likes the corn fungus in a fried quesadilla - I'll pass. Chips are various salsas are also delicious and different. The only downside is that it's small and can be crowded, but it's worth the wait!To the people comparing this place to El Toro and Dos Reales - really? You've go to be kidding. The chicken tacos are a little bland, I will say that.
5	WARNING - this restaurant does not operate in a drug-free zone. That is the only thing that explains why they can serve up Mexican food that tastes so good that it is addictive. If the DEA ever raids the place and prevents them from spicing their food with crack, than their food will start to taste like all of the other places that attempt to serve Mexican food. We ate a taco, volcanoes (tostadas), huaraches and carne asada. You could not go wrong with anything they served up. The only downside was the lack of parking. Come prepared to wait for a seat in a small crowded diner or bring a blanket to spread out on the ground outside for a picnic lunch. No matter where you eat, the food is worth the trip.
5	Best and most authentic Mexican in C-U, some of the best Mexican I've ever had, period. (I love RIck Bayless's places in Chicago, I think he'd approve!) Love the Tlacoyo, sopes, and quesadillas. Tortillas are freshly made, with masa, not the prepackaged factory made ones. This is almost impossible to find these days, even in Mexico! CU is lucky!  Guac is good.. Queso fundido is fantastic. When asked grilled or fried, ask for fried. Trust me.Cons: very small, always packed, only counter top/bar stool seating, which is hard if you have kids or want to go with a group.
5	LOVE this place! I'm addicted. I could come here everyday. Everything on the menu is pretty cheap and super affordable. Every time I come, there is a huge line out the door, so be prepared to wait. It is definitely well worth the wait! The place is small too, so be ready to fight someone for a seat. Here's what I've had:-fish tacos (small but good)-tortas (I've tried carne asada, chorizo, and milanesa)-queso fundido with carne asada (melted cheese - really greasy)Their tortas are the best! They are only around $5 and it's a pretty large portion. Also, each meal comes with free chips and salsa!!
5	Fantastic hole-in-the-wall authentic Mexican place. Indoor seating is a little cramped but the food is fantastic and fresh. The quac is pricey but excellent. Would definitely recommend
5	Great staff, great service,great food. Take out because its a small place and they are fairly quick about orders.
5	I finally got around to trying this place, and I'm really glad I did. It was the best steak burrito I've had in town, cheap prices, and they had Mexican coke which is delicious.Just a killer place and has become a regular spot to pick up dinner for me and my lady.
5	You don't go here for the ambiance or comfortable tables.  It's all about great food at a great price.  We dropped our son off for college and went for lunch.  Wow!  Fresh, tasty, and large portions.  This is a great place.
5	Best Mexican in CU
5	Place is great.. Definitely not a place to take a serious date.  I enjoyed eating and the small dining area made it interesting.  My wife and I chowed down on everything.  The guacamole and chips were good and the numerous other items we had were great.  Make sure you go hungry because you will want to try most of the menu.  The staff made some great recommendations and everyone were friendly and hospitable.
5	Best Mexican food I've ever had anywhere in the states.
5	A-Maize-ing. Best burrito in town. Friendly service. Fun, quaint dining. Fantastic prices.
5	Great mexican cuisine!  Its simply excellent.  The only neg is that its small, but for good food and great service one has to suffer a bit :-)
3	It goes without saying that Maize is the best Mexican in CU, BUT there's a reason why I've decided to give them a 3 (Even though the food is 4.5 star).It's really annoying that they charge you an extra $.50 for a miniature salsa on to-go orders. Keep in mind if you dine in, you get unlimited salsa. Granted, I understand the need to recoup costs on the small (tiny!!!) plastic containers of salsa, but $0.50!?!?! As someone who eats here 3-6 times a month, it's upsetting that they don't value their repeat customers. At least have some type of free extra salsa every 3 order type of program. It's pretty ridiculous to think that ONE TINY salsa container will due a burrito and chips justice. As much love as Maize gets form the CU community, you'd think they'd find a way to reciprocate. Unfortunately, not quite the case yet.
5	This is a small establishment with about 5 parking spots. There are about 16 counter seats.  We ordered Carne Asada and Fish Tacos (around $3 per) which were both tasty and not too greasy. We were recommended another open faced item on fried dough which was great as well. Chips and Salsa were offered as we waited for our tacos. The food was tasty/fresh, service was efficient, and overall a positive experience. Whoever was running the cashier was super patient, had a genuine smile, and was very calm even when it was busy (which seems like the line is always out the door). Can't wait to go back!
5	BEST TACO PLACE ON CAMPUS. If they delivered, it would probably be the greatest thing to happen to the UIUC area.  But in all seriousness, their meat is great, the tacos are always very well filled, and it comes with free chips.
5	Best Mexican in town, perhaps the best inexpensive Mexican I've had anywhere.  Yes, it's cramped, parking can be difficult, including getting out at the corner -- but it's worth it.  Chips + verde salsa (I think you have to ask for the verde) are great.  Fish tacos are best in town.  Love the chorizo burrito -- so good I'm willing to suffer the upset stomach.  (The price I pay for any chorizo.)Always friendly even  when it's a little chaotic in there.  Wish they would expand and wouldn't mind having a margarita with my meal.  Hoping.
5	Delicious food. Tortillas are fresh and made in house. Everything is delicious. The best Mexican in town!
3	THE GOOD: It's a cut above your standard mexican food. They serve limes with their dishes and they come hot and fresh. Some different menu items than your typical champaign el toro/terero/etc.THE BAD:I truly believe this place chose such a small venue to give the illusion of a busy restaurant to generate buzz about their business. STAY OR GO?: I would not go back to this place. Mexican tastes ALMOST the same everywhere you go in town. Other places in town you get to sit, be served, and relax (and the price is about the same).
4	I lived in California and have visited Mexico several times.  The Maize grill has the most authentic south of the border flavors I have ever encountered in the States.  I had the torta and tried a regular taco, both with Carne asada.  All I can say is that they were absolutely delicious.  Can't wait to go back.Don't expect any ambiance, though.  There are only about 12 - 15 counter seats available.  The food makes up for it.  And, show up early for lunch, because they have a tendency to fill up rather quickly.
5	The tacos are so good at this place I don't know how I'm ever going to try anything else on the menu! Taco Mexicana, hands down the best thing ever. I love carne asada even though it's a bit greasy but not in a sickening way. They load these tacos with fresh onions and cilantro so you can taste the stuff for hours to come. Heheh. I love all the salsas they have for the chips as well. It's a causal diner and the service is just right. I will go back again and again until I'm completely tired of the tacos. Maybe only then I'll be able to finally try something else!
5	This is a little hidden gem with the best Mexican food in town.  The place is very small and cramped, and there is often a line out the door.  However, the tacos de carne asada (steak tacos) are to die for - made with corn tortillas, cilantro and onions, just the way they are supposed to be.  The burritos are passable, but stick with the tacos if you want rather authentic Mexican food.  The price is not the cheapest compared to say, Dos Reales (another decent Mexican place in town), you do not get any sides and the drinks do not come with refills.  However, it is definitely more authentic.  Dining in at this place might feel rushed since it is so small - best get your food to go.
5	this is very good food at a great price; the girls behind the counter are very nice and help you with any questions you may have about the menu...if you love cilantro and lime you will be in heaven.  Tiny dining space...but I fit at the counter..yeah
4	Maize Mexican Grill is by far the best Mexican food in Champaign-Urbana. It is the only Mexican place that does not taste as if the food just got re-heated in the microwave. While they are not as cheap the other Mexican places in town, the quality by far trumps the cost and quantity you would receive at other places. I have tried a variety of their items. I really like their fish tacos and veggie burritos. The sopes are very delicious as well. Also, the hot and mild sauces that come with the tortilla chips are very good. As stated in all the other reviews, this place is very small and have limited (3) parking spots, making it very hard to obtain food when you have a craving for it. You can always call in your order for pick-up but there is still the issue of finding parking to go pick you food up. What I would suggest is they get a FOOD TRUCK that is goes around campus town, where they make some real bank. Despite this big negative of space and parking, the food makes for a worthwhile trip.
5	So I've been twice now. The first time was crazy good, but I wanted to wait to write a review, just in case it was a fluke. It wasn't.I just had the pastor (seasoned pork) burrito. Suddenly you feel like Chipotle is bland. This thing roars with lime and texture and spice. I had the spicy salsa--it's bright yellow and has layers of flavor. And the staff I've encountered are warm and quick to help.This place looks like a hole in the wall on the corner of 1st and Green--I don't know what they're gonna do, but I hope this place is a permanent addition to Champaign and Campustown.
4	This is a VERY good mexican restaurant.   I've been meaning to come here for several months, but based on the reviews, I decided to wait when school was out and campustown would be empty.   The parking lot is SMALL.   I mean like, 6 parking spots maybe.... so either get their early or park on the street somewhere and walk on over.   The restaurant is a little hole in the wall ex-diner/donut shop.... seating is super-limited.... again, maybe like 10 seats.... so your best bet is to probably eat in your car or on the curb.   The prices are very reasonable.... you'll fill yourself up easily for $10.   I got three tacos -- al pastor, fish and a rib eye.   They were authentic -- cilantro and onions... corn tortillas.   I could've eaten about 6 of them easily.  The rib eye was good, the al pastor was better and the fish was outstanding!   I got complimentary chips and salsas while I waited. They were good.... but not sure how fresh they were since they were already warming under the heat lamps when I sat down.   This is a GREAT Mexican restaurant.... but not sure if it's really worth venturing into campustown to MAYBE get a seat AND a parking spot.   You definitely don't want to be lugging around a baby in a baby carrier because they'll just wind up sitting next to you on the floor (limited space) --- I mean, like stretch your arms out to your side and that's probably the size of the dining space width-wise.    Don't even think about bringing a toddler here because again, they won't be able to sit still on the chairs for very long.   But if you're by yourself or with a small party, go for it!Other than that, there are other alternatives in town that are just as good (ok, no other place has fish tacos like these, but for other mexican fare, there are good alternatives) such as Taco Loco, the taco trucks (the Mas Amigos at Prospect and Bloomington, and whateveritscalled Taco Truck in the Springfield and County Fair Dr  area).
5	By far the best Mexican food I've ever eaten (and I lived in the East Bay for nearly a decade).  It's gotten to the point that I'm seriously considering faking a pregnancy to justify how often and how much I eat at Maize.  When I leave Illinois in the near future, this will be the only thing I miss.  I actually cried the other day thinking about losing it.
3	Fantastic service in such a small but cozy diner-esque place.  The food was really good, with soft corn tortillas a fresh ingredients.  If you dine in, they also provide fresh homemade salsas and chips.  Food was just a tad underseasoned for me but the fast and friendly yet unobtrusive service definitely more than made up for it.  Check them out!
5	Delicious!!!!! Good price, excellent food!
5	Arguably some of the best, well made and most authentic Mexican food you will get in Champaign and maybe even the state.I'd like to recommend something but with how awesome everything on the menu is, you can't go wrong.  The chalupas are delicious meat pockets, the tostadas expansive and the burritos are a deal at what they charge.  My favorite 1-2 punch is getting a burrito and quesadilla and eating the quesadilla late at night.Dining in can be kind of a chore as the place seriously fits about twelve people (not comfortably) but their takeout is fast and if you are a lazy repeat customer (like me), phone ordering takes less than a minute.  Add in the politeness of the staff and now you know why I eat here at least once a week...
5	Maize is my favorite restaurant ever. The tacos are even better than tacos in Los Angeles. Try the tomatillo salsa. It's heavenly. Unfortunately, I no longer live in Champaign, so I can't eat there every day. Man, what I wouldn't do for that tomatillo recipe. I LOVE YOU, MAIZE!
5	We LOVE MAIZE!! Best mexican food I've ever eaten! We were driving home from New Orleans and made a special stop in Champaign just for some Maize. Their chorizo tacos with cilantro and onion are to die for. They're reasonably priced, incredible delicious, and food is always fresh. We rave about this places to friends and is the first place we take them when in town. The only downside is of course the size. There's virtually 5 parking spots and about 10 seats in the whole thing. This place is never not busy but there's never a line. Best to get this to go or at least when there's not drunk and hungry college kids around. If you're looking for an incredible, authentic mexican place then GO NOW.
5	Yes, Authentic Mexican food that is oh so affordable. They even have pumpkin flower and huitlacoche tlacoyos. Try them and you won't regret it!
4	Yes, it's very good food. Yes, they have lots of great choices. Yes, it is authentic mexican food in the middle of Illinois.But, it's always packed and they are continually raising their prices. It was once extremely cheap and I went there a lot. But now I prefer Huaraches Moroleon for better food, better prices, and a better atmosphere. Maize is still delicious though.
5	Every time I order from here I try and get something different.  Each and every single thing I have had is definitely amazing.  Real authentic mexican food!
2	I expected MUCH more for the 4.5 stars.  Had asada flautas.  Below average at best.  Chips and salsa were average at best.  Sitting area is too small.  Would not return.
5	The business owners and employees are awesome and fast. The horchata is delish. It's the best mexican in town. Just go there.
4	Sometimes when something is overhyped, you set yourself up for disappointment.  I wish I had visited Maize before I had heard anything about it, I think my expectations were too high. After reading reviews, it sounds like the prices have gone up since opening and it is not necessarily a bargain.The parking lot is very small and awkward since it is on the corner of a fairly busy intersection. The staff is super friendly and helpful and will answer any questions you have. If you are short on time, this is a great place to go since the food comes out FAST, unless you have to wait in a huge line to place your order.I tried a fish taco and a pastor tlacoyo, both are items I have not seen on menus at Mexican restaurants around town. They were both very tasty and authentic. The sauce on the pastor tlacoyo was delicious and I was delighted by the authentic cheese and crema topping.  Chips and salsa were good, but they're not my favorite in town.I would go back and try their torta and any entree that has squash blossom or huitlacoche.
5	This is my favorite Mexican place in town! Steak tacos are to die for! They know me by name and I'm not ashamed :D
3	I've been there a few times, and the food was above average each time.  Cheap prices and nice people.  However, it is very crowded, as there is very little seating.  Also, they have a tendency to get your order wrong.
5	Maize, what can I say about you? It was love at first bite.This is authentic Mexican food in Champaign. The chicken, fish, and ground beef burritos are amazing. The ground beef, chicken, and chorizo tacos are great. The volcano taco is fantastic. Catch my drift? And free chips with any order...what more could you ask for?Well if you want to get specific, my only complaint would be that the place is small and so is the parking lot (5 spots maybe?). It's always crowded, but always worth the wait. Call and place your order in advance so you can skip the line.
5	Excellent and authentic in every way.  Don't mind the size of the place of the wait, it is all worth it.  I wish they were bigger, but lets not mess with perfection!
3	Let me start by saying the food was awesome.  It was hot, it was flavorful, and after I ordered it was in front of me in under 5 minutes.  The chips and salsa that come with it are also pretty tasty.The establishment itself is tiny.  we are talking maximum occupancy of 15 kind of tiny for seating, there is the low bar at the counter and the high bar lining the exterior windows and that is all.  Very cramped, makes this place more of a to go only restaurant unless you like feeling like a sardine.The parking lot was even worse, there are maybe 6 spots to park and 2 are handicap spots.  I got lucky and pulled into one with my tiny Kia Soul that barely squeezed into the spot on the end simultaneously pissing off the other 12 cars trying to figure out how to park at this establishment and not having much luck.Overall, The food is great, get it to go and walk there if you can because you are not going to find a place to park.
5	Best Mexican around.  Might actually be one of the best restaurants around.  Almost everything is done from-scratch and the tiny dining area serves for a cool/different atmosphere.
5	aaaaahhh-MAIZE-ing!!! And, no... this place is not over-hyped! This little taco shack on the corner of Green & 1st is life changing. Friendly staff that serve up fresh, hot, flavorful food with smiles! Yes, it is tiny and cramped (bar seating for less than 15 people). Yes, the parking lot sucks. Yes, there are times where the line is out the door and around the building. But it is all worth it!! I'd highly recommend the Volcanes. Grilled cheese taco with your choice of meat... It's like a quesadilla and taco had a tasty love baby. Yummy! I really enjoyed the carne asada, pastor and chorizo. The chips and salsa were delicious, too! Btw... just found out that they are opening a second location this summer on Chestnut where Luna used to be!Peace, love & tacos!
4	Tostadas, I'm such a fan of their pastor tostadas. The wait and limited seating make it kind of a pain though. So I suggest calling in and ordering for pick up.
5	Some of the best Mexican I've ever had, and at the very least, this is the absolute best Mexican food in CU. Every dish can be made with any meat you want, in any way you want, and it's all great. I recommend the Tlacoyo with asada and the Tostada with chorizo (their chorizo is AMAZING). Prices are very cheap: $3 for each of the above, $6 for a pretty big burrito. Also, if you eat inside, you get warm chips and salsa for free, and their chips and salsa are very good.Only downside is the the place itself is tiny and often very busy. I've never had an issue getting a place to sit, but I usually try to go around 2-4pm when it's not busy.
5	My favorite restaurant in CU I recommend the volcanes. They're like a tostada but with this nice grilled melted cheese on the tostada shell.My bf (from mx) loves their tortas ahogadas and says he feels like he's back in mexico when we go there.I love their beautiful tile counter/bar with tiles from mexico. :)
5	SOOOOOOO YUMMY! Clean, Cheap,and fast. only complaint is the building was too small for the large crowds of people that flock there.
5	This hole-in-the-wall location is perfectly lovely. Believe the hype, people. My Texan friend complained that their tacos weren't spicy enough, but I'm sure you can let them know to up the spice level for you. I love that they make their own corn tortillas (which are gluten-free, friends). They also fry or grill any meat of your choosing. I met the owner once to interview him for Best of CU for Buzz, and he was the sweetest guy from Mexico City. He recommends the authentic fish tacos. I love their pumpkin flower and corn fungus quesadillas and their chicken volcanes, but all their menu items are perfectly delicious. All orders come with a side of chips with two types of lip-smacking salsa.Rather long wait sometimes, but just go at odd hours or endure the wait. They have an array of authentic Mexican sodas waiting inside as well. Seating is rather fickle and sparse, so get ready to carry out unless you're eating plus one. Enjoy!
5	Only authentic mexican food in Champaign. It is a little cramped, but the food is absolutely incredible. I can't wait for the new one to open up where the cafe luna used to be. If you are looking for great food at an affordable price, look no further than Maize.
4	First, Maize is very good in the authentic Mexican taqueria tradition. They have a number of grilled or fried items from which to choose, as well as  a couple of good sides like guacamole. On each item, you can choose from the following meats: carne asada, chicken, chorizo, or pastor. My favorite is the flavorful pastor (marinated roast pork). Common co-toppings include a wonderful fresh, salty cheese, salsa fresca, sour cream, and cilantro. A variety of salsa comes with, and each bite of every item is delicious, with or without the salsa, which is very good. Tacos, burritos, tostadas, tortas, tlacoyos, challupas, quesadillas, gorditas, flautas, and huarches are all available. Honestly, they are variations on a theme, rather than distinctively different. Choose your texture. I'm an especially big fan of the tlacoyos (stuff served on top of a piece of grilled chewy flat bread -- you can get the bread fried, but grilled is better). Some of the items do offer interesting add-ons. For example, you can add pumpkin flowers or or mushrooms to the quesadillas.Maize is located in a small converted space, with just a few seats around the main counter and a counter that runs immediately behind along the back wall. Seats are counter stools. At busy times, customers who are waiting for food get packed in too, or wait outside. The parking lot is equally small. We prefer to get our food to go, and it is always well worth the trip. Prices are inexpensive for the quality -- an excellent value.
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had from a restaurant.  Period.
4	Went here with my girlfriend and the staff was very friendly.  She got the chalupas and I got the fajitas. Both dishes tasted amazing!  I could tell that everything was made in house and the cooks took pride in their food.  The atmosphere was hectic but  that's to be expected because it has very limited seating and most of the patrons do carry out.   One of the girls working said they were opening a dine in location at some point.  Sooner is better as I can't wait to sit down to a good meal from here. -one star off for limited parking and very limited seating.
5	Best.Food.In C-U.I realize that the bar is very low, indeed, but this place ROCKS. You will not believe how delicious it is, or how cheap. Go here now.
5	I've eaten mexican in Chicago. I've eaten mexican in southern California. I've eaten mexican in Texas. I've eaten in Oaxaca mexico. This place is right up there. I'll admit the first time I went I was skeptical. It's way too small, and the chips and salsa leave something to be desired (but, seriously, who cares?). Once the food came I was absolutely convinced by the hype. The al pastor buritto was incredible. The flavors were authentic, the meat was moist and delicious, and everything about that burrito told me that this place was a winner. Every time I have been back since the food has been just as good. Tortas, tacos, burritos, flautas, sopes, you name it; this place has it all and it's all fantastic. I have yet to try something that didn't leave me full, satisfied, and waiting to be hungry again so I could come back.This place is sensational. The prices are low and the food is first rate. Just, do yourself a favor and order to go. The place simply isn't big enough to house all the hungry maize addicts trying to get their fix.
5	My brother (Pat E., Elite Yelper, Pancake Lover) suggested we try Maize for lunch instead of our usual SUnday fare (eggs, pancakes). Our stomaches have been programmed to eat brunch style food on Sundays for as long as I remember. I'll be honest, I was a bit nervous going for Mexican, but it turned out to be a great choice!We arrived around 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was jam packed, which is not surprising because it's the size of a panic room. There's about 12-15 seats total in the place, and it's definitely crammed. They are actually in the process of opening up a sit down place in the area, and per one of the workers, it's in the final stages of opening. This was my bro's 2nd time here, so he took the lead. He ordered a ribeye taco, a fish taco, a hultihoche (corn smut) quesadilla, and a steak tlacoyo. The tlacoyo is bascially an open faced taco.I ordered a steak (carne asada taco), a chorizo taco, a pumpkin flower quesadilla, and a pork (pastor) tlacoyo. We both decided to ask for our sour cream on the side for our tlacoyos, because we like being in control, and we wanted to use the SC for other dishes.Only one word can describe my meal: A-MAIZE-ING (I'm sure I'm the first person to use this)!Our food came out promptly. Our drinks were always full, and everything was extremely flavorful, including the salsas that came with our chips (we each had a few).The tacos were topped with cilantro and onions. Quick note: Everything here is made with corn tortillas (get that white crap outta here!) Also, gluten free, if you swing that way. The carne asada was so good, and they didn't skimp on the portion size either! The chorizo was zesty but not spicy, which I preferred. I was expecting it to be sliced up like a sausage, but it was actually ground chorizo. Either way, the tacos were amazing! My only complaint.... too small! But for 2.25 a taco, a very fair price.The pastor tlacoyo was the first dish I actually dove into. Topped with cheese, I added my sour cream quite liberally anyways, and I did not regret it! The pork did not have as much flavor as the other meats, but that's not to say it was bad. Still very good!! I added the darker salsa to the tlacoyo, which may have masked the flavor of the pork, but I'm not sure. You have the option of grilled or fried for this dish, and I went with grilled.Finally, to the quesadilla, my favorite part of the meal. Filled with cheese and pumpkin flower, this was the best tasting dish for me. I also liked how the quesadilla came with lettuce and tomato, which can be placed on top or eaten by itself, which is what I did, along with the lighter salsa. At the end of the meal, I added sour cream to the top, which was amazing!All in all, our 8 dishes added up to 25 dollars. Very reasonable for the amount of food! If you decide to eat here, yes, it's cramped, but I thought it was a cool experience. I thought it was weird how a group of 3 adults came with a baby, and nestled up in the corner. Not really a great place for kids, let alone babies.There were plenty of to go orders being placed and picked up while we were there. They are very fast in the kitchen!Highly recommended! After my last mexican dining experience (Fernando's in Chicago), this was the polar opposite. Great food, service, prices, and memorable, for all the right reasons. I can't wait to head back for my next visit!
5	Disappointed in the Mexican food choices in Champaign? El Sombrero, Dos Unrealness, fiesta of mexico!?. You should be disappointed because the food is mostly just reheated.Ready to level up? Enter Maize. All ingredients are fresh and made on the spot. Seriously you can see the tortilla making presses in the back. I sometimes wonder if they have lettuce and tomato plants back there because it tastes that fresh.I eat here minimum 3 times a week. Not only is this the best Mexican food in town but probably the best food in town.Favorite items? Burrito + Avocado, Fish Tacos, Guacamole, Steak Tacos, Tostadas, Chicken Volcanes... seriously tho... everything on the menu is best. Level Up to Maize.
5	This place has excellent food and service. The people working there are responsive and the service is quick. It is definitely one of the best places to get Mexican food in the area. The food is top-tier, nicely prepared, and authentic. Definitely try the chalupa...fried!However, the dining area is small so I would suggest going on off hours.
5	Absolutely delicious! I had the steak huarache, and loved it. Their horchata is also great (not to sweet). Only downside to this place is the size, however, you can take out. All in all, one of the best Mexican food places in Champaign.
5	Superb Mexican food !!
5	Super awesome, will definitely come back. We both agree this is some of the best Mexican food we have ever had. We got the chicken burrito and chicken chalupas, both were so tasty! We raved about the chips the entire time we were there. They are served with a trio of lime wedges and two different salsas. Ingredients are super fresh, and definitely made to order. Looking forward to the new location with a slightly expanded menu.
4	I went here with my best friend a few weeks ago. The menu is small and the location is even smaller. As a U of I alumni, I have seen many businesses come and go through this location. It is nice to finally see a business that is showing signs of sticking around. The food is simple and delicious. The service is fast and friendly. No complaints and I will definitely be back.
4	This place is hands down the best Mexican food establishment in Champaign, and a top level competitor on a national scale. My first time trying it was in 2012 when my friends and I went on an eating spree to try every Mexican food place on Green street in Champaign's Campustown area. We were highly impressed with the flavor of the steak tacos, and their freshly made tortilla chips. Since then, I've tried a few of the other dishes here too, and the chicken huaraches are my absolute favorite. Their rice is pretty tasty too. I give them 4 stars and not 5 because the place is really small, and sometimes there's no where to sit, and/or there's a long wait to order. When they first opened, the wait time was longer (unless you called in), but now they seem to have gotten that figured out. The service is always good, the girls working there are always nice when we come in. Easily one of my favorite spots for eating in Champaign.
5	Anything you get here is great. Really. I always tend towards the pastor because I am a pork fan, but the chicken or steak are all great too. Whenever someone visits me from out of town, the two places I take them to eat are here and Black Dog.  The only person I have ever known who doesn't like Maize was one of my old roommates... but he also used to put ketchup and cheese on bread and call it a meal, so take that with a grain (or heaping mound) of salt.
5	Best Mexican food on campus!
5	This place is worth every bit of this five star rating. The prices are good and more importantly the food is delicious. The free nachos and salsas make it even better. You can't really go wrong with whatever you get here whether it's a burrito or fajita--it all tastes authentic and way better than any of the other campus restaurants serving Mexican food. Wait times aren't bad and the staff is friendly as well. If there's a place where you want to be known as a "regular", this one's it.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped here for a quick lunch on our way out of town after a short two day trip and man were we impressed. I ordered a pastor taco that was delicious and we shared an order of nachos also delicious! The homemade chips stayed crunchy and held up to the very last bite. He ordered a grilled mushroom quesadilla and loved it as well. We are new to town and will certainly make it a habit of coming here often!
5	This is my absolute favorite Mexican place!  I've tried close to everything on the menu and it has all been amazingly delicious.  I love the sopes, gorditas, and tacos.
4	Maize was one of my go-to lunch places when I lived in Chambana. I'm from New York, so I'm not exactly an expert on Mexican food, but everything I ever got at Maize was excellent--chalupas, gorditas, tacos, and burritos. (The chalupas especially... maybe I should fly back to Champaign for the weekend...) The people working were friendly and the service was prompt. Maize is, food-wise, one of the best places to eat in Champaign-Urbana.The only downside of this place is its tininess. There's room inside for about a dozen people sitting elbow to elbow. I always got takeout, and even standing around waiting for my order I always felt like I was in someone's way. The parking lot is proportionately small too, with only four or five spots, so you may not even be able to park at Maize to get takeout. (Fortunately it's within easy walking distance of campus, and the Green bus line goes right by so you might not have to drive.) If this restaurant were to expand and keep the same menu it would be fantastic.
5	College spot; the menu is not Taco Bell, so if your Spanish is limited (like mine) you better ask questions!
5	I'm changing this review after thinking it over. The food is REALLY good, and they're super nice! Even though the space is small, that's not a reason to take off a star because this place is thee best in Champaign, and closely competing with some great spots in other cities/states as well!
5	I absolutely loved it here. The food was so good and it actually tasted like real Mexican food. The rice water was also very good. I would totally recommend this place!! Minus the fact that it's so small in there.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Chambana!!! And it's pretty plain to see that this is a nearly unanimous consensus. I've been there dozens of time and have had just about every item on the menu -- everything is absolutely delicious! My all-time favorite items are the al pastor torta ahogada and al pastor/carne asada buritto.Growing up in Colorado I've had plenty of delicious Mexican food and I have to say that this is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had!
5	HANDS DOWN MY FAVORITE PLACE IN CHAMPAIGN/URBANA. I have been craving real Mexican food since I've moved out here for school and it definitely fulfills the feeling of real Mexican food. It makes me feel like I'm at home. Good service and fast. I can't wait to visit more times!
5	Let's be clear- the 5 stars is about the food and the service.  This isn't a fancy 5 star restaurant but that's not what the stars mean on Yelp- as we all (should) know!We moved here from Southern California in August, so it's safe to say we've had our share of excellent traditional Mexican food.  Since our first trip to Maize we go there at least once a week- it's so good.BE PREPARED: Parking can be a problem and it's almost always packed.  People frequently come in and order for takeout. In our experience, by the time we order a seat almost always clears up.  We have never taken it to go.  If you eat there, you get free (freshly made!) chips and salsa while you wait for your food.  Since it's just the two of us, we have always been lucky.  If you have a big group, I'd suggest ordering it to go and eating at home or having a picnic.  You can call your order in too, which is nice.The food is always ready super fast, so even if you order to go, you won't wait long.  The staff is extremely kind and happy to answer questions if you're not sure what something is.  I've tried many things on the menu but keep coming back to the tacos- chicken or fish are my fav- because of the RIDICULOUSLY amazing corn tortillas.  So. Good.Word on the street is that they'll be opening a larger location near the Amtrak in Champaign soon.
5	Only once in my life have I ever craved a resturants food all the time. Maize would be the resturant I am talking about. I absolutely love the food!! Every food item I've had has been amazing! So fresh and real! Haha. I come here all the time! The service is great as well.  The servers are always friendly and kind. This place is small and the line is always out the door but it's so worth it!!!!!
5	Best place to eat on campus by far. Authentic food, lots of taste. If you haven't been there, you are missing out.The guacamole is incredible. My favorite things to get are sopes and tlacoyo. Get them fried, trust me.
3	The food is really expensive. They won't let you have different types of flautas in one order. The steak in the flautas is too big so when you bite into the flauta the whole chunk of meat comes out and you are left with a gross hollow thing. I ordered queso fundito, and it was a solid hard thing, not a dip, yet it came with chips? It was like solid, with the pumpkin flowers sandwiched in the middle. They didn't warn us that the prices had gone up when we ordered ahead on the phone. There's nowhere to park. It has a teeny tiny eating area. It's right on campus, so it's overly crowded all day. The good thing is if you order guacamole you get a TON of it.
5	UPDATE: after eating here 10+ times since my initial review, I really like this place. Their tacos are excellent, as are their gorditias.
5	The food is very good. The staff are professional and food is prepared quickly and fresh. I personally enjoy the fish tacos and rib eye tacos, the hand made tortillas really take it to another level. I also like the tostadas with pastor or chorizo, they come with great toppings. And the rice is amazing! Great place for lunch or dinner.
5	I am a taco snob! I am fully aware, but this place absolutely lives up to my expectations. I spent the majority of my 20's in Southern Cali so I've definitely done my research when it comes to tacos. The tortillas are made fresh in the kitchen, the meat is well seasoned and the toppings are perfect! I love the Lomo Mexica (not on the menu) which is basically the grilled cheese rib-eye taco. Yasss honey! The steak, fish, pork and chicken are great too (in that order) I have also tried their sopes which are totally yummy, but the tacos are definitely the main event! Stop by when you have time and patience to deal with the lines and limited seating. If I had to state one downside it would be the chips which are nothing to rave about but hey this place is A1!
4	Saw all the good reviews but was deterred by small seating area and parking lot, finally went there twice this week. I think the food is quite good but maybe a notch below expectation from the reviews. Very friendly staff and reasonable prices. Will go again.
5	Deliciously filling tacos.  I was hesitant to try it but after expressing my gluten "allergy" they seemed receptive to my request for the cook to change gloves before making my food.  I've had no issues with gluten contamination with the tacos (corn tortillas) or the chips and salsa.  Its definitely a local favorite and always packed so calling in carry-out is a great option!
5	Absolutely delicious food.  Huge portions.  Cheap prices.The only downside - it's constantly packed with college kids, and the extremely limited space is quickly overflowing with ugg boots and axe body spray.  Get your order to go.
4	Best AUTHENTIC  Mexican food in CU hands down. Super staff. Very clean. Great variety. Super small place
5	I don't even like Mexican, but I LOVE this place!  Hands down one of the best places to eat in Champaign.  Unbelievable food and also inexpensive!  Everything on the menu is great, but my absolute favorite is the fried tlacoyo with pastor.  Words cannot describe how yummy it is!Chips and salsa come with every order, which makes it possible for me to order one tlacoyo and be full for just FOUR DOLLARS!  Simply Amazing.  I love you Maize.
5	Delightfully filling with quality ingredients. Extremely quick service and low price. I HIGHLY recommend eating here!!
5	Carne Asada tacos - possibly the best I have ever had.  The homemade tortillas are amazing with the queso fundido as well as with the tacos!  The other yelpers are right that it is a tiny place with just counter seating - but it's worth it!  The staff was extremely friendly as well!  Probably not the best place for kids though as it's a more adult taste.
4	Don't get me wrong, the food here is really good, but I just don't think it's amazing like everyone talks about. The guacamole was awesome, but a little pricey in my opinion. Granted, you get a ton of it. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good but didn't live up to the hype.
4	Best Mexican in Champaign, huge affordable menu, very fresh ingredients.  The only minus about this place is the lack of inside seating, it's basically a take out spot.  When they open their spot downtown Champaign I think it will be one of the premier spots in C-U.
5	Great little Mexican place, best for take out.Can't wait until they open the larger restaurant downtown.
2	Hard to find for out-of-towners. It's across the street from Dominos on Green St.  Decently fast service - took just under 10 minutes to get 2 tacos and a deep fried quesadilla (say it like Napoleon Dynamite's grandma). The tacos are somewhat authentic w/ cilantro / lime / onion.  They put mayonnaise (interesting) on under the meat on the tortilla, but it was hardly tasted. My big complaint is the tacos and quesadilla were extremely dry.  They have two salsas - an orange and yellow colored salsa.  The salsa tasted good on the chips, but not good enough or complimentary for the entree.  The girl who took everyone's order was very nice so customer service was good.  Lastly, the restaurant only seats 12-14 people (elbow to elbow) so eat out if you wish.   Ultimately I would not eat here again, but if you read other reviews and decide I'm off my rocker, take it to go and buy an extra bottle of water because your mouth will be dry after eating.
5	Seriously the best mexican food I've ever had. And I've had a TON of authentic mexican, in America and beyond. All you need to know is that this place is legitimately the best mexican food you will ever eat. Personal favorite is steak tacos. UNREAL people. I can't say enough about how much I love Maize!!!!
5	As good as Mexican food gets in Champaign! I like the al pastor and steak tacos. There torta is also delicious! Oh and the salsas are great! Best horchata in town too!
5	This place is amazing! We were driving through Illinois on our way to Wisconsin and read some positive yelp reviews and decided to try Mexican for lunch!Yes, it is very small and you need to wait your turn for seating, but the turnover was quick and once we sat down we got our drinks and free chips and salsa immediately (great chips and two sauces).My husband ordered the carne asada torta ahogada. And it was huge and he said the special spicy sauce was perfect: hot AND tons of flavor. He also ordered the chalupas. There were actually three per plate-it was probably the best shaved pork I've ever had. Either of those dishes alone would have made a substantial size lunch. I ordered the chicken gordita (I think it was supposed to come with beans, but I'm glad it didn't, the chicken was so flavorful and enough on it's own). Lastly (I know we were pigs today!) we had a beef volcane. The volcane was probably our least favorite, but the tortilla it was on, and the cheese it was covered in, were delicious (not soggy at all).Highly recommend for a low-key, cheap, fun, filling meal!
5	Hands down best Mexican food in the Champaign/Urbana area. Everything is very authentic and the recipes are straight from a little town in Mexico. The quality of the meat is superb and they cook everything just right. I highly recommend the Volcanes because they are very unique and flavorful. The best meat is the pastor. You cannot find pastor this good anywhere around here. They marinate it just right. The staff is very kind and provide great service.
4	Food here is good! I have tried different items and have always liked it. It's one of the few good Mexican restaurants in the area. However, the place is just too cramp. There's barely any space to move around and definitely no personal space during busy hours. It's only good for take out.
5	Excellent place. Always crowdy, but they are very quick in service. I always try a different dish when I go there, and not a single dish has failed my expectation yet :-)
4	This place is the best Mexican food I've ever had! Easily the best Mexican food in Champaign.  My only complaint is how small this place is.  They really need to expand and serve alcohol.  Also, since they're so close to campus,  the crowd can be a little unbearable.
5	The best and most authentic mexican food in Champaign!
4	I had heard a lot about Maize before I tried it myself. Everyone who I talked to seemed to have enjoy their meal there, so I was rather excited when I pulled up together with a friend yesterday evening. My first thought was "Wow, they weren't kidding when they said that it's small." It seems like a perfect place to get food to-go and seating is very limited.I ordered a burrito with pastor and my friend ordered torte with pastor. The food was really well priced and arrived at the speed of light! We had a seat at the counter and ate our meals there. The staff quickly served up our Jarritos (before we sat down even) and chips together with a delicious spicy habanero (I think) sauce. We were both satisfied with the burrito and the torte and enjoyed our dinner at Maize. Highly recommended if you're looking for a quick, delicious, affordable meal!
5	Great prices, tasty food and decent service for such a small little building and staff. Bilingual, too, which is great. They were good about bringing chips and a drink while I waited only about 5 minutes for my meal.
4	I'd like to give this place a second shot after an underwhelming first visit. I got some sticker shock (after being told how cheap it was), paying almost $10 for a fish taco and a very small tostada, both of which were good for Champaign, but a bit bland. I'm hoping other menu items will be more fulfilling, and at the very least filling.I'd also assumed that, since they apparently offer free chips and salsa at the restaurant, I would get some with my takeaway order. I was disappointed to find out, upon arriving home with my order, that is not the case, so it felt like an even worse deal than I originally thought. I will definitely give it a second shot now that I know what to expect, but I wish they had their prices listed on the website and that they made it clear you only get chips and salsa with dine-in service. Service was friendly and fast. Parking is horrendous (only a few parking spots, and very limited street parking nearby), but that is no fault of the restaurant; just be aware you might have to circle the block a few times before a spot opens up.
5	My favorite Mexican food. Food, salsa, and chips are all amazing. Price is amazing. If you eat there you can get unlimited chips. Can't find a better Mexican place than this. I wish they would expand and get a bigger place!
4	If you have any bad things to say about this restaurant, then you have issues. Everything on their menu is authentic and fantastic. The only down side I can possibly think of is the fact that it's good is too good, and there will always be a line to place your order for food. But do not let that turn you away! You can always place your order early through phone and pick up your food when you arrive! That's what i do when I am tight on schedule. I honestly cannot recommend any specific dishes because they are all very good! I usually just ask the cashier what they are in the mood for, and I will take that recommendation. The restaurant itself is small so there is very little chance that you can actually sit down to eat on site. But if you do, definitely have their chips and salsa. They are worth every second of wait! They also provide some authentic Latino drinks that you do not usually see everywhere else!The price for the restaurant is definitely reasonable. It may be a little out of students way, but definitely worth the effort, especially if the weather is getting better!
5	Great food!  Love the guac and hot salsa.  I wish they could get more parking spaces, and hopefully they get that other location open soon!
5	Cinco Estrellas?? That does not do this place justice. This jawn is Heisenberg level Mexican cuisine, at a Los pollos hermanos price point.Every time I have eaten at maize, the food has been consistently fresh & consistently delicious. The proportions are generous, with no corners cut that I can tell ( except lettuce at the bottom of the guacamole to make it appear as a larger quantity, but that's common practice everywhere)The only thing this place needs to do is obtain a bigger space or open another location.. It kinda cramps my style
5	LOVE this place. Don't let its small size or hole-in-the-wall style intimidate you. Their steak burritos are the best in town (in my opinion). Great value (burrito and chips are under $6) when weighting portions, price, and quality. And you get fresh, warm, homemade chips and their own unique salsa free with every burrito order. Their service is quick and their staff is friendly. Townies know to call ahead and order your food if you are going to do takeout. Then when you get there you can just walk right in, pay, and leave! If your in Chambana and havent tried this place you are missing out!
3	There steak taco was good,but I wish that didn't put cabbage in the lettuce because I don't like cabbage. I like there chips and salas.  I wish they low there prices.
5	Maize has the best Mexican food on campus hands down. Everything I have tried there has been nothing but delicious. The service is fast and friendly, the price is relatively inexpensive, and anything you order comes with chips and salsa, making it a great value! I would recommend ordering to go because of the small size of the restaurant. Would love to see these guys expand into a larger space!
5	I could write a really long review about this place but I'm going to be short and sweet.  I've traveled through all 50 states and eaten at a ton of great restaurants.  This little dive in the middle of Illinois is on my top ten list.  I happened to see this place on yelp when I was working in town and I just had a feeling it was going to be good.  But it exceeded every expectation.  They are the real deal!  Every single thing I've tried there was absolutely phenomenal!  And they aren't just serving up the basic tacos and burritos.  No they do gorditas, chalupas, tlacoyas, and much more!  The salsa is homemade and is awesome too!  Simply put, if you live in Champaign or are traveling through it or anywhere near it this place is a MUST!!!!!!!
4	Yes, this place is small, but the food is flavorful.  Very fast and affordable.  I'd recommend the steak burrito and chicken flautas.  Why eat fast food (Taco Bell) when you can eat here?
4	YUM YUM YUM!I would have to say they have the best Mexican food on campus!They have everything from tacos and burritos to flautas and tortas. I can't even put into words how delicious everything thing is. I really wish I could give them 5 stars but can't because of their limited seating areas, such small store space, and limited parking. Really, other than that. It's wonderful :)
5	Just passing through on our way from WI to Indy, we stopped because of the positive yelp reviews and we were trying to make time on our trip.  A few things stand out:1.). Yes the place is small...however we found seating as soon as we ordered as the turnover was quick +12.). The staff was very friendly +13.). Chips and salsa were delivered almost instantly (and free) when we sat down and noticed that's the standard here.  The chips were firm and thick, solid combo with the spicy two salsas they served +24.).  Prices and food both good, bordering on great! +1 (I had the burrito and a taco americano with chorizo, the burrito was delish and would have been enough by itself )5.). Speed - we were in and out in 20-30 mins
4	Great Mexican food in the Chambana area. What is particularly wonderful is the freshness of the ingredients used in the food. Burritos and tacos are on the menu of course, but the carne asada and fajita plates are wonderful.Parking is difficult (there are only a few spots) and at times there may be a long line, takeout service is quick - you can also call ahead and your order will be ready for pick-up when you arrive.
1	Dear Maize, On planet earth, a torta is a crispy bolillo roll with various fillings, a kind of a sandwich that one holds in one's hands and sinks one's teeth into. It really doesn't matter if you can point to some group of earthlings who recognize a torta by any designation to be presented as a soppy, glue-like, waterlogged roll to be eaten out of a bowl with a spoon. There are exceptions to all good things, and your decision to serve a sandwich as a soggy concoction floating in broth makes your taqueria is one of them.
3	Came here when they were about to close & they gladly served us. Prices are cheap. Didn't really find anything special about the tacos but maybe cause I'm from Texas & also I got it with the standard corn tortilla. (It is called Maize though so kinda of makes sense. Lol) I think you may be able to ask for flour tortillas though.
5	Maize has become something of an obsession for me and many of my friends. We love the tacos there and the consensus is that Maize will be the food of Champaign-Urbana that we miss the most when we move away. (This says a lot because it won out over campus bars with sentimental value, downtown bars with good food/alcohol, Papa Dell's and many other venues.) The place is small, so we tend to call in our order and show up to pick it up. When we've ordered on site, there was usually a line, but the wait was never too long and the food was always worth it. Our favorite item there is the fish tacos, but we also enjoy the chips and salsa. This is definitely the top Mexican place in my opinion and it is super affordable and tasty.
5	My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in the Champaign-Urbana area (and perhaps of all-time). The ingredients of every entree are fantastically fresh, the food is very quickly served, and the service is fantastic. The menu is extremely simple to navigate, and the ladies who work the register are very kind and helpful. On most days, I eat the veggie burrito here, and I'm always elated to eat it. It's cheaper than Chipotle, and that much tastier!Do note that the restaurant is extremely small, so seating may be tough to find at peak hours, but it is 100% always worth the wait.I made it a point to go to this restaurant weekly instead of attending one of my lectures. That was one of the best decisions of my life.
5	I absolutely love this place. Best Mexican food in CU hands down. I order the chips an guacamole to start, and then the chicken fajitas as an entree. The portions are huge and I had enough for 2 meals. The food was so satisfying and delicious. My boyfriend and I got lucky and actually got a seat at the window, but I always carry out. Their horhata is also very delicious, I come here all the time.
5	The guacamole. The carne asada gorditas. The pumpkin flower fried quesadilla. All unbelievably good. Every time I eat there I leave full and spend so little money. Keep it up Maize! You are helping change the food scene in CU!
4	Had the asada tlycao here very good for afternoon but not too filling. The tlycao comes with a special sour cream and a taco with black beans processed into the taco itself which is quite tasty. The tylcao was good and we got seats so that was a plus. Better though for takeout.
1	i have really high hope for this place, but 2day my experience is somehow very disappointed. i ordered the tacos and the pork came out to be so chewy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i dont know whats going on and the sauce is bland... i may going back again just because this place seem to be popular and yelp give them high score but i dont know... maybe 2day is just not my day...
5	I travel for a living and have probably eaten at over a hundred Mexican restaurants AND I just got back from Mexico, yet Maize is seriously one of the top 5 Mexican restaurants I've been, maybe even top 3. Wow! There are 2 hot sauces served with chips, the red one is ok but the more yellow one is UNREAL. Delish! Very unique sauce!!!Guacamole and chips: A+They have real Mexican sodas like Jaritos and Coca Cola (made with cane sugar, not high fructose corn syrup as in the US recipe).The tacos were the best! I'm sure the tortillas are hand made. Yum! There is very limited seating (less than 20 spots) so it's hard to get in but the wait is well worth it. Thanks for having such high standards,  Maize; we the (eating) people appreciate it!
5	Came here once with my friends and will definitely come back for more. The tacos are amazing and my favorite is fried chicken quesadilla. Their salsas are delicious and spicy enough for my taste. The place is quite small, so we just ordered take out. And the price is quite certainly right for the quality food they're serving here.
5	I wanted to cry from happiness when I bit into my burrito--it was that good.This is by far THE BEST food I've had in the Chambana area.  I had the horchata along with my meal as well and it was delish!  Definitely a step up from Chipolte, and a better deal, too.  You get chips and salsa packaged with your meal for free!
5	Inexpensive and delicious. Bright cheerful counter with pretty green tiles and helpful servers. The fresh tortillas make everything delicious. Loved the chalupa and the yellow salsa was fresh and unusual. Well worth the two mile drive from the highway for such a pleasant meal.
4	Awesome, fast, cheap. Great food, quick service. 4/5 because its super, super, SUPER cramped in there!
5	Very delicious. My sister said: muy deliciouso My wife said: 5 starsGood traditional food. Very very small inside. Nice size portions.Loved it overall, I'll be coming back. Note: confusing terms in the menu, due to authentic atmosphere, ex: pastor = porkTry it! You'll never find a chain this good.
5	Best Mexican food in town! Park somewhere else and walk up for your food though, spaces are limited and it fills up fast. Totally worth the trouble, and a great place to bring visitors.
4	so i revisited this place yesterday during lunch and i was really satisfied with my food!~ yummy yummy juicy pork tacos and complimentary chips & salsa! yeahhhhhhh i ate so much (4 big tacos down my stomach in like 10 minutes - i should definitely sign up for a eating competition or something haha~)
5	I have had a lot of tacos, these are probably the best. The exterior leaves much to be desired and seating is nil, but the hassle is well worth the incredible food. I strongly recommend the chorizo sope and the guacamole.
4	Very small place but well worth squeezing in. We had tacos and tostadas both were excellent.
1	Everything here is fantastic except the food. I like the fact that it is a small venue and there is a few seats for the patrons. The staff here is extremely friendly and kind. The service is fast when there isn't a long wait. The food is terrible. I ate here a few times last week and each time it was disappointing. The meat (steak) was flawed on many levels. It is a poor cut, not carne asada but something cheaper. The burrito here is small and there is very little meat to begin with. I also tried the tacos and they too were bland. The guacamole is alright and the sauces add some flavor. I am not sure why everyone thinks, writes highly of this place. The owner should do justice and actually use descent meat and not rubbish. You are not doing a service to anyone except your bank account. Sad. TBK would be put this place to shame.
4	Awesome for eat in, and mostly for take out too. Fast, cheap and friendly.When will they open in downtown champaign?
5	OMG! I love Maize. My only sadness is that I can't eat wheat and corn right now - making Mexican food hard to stomach. But - the quesadlla with mushrooms and chicken! And the tlacoyo with pastor - the best! They're really fast and friendly. Highly recommend.
5	Restaurant review:Simply delicious. Yelp was spot on that this location has likely the freshest high quality mexican food that may top the best in the US. It was so busy 30 minutes into opening that we had to take our food to go. There is a wide selection of authentic mexican dishes. I ended up with a selection of tacos (steak, pork, and carnitas). Although they were soggy by the time I got home, the ingredients were so fresh and the flavor was perfect. Not too salty and rich in flavor. The prices are perfect a lot cheaper than Rick Bayless Xoco. I just wish it was easier to find parking or even space to eat in. You get chips and 2 types of salsa for free as well even if you are getting carry out. I was surprised I only got 1 bag even with four entrees. I will have to make sure I ask for more next time. Overall this is probably the best mexican restaurant I have ever been toPro: delicious mexican authentic and fresh Cons: very small parking lot and equally small dining areaHidden gem:Free salsa and chips
4	Solid a la carte taco joint. Quick friendly service and good, reasonably priced food. I'll be back.
5	Best Mexican food place in champaign. Everyone needs to eat here!! Seriously!! Their tacos are bomb.
5	It really doesn't get better than this when it comes to Mexican in champaign.  From their chorizo burritos and nachos to the tortas and tacos, this place is worth braving that long line that snakes out the door into sub zero temps.  Maize always hits the spot (sadly, even when you occasionally find a bit of bone in the chicken.)
5	Food is tasty, service is great but the seating capacity and parking need to be addressed. I'm surprised this place hasn't expanded b/c they do have great food. But the dining feels like i'm eating in a packed standing elevator. If you choose to dine in, try to go before peak hours or after.The price is a bit expensive but worth the money.
4	Ok so Maize is the most highly rated place on Yelp at UIUC for all cuisines. Combine this with the word-of-mouth it gets around campus and my liking of Mexican food, it was a must try.I came in to order take-out on a Wednesday at 5pm. The place was pretty busy with lots of call in orders, pick-ups and even a few people eating in the small sitting area. It was bustling!I grabbed a menu and took nearly 5 minutes to decide what I wanted. I wanted to try a little bit of everything but still order what I usually would. I finally decided on the Torta Aghoada (asada) and a Taco Americano (pastor). The Torta Aghoada wasn't exactly what I was expecting and part due to my own ignorance. I thought for sure what I was getting was going to be flat with all the ingredients on top. Nope, my memories of high school Spanish deceived me and the torta is a sandwich. I got it confused with a tostada....d'oh! Regardless, I had never had anything like it even in the south suburbs of Chicago where I'm from (maybe I should have Mexican more often). The sandwich was piled with carne asada, beans, cheese, avocado spread, lettuce sour cream and spicy sauce. Unfortunately, the spicy sauce was very overwhelming and I wasn't able to embrace all the flavors of the torta, especially the avocado spread and the meat. In all fairness, I was warned that it was spicy, so I can't complain about it!I also ordered a pastor (pork) taco Americano. I guess the Americano taco comes with more than just a traditional Mexican taco, namely lettuce and maybe even cilantro or onions. This was surprisingly good. The pork had great flavor and didn't taste overly salty. The only thing this taco needed was sour cream!Also included with my take-out order was salsa and chips. I got 2 little cups of salsa and a small bag of chips, which was enough for me since I had ordered a pretty large amount of food, but may not be sufficient for a group of people. The chips were surprisingly good and didn't taste like they were out of a bag. The red salsa was too liquidy to eat just with the chips, but had great flavor. I enjoyed the spiciness and consistency of the darker salsa, but didn't like the taste as much. Either way, they were both decent.I really enjoyed my food from Maize. It's not the crappy Mexican you pay $1/taco for and its also not Rick Bayless expensive, but does sit very well towards the better side of those two and the portion size is very good (I was stuffed after eating everything). I will definitely be back in to try some of their other things. A fair warning though, the menu inside is a little different from the one online (maybe it changes?).
4	Good authentic Mexican food. I was a little worried when I pulled up because of how small the place is but it was good. Thank you Yelp for leading me here.
5	The best Mexican in Champaign hands down. Fast, great value, and a good spot to dine in as long as it's not peak hours (it gets cramped fast).
5	Never disappoints, the carne asada burrito is delicious. The service is fast and friendly. You probably should take it to go though, not much seating.
5	Small restaurant and relatively long queue, but they serve at blazing speed! The chorizo burrito is cheap and tasty.
5	I love this place! Try the tlacoyo if you haven't. With a side of rice and beans, you got yourself a meal. The tlacoyo with al pastor is my favorite. The meat is really flavorful. Mmmm. It's topped with cream, cotija cheese, and cilantro. It's delicious!
4	I have had the beef burrito and the amazing melted cheese, and felt both of them are sooooo good!
5	I'm from San Diego, CA. We generally have the most authentic Mexican food in that part of the country. Maize is the most authentic you can get in the Midwest. Everything about the food is really good. And the service is quick, friendly and the restaurant is really clean.
5	Fantastic food! Gluten-free friendly, too!My wife and I went there on a whim in between appointments at Carle Hospital. I got two carne asada tacos and she got a chicken taco americano. Good stuff! I grew up in Phoenix, AZ and recently spent 18 mos in Southern California for work and this is the only place in C-U that I have eaten at in which I don't feel like I'm settling for inferior/americanized food. Tasty, authentic and very friendly. My only complaint is that there is so little seating we can't take our kids there to eat - we'll have to do takeout.
5	The burritos are amazing. Everyone needs to go here and try it. It is so good and the management is awesome!
3	I came here on a Saturday for lunch and it was packed so we took our food to go. By the time I was able to eat my torta ahogada, it had already soaked up all the spicy sauce it was swimming in and was soggy and quickly disintegrating. Normally I'm pretty tolerant to spicy foods but all I could taste was spicy. My friend got 3 fish tacos, which were super tiny. He was still hungry afterwards so he had san other full meal. Overall, it did not live up to all the good reviews I kept reading about on Yelp.
5	Everything I have gotten from here has tasted amazing. Maize doesn't have much indoor seating and there aren't many parking spots. They always have a long line. Despite all these cons, you can never go wrong when ordering food here. They handle long lines really well. That have gotten used to long lines. My favorite thing to get here is their torta de milanesa. Their chips are really good; They might be a little greasy for some people but I can't get enough of them. They give you two different types of salsa with your food and both of them are really good. Their menu is simple and easy to understand. They also have your classic Mexican sodas. The prices of all their food is cheep. I would pay more for the quality of the food they provide. I hope that in the future they expand their restaurant because the food, service, and environment is really good. If you don't know what to get you should try their quesadillas.
4	Great food but not much room for dining in. Definitely a great option for carryout. Service is great. The employees are very friendly. You can't go wrong ordering anything on the menu!
1	Food was absolutely terrible. It looked like a child made it. We also were missing food as well. Spent $30 worth of food...called them and asked for a refund and they put me on a long hold. Definitely will not be going back. Was my first time going there and will be the last. Luckily after talking to the staff they took care of it. Make sure you check your food at the restaurant before you leave.
5	FIve stars for the tacos.  Four for everything else (except parking and seating, those each deserve one star).
4	Good, cheap, and fast food. Sometimes they pack a little too fast and the aluminum foil goes inside my burrito.
5	I have been in Champaign for two years. Having been raised in Los Angeles and lived in West Texas I've had a taste of many types of Mexican foods. Maize is the real deal. Authentic, flavorful, and addictive. I love this place. It's not for those on a diet or looking for light substitutes--the plates are meaty, and sometimes greasy. I have tried almost everything on their menu and everything is good. My favorite are the tacos Mexica--it's like a quesadilla taco. Amazing!
5	Best Mexican food in town. Very authentic. The steak tacos are amazing.  I recommend this place to anyone.
5	The place is super small. I tried to do take outs everytime I visit. The food is ready literally less than 10 mins after you order. Try their pastor (taco, burrito, etc) it's soo good!! They also have this thing called ghost pepper which is really really spicy and you have to ask for it. My friend bet me $50 to eat it, and I did! It was not spicy - it was painful! Do not attempt!
4	A tiny spot on Green St just before the main part of Campus Town.  All counter space seats, and just a handful at that.  So you either are lucky to get a seat, or take it to go.  Service is friendly and knowledgeable with recommendations.  Food comes out piping hot before you know it.  Huge burritos, tortas, tostadas, flautas, etc, with some tacos and other various Mex offerings.  A torta is more of a pressed sandwich.  The chorizo is great, and the spicy torta is amazeballs.  Swimming in spicy pan drippings.  An excellent spot for anybody, but especially as a lunch spot for students during the school year.  So while the U of I is in session, this place is always packed.  Luckily I am usually up this way during the Christmas break and it is really chill.  One of the better spots in Chambana for a great lunch.
4	Maize is good, but the hype has gotten out of hand. Their burritos are average - I mean, they are above-average for this area, but in general they are just okay. Kind of loosely wrapped, which is disappointing.Chips and salsa are good.Tacos seem fairly standard.Perhaps the issue is that there is so much mediocre Mexican food around. I heard rave reviews about here, and have tried them a couple of times, but they are just good in my opinion. So, this is a local 4 (I'd rather have Huaraches) and if I'm judging it against legit Mexican in other areas of the country, it's probably a 3.
4	In town from New Hampshire where they are short on authentic Mexican restaurants. My wife and I pushed our way into this tiny place and found seats at the counter. The guacamole was terrific and came in handy later. She played it safe and had a taco, I gambled on the Torta Ahogada with chorizo which the woman behind the counter described as VERY spicy. It was. My eyes were watering before I had eaten a forkful and my lips are still burning. But it was so worth it--like a super hot Mexican French Dip. Only their heavenly guacamole could ease the heat. The two meals with soft drinks and tip came to $25. Yeah. $25. Wow!
