5	I moved from  Massachusetts over 15 years ago and I've been searching for the authentic New England food that they serve here since I left. Specifically their lobster rolls and fried clams. The lobster rolls contains a generous amount of  large pieces of lobster lightly dressed and served on a toasted roll, a bargain at $12 . The fried clams are full bellied Ipswich clams that are lightly battered. Most west coasters have no idea how wonderful real fried clams are. Do yourself a favor and try them here. I've been told that their clam chowder is fantastic as well.
3	I love just about anything with lobster. Lobster bisque, lobster pot pie, grilled lobster, lobster mac & cheese, lobster ravioli, lobster salad... if it's got lobster, chances are I'm going to like it. In a way, it's kind of like bacon. You can add it to just about anything and it instantly makes a dish better. So, when I heard Not Your Average Deli had lobster rolls I was excited to try one. Now, I'm not talking about lobster 'sushi' rolls... I'm talking about a sandwich roll filled with a lobster/mayonnaise mixture. I've never had a true New England lobster roll but have had a few in Maryland so I had a little bit of an idea of what to expect.NYAD is located on Sunset just north of the 215 and off of Decatur in the same strip mall as Phat Phrank's. It's a small space that has few decorations except for a few nets with lobsters lining the walls and a few pictures. It definitely has that New England vibe in a sort of minimalist way.As for the food... well, the lobster roll was very tasty but it was a little smaller than what I expected. For $11.99 I was hoping for a large sandwich overflowing with lobster. Instead I got what amounted to a 5 or 6 inch sub with a decent, but not mind-blowing, amount of lobster. I devoured it in a couple minutes and it still left me hungry. It's also served with fries (which were delicious) and cole slaw.They do get extra points for making a half sandwich for my son (for $3.59) even though they don't have a kids menu. They were more than happy to accommodate him instead of forcing me to buy a whole sandwich for him. His ham and cheese was really good -- sliced ham with american cheese on wheat bread that was grilled.I would definitely consider coming back to try other sandwiches or even have the lobster roll again. But for that price it's not something I would do often, just when I'm in need of  a lobster sandwich fix.3.5 stars
2	I saw this place by my work when I was looking for a place for lunch, so I thought I'd try it out.  I got the lobster roll since it's not something you'd find in Vegas, and my gf got the a small sized "Hail Mary" sandwhich.  Both the lobster roll and Hail Mary were the same size, so I was pretty disappointed when I got my sandwhich.  The cole slaw that you get with it was pretty average.  It wasn't horrible, it wasn't memorable, just something else to eat since the lobster roll wasn't that good.  The only thing I liked were the fries, but that's probably because it was fried, and how can you not like something fried?  The Hail Mary was also disappointing since it tasted pretty bland.  I don't think I'd be coming back...  but if I did, I'd just get something ordinary like roast beef or turkey.  The staff was really nice though, and that's probably the only reason I gave it an extra star.
4	Before my latest trip to Las Vegas, I had read some current reviews by Yelpers about this restaurant, which has now been open for just over a year. I had gone to their website and their prices seemed very, very reasonable. This was one place I really wanted to try on this trip....Atmosphere... despite the Fish Netting hung on the wall and some trinkets from the Seashore... is very Spartan. The restaurant is set in a small Strip Mall. Everything... and I mean EVERYTHING... is served on Paper Plates or Paper Baskets with Plastic Utensils. Kinda cheapens the meal....What I ordered...Sea Scallop Plate (**** $9.59) Six 2" diameter x 1" High succulent breaded Scallops fried to a golden-brown. On a bed a French Fries (****) fried the old-fashioned way... in a Paper Basket. With a side of Coleslaw in a 2" diameter plastic container... might as well been nothing at all. Loved the Scallops... on a Paper-Basket?!?! Reminds me more of something you'd see at a takeout place at a Pier or at the Beach. I have to remind the owners... this is a Sit-Down restaurant!Clam Chowder 16oz (*** 1/2 $5.99) Clam Chowder, although very savory and very flavorful... was kinda Watery! Served in a Styrofoam Cup! Tasty, but was cheapened by the Styrofoam! But the Styrofoam goes with the Paper Plates...Got to try...Maine Lobster Roll (**** 1/2 $11.99) I know anything with Lobster is EXPENSIVE... but 1 Penny short of $12.00 is... like... VERY EXPENSIVE! Served on a thin-roll.Pulled Pork Sandwich (**** 1/2 $6.99) Very good flavor! But... again... kinda small, if I ordered it.Value (** 1/2) Yeow! This place is for the mini-me kind of Appetite. I would have to order two to three orders just to be satiated... But, that's me, unfortunately.In Summary: The Subs / Sandwiches are a good value... for Petite-Sized Appetites. When you delve into the Seafood, which is the hallmark of this establishment... that's when things get EXPENSIVE and the Value is almost Non-Existent. (****) for the Average Appetite kind of person. (***) which is definitely not me.BTW, BEFORE you order anything... peruse the daily menu notices located at the front of the order counter. I missed out on, the day I was there... a Pulled Pork Sandwich, a Meat Pie.... you just might like the Daily Menu more than the static menu items.
5	Having been raised on Cape Cod, I know my seafood! This place is VERY reasonable priced for seafood and the fried clams/lobster roll & clam chowder are DELISH, PERFECT. Could not get the portion size for the price on Cape Cod!! We live in the northwest area of Vegas, quite a distance from the restaurant, but we try to frequent it as often as possible ( wish they stayed open later in eve). My 2 yr old grandson LOVES the fried clams so that tells you how sweet and tender they are NOT chewy and not just the strips, it is the WHOLE clam a rare find in the desert.
4	I decided to come here because I found their coupon in my entertainment book, they are close to my office, and they had favorable Yelp reviews. I like that it is locally owned and operated. I enjoy spending my money in small business/family owned establishments. One recommendation to the Deli would be to put up a menu board. Since it was my first time there I didn't know what I wanted, but I had to wait until I got to the counter to even look at a menu that was taped to the top of the counter. I felt pressure to order quickly because of the line behind me and they didn't seem to have menus available to browse while in line. I ordered the Clam Chowder Bowl and the Country Club with Pasta Salad. The Clam Chowder was very good. Not amazingly spectacular, but average and I would order it again. Can't wait for the weather to get cold because knowing good warm clam chowder is near by makes me happy! The Club was great! Fresh ingredients in the correct portions. Excellent flavor. The pasta salad was just average. Pasta + a dressing. Good flavor, but I like "stuff" in my pasta salad. Maybe my portion just was missing the "stuff." I would definitely recommend this deli to others. I will be back to try more seafood menu items.
4	I don't know why everyone doesn't LOVE this place.  The staff is the best and the New England specialties are so Down East.  We only went there because Hawaiian Kitchen is closed, but when we saw the New England menu, we were hooked.  It is almost IMPOSSIBLE to get full-bellied clams outside of the Northeast.  I doubt if my husband will ever eat anything else there as he loves these clams so much.  I had the Lobster Roll (no it's not huge, but it's not $20 either.  You are not going to get more lobster for that price eating at a pier in Maine!) the first time and the Fish (Cod) and Chips the second time.  Both were great.  The Fish was crispy and succulent.  I was just sorry that I gave my third piece of fish to my husband.  I certainly could have eaten it myself.  I happen to ADORE the coleslaw.  Just the right mix of mayo and vinegar.  I did finish off my husband's portion, too!We don't live close by, but we will make a trip when the seafood craving strikes us.
5	I moved here from New England 4 years ago and the thing I miss the most is the authentic seafood and mainly the full belly clams.  I had the clam roll, it was great and they even have the stand up hot dog buns!  The clam chowda was very good, made in house.  I will definitely be back to try the lobsta roll.
4	This is the perfect lunch spot if you're in the mood for some homemade mom/pop type sandwiches. I originally stumbled upon this place when i had a sudden urge for a lobster roll.  Instead of paying $20+ at a fancy restaurant on the strip, I did a little research and this was the first place that popped up.I must say the lobster roll is quite delicious.  The lobster pieces are very generous and prepared very well.  What gets me is the new England toast they use which is nicely toast but still soft enough where it doesn't hurt your gums.I also often come here for their new england clam chowder bread bowl.  That bowl of soup is perfect for rainy days or gloomy weather and it fills you right up.Only downfall, the price is a tad bit high but where are you going to find this type of food?
4	The perfect lunch spot indeed! Friendly staff that seem genuinely happy to see me every time I visit. The menu consists of everything you could ask for in a lunch setting (hot and cold sandwiches, soup, dogs and seafood!).  It's just a quick drive from my office, so I usually frequent a few times a  month.  I'm always able to grab a table even when the place seems packed!  And bonus points for the awesome pic they have hanging up of past NBA greats getting their grub on.  #whatdude?
2	My first visit was for the ipswich clams,they were outstanding,however, my second visit for the ipswich clams was a total disaster they were very tough and tasted LOUSY Also no AC They said it wasn't working,same answere on my first visit.
