4	It was my first time at the venue, and I was pleased with the show. It has good variety of performers, and very diverse acts. It features couple of stand up comics, it had a female poll dancer, a musical impersonator who's a comic as well. Over all very good show, it'd be worth your time if you are looking for a smaller scale spectacle. Since I live in Las Vegas I picked up the tickets for free on the "show tickets 4 locals" website. They make you purchase at least one drink during the show, but the prices are low compared to the casino bars and restaurants. $8 for a stella or newcastle.The two things I didn't like there, first they don't have tables and you have to hold your drink till you finish it. Second, all the chairs are on one level and the rows are too close to each other, so if there's a tall person sitting in front of you it might be a little uncomfortable.
1	I didn't mind the seating although the waitresses do have to pass by and it can be a little tight.  but my favorite part of the show was the burlesque show in between comics. Maybe it was just the night we went but the comedians got a few chuckles out of me but I expect to laugh hard with tears at a comedy club!  and the drinks I ordered a strawberry margarita , I got a  regular lime one she was like "oh yeah Uhm I forgot you want them to add some strawberry flavor to it"  "Uh No thanks I wanted strawberry not strawberry just added to a messed up margarita" so I just left it alone, the flavor was good but no alcohol I know this because I'm a light drinker and I feel the alcohol fast and this had absolutely no affect on me.  Maybe if they made the drinks with alcohol the comedians would seem funnier.  and after all of that a week later when I checked my statement I was over charged and am now fighting the charges with my bank. So I was not really happy with my experience!
1	Disappointing - very odd configuration for a comedy club and the comedians were mediocre at best.  I wouldn't go back if the tickets were free
1	Great place for perhaps the lousiest cocktail service on the Strip. Next time I want my card to walk off for half hour with no drinks delivered, I'll know exactly where to go. Nice dumb explanation as well, not to mention double the card authorizations, neither one of which for the correct amount. Decent Nirvana tribute show kinda ruined by total ineptitude. Won't be back.
