1	If you want your order to be correct, call another franchise. They do not listen, forget to include the additional items in the delivery, but NEVER forget to charge you for them! We ordered 2 Pizzones, only one came, then the "manager" (I'll use the term loosely) gave us attitude when we called back to complain. She had the Pizzone redelivered, AN HOUR LATER, without so much as an apology!! I hate hate hate this Pizza Hut!
1	I love Pizza Hut, it's just this specific location that upsets me.  First of all, there's a lady there named Donna and she has messed up our order once and honest to #$%* takes forever to do something.  She's just not very bright.  Sorry bout it. Another thing, the bathroom in there was nightmarish scary, and the whole restaurant smelled terrible when it should smell like delicious pizza and stuff.  I love Pizza hut and I will continue going there because it's the closest one to my house, but not as often as I would probably.  Side note, I love the p'zone's but only cheese ones, and it makes me an extra happy customer when the workers (never at this location) offer putting in more cheese at no charge to make up for the lack of ingredients.OH and another important thing, backing up that the lady there is not very bright.  She once told us that they were "out" of P'zones, like they come in frozen or something.  I'm pretty sure they make them by hand, fresh, do they not??  I mean, they don't even offer only cheese ones as a menu option, so if they came in frozen don't you think that would be impossible to order one??   Sonofabitch...
2	Meh!
1	Is zero stars an option?Delivery took over an hour and a half. When the pizza arrived it was cold.
1	This has to be one of the worst experiences of my life.  Following reasons are below. 1.  Took over 90 minutes for my food so the soda was warm and the pizza/wings were cold.  2.  The driver couldn't get into my gate with my code.  Then I spoke to the manager and advised I would be coming down stairs and the driver wasn't even there.3.  I specifically said no onions and there we onions.  I will never ever order from there again.  If I could give them a half star I would.
