3	We bought a certified pre-owned Chrysler Crossfire here and the service was Pretty Good for a car dealership.  There were a few issues but the dealer did the right thing and corrected them in a timely manner.  GOOD stuff coming from a car dealer.  Service dept. not as good.  As a chrysler/dodge dealer I was amazed they were a bit ill equiped to handle the Crossfire.  My service advisor told me it was because the Crossfire was new to them, its odd that this car has been in production since 2004.   There always seems to be an issue with the deductible in my warranty as well.  So far I love the car, Id buy one there again there again, mabey service it elsewhere.
1	Not happy...not happy at all. When will service organizations realize that it really takes so little to keep a customer happy? I have been trying for DAYS...DAYS...to contact the Service Manager to talk about my recent experience (which totaled over $1,000, by the way). I was not happy with my recent service, and I do not even know what I want, except that I know that I WANT to talk about it with someone who has the influence to improve it!!! So now, what could have been a simple conversation, is escalated to me telling my fellow Yelpers that these people PISS ME OFF! I have been patient to this point.  I did not complain when it took nearly one entire day to complete an oil change.  One friggin' day!  And it took five (5) days to complete this most recent work (of a water pump replacement).  Hellooooo!?  How do you people think I am getting to and from work!?Oh, and maybe you could call me to let me know the status!?  Why do I always have to call YOU!?I hate 'em.
2	OK, to be fair, I have to let you know that the Service Manager called me, literally, as I hit "Post" on my review. I do not think that I received an equitable arrangement for my issue, however, even though the Service Manager was kind enough to meet me on a Saturday and listen to my complaint. Humph, they offered to repair another part (at cost) that I was not even aware needed to be repaired! So technically I entered with a $1,000 grievance, and left with a $1,150 grievance. I appreciate the effort but...will just not return.
3	I tweeted asking for a place that would service my '08 Dodge Caliber, and they had the best offer. I feel I was treated professionally, and got a fair price for the oil change and car inspection I needed. Unfortunately, some of the recommendations for future repair had inklings of tales of "Johnson Rods" or other mechanical snake oil.Still, as a first time car owner, that's probably just par for the course. I'm pleased with the service I got, and am only taking that into account.
1	Only been here to have my car serviced...and it was a fiasco. Albeit, the employees were friendly, the service was crap. Initially brought by 300SRT8 in for an oil change, repair of door handle (which literally just fell off when I opened the door), replacement lights on the display panel and a tire rotation.  I purchased an extended warranty when I bought the vehicle so I was planning on having to pay for just the deductible, oil, and tire rotation. Well, they never entered my warranty contract into the system. I had to go through my paperwork (they kept insinuating that I was lying about the extended warranty), have them enter the information and was forced to make another service appointment for the following day (I had taken the day off to deal with this, so now I had to miss 2 days of work).  With no complaints, brought the car back the following day. It took two days to repair (by the way, I had to pay $400+ for the door handle, apparently it doesn't qualify as a mechanical part- just trim) and when I picked it up, the only thing that had been fixed was the door handle. They had to order the back lights for the display panel and I had to schedule another appointment.  I bit my tongue, and brought it back in again. The lights were finally fixed. While filling up at the gas station on the way home, I realized that my tires hadn't been rotated and that a wheel cap was missing off of my 22" rim. I called to let them know that a piece was missing and I was told that it could not have been their fault because they did not rotate the tires (which they charged me for anyway).  After a month of emails back and forth with the service advisory, I was finally told that they would pay for the wheel cap and have it sent out (I had to persistently bug them for a response). Mind you, this all occurred in mid August. It is December 1st and I have still yet to receive the part that they lost and told me they would replace. Horrible customer service. HORRIBLE. Yes, friendly, but I'd rather the employees be rude and efficient rather than friendly and incompetent. Avoid the hassle. Go to Bill Luke Chrysler Jeep instead, the extra drive is worth not having the headache.
1	Again, another two weeks have passed since I went into the dealership to complain in person after I was repeatedly dismissed and not help through email or over the phone. I spoke with Tina Escoto in management of the service department. Again, very nice, but as useful as tits on a bull.  I was told to follow her to several different departments to get to the bottom of this problem (it's a missing wheel cap that you guys lost, this is not a difficult problem to remedy) and everyone in "management" positions seemed to be perplexed with the problem.  The answer I received as to why they weren't yet able to replace it was simply that "the parts department manager couldn't figure out how to order the part online". Strange, I did one Google search at it yielded over ten third party retailers that sold the piece for less than $60, yet these so called professionals aren't able to do this on their own. Called two more times, since they never called me back as promised. Still have yet to have the issue resolved. Going on about 4 months now. THIS IS A RIDICULOUS ESTABLISHMENT!!!! SAVE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE AND INCONVENIENCE OF DEALING WITH CHAPMAN CHRYSLER .... go ahead and give them a call, when you are on hold, the company song they play when you are on hold (which is always a prolonged period of time) says it all, a COMPLETE JOKE
1	HEY! What do you know. After 5 trips down there. About 50 phone calls and just shy of 4 months, they FINALLY replaced a wheel cap that they had lost. GREAT ACCOUNTABILITY GUYS! (....dripping with sarcasm). Definitely NEVER going to ANY Chapman establishment ever again, solely because of the experience at this one.
4	I was looking for a used Jeep Grand Cherokee and found what I was looking for at Chapman.  I live in Prescott but couldn't find what I was looking for locally. They had just received a low mileage 1999 in on trade. It had not even been serviced or detailed yet.In the purchase negotiation I asked them to please change all the oils in the differentials, transmission and transfer case. Though I did not get this in writing, they said that when it went through the service department, they would take care of it for me. I had to wait a couple of days for the vehicle to go through the service department and they found a few things that needed to be repaired or replaced. They spent over $1500 on these items. They were very thorough and complete.About a week later, after driving back to Prescott I decided to crawl under the Jeep and look around. I was marveling at how clean a 12 year old vehicle could be. Then I noticed the gaskets had not been disturbed or changed, realizing the dealership had not changed the oils as I had requested. So I called the dealership and inquired about it. I spoke to the sales people and they clearly recalled the deal we made and said to bring it on back in and they would take care of it.Well, a couple of months passed and I had not had the work done yet. By this time these two sales people had left the dealership, no longer working there. So, with that, there was some resistance from the management to do the promised work because there was no written statement to the fact. Pressing a little further, they were able to contact these former employees and confirm the deal we had verbally made.I received a phone call from Jamie Cox, the customer satisfaction agent and she had good news for me. They were willing to follow through and do the work that was promised.I am grateful for people that understand the words, "honesty" and "integrity." Based on my experience at Chapman, you will find it here. They remember the old school handshake.
5	Dave Colwell is my personal hero. After sinking in 1,500 at Fairway Auto Phoenix and having my vehicle sink with it. I was left with a broken A/C and heating, when that's what I took it in for! They said they were satisfied with the service and handed me off the keys after a few days. Guess what? It was the same as when I brought in the vehicle! Yikes! They wanted to charge me another $1300! So, there was no way I was going back. I knew I had to go to an actual Jeep Dealer. That's when I called Dave! I drove out from Phoenix to Scottsdale, Dave and his car guy were on their way home but stayed late just for us as the traffic and picking up the vehicle from Fairway had us a little behind. We handed the car over to Dave who was extremely professional and he had out problem fixed in 5 minutes!!! Dave Colwell saved me $1300+! I know where I will be taking my business from here on out.
1	Im upset I cannot rate them less then a 1 because that is what they deserve definitely..Im only 30 and have purchased over 21 vehicles and this was the most expensive purchase yet  ...I explained I lived an hr away so we needed to do all the business over the phone or online which Ive done many times before with no problems..I got there picked up my truck and drove home only to be called later saying there having trouble w financing when I was told the deal was complete apon leaving handing them my trade in and signing paper work...They said they will need my 1099 because they simply do not believe me that I made the amount of money that I did even though I provided paystubs for an entire year and then some... I then told them they could call the company and verify my income if the years worth of paystubs werent enough  (mind you I was already told the deal was complete) They then responded with were sorry but we can call him all you want but for all we know it could be your neighbor...Um excuse me for feeling insulted but I was buying a 55,0000$ truck why would I lie when its my 21st vehicle purchase and most expesive one.. Nobody could get away wih that and if they tried would be pretty stupid so huge insult! They then harassed my boss for days on end about getting a 1099 which was already being sent out and I was to receive it n a few days...The then called me and demanded I bring the truck bad being extremely rude ,yelled at and even HANGING UP ON ME that was done from Nick Chapman himself..Having enough miss treatment i brought the truck back ...I have been treated better from dealerships I was buying a 10,000$ car from let alone spending nearly 60k out the door on a truck to be treated like trash..I then received my 1099  Im not joking the very next day after returning the truck but they were so impatient they couldnt wait on this already done deal..I accually ended up making more money then I even though and went to Avondale Dodge and spent 10,000 more on a truck so about 70k and was treated like gold by Avondale Dodge like I shouldve been by Chapman Dodge but Im glad cuz I got a better deal and a better truck.. yet heed this warning out of all the 21 vehicles Ive bought this was THE ONLY bad experience I've ever had and it was at Chapman Dodge.So do your self a favor and Don't go there!
3	Took my new jeep there for the first time for an oil change.  The oil change took about 30 min longer then i expected. However,  when the service writer came back he acknowledged that the time took longer then expected and applied a coupon which nearly cut my bill in half. They will always get my business moving forward.Next oil change was $100 and didn't honor an online coupon. Claimed it was for certain models (obviously not mine). Dropped a star, but love the car.
1	Pending update.  Vehicle is at dealer.  Check back soon.
4	Update:I've decided to merge everything into one, smaller, and hopefully easier to read posting.I had three warranty issues with my 2012 Ram Sport (localized paint bubbling/damage, rattle in dash, occasional harsh transmission shift), and took the truck in for service.  There was some discouraging lack of communications and misinformation from my service writer, and while the factory paint bubbling was fixed, overspray was left all over the vehicle.However, Jamie Cox and Tina Escoto were able to review my service records and truck, and get everything straightened out to my satisfaction.  Their actions were commendable in addressing my concerns with workmanship, and they went above and beyond expectations in trying to diagnose the intermediate dash rattle.
1	Do your research before trying to negotiate a price with these guys, better yet, go to another dealer.What a complete waste of my time! They must think everyone who walks in there is a sucker...
1	This is the worst service I have ever received in my life. I babied my 2004 Jeep Liberty all these years and in four days this company ruined it. I took it in in October  for a broken window cable. They talked me into a 60K standard service. Over $1500 later. My heater (always awesome) doesn't even pump hot air; a clear oily fluid leaks onto my garage floor, a flushing sound of fluid transferring back and forth sounds behind my AC unit; I can smell burning, my hood was damaged, and my computer warning beeps on and off telling me I need service or I have a low tire but it doesn't beep when my seat belt isn't fastened like it used to. And my front pass. shock sounds broken. Not that they broke it but they rotated the tires and didn't inform me. I called the service rep and he acted like I was stupid - it couldn't be. He didn't call me back the 2nd time I called (discovering more of the above like no heat when it finally got cold.) I finally emailed the service manager who never gave me the courtesy of a reply. I loved and babied that jeep and am just sick. Now I'm in a quandary of probably having to spend a couple of thousand with a reputable company to try to fix all the things they ruined. If I had only stuck with the cable repair and not gone with all their recommendations, I wouldn't be in this spot right now. It has caused me much grief and inconvenience. I've owned jeeps for years and had many good service companies. I had just moved to Phoenix and this one was close to where I work. I wish I had checked out the reviews before I went here.
1	Dont even waste your time with this dealership. My family and I have purchased 4 vehicles from Chapman in the last 20 years, but I am sad to say... NO MORE! The dealership has declined rapidly and after all the problems I have had with both of their service departments and sales departments... I can't even get the GM on the phone!! He/she WONT CALL ME BACK.  The worst part is, their service department isn't even trust worthy anymore. They quoted me $2000 worth of work that DIDNT EVEN NEED TO BE DONE! I take my Dodges to Tempe Dodge now, and I take my VW's to Lunde's Peoria VW. Good luck chapman.
5	I am the proud owner of a 2013 Dodge Dart II and I could not be happier! Chris Verdugo was an amazing salesman and did everything he could to keep me in my dream car. If you are interested in buying a vehicle, I definitely recommend going to Chapman. Ask for Chris and he will do all he can to get you in the car of your dreams, like he did with me. I am so grateful for all the employees at Chapman that worked with me and getting me approved for my car. I LOVE IT! Thank you again to Chris as well, I couldn't have done it without him. =)
1	Went in to look at buying a new vehicle. Every sticker had almost $1000.00 in extra mark ups consisting of:"Desert Protection"Window tintLifetime nitrogenSO......If you want to buy some snake oil, and over pay for tinted windows, stop on by!An extra charge for nitrogen in tires is a joke. The air around us is 78% nitrogen. Race Cars use nitrogen, as they have to get tire pressures within half a pound, or less, and nitrogen doesn't promote combustion in a crash. Aircraft use nitrogen in tires as it holds less water vapor, and doesn't promote combustion in a crash. Unless the tires are properly purged of all ambient air, they are not being filled with "pure" nitrogen anyway.
5	HUGE Thank You to David Flores! My car has always had transmission problems and when I knew the big break down was coming again I had no other choice but to go to the dealership. As a 21 year old female going to a dealership is about as fun as going to Home Depot with Dad. Thankfully my Mother drove over three hours just to go with me. As I pull up to the dealership I saw how hectic and busy all the workers were and immediately thought the worst. That's when David came up to my mother and I.. I can't say thank you enough. He has completely changed my perspective on dealerships. When I finally decide to buy a new car I will only buy one from this dealership because of him and the service he has provided. He went well over above and beyond what I could have expected from anyone. This is a huge relief to me and to my family because they live so far away from me. I know if I ever have a problem I can call David and he will take care of me. I cannot thank you enough! You guys have got the best Service Advisor out there. I will forever be a loyal customer to Chapman.Thank you so much David!
1	Do not come for oil changes. I had an appointment at 1pm and my car was not taken back until about 120. It is now 225 and they pulled my car up in the garage where I can see it, but have heard nothing about whether it is done or not.
2	Not recommend service departmentI do not write many reviews so when I do, they are reality. Chapman Dodge service department in Scottsdale has much to be desired. I have no experience with the car sales so this relates only to service dept. 4 times in to get my cruise control fixed (under warranty) and still broke. The last time I took it in Service tech Dave Colwell siad well it's been a while since you last had it in for the same repair. (Hmm, 3 months is a long time?)  I emailed the service manager Tina on this. Received a message back. I called and emailed her and no reply. Here is the kicker. I have delt with Chapman Chevrolet in Tempe for 10 years and they are awesome. Same company? I think not. Chapman Dodge is Scottsdale is owned by a nother family member. One additional note at Chapman Chevrolet in Tempe my cars always came back spotless clean. At  Chapman Dodge in Scottsdale this is much to be desired. My recomendation is not a good choice to have your Dodge or Chrysler serviced.
5	My first two experiences with Chapman were AMAZING.  Having our Jeep serviced at Chapman was a breeze!  The staff is extremely helpful & their services are super fast!!
5	Ok, I think I can speak for the majority of new car shoppers that while it is always an exciting process it is equally exhausting and never ending. I have bought two cars from Chapman before already and this is my third. I approached things differently this time and went through Costco to put me in touch with their certified representative at Chapman who is Michael Strickland. I cannot say what an awesome, simple and easy experience this was. Michael immediately sent me an email with what the bottom line was, asked what I wanted, did a search and couldn't find a new 2014 Durango R/T with what I wanted anywhere near by. I went in to see him and 30 minutes later I was out the door with the order placed for exactly the car I wanted at a really fair price. Simplify your life, use the Costco Auto Program, contact Michael and have him help you get the car you want. Done.Thank you Chapman and Michael.
1	We have brought our jeep to be serviced here for the past 6 years. Last week we brought it in for a simple oil leak. They call back notifying us that the computer fried. When we went to pay our bill for the oil leak, they had tacked on about a thousand dollars for the computer they broke and tried to charge us. We were very upset and was unable to talk to a manager till they next day who claims that they would give us a discount rate but wouldn't pay for the computer that they broke!
1	As if not paying taking responsibility for the damage they caused wasn't enough. A few days after they fixed the oil leak it continued to drip oil. Upon closer inspection by a licensed mechanic they overfilled the oil. SERIOUSLY how unprofessional! The only contact received was from someone just flat out denying they ever did anything wrong.
5	Great experience with Mike Strickland. Prices were as good or better than anywhere else in the Valley. Mike made it easy, was low pressure, and provided a fantastic experience for me.They did not push any dealer add ons on me, and were upfront from the very beginning. Really happy with my 2014 Wrangler and the experience with the team at Chapman.
1	I brough my car for service to this location , and waited for 15 minutes no one adknowledged me ! Service is very slow!   No very friendly customer service at all! When my service contract expires i will never comeback here!
5	Chapman Dodge went above and beyond to make us happy and did!Mike Conaway at Chapman was beyond helpful.  He made our purchase experience exactly what I hoped for, very smooth, no pressure, no worries.  I was very clear on what we wanted.  This was to purchase using our own funding and for the fair investigated cost we had found.They abided by our decisions and processed the paperwork for which we required.  I highly recommend you consider going to Chapman Dodge as your first attempt to purchase your vehicle you will not be sorry.I would return to them in a moments notice for my next vehicleDo not even consider going to Airpark Dodge.  We went to them first and you can read my review under their name.
5	Great place
5	I am the proud owner of a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee thanks to Mike Conway my sales guy! I usually hate buying a car because of all the nonsense you go through with sales people but Mike is top of the line. I have never had a sales person take the time to go through all the details of the car. He sat in the car with us and went through every button, lever and compartment. I can honestly say there is not much I don't know about my car. I felt that was an extra special touch! He really took his time with us, didn't rush us and gave us the VIP treatment. Thanks Mike! We'll never go to anyone else!
1	The service department here is the worst. I will never bring my truck back. Now a happy customer of The Bill Luke dealership.
5	We've been looking for the blacktop edition 2014 Challenger RT for sometime. We were dealing with Mike Conaway, which who I highly recommend if you don't want any BS while making a deal. I told him what car I wanted and what I was able to put down as a down payment and what I could afford monthly. I told him please don't play the negotiating game with me because I don't have time due to my work schedule and working out of town. He made my numbers work with no hassle in less than a week. He gave me exactly what I was looking for in regards to the car, price, down payment, etc. Once I got back into town to make the deal he was straight to business and no BSing with trying to get the payments higher. He was very easy and pleasant to work with. I actually told him, "You've made this the least painful expreience I've ever had buying a new car." For that, I thank him. So if you're looking for a great buying experience I would go to this dealership and ask for Mike Conaway.
5	Sam met me at the service area, checked in my vehicle for its appointment and got me a curtesy vehicle. I was excite to get my car back clean and ready to go.
5	This service department is great. I had some ongoing problems with my car and they were easily taken care here. Sam was very informative and knowledgeable about my cars issues and repair process. They even washed and vacuumed it really nice for me upon pick up.
5	Jeep Service Adviser Dave Flores did a fantastic job of diagnosing a vehicle wobble, suggesting changes to my service regimen (going with synthetic oil since I don't use my vehicle that often and it therefore doesn't get oil changes often), and working with my many after-market modifications - he was friendly, efficient, and made the experience a pleasure
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars. I have never been so disgusted. I don't know where the people there learned their customer service skills but they need to relearn them. The service department is horrific and if you want to seem like your time, money, and vehicle  are worthless then this dealership is where you should go.
5	This dealership was the best one I've been to and I've visited quite a few. A friend referred me to a salesman named Mike Conway and he was super helpful, took time for me, and didn't pressure me into buying a car. He found me a 2012 Hyundai Accent and I couldn't be happier! I will be going back to this dealership and buying my cars from Mike in the future!
4	Pros: Factory service and parts, they maintain your service history recordsCons: Somewhat expensive (no surprise)I bought a used dodge 4x4 and took it into Chapman for a 70,000 mile service, as well as a later AC issue and battery.  It is no surprise that getting service done at the dealer comes at a price premium.  However, having first hand experience in a auto shop, there is something to be said for mechanics that repetitively work on the same types of cars and trucks.  You could take your car to a random shop with a cheaper hourly rate, but there is a high likelihood that the mechanic will not know the best process for removing and replacing parts.  Imagine a lot of pry bars and hammers.  Cars are like puzzles - I prefer the mechanic working on my car do the same puzzle every day.  Also, in the event you sell your car, Chapman will print out your service history, which arguably increases the resell value.
1	This service center continues to offer terrible service. No matter what I do, I cannot get good service here. I bring the car in for a battery. Hours later, someone calls me and says "Your Jeep needs a battery." I tell them that's why we brought it in and they say ok. Two hours later, they still haven't replaced the battery and are wondering what to do! Next service I asked for a coolant flush and other services. They changed the oil and told me it was ready. I get there and they say "We recommend a coolant flush and this list of other services." But I asked them to do them already! Nothing is done!This is habitual bad service. To add insult to injury, every time I pick up my Jeep, they have "Complimentary car wash" on my bill summary. However, I have never gotten a car wash. NOPE! It is just as dirty coming out as it was going in. I will never understand why they cannot do their jobs. And I must be a glutton for punishment, because I keep going back. I need to drive the extra 5 miles from my home to go to another dealership. You should too!
1	Lying gets you nowhere and it should, don't even know the reason for it.  Being told the Wrangler is the "only one in the valley" it's fully loaded meaning it's rare, so it's the price it's at because of that, yet there's two of them at another dealership with the exact same options including the max tow package, being $4000 less then at Chapman...how can that be justified.  Derek Lasure, do your homework...don't be incompetent or don't lie, honesty goes a long way.  And the trade in amount was an insult as well.
5	My sales person Scott was the best! Called him told him what I wanted he gave me a no BS price and said come on down. I got exactly what I wanted and the sales manager closed the deal and was very amicable. The financing dept was top notch if you want a great experience and low pressure sales go see them they will exceed your expectations
1	Last Sunday, my car decided that it no longer wanted to start. I have a 2011 Dodge vehicle, so there is really no reason for it to be acting up. Jumping did not work, etc. etc... I had to wait until the next day to have my car towed. I had it towed to the nearest dealership for them to use my extended warranty on the vehicle to fix whatever issue they may find. I have had less than stellar service each time I have been to this location before, but decided to try it again.I had received an e-mail from one of their employees, DAVE COLWELL stating that the issue was caused by a shorted out battery. The e-mail was very short with poor spelling and grammar. i called Dave back and told them to proceed to fix the battery. Upon arriving to pick up my vehicle, I stood waiting for him for quite some time, as he spoke socially with another gentleman about the weather and such. I did not want to interrupt, but I did figure that he would notice that his job should come first. Once I was finally acknowledged, he told me it would be $206 and that it is the only thing my warranty doesn't cover.... of course! Why would it? He pulled my car around, and I got in and drove off.Lets back it up for a second... on one of my first visits to this location, I had my non-working cruise control fixed, and paid my $100 deductible (It is once again not working), Upon leaving, my "low tire pressure" light was illuminated, and has stayed illuminated for months, regardless of my attempt to fill the pressure or with the changing of new tires. But I wasn't about to go in and pay another deductible when it wasn't causing any harm (the PSI numbers were still accurate, so I was still safe in that regard). I went in another time because my window had randomly fallen inside of my passenger side door. While they were doing work on it, I asked them to check the light as well. The first response I got was that the "guy who knows how to do that stuff isn't here today, so you'll have to bring it back." I brushed it off, again, because it was no immediate concern of mine and let them fix my window. Upon picking my vehicle up again, I inquired about it again, thinking the gentleman who "does that stuff" would be in. He took a look at it and the issue could not be resolved, and I was told that no one there would be able to fix my issue.FAST FORWARD back to when I am picking my car up from the battery replacement. I get in my car and drive away... NOW, not only is the light on for the tire pressure, but it is beeping at me every 5 seconds as I am driving down the road. I pull a U-turn and head right back to the shop, and explain the issue to DAVE again. Mid explanation, Dave jumps into my car and points that it is not lighting up or beeping. Well, if I had been able to finish my sentence, he would have known that it was while driving. He asked my permission to drive my car, and PEELED out of the parking lot in a manner of which he should not be driving in, let alone in a customers car. He was gone for all too long, came back and slammed on the breaks, as if he was annoyed that I was back. I tried explaining to him that the light had been on in the past, and again, without letting my finish my sentence, scolded me for 'not bringing it in sooner.' AGAIN.... if I were able to finish my sentence, he would know that I HAVE. I told him that I had, and that I was told nothing could be done for me. He laughed and said "Who ever said that should be fired!" ... my response, "Well DAVE, that person was you." Dave has been the person I have worked with each and every time I have been to this location. Check your records. He immediately became appalled and said "How absurd, I would never say anything like that!!!" And began to get extremely defensive about my comment in front of his peers and co-workers. He then asked "Well we will have to put it in the shop. What do you think?" I stood there, looked at my car for a second, and concluded that after paying $206 for a battery and labor, which ultimately had created a new problem, that I would be going elsewhere. I said "I think I will be taking it somewhere else." Without saying a word to me, DAVE COLWELL went back to his desk and began working. It was very unprofessional and disrespectful of him. I know that you are older and I am younger, Dave, but you have no idea about who I am, where I have been, what I have done, how responsible I am, my level of education, my job title, etc. and you have absolutely no right to be treating me, or any other young person, for that matter, in a way similar to that of Monday, October 13th. The way you spoke to me and handled yourself is what is absurd, and your company should be taking note of your actions.After this episode, I drove my car down to Meineke on Hayden & Thomas, and I had my car back to me in minutes after a simple recalibration on my car computers that turned off the light and fixed the beeping, with no deductible payment necessary.
4	If you need a new Jeep, you must see Randy S. at Chapman Dodge Chrysler Jeep. I've purchased two Wranglers from him. One back in August, which I loved but unfortunately got totaled, and the replacement just today. I genuinely cannot express how great Randy is at making you feel like a valued customer. He is professional, honest, and worked hard for me both times in order to get the best value possible for my brand new vehicles. The dealership is clean, organized and seems to have its ducks in a row. A lot of the negative reviews on here are due to price, issues with contracts, etc. but honestly, that's at the fault of the owner of the car not the dealership- read before you sign, people. Anyhow, if you're somewhat educated, willing to negotiate and to be flexible, there is no reason why you'd be disappointed here. The only reason I gave four stars instead of five stars is because both of the finance guys that I dealt with were a bit subpar in the customer service aspect, and that when I call here, I can never seem to be directed to where I need to go. I love my Jeep, and plan on doing business with Chapman and Randy in the future.
1	I brought my Dodge truck in to get an oil & filter change. I arrived at 6:50am and was the first vehicle in line as they open at 7:00. Two hours later I see them bring my truck up to the front and give the keys to one of the service managers. After 10 minutes of nothing, I finally went up and asked them if I could get me truck because I was late for another appointment. After 5 more minutes the paperwork was done.  I asked the service person if it was normal for it to takeover 2 hours to get my oil changed when I was the first person in line. He said that one of the oil change people had quit last week. Even if that were true it wouldn't have affected me because I was the first one in line. The previous time I had my oil changed by Chapman it took 1:45 minutes. I just thought they were having a bad day but this is two times in a row that their "Express Lube" took 2 hours. Chapman Dodge service department needs help because the service is really poor. After reading other reviews about the service department I may need to find a different Dodge dealer to service my vehicle. Someone please step in and help this sad service department out.
5	Sam from the service center is great. Nice attitude and very helpful.
1	A "1 Star" might be high... The salesman flat out lied about my son being approved for an auto loan, we spent hours here getting the details worked out.  When we went to sign the paperwork the monthly payment was much greater than we were told, but my son agreed to it.  He is 19!!  They gave him the car and cashed my down payment check, only to call A FULL WEEK LATER and say they did not get the loan done and wanted more money down AND a co-signer.  We told him upfront we were NOT in a hurry and he did not have a co-signer available.  If they needed more money down than he would wait until he was able to get it and then purchase.  Needless to say we will be returning car, getting a full refund of down payment and taking our money and business elsewhere...
5	I have been here multiple times for servicing my Jeep. Every time I come in they are so helpful, extremely friendly, and do not gauge me like other dealerships. They will usually try to take you in the same day you call. Go see David Flores, he is the best! I have never been less than impressed by the service offered each time I visit. I usually avoid dealerships and have my own mechanic in California but I now have a place in Arizona I actually trust.
