4	I like Treasure Island for its atmosphere and location more than anything. It's not known for its great buffets or variety of restaurants like Wynn, Venetian, or the other huge powerhouse hotels on the strip. I made reservations for The Steak House because the SW Steak House @ the Wynn was fully booked.The restaurant's atmosphere is very common of its restaurant peers. Morton, Ruth Chris -esque type. Their menu is pretty straight forward. Geared toward American cuisine of Seafood and Steak.The most notable items on the menu is...Ice Box of Seafood (Crab Legs, Oysters, Shrimp, etc) - $50Its variety of Dry Age and Prime cut meatVariety of additions (Glazes $8-14/each, Sauces $2/each, Side dishes $5-8/each)For my order, I went with appetizer, soup, and entree.Appetizer - Fanny Bay Oysters $12/half-dozenThese are medium sized oysters from Washington area. They were quite fresh and slightly sweet. Offered with sliced lemon, cocktail sauce, horseradish, and apple vinaigrette. My only complaint is that when they shucked the oysters...I found bits of the shell mixed in with the oysters while I was eating them.Soup - Lobster Bisque $10A little bit different than I usually find in most restaurants. A bit chunky with bits of lobster mixed in, light amounts of sherry, and a more creamy texture.Entree - 24oz Bone In Prime Cut Ribeye $38I order my meat RARE, so to some people that might be a bit scary. The taste of the meat changes a lot between rare to medium, etc. I prefer a chewier but very sweet taste of the meat. Rare is pink with a cold purple/pink center. Most places like Outback, Claim Jumper, Lone Star, etc tend to overcook their meats slightly due to serving hundreds of steaks a day or to be safe. Steak house did a great job of preparing and cooking my steak to the T. For the price, its a 8.5/10, just because I think they could have given me a better cut without some strands of tendon, etc in my meat.One thing I wish I had added to my menu was a few side dishes and maybe their bernaise sauce, but with all that food I was stuffed more than 75% the way through.ServiceThe service was responsive and accomodating. We didn't wait long to be seated since I had reservations for 17 but only 9 of us came in the end. Our server's name was Brandon and he tended to our needs and concerns very nicely. A few of my friends shared their dishes and he took care of it to have the sous chefs split and plate everything seperately.Overall, the restaurant lives up to an above average steak restaurant that you can usually find in most large cities. It keeps trend of business-casual with a nice cut/fresh of ingredients. The only thing that pulls away from it is the quality of food in other restaurants on the strip. Possibly for the same price, a larger menu, and a better cut of meat can be found? Average price/person = ~$40-60
3	Hmmm.. I may have eaten here on an off-night because the filet mignon I had was only noteworthy for its averageness. Same goes for their salmon. I did eat here on a Mystere Dinner Package, so maybe the chefs have the package patron plates on an assembly line..?Also, the hostess failed to mention that I needed vouchers for the dinner package. So after we'd been seated, the waiter says we can't order until I (waited 15 minutes in line to) pick up the tickets from the Mystere booth. Meanwhile, my date is sitting by herself with no mediocre appetizer to nibble on. The hostess should've known better.The food was decent, but I've had much better in more downscale joints. Good thing Mystere made up for the unspectacular taste The Steakhouse left in my mouth.
5	Had the Mystere dinner package and the menu was prix fixe.  The environment is class yet still slightly casual.  The prices are the comparable to similar fine steakhouses.  The service we had was fantastic and the steaks and dessert was absolutely delicious.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  Not as good as Ruth's Chris but very close.  The don't lather the steak with butter, but that's how I like it.  One of the best complete dinners I've had.
5	Had the Mystere package which was prix fixe...a bargain for $20The best meal we have had at TI...the right amount of food well prepared...service was very good...I recommend the Mystere/Steakhouse package4\24\08 Returned to The Steak House at TI during a recent stay and had a great meal thus the added star 4 to  5I had the special that night 4 oz Kobe steak and 4 oz pan seared Halibut with brocolini and riceStarted with corn chowder and lobster chowderMy wife had cold seafood platter that consisted of lobster(claw and 1/2 tail) 2 kind of crab( King and ? ) , large shrimp, oysters in shellWe both had creme brule for dessertThis was definitely a WOW kind of meal and the service was also special. An absolute do not miss if you are in or near TI, We will be back
2	Didn't know about the Mystere package, so we sort of just ended up here for dinner before the show. The decor is your normal dimly-lit, slightly stuffy steakhouse. The decor is not a hip, trendy place. We were able to get a table without a reservation around 7pm.Their corn chowder with lobster soup is excellent! There is alot of lobster in the soup. They are definitely generous. The bread they serve is a warm white bread with bits of bacon and potatoes in it.I got the short ribs, which actually comes with two sides - grilled asparagus and mashed sweet potatoes. I was disappointed in the short ribs - the sauce for it was just tooooo sweet. Pair that with the sweet mashed potatoes and you're talking a very sugary entree. I also tried the filet mignion and thought it was average. The broccolini side was delicious and garlicky - I would recommend that for the veggie side. Their desserts are all mini-sized and perfert portion to top off a big meal. The creme brulee was excellent! There were little vanilla bean specks on the bottom. I scraped that thing clean!I would give this place a 3 for the meats and a 5 for the appetizer/sides/dessert.
4	I was in Las Vegas this week for a convention and my boss took the crew out to dinner at the Steak House one night since we were all staying at Treasure Island.Typical steakhouse menu: The meat was anywhere between $32-$50 depending on your cut of choice, everything was a la carte with side dishes in the $8-$15 range.  Good thing boss man was taking care of the bill...My 8 oz. filet came out with a whole bulb of roasted garlic - OH YEAH.  Automatic star just for that tasty garnish.  My filet was more of a medium than a medium rare as I ordered, but I was too exhausted and hungry after a 10 hour day of standing and trying to sell to complain about it.  I got the sauted broccolini  as my side, and an order of the bearnaise sauce.  I thought $2 for 1 oz. of sauce was ridiculous - but whadduyagunnado? It's Vegas, baby. Vegas.  Where prices are just as inflated as all the showgirls breasteses. *BA DUM BSSH*
3	I always seem to be much more picky about steakhouses because it is my love. We were here with four people having a great time. We could hardly understand our waiter, and im pretty good with accents, but it had to do with the way he was speaking, not looking at us just made it hard. The Mac and cheese was great. The lobster salad, not worth it as there wasn't chunks of lobster, it was more like tuna salad. The bread was good, although tacky in their 'to-go' bags. The steaks were not prepared the way the folks ordered them. The drinks were tasty, heavy pours, quick service. Nothing too special, but not too bad.
2	The bread was really good!  ...but it came in a paper bag.  The herbed butter was tasty too.   We went with a huge group so the billing got very confusing when we paid.  Be aware...they charge you for the drink and then each individual shot they pour in your drink!   My friend's martini came out to $21!   That's outrageous! I had the ahi tuna, cooked rare, but it would have been better seared.  My husband had the filet and hs said it was very good.  The mac and cheese was good too, but under seasoned.  Overall, we paid too much for what we got.  Our cab driver told us Del Frisco is a better steak house.
3	Like many others, we went here after watching Mystere (didn't know about the package).  I read a review in a magazine from our room and I liked how it was in the hotel.  The bacon and cheese bread rolls with sour cream and chive butter were delicious but we didn't want to fill up.  We both ordered petit filet mignons and shared a potato dish the waiter had said was similar to potatoes au gratin (but was not).  I ordered bearnaise sauce, on the side.  The plates took a 1/2 hour to prepare!  They were garnished with garlic, to use if you like for your meat.  I've had better filet mignon (Ruth's Chris!) and better bearnaise sauce (The Cut) and the "potatoes au gratin" were very salty and tough (Fleming's has a delicious one).  The dessert was yummy, chocolate beignet donuts (very souffle-like) with creme brulee ice cream.  We were so full we didn't finish it!The service was pleasant but slow.  The table next to us kept complaining about the waiter disappearing. I enjoyed myself because I was with the bf, it was my birthday, and I was in Las Vegas but we most likely will not return back.
4	We ate here the last night of our Vegas trip. It's yer basic steakhouse...reminded me of Ruth's Chris....ala carte style which some people complain about but I don't see what the big deal is. Started off with their loaded baked potato bread. Not sure of the complaint from another Yelper about it arriving in a paper bag. But I thought it was cute. It was a loaded potato bread with melted cheese and tiny bits of bacon throughout the bread and a sour cream chive butter. I thought it was awesome. I'm a "baked potato with everything on it" kind of girl, so I lovveeddd the bread.My choice was the 8 oz Filet Mignon. I never had it "butterflied" before, so I said yes once the waiter explained to me. Not like it could hurt it right? I choice a loaded baked potato as my side and also got a peppercorn sauce for my steak. I was surprised that the "garnish" was a whole roasted bulb of garlic. Scorreeee!!! Roasted garlic is the bomb! Why hasn't anyone else served roasted garlic with a steak?? Very nice touch!!! My filet was perfectly cooked and was sooo tender, the sauce was tasty, the baked potato was huge and the garlic added a wonderful extra touch and flavor!Also had the Kobe Beef kabob which was served on this huge metal knife skewer thing which the staff removed for us. There was yummy onions and mushrooms and an accompanying gravy sauce that they poured over the beef and the mashed potatoes. That was the first time I tasted Kobe beef and man, it just melted in my mouth. Amazing piece of beef!! Also had the broccolini as a side dish which was a huge portion.We couldn't pass up dessert so we ordered the Coco Puffs with Creme Brulee Ice Cream because I saw a nearby table order it and the presentation seemed cool. LOL! The coco puffs arrived still hot, but they were in the paper bag (just like the bread). Then they poured the coco powder in the bag and shook it all up to coat the puffs and then poured them on the side of the crme brulee ice cream. The coco puffs were like little cake/donut balls. I thought it was a very tasty and cute dessert. The ice cream also had chocolate ball things in it that was a cool touch.Excellent service and tasty food. I'd definitely come back for dinner on the next trip to Vegas!p.s. See my uploaded pictures of all the yummy goodness!
4	Do yourself a favor - order wine.  Yeah they'll hit you hard on the cocktails, so buck up and get the vino.I thought it was kind of weird that the rolls came in paper bags, but whatever.  I get it, you're trying to be cool.  Anyways, I'm extremely picky about my steaks.  Frankly, I hate ordering steaks at restaurants because I do them so well myself and I'm usually disappointed with an establishment's presentation.  I went for the pork shank.  It was...amazing.  Seriously, it was the best tasting, extremely juicy, piece of pork that I've ever had.  Maybe my cook happened to bring his A-game that evening, but it was *huge* and incredible.  You could honestly feed three people with the dish.  I recommend it to anyone that loves pork.  I warn you, it's salty, but that's right up my alley.
2	The only redeeming factor of this place was the wine.  The duckhorn pinot was delicious!  The main entrees, eh, not so much.  Everything was pretty standard, nothing special, nothing interesting, just meh.  Especially for the price range of a steakhouse, it was pretty boring.  I guess its expected when its called "the Steak House."  The sides were right there too, creamed corn, mac and cheese, boring, not great.  Service was pretty standard, not impressive, but ok
2	Its interesting that many of the places in the TI are named exactly what they are. The gift shop is called "Gift Shop", the high roller lounge is called "High Roller Lounge" and the buffet restaurant is called "Buffet". So I guess it's not a shock that the steak house is called "The Steak House".The ipoddy looking menu outside was fun to tinker with and everything on the menu sounded like, steak house stuff. I ordered the filet and lobster, and the endive salad with b-b-b-baaaaaaaaaaaaacon. The chef must not have known what endives were, there was almost none of it in my salad. Although the slab bacon was, delicious. The steak was standard, it wasn't bad.. it wasn't great... it was pretty boring - the lobster tail was pretty lame too. Ordered "tater tots" as a side hoping for some culinary creativity. Fried mashed potatoes formed into little squares is what ended up coming out. zzzzz. The other sides were also a bit dull (mac n chz, broccolini, creamed corn) Check please.
2	Overpriced.Overcooked steak.Slow service.Definitely not up to vegas standards.Nothing unique.I was very let down.
1	After a long flight to Las Vegas, we checked in the Treasure Island hotel very tired but very hungry. My wife and I are steak lovers. We got very excited to see the Hotel had it's own steakhouse. Perfect. Well, perfect... not really. I'll make this short. The steak was simply horrible. I ordered it rare and it came back between medium and well done. I sent it back and the next time it was rare... really rare, so rare only 1/18" of the surface was cooked. The entire steak was cold and ... rare. The cook must have been offended I returned the steak the first time and just wanted to teach me a lesson. Well, the lesson I learned is: if you want a great steak in Vegas, don't go to The Steak House, but go to any other steakhouse in town.
2	I ate here as part of the Mystere dinner package, and am VERY glad I did because if you price the tickets to the show properly, the dinner was VERY cheap, and I wouldn't have wanted to actually paid full price for anything here. I may be being a bit harsh because I expect a lot out of steak house dinners, but I am just telling it like it is!For an appetizer, the boy and I both got the lobster and corn chowder. I will definitely give them this one and say that it was very good.  The pieces of lobster were delicious, and the consistency was perfect. The main courses is where it goes down hill. The salmon that I got was extremely bland and gooey. After a few bites I felt a little nauseated. The horseradish hollandaise sauce tasted like watery mayonnaise with absolutely no kick, the asparagus I had on the side was wilted, thin, and burnt. The boy had the 8oz filet mignon which had a weird tin-like flavor about it. I ordered a glass of reisling (the only one on their menu which was surprising) which was tasty, but the server brought it out in a metal container and literally just dumped it into my glass causing it to splash up a bit and create a lot of air bubbles. I don't know how you're supposed to treat wine, I am not much of a wine person, but I don't think dumping it is the right way to go! Now for the reason I am giving it 2 stars and not 1: The creme brule. It may be extremely tiny, but it was wonderful! So creamy and sweet, the sugar on top heated and solidified to perfection. Yay for creme brule! Overall, I would say I am very disappointed. The atmosphere was weird and uncomfortable, and the food was blah. If you want a wonderful steak house meal, definitely go to Craft at MGM! They treat you like kings and their food is breath taking!
2	After walking around TI, we decided the Steak House may be our best bet for a decent dinner.  It was my husband's birthday and we thought we'd splurge a little and get a good steak.  All in all, that's about all we got was a decent steak!The Service:  Came in at 10:15.  Was not told the restaurant closed at 11.  Hostess was a fat Russian woman with too much makeup.  I smiled and asked if they did anything special for birthdays.  Instead of, "I'm sorry, unfortunately we don't but we do wish you a very happy birthday," we got a "No.  Best we can do is a put a candle in your dessert."  Jeez, that sounds swell.  So we're seated.  A Mexican with a thick accent comes up to us, tells us his name, he's our waiter and his partner is....So we're good so far.  He's offered us bottled water and I ordered soda on top of that.  So we get "the look."  You ever go into a restaurant, not order alcohol and get "the look?"  It's not a nice look and it's also a good way of letting you know your service is going down hill because your tab isn't going to be as large so his tip won't be as large just because you didn't order $50 worth of alcohol.  The one good thing he did do was advise us to order appetizers because the steak would take a long time.The Food:  The complimentary foccacia type rolls were ok.  A little stale but the herbed butter helped a bit.  We ordered one lettuce wedge that offered pancetta and avacado slices.  Interestingly enough, they brought out two and we were charged for two.  We waited 25 minutes for a 42 ounce ribeye for two with bernaise on the side, a side of creamed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes.  The steak was very good.  As in very, very good.  Cooked exactly how we like (which isn't easy since we both like it well done but not burnt) and the sauce that it was simmering in was delish.  The bernaise wasn't that good.  It actually didn't taste like bernaise at all.  The creamed spinach was crap.  Like they took a package of frozen spinach and heated it on the stove with some salt and pepper and threw in some milk to make it look creamed.  The mashed potatoes were a little odd.  Really smooth and dense, almost didn't feel like mashed.  They tasted ok but just a really odd texture and maybe a little too much garlic.Bottom line:  Does anyone really think it's ok to pay $12 for bottled water?  Really?  Really?  Considering that it's Vegas and NOBODY drinks Vegas tap water....The food really isn't worth the price.  It's in bad taste to offer fine dining with the prices to go along with it and only offer  mediocre food and even less than mediocre service.  The Steak House's only saving grace is that the steak was cooked the way we like it.  But $80 for a steak that we liked and $70 on everything else that we didn't like doesn't make us want to go back anytime soon.
4	I have nothing bad to say about this restaurant, so I'll give a brief summary of my opinions.  I consider myself a food snob (ok, food lover and pretty darn good chef as well with culinary training and experience), but when in Vegas, honestly - full service dining is expensive.  What you get for what you pay is a bit out of whack compared to home.  So here goes...In summary, we were a party of 5, with a 9pm reservation on a Saturday night.GREAT:  Service - from all employees we encountered.  Timeliness was excellent - seated immediately, food came to us fast. The potato/bacon/cheese dinner rolls - OMG these are amazing, and I'm about to search the internet for the recipe!  Oh, and ours arrived in a linen lined bread basket, so I guess the paper-bag trend is over.GOOD:  Food overall.  Besides the dinner rolls, nothing was a stand out (as in "I must must must eat here again!), but nothing was horrible or unacceptable whatsoever.  The prices were typical for a steak house in an upper-end strip hotel.  I got what I expected here.  My steak was cooked to perfection - if it hadn't have been, then I would've felt it a waste of money!BAD:  Nothing!  Not a single member of our party had anything bad to say!Can't comment: On the wines or desserts.  Didn't have either.In summary, we enjoyed our experience at this restaurant and the service made it worth the price.  Sure, there's better food out there, but nothing we had was low quality.  I'd eat there again, however Vegas has so much to offer, that next time I will try somewhere else.
5	This was the perfect meal. I was very impressed with the way all of it came out, and good service, too! I am DEFINITELY going back next time i am in LV!!!!!!Pre-meal 4-cheese Bread with whipped butter: 5 stars (amazing flavor and crust)The order: Lobster Louie Salad: 5 stars, perfect textures and symbiotic flavors Macaroni and Cheese: 5 stars, very creamy, gooey, and crispy on top! you could tell this was homemade.Horseradish-Hollandaise Salmon: 5 stars, could not have been cooked better. The sauce was also exquisite.Med-Rare Ribeye Steak: 5 stars, maybe the best steak I have ever taken a bite out of. Truly cooked to a beautiful medium rare, with enough gristle on top and juices in the middle to make me say, Wow!!!! The color was on, the texture was perfection, and all it had on it was salt it appeared.Baked potato: 5 stars....for something so simple, it was really good. Baked perfectly and was a great compliment to my meal.I only wish I could have been hungry enough to try the desserts....with food that amazing, i could only imagine how decadent the desserts!Also, the wine I had was also good!I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ALL YELPERS!xo-andrea
2	4 sales douches meet to have dinner. It is Vegas so it is to be expected that any meal you consume will come complete with a significant price mark up. The waiter, who was a very nice guy came by and offered their Japanese Kobe beef. It sounded delicious until he quoted $35 per oz. PER OUNCE. That is retarded. I lost the game of credit card roulette and had to foot the $335 bill. The food wasn't bad but it was overpriced by roughly $135.
2	Ok so this review is for 03/27/2009, which was over a week ago. I usually review places that I love right away, so that just tells you this was a forgettable experience. We had a large party of about 10 people so we had to get two tables together, which the staff here did accommodate our needs very quickly. However, that was probably the best part of my dining experience here. A very abrupt, rude waiter took our order. The food literally took one hour to get to us. By the time it got to us, we were debating on whether leave, wait for the food or butter our napkins and eat THEM instead. I ordered the petite fillet with asparagus and mac n'cheese. For me, the steak was ok but I have had much better at Craft Steak. The mac n' cheese was pretty good, but not fantastic. Definitely NOT memorable. They took forever to bring the bill to us when we were finished. It was about $65 - $85 per couple. I wouldn't have paid Black Angus prices for this place. I gave this place two stars, one for the friendly hostess who accommodated us right away, and one for the fresh, crisp asparagus and the mac n' cheese. I will NOT be back!
4	Joe wanted mashed potatoes for dinner so that pretty much narrowed dinner down to American food fare.  I wasn't looking to get really dressed so we went to the steak house in our hotel.  We couldn't resist there $30 dollar deal where you get a soup or salad, an entree and side.  I had the lobster corn chowder, 6oz filet and potatoes.  I was shocked how good the food was cause if you saw my earlier post for TI I was completely apprehensive about the whole place.  So if you are in need of a good red meat fix on a budget, I would dine here.
2	Decided to try this place after watching Mystere. The wait was not long and the service was ok. I ordered the Filet mignon  rare and my freind ordered the same med rare. When i got mines it was more like med and his was more rare than mines. Had to send it back. So while im waiting for my plate to come back everyone else was pretty much done with their meal. The Steak was just ok also, very bland I've had much better at other places.
5	came here with my fiance for a New Years Day dinner and it was our obsession.  Haven't been back since sadly....
2	Staying at TI is really a GREAT deal. The hotel/casino is central on the LV Strip, the hotel is clean, and prices are reasonable at the cafe and table. So i figured I'd give the Steak House a try, being everything else is on the positive overall. The restaurant is simple, clean. You walk in and there is a bar up front, always a good thing if you have to wait for a table or are early and want a cocktail to quench your thirst. The wait staff is friendly. Then came the food. Everything went downhill from there. First off, i wanted to have oysters. Not only did they not have a selection of oysters, they had NO OYSTERS. A steakhouse without Oysters? Sacrilege!!! For appetizers, i settled for the roasted Artichoke. Roasted? Since when do you roast with boiling water? Although they did give 2 good size artichokes, they must have put them in water first thing that morning, and my reservation was at 8:30 at night. It was mushy and pale green. For the main course, I ordered the Surf and Turf- the steak lacked flavor. It's like they pulled it out of the meat section of Safeway and tossed it right on the grill- no salt and pepper. It was almost like eating a wingtip shoe from Florsheim. As for the lobster, i could have played racquetball with it- it was that rubbery. the side of asparagus was suffering from Erectile dysfunction. The Mac n cheese on point, so does that mean the cook worked at TGI Fridays before coming here? I have to give a plus to the wait staff, as they tried to make up for the 1.99 buffet food with a birthday dessert- about the best thing on the menu. Being this is Vegas, you would expect to see these guys compete, some of the biggest, baddest restaurants in the world reside here. Then again, maybe seeing 2 other people in the restaurant explains it.
4	Looking for an elegant, yet comfortable steakhouse atmosphere in Vegas? One that isn't full of frat dudes and has food worth the high prices? Don't want to worry if you're too dressed up or too dressed down? Check out Phil's Italian Steak House inside the Treasure Island Hotel.Helpful Tips: Make sure to make reservations before you head out, this place isn't huge and can fill up fast. Don't worry about how you're dressed.....dress for where you're going afterwards and you'll be just fine. There was a nice mix of jeans and skanky dresses going on. Be sure to order a side with your entree. Steaks come with nothing else but butter...even though they're $50+Don't let the prices scare you, the food is worth it. I promise. If you like mouthwatering, melt-in-your-mouth steak order the filet. Skip the Italian food....you're in a steak house! Order dessert! But skip the gelato....it was too icey and crunchy. I absolutely loved this place. We had a great night out with friends thanks to the great staff, great food and great surroundings here. Don't let the tacky Treasure Island Hotel fool you.....they have some real class hidden away in their steak house. ;)
4	Ambiance is there for a nice steak house. Service was great. Compared to some place in St. Helena in Napa Valley, the prices are ok. I can confirm with Jennifer that the place does fill up quick (seatinig capacity: 40) during the weekends but when I came by on a Monday for Labor Day Weekend, it was only 40% filled at 8PM.What I ordered:-Lobster Corn Chowder (Good but not exceptional. The soup was warm not hot. The bowl holding the soup was warmer than the soup)-Fried Calamari (WOW Delicious, nice and soft)-Spinach Salad (looked very simple, and complimented well with the calamari)-Kobe Flat Iron w/ 6 oz Lobster Tail (steak very tender, but a bit salty. The lobster was great!)-Alskan King Crab Legs (was very good, plenty for a serving)I came here with my parents and we shared our food like Asians do. The waiter asked us when ordering if we were sharing so they could arrange the dishes a differently.So what I'd come back for:-Fried Calamari-Crabs legs-More lobster (6oz. was too small for three to share)We didn't have any wine/spirit:I got coke (pepsi) was very sweet for some reason. I had my drink changed to ice tea (not sweetened) and they came out with a bottle of Republic of Tea (same price as fountain drinks).My dad had hot tea and they brought out a wooden chest case of different tea.Check came out to be about $270 for three people. All in all, good place for dinner. opens at 5PM daily
2	I had no idea about the package deal. I took my boyfriend there for our one year anniversary. It was alright. I read some of the reviews so I was kind of skeptical, but it wasn't that bad. A little weird, though. They sat us at a table for 6, and the restaurant was almost empty. There was the lady walking around asking for pictures. My boyfriend said it felt like he was on a cruise. Oh, and I couldn't figure out who our server was! A lady offered us water. I asked her for some bread and a wine list after waiting 10 minutes. The bread itself has like pepperoni, or somethibg in it, which is kinda weird, and it only sucked for me because I don't eat pork, and I was really hungry. Then another guy came and asked about wine. We ordered a small (2-3 glasses a person) bottle of champagne. Then ANOTHER guy came an asked us about appetizers. ??? Anyway! We had the mozzarella sticks. They were pretty good. Light, and crispy. The sauce wasn't too heavy, which I liked. Turns out the second guy was our "official" server. He introduced himself when he brought the champagne. My boyfriend ordered the T-bone steak. I had the chicken parmesan. The portions were big, which was great. The steak was not over flavored. The chicken parm was not heavy either. The asparagus and mashed potatoes were a little salty, though. The appetizer guy brought us our food. And the first lady kept our water full. The only thing our server did was bring the champagne. We had to ask him for the bill, because he never came to check on us. I don't know. It was alright over all. Not really worth $160 or two people, but since it was our anniversary, I paid it.
3	Looking for a nice restaurant in our hotel at TI, we came across this empty steakhouse. We were seated right away and got our bread and water as well. The bread was a bit dry and hard, but the garlic butter sauce was delicious and flavorful.Our server tried to serve us a $100 bottle of wine and I opted to pick a $40 one instead. So nice of our server to reccommend such a cheap wine.....holy crap.We asked what his reccommendations were for an appetizer, so we ordered the calamari and bruschetta. Oddly, the bruschetta toppings were separated, olives on one toasted bread, tomatoes on another, and mushrooms on another. It would've tasted a lot better if they were mixed all together. The bottom of the crusts were burned black. A little charcoal to help progress cancer..yum yum. The ceasar salad was a ceasar salad, nothing extraordinary. The calamari was soggy and salty.Just when I was about to give up on this place and rate it a 2 star, our steaks came out. The NY Steak and Rib Eye came out perfectly seasoned and cooked. The steaks did not need the specials sauces and they were big enough to share one steak between two people. We were pretty full with the appetizers, one salad, and 2 steaks. We're not big eaters, so one steak might be better for the hungry ones, just omit the appetizer and don't let your server try to sell you an expensive bottle of wine.
4	Well they sure serve up a beautiful steak.  The KC Strip here is about as good as any, perfectly cooked, lightly seasoned, and let rest just long enough for the juices to distribute.  I would get this steak again in a heartbeat.The rest of the meal was solid as well; a nice wine list, an impressive display of seafood atop an ice platter, and solid if unexceptional french onion soup.  The one thing I found lacking were the fairly uninspired sides of mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and broccoli rabe.So yeah, a solid meal.  There are plenty of great steakhouses in Vegas though.
1	There were three of us for dinner. We were greated promptly and with enthusiasm by the hostess, who escorted us to a nice table in the middle of the room. ...that's about the best I can say about this place.The restaurant was less than half full. After sitting for 15 minutes trying to figure out who was our waiter, we got up and left.There are hundreds of other places to eat in Las Vegas. You'd think the "upscale" restaurant at Treasure Island would make an effort to actually be upscale.
3	Although there are about a million and one steakhouses in Vegas, we ended up here. I'd say that it was pretty decent. Service was attentive enough, the bread and butter was delicious, and our calamari appetizer, while not stellar ( a bit overcooked and just a little too much breading), was just fine. I had the fish special, which came with asparagus and mashed potatoes, and it was a little on the salty side, but was overall good.  My companions had the seafood pasta (huge portions!) and the surf & turf, which they said were delicious.  I wouldn't go out of my way to revisit Phil's, but I would visit again if I happened to be in T.I.
5	3 stars? Is this the same restruant I went to last night?The service was great! I swear when ever I took a sip of my drink it was instantly refilled! And our waiter and the host  was super friendly!The food was amazing! Me and my boyfriend started with the meatballs, which were the best I ever had! and we had the steakhouse dinner, which was also the best steak I ever had! The mashed potatoes were excellent. I really wished I had room for desert, but I guess that will have to wait till next time.I will be returning for my next Vegas trip!
4	My boyfriend made a reservation here for my 24th birthday dinner. We were a party of 4 and there were no problems making reservations. We were seated promptly and everyone from the hostess to our server were super friendly!They had many options for dinner, whether it was different steak cuts, chicken, pasta, and salads. They also give you bread and butter for starters. We ordered:-Petite Filet with a Baked Potato, $32.95-Caprese Salad, $11.95-Filet Mignon with a Baked Potato, $46.95-FYI - No substitutions!The petite filet and baked potato was the perfect amount of food before going out. We both ordered our filet medium-rare. Whenever I'm at a steakhouse, I order my steak a little more rare than at other restaurants, and Phil's did not disappoint! It was juicy and really tender, so delicious. The baked potato was huge and covered in butter, sour cream, chives, and bacon bits. It was so big I couldn't finish it! Service was great and attentive - water and drinks refilled, gave recommendations and just always made sure everything was okay. I would definitely recommend having a nice dinner here!
3	I was in LVNV recently with a group from work.  We started with the calamari, which was crisp and delicious.  The peppers added into the dish were a tasty touch.  I had the "Steakhouse Dinner" which consisted of an 8 oz filet served oscar style with the garlic whipped potatoes and asparagus.  The filet was tender and perfectly cooked.  There was plenty of crab and hollandaise for the oscar.  It was delicious.  Service was ok, not great, but overall I had a good meal.
1	ZERO STARS. Do not go here. I just had the worst steak experience of my life. I ordered the rib eye for two mid-rare. It came out mid well. We sent it back and the manager apologized. 30 mins later we received a NY strip instead of a ribeye. We sent it back again. Then the chef came out and tried to tell us it was the steak we ordered.  This was insulting and pathetic. This place shouldn't charge half of what they do for the garbage they serve.  After this nightmare they had the nerve to try to charge us for the full meal. Unbelievable!! Avoid this place at all costs. It is a disgrace to all things beef and Italian.
3	Ok, so I had a tasting menu here. The endive salad was really good, so we're the crab cakes. The vegan chicken dish was fantastic. Unfortunately the steak was not so good. You expect the steak to be the best course at a steak house, it was not, they didn't ask us how we wanted it and the cut was crappy. The service was excellent though and the dessert was creative and delicious.
3	I came here with my fiance for pre-celebrating Valentine's day. Restaurant was very busy because of magic convention. It took server a bit longer to bring out bread to our table but both their bread and butter were really good.  Everyone here from hostess to server was really friendly and nice. We ordered:2 Shellfish Towers ($29.99): Colossal Crab Claws, Maine Lobster, Oysters, and Jumbo Shrimp (everything was good except oysters; oysters was not in season so it was tiny)Caprese salad ($11.95): very tasty and worth the priceFresh Whole Maine Lobster (2.5 lbs for $80): lobster meat tasted really sweet and freshSurf and Turf: Filet Mignon & 1/2 crab stuffed Maine Lobster ($60): filet mignon was perfectly cooked however crab stuffed Maine lobster was kind of overcooked and plainCream Brulee ($7.95): just taste like a cream brulee should bePineapple cake with ice cream ($7.95): plain and average Overall I gave this place 3.5 stars. Service is 4 stars, food is 3 stars with its price
5	Our experience was 5 stars across the board !!!  Excellent ambience, excellent service from the hostess and Mario our waiter, main course prepared exactly how we ordered. The Prosciutto wrapped scallops are as close to heaven as you can get for an appetizer.  My wife had the surf and turf, I had the NY strip;  the only thing we talked about during dinner was how good the food is.  Even the balsamic butter for the bread was delicious.  Absolutely the best dining experience of the 3 steakhouses we dined during our stay in the immediate area.  Worth every penny and we would have returned our last evening had we not already had a combination dinner and show reservation.  If you want a special dinner experience on a special occasion, hands down the place to go !!!
4	This place catered for a work conference. Buffet style lunch. One day Italian and the other day Mexican. I thought it was pretty good. Much better than to be expected. the reviews on this place aren't great and I couldn't speak about the regular meal service. However, everything I had in the buffet lunch was really good, cooked wall and lots of flavor. The Mexican lunch was a little on the salty side but hey what isn't salty in Las Vegas? Service was good, just busing but the were prompt about everything.
4	Came here for my sister's birthday dinner.  We ordered the veal parmesan, pork chops, chef ravioli, shrimp pasta and some wine.  Our meals were cooked well and to our liking.  The pasta especially tasted fresh.  The portions were pretty big.  We all enjoyed our meal.  There were no complaints.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.
5	Located in TI Treasure Island Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. i have a bone to pick with them. My knees are still buckling from the foie gras topped filet minion I had there over a year ago. Not only that but I wake up everyday wondering when I am going to have it again. So thank you Phil's for ruining me for other foods. This is a great moderately priced steak house with very good food. If you are looking for something a little upscale but don't want to break the bank, you have found your place. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	We only had a limited time as we had to be at the Mystere show.  We asked if they could accomodate us in that time frame.  The service and food was outstanding and we were on time for our show with time to spare.  The scallops and salmon were phenomenal!  Our server rocked!  We would defintely return!
3	Happy hour review.Their portobello happy hour app is awesome.  We weren't crazy about antyhing else.
4	Service was exquisite and the food was amazing. Had the steak at scallops and they were all amazing.
4	Came to Vegas for Valentines day weekend with my wife and 2 other couples. We started with Martinis, which were tasty. Salad and soups were very good. Steak was very nicely cooked with good flavors. Good wine list and great deserts. Will go here again.
2	Food was ok, nothing was really bad. Then again nothing was good enough to justify the price. Fillet didn't have a lot of flavor, Caesar salad was just ok. Service was good.
2	Overpriced for the quality of food. The staff is super courteous and friendly, which makes up for the upsetting entree we were served. My friends and I were staying at TI and wanted to grab a quick bite at a decent steak place before heading out. This was conveniently located within the hotel so we decided to give it a shot. The french onion soup was pretty good, no complaints there. But the bacon/potato bread just didn't do it for us, despite it sounding heavenly. The osso buco I ordered was seriously disappointing. It was so dry and flavorless that I had to send it back (first time ever sending a dish back). I ordered the 8oz filet instead, and it was actually pretty decent. The manager himself brought out and served the dish in a form of apology for the previous failure, and the gesture did not go unnoticed. The restaurant itself has a great ambiance and a great, friendly staff. But as far as food goes, there's a lot to be desired, so not sure if this is the place to go.
3	Happy hour review- I had the Caesar salad on wontons app- actually very good. It looked to me like the bartender accidently put too much cayenne into my spicy pear martini but it worked and went well with the Caeser.
4	We had a great meal in this Treasure Island restaurant.Interestingly enough, no one in our party had steak.My sister and I had the snapper special (served on Lobster Risotto - yum!), and my niece had the Spinach stuffed Chicken Breast.All the meals were fantastic -- the fish was cooked perfectly with crispy skin.They also serve this amazing bacon and cheese warm bread.We had a nice Pinot Grigio with the food, but did not have room for dessert.  Service was very attentive -- servers coming over to make sure we enjoyed our meal.So if you are looking for a steak house that does a great job with other food -- check out Phil's!
1	The service is way way too slow for such expensive prices.
4	Had the King crab legs--hard to give it anything but 5 stars, but it was pricey.  It's a great restaurant, but in a town of great restaurants, it's 4 stars.
2	Most of the food was good, but the prime new York strip was the worst prime steak I've ever had : tough and flavorless. Do not recommend.
1	Honestly, this restaurant is the worst experience I have ever had in the US. The decoration of the restaurant looks good but the food there will not be allowed to appear to such a "nice" place. I had a filet with creamy crab on the top and asparagus as the side. The filet which should be the most tenderest part was dry and tasted like well-done, while I cooked it as medium.  Surprised, this disgusting steak cost me $75 plus tax. It was absolutely not worth the price and the service there was not worth the tip we gave to them.
3	It was OK, little over priced for the quality of food. Huge portions. Salmon 5 stars. Service above average.  I expected more in LV.
5	A great experience. I had Smoky Creamed Spinach Casserole, a dry aged t-bone, and a spinach salad. I enjoyed every last bite, and I kept thinking that Phil's is better than many top rated and overly-hyped steak houses I have been to in the past.  The steak was so juicy and flavorful that it needed no sauce or toppings.
1	If there was only one word to describe my dining experience here, it would be "despair". The tears of the chef who probably hates his job strongly contributed to the saltiness of the dishes in our meal. The lobster risotto was more of a Rice-A-Roni + ketchup + frozen lobster than anything. Service was OK. Our waiter had good intentions, but you could tell he knew he was selling lies. To all who are thinking of going to a nice Italian steakhouse, take your money elsewhere.
4	I found this restaurant while I was waiting for Cirque de Soleil show to start.  This place opened at 17:00.As a starter, they serve free bacon and cheese warm bread which was delicious. I had pepper seared salmon and I loved every bite of it-it was delicious. Staff is friendly and overall I had good experience, but I think that their menu is little overpriced.
4	My wife and I made reservations here because we were going to see Mystere that evening. We were taken back to the quietest part of the restaurant, which we appreciated as the noise of the casino was too much. My wife and I split the surf and turf and a glass of wine. The steak was cooked perfectly and had a pleasing char to enhance the flavor. My has recently started eating meat again and she agreed with me. The lobster tail/stuffed crab combo was also very good. The lobster was delicious without any condiments and the stuffed crab reminded me a great crabcake.We shared a good glass of cabernet, but I can't remember the winery or year. It was a new world red. We split the meal and the amount of food was perfect for the both of us. The service was attentive and courteous and we'd eat here again.
1	My nephew & his wife were in LV celebrating their 5th anniversary, so I got Mystere tickets for all of us including my son (all adults) for the show. This steak house is located next to the show room so we decided to have dinner here. Our waiter was so rude, prude & downright snobbish it was ridiculous. I like to go to good shows & restaurants once a month, this one was the worst in service to date. When paying upscale prices I'm use to having fantastic friendly service, where I'm treated like a valued customer but here it was like we were a begging nuisance. Our food was good, not great like I'm use to for the price, but good is good. Although, kind of strange getting bread in a bag but whatever. We were ready to leave & I made a huge mistake by giving the waiter his tip when he came to take my card. We waited 15 mins. he knew we had to get to the show we told him. We saw him waiting other tables, finally I saw what looked like the manager walking by I called to him and explained the situation, so he went & got our bill and finished the transaction WOW like that was acceptable behavior from their waiter, the waiter never thanked us for the (hefty) tip, just acted like he got his tip, his duty was done as we sat bewildered. This place sucks I can get great food with awesome service all over the strip. NEVER AGAIN! They need to check that waiter, who does he think he is I know a Prude Rude Idiot!If they had a big fat Zero this establishment would be a winner ZERO!
5	We had a private room dinner party to celebrate our wedding and the service, food and atmosphere were all exceptional! Manager John Dunn worked with me patiently prior to the event to ensure everything would be perfect...and it was! The filet mignon was to die for, and my guests all loved their food (lots of compliments on the creme brulee), even the vegetarians in our group. Our servers were exceptionally friendly and attentive and no one had to wait for anything. And the specialty drinks...delicious and strong and perfect for the occasion. If I had it to do over again I wouldn't change a thing. If you have your celebration dinner at Phil's (and work with John in advance) you will not be disappointed!
3	Service here is still great and deserve the stars.  But my Steakhouse Experience (similar to steak Oscar with the crab meat sauce) was rather bland, sauce was OK but didn't really taste the crab.  The medium was a bit on the more well done side and should have gotten the medium rare, darn it.  No one was able to finish their NY steaks.  My dad was the only person who got the Stuffed Chicken which was really good and moist.  The Garlic Scampi was slightly over cooked but flavor was great. I'm staying at the TI  and I had the Prime Ribb at the cafe and that was very good,  much better than my steak here but I did get medium rare this time.
4	Went to this steakhouse for a splurge night. My buddies and I have been here a few times before and always enjoyed the food. This time was no exception. I ordered the T-bone well done. It came out perfect. Very juicy and only a little pink as it approached the bone. My buddies ordered theirs medium and medium well and were very pleased with it. The only bummer is they no longer serve the three cheese maccoroni and cheese. This was our favorite. We ordered the fries to share. A little to garlicky, but if you like them that way you'll love them.  Service was very adequate and a nice ambiance.
1	I am very disappointed with this restaurant. My family came down to visit from California and my family member was looking foward to celebrating his 21st birthday at Phil's. Within the first 30min of being at this place three incidents occured.  To make a long story short each incident consisted of a belligerent individual who collapsed on the floor, screamed and cried.  To put the icing on the cake the people next to us got our food before us and we had ordered are food before they had been seated. Our bill came and it was close to $500. I would have expected alot more from this place for that kind of money. My family and I will never eat at this restaurant again.
5	Exelent !!!!! I am really happy we came out here, one of the best places I been to. The serves is 5+ they really make u feel special! The food was amazing ! The Rib eye is outstanding ! Shrimp pasta yummy with some giant shrimps ! Even the moscato martini drink was really good ! Love it !!!!
4	Last minute scrambling for a quick bite, I was not having high hope for this place inside TI next to the elevator to our room . My friend and I were looking for happy hour deals (we all know how expensive food can get on The Strip), but we had no luck (side note: can someone PLEASE have an accurate account of happy hour offerings and make a website or something for it?). We ended up at the bar and went for appetizers (their happy hour ends at 6pm). The 2 of us splitted an order of crab cakes, chef's choice ravioli of the day, and a bowl of lobster corn chowder. While the crab cakes weren't excellent (fried instead of boiled), but at least it was crab-y. The chowder was filling, however the lobster was hard to find. Good flavor, very chuncky with big dices of onions and green peppers. The best was the ravioli. Chef's choice was veggies (aka spinach) stuffed with a mascarpone tomato sauce. 3 to an order. We also asked for bread, which apparently costs $5 a loaf. It was a small loaf filled with bacon bits! Granted I didn't expect to have to pay $5 for bread, but it served its purpose of filling us up. The total damage was only $48. Overall a good experience and good amount of food.
2	I was with family on the Mystere package.  this restaurant was disappointing.  What showed up on the prix fixe fare-card was very different from the package we got.  I had the filet Mignon medium rare and it came with NO color whatsoever and was actually hard on the outside.  like it had once been medium rare, then sat under the hat lamp waiting for some fool to order it.  The halibut on risotto was ok, if a bit dry.  There were not enough waiters to handle the people at the tables.
