1	Sales people and staff in the actual store are amazing. The phone end of customer support, service and repair and credit are no bueno.
3	I'm looking for a small game table so I decided to check out this new furniture/appliance store. They had lots of interesting sofas and bedroom sets and one potential table, but it was all a bit pricey. The employees were very helpful, but not pushy. Every furniture set had a sign with the prices for each individual piece. If I had young children, I would have bought the bunk beds with the staircase/chest of drawers.
5	We went there looking for some recliners for us to splurge on and we were approved for credit over the phone. Walked in, we were warmly greeted and found the gentlemen we had talked with before. We were under NO pressure to buy anything. He gave us time to look for ourselves and when we decided to go ahead with our purchase, it was painless and actually fun. Our salesman was the greatest. We will definitely be coming back to buy from them again!
1	We were in the market for a new refrigerator and maybe an over the stove microwave. We had a nice woman sales person who knew the business. Still having to do our homework, we shopped at two other stores that day then returned to finish the deal. They didn't have the lowest price but we wanted to buy from this person and also decided to get the microwave, too, since they could deliver and install the next day.When the two young guys showed up to deliver and install the microwave and refrigerator, things went downhill fast.`I could tell these guys were very inexperienced and ill-equipped to handle the microwave installation. They had a cordless screwdriver and soon asked for a stepstool so that they could reach the screws in the cabinet to take the old one out.Then they tried to mount the new one to the original backing plate even though one came with the new one. These guys wrestled with this for 20 minutes or more before I had to get involved if it was ever going to get installed. After measuring with my tape measure, the new microwave was taller than the old one. Finally, they decided to mount the new mounting plate. They told me that they couldn't mount it because the original holes in the wall don't match and they are not allowed to drill into the wall. I also had to provide the "butterfly" style nuts for the drywall. How crazy is that?I had to get my drill and level to finish the job because they were not able to use the original holes in the cabinet either, so new holes needed to be made.I called my sales rep asking for the manager to call me. They doubted that I would ever hear from him.We paid $120 for the pleasure. What a hassle!
1	I was in market for a new washer and dryer, went into store and found what I needed. The sales people were great and there was no pressure to buy anything. I was approved for their credit program so I decided to get a new television also. All went well with purchase and delivery. Two weeks later.....the tv goes out and I call to the store and was rudely told I need to contact their repair service department which I did and now three weeks later here I am without a working tv and waiting on a part to come in and Lord knows how much longer until the person can come out to repair. Who has ever heard of a store that doesn't stand behind their product and just replace the merchandise? I have received horrible service from the store manager who said "well what do you want me to do I don't have any power", to the repair department who says "it's not my problem". If I could have done it all again I would have never purchased a thing from this company because I feel as if I have been subject of a con scheme. All I wanted was for a replacement to be issued but because of their "policies" and unwritten "policies" all I have been left with is a headache. If I could have rated this company a negative zero I most certainly would have. I pray my washer and dryer lasts. This company lacks integrity to take care of their customers and customer service is sorely lacking. I will be paying off my account and I will never buy another thing from them again. Buyer beware!!!!
1	Don't trust them , no customer service . Don't waste your money .
1	Was there today to get a small dinette set.   The salesman had the NERVE to take a call on his cell and proceeded to blast his co-workers by ethnicity, I kid you not.  I guess I didn't look like a spending customer.  Jokes on you Mr. Mustache, today was payday. You did not and will not get a red penny of it.
1	Never shop or buy anything from Conns. If you buy anything through their credit it's 3x more then what your buying and they screw you over every way possible. Myself and 30 other people have a lawsuit filed with the attorney General of phoenix Arizona and BBB is investigating their fraudulent practices. Please message me if they have fraudulently screwed you over.
1	Customer service
1	Was approved for "their" financing/credit.  After picking out a few items, we sat down to discuss the financing. The attitude of our sales guy went from friendly to  hardly talking once I started to take items off my order as I didn't want my payments to be over $100 per month. We finally finished the sale, the sales guy got up and said he had to take care of another customer, so a different guy came in to close the sale. I noticed that my address was incorrect the new salesguy told me the original salesguy would have to update it. Um ok?? Before leaving I was assured that my address would be corrected. This was a Wednesday. I specifically asked that they postpone delivery for the following Monday as we were going to be out of town. The very next day I receive a phone call stating they have delivery set up for Friday. I tell the guy that I wanted it delivered on Monday and he says ok no problem, he would push it out until then. He also verified my address which was WRONG and so he updated it. Monday comes, I waited for a phone call, the sound of a truck outside, some kind of sign they were coming. I call the delivery number and they told me I was not on the list of deliveries that day. I then call the store and ask for my sales guy, he's not in yet. I then get a phone call later on stating that they couldn't schedule the delivery because MY ADDRESS WAS INCORRECT. Really. That pissed me off so bad. Without missing a beat, I went down to the store and canceled my order. If they couldn't get the delivery straight I was afraid to see what would happen once I got my first bill. I don't like to feel that I am being played. I was able to cancel without any hassles but did hear lots of excuses and apologies. I am sooooooo glad I canceled. I've read the horror stories all over the internet about this company and their financing. I also found out they have another low interest credit card through GE but they dont offer their customers that because of course they want to sucker you into their own high interest financing. After I canceled the order, I got a phone call stating "hi we have you scheduled for a delivery and will be there tomorrow." I said no you have the wrong info as I've already canceled the order. I ended up going to RC Willey and getting financed there without any problems whatsoever!
5	Recently went to Conn ' and purchased a couch, recliner (which came with a free tv) and a Samsung Gear 2. Our sales person was Phillip. He was great, knowledgeable and very helpful. I felt no pressure to buy. I filled out the online credit form and the next day got a call from him saying I was approved. He asked when I would be in to purchase and I said with in a couple of days but I went the evening instead to just look around to see what they had. I found what I wanted and told Phillip I needed to go over it with my husband and we would come in at a later date. I didn't receive any "when are you coming in" calls or anything like that. My husband and I went in a couple days later. He looked at what I had chosen. We talked to Phillip he wrote up the contract and we were on our way. The delivery was set for the next day.For the delivery we had an appointment at 11 am and it would be done at 12pm. They called at 8 am or so to say our delivery time would be between 12 and 3. While we were at our appointment we got a call saying they we at our house this was about 11:45 am. They actually waiting until we got finished with our appointment and was able to get home at 12:20pm.Great experience all around!!!
1	This place turned me off! I was approved for credit! I went in to buy a washer and dryer. The price match guarantee is only good if the same product is in the competitors weekly ad! What? So I should pay $200+ more for your washer because you approved me for credit? It's a scam and a great way to get a bad name.
1	After I had purchased approximately $6000 in various items over a 2 month time period, I mistakenly assumed that I had developed a good relationship with the folks at Conn's. While purchasing a blue-ray player, I asked a salesman if the player was wi -fi ready and he affirmed that it was.  When I opened the item, I found it was not.  I returned to the store to exchange the item, instead of simply returning the item, the manager referred to his return policy to deny the exchange. The item had exceeded the 30 day return window.  When we purchased the item we clearly stated that it was a gift to be given outside the 30 day period, and this was noted by the salesman on the ticket.Simply put, the store was more willing to lose a frequent customer than to exchange an 80 dollar blue-ray player (for a higher priced item that I would have paid for). Upon contacting their corporate office, I have learned that they consider their return policies concrete and of much greater importance than keeping customers.   I will recommend no one to this company.
1	RUN!!! This place is exactly what it's name says! They're a CON! They lied and said their furniture is made in the USA and it is NOT! It was damaged upon delivery or shipping process, I bought 3 sets of furniture to furnish my new home with. The living room furniture can't be sat on.. I sat on it 3 times and within minutes I had a red burning rash! All over my body! They promised it was all made in the USA. I'll let u read for yourself, Google this " red rash after sitting on new furniture " so now I know why I was getting the rash. They haven't done a thing to help I have been getting the run around for over 3 months.  As for the bedroom set that was delivered its beautiful but obviously damaged upon delivery or in shipping. I have taken off days from work to stay home and meet with the serviceman. He conveniently didn't  show any of the 3 days. Uggg I can't believe their lack of customer service! Oh and for each set of furniture I bought I received a free tv, it was a promotional deal.... So within 2 weeks one of the tv's stopped working. They have had it in repair for 2 months. This place is THE WORST!
