3	Daydream Pool: Daydream the pool club at M resort is openNoon-7pm  Thursday, Friday 11am-7pm Saturday and SundayWhen I called here to find out if local ladies are free (yes they are) they neglected to tell me they where closed on Tuesday, so after getting ready and heading over the pool staff at Villaggio del Sole told us we couldn't come in and sent us on our merry way. We wanted to hang out at Villaggio del Sole but that costs $15.00 even for local ladies so we said forget it considering South Point was down the street and completely free. My sister and I where very in love with M Resorts look over all and wanted to give it another chance at the pool last Thursday so we came back. First we went over to Daydream Pool. Daydream was fun for awhile, but just like rehab or any other adult pool in Vegas there seemed to be mostly men "sharks" sizing up every woman that walked in. And some woman too drunk to handle themselves. The DJ was playing a lot of rap and r&b.....(and she wasn't actually mixing any of the music herself more of a disc jockey rather then a DJ).After ordering a couple drinks each $8.00 (one long island and one wine) we left to the other side Villaggio del Sole. First my sister had to close her tab, the bar tender was really rude she talked to my sister as if she was stupid by telling her she had to go find her waitress in order to close out, "See I'm a bartender NOT your waitress" in a very rude tone. Well we only spent $40.00 in drinks here but alright we'll go track down our waitress..... After waiting a good 10 min. we got to close our tab and leave Daydream. Villaggio Pool was more calm and relaxing. The pool had very few kids and wasn't over crowded when we went. We ordered two more drinks from the bar at Villaggio del Sole the long island was now $15.00 instead of the $8.00 we paid on the other side. Might want to ask how much the drinks are before you order them... Bottom line I love both pools, Villaggio in particular. Beautiful, fun, and relaxing,...but because customer service means a lot to me I am only giving 3 stars. I have rented a room there this week, going to give the spa, hotel, and pool another try. Look for my review on M resort later this week. xo
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  The Muscle Relaxer (cocktail with whey protein). Cabanas could be cleaner.LIKE  Most of the specialty drinks like the Watermelon Mojito and Acai You Later. The DJs I've heard spin there so far (Michael Toast and Risk One). The attentive and beautiful servers. GM Jeff  Kenkel and our host Michael Ferrulli.LOVE  Clients are mostly local. No children. Smaller, intimate setting without being claustrophobic.
5	Out of all the pool parties in Vegas I'm very partial to Day Dream. It's a smaller venue and local crowd. Very laid back and lots of fun. I have had my share of Saturday and Sunday fun days here. The douche bags that frequent the other pools seem to get weeded out here. The crowd has always been fun and the pool employees have always been helpful and easy going. I wasn't able to go last summer as I was overseas. I understand they have a new management team that runs the pool so we shall see how this summer goes.Cheap-er drinks than most places (status quo for the M)Local crowdGreat staffBeer pong tables for a feeAlways a good time
5	This is my absolute favorite pool in town. It's large enough not to feel crowded and there are plenty of places to get a quiet little spot for you and your friends to relax and enjoy a nice day out by the pool. The service is pretty good and they keep good tabs of your requests and needs. Our server checked up on us regularly and even remembered all of our names and memorized our drink orders. Women should take advantage now during the summer with free admission. Definitely worth a trip down to the south side of town.
4	I like this pool because:1. It's off the strip (more locals frequent here)2. Easy entry and re-entry (and it was free when I went)3. Doesn't get as packed as any of the pool parties on the strip4. Cabanas and Bottle service is a lot more affordable5. They play pretty good music6. It's a great pool to be at if you don't want to be at an "over the top" pool party scene with drunk people everywhere (although I frequent the strip pool parties all the time). A pretty chill vibe here.
5	One of my favorite pools in Las Vegas & it is off the stripI enjoy it because usually locals go here & it never really gets too crowded here.  You can always find a seat (well the times I have gone, I found a place to lay by the pool)  However, when it does get too crowded (as those days may come) it is hard to find space in the pool since mostly alot of dayclubs (pool) are small. The cabanas/bottle service is pretty affordable and they have a great choice of music.  The service is good and they do a good job in checking on you which is surprising. Lastly, local girls over 21 has free entry (last time I checked, I dont know if its changed now) Other than that, its $10 for locals & I am not too sure how much it was for non-locals but I dont think it was expensive at all!
5	The customer service definitely is what won me over at this pool.
5	I've been here many times this summer. Definitely reserve a cabana. Unlike other hotels on LV Blvd, you don't have to fight so much with other patrons or pay ridiculous prices to get a good spot. It's typically a locals spot and thus, much more laid back. The service is fantastic! Even the security is way cool. Music is usually really good. Being the end of summer 2013, I'll have to recommend starting out summer 2014 the right way. M RESORT all the wayyyy!!
3	As a local, Daydream used to be one of my favorite summer pools. They have a great dj, drink and food prices were relatively reasonable, local ladies were free, and I believe entry for all others was only $10. You could get a lounger, daybed, or cabana by meeting a food and beverage minimum for your party. Even though it is a bit far away, it was always a great place for a fun pool day, especially if you didn't want to deal with the madness of a Strip pool party.Unfortunately, I was a bit dismayed at how Daydream has changed this year. The good news is that dj is still good, the pool area lovely,  and all of the servers are very friendly and check on you throughout the day.However, it seems that Daydream has lost it's love for locals. Now, entry is $20 if you are not a hotel guest (and yes, that includes  ladies), and there are flat fees for the loungers, beds, and cabanas, no matter how much you spend on food and beverage. Obviously this is a money making tactic, because most people will spend a good amount anyway on drinks at a pool party, so the flat fee just adds to what the pool recoups. One of the managers said it was because people were leaving before reaching the minimum or skipping out on the bill, but that's why you secure the amount with a credit card up front- easy. I understand that they want to maximize profits, but now Daydream has lost the very thing that set them apart and makes it a little less appealing, especially for locals.I still have some love for Daydream, but I hope it doesn't turn into a local's nightmare.
1	I have been going to the M pool since you have opened. It is close to my house and it is always a good time with our friends. This year we will not be going as often or possibly at all with the new management and $20 per person charge just to get in. The M has never been outwardly friendly to locals and this is no different. If you were to offer a season pass per person or couples/family, I would be apt to going as get my moneys worth. I would even be willing to pay $100 for a season pass to use the pool and every time I go I am sure to spend money on drinks and food. $20 per person per visit is too much. You need to bring people into the casino to make money and we will not coming as often with pricing like this. Also when we were there on Sunday it seemed a bit over staffed. Granted the weather probably kept people away but the staff who were there were very inattentive to us (offered drink menu but never returned for an order) especially given the fact that the pool was not crowded at all. I really hope your staff actually read this and make changes to your pricing. For $20 a visit I can go to a lot of other places in town
5	We went to the Daydream pool this weekend and it was great!  This place is off the strip and a lot less crowded.  If you're wanting a day to sit back listen to some beats, have a few drinks and people watch this is the place for you.  If you're looking for the typical crazy pool party I would pass on Daydream.  What we liked about it was the atmosphere and the price.  6 of us got a cabana, 1 bottles of belvedere, 3 buckets if beer, several mixed drinks and good for 480 dollars including tip.  The cabana is also spacious.Had a tv, fridge, freezer, sink and a large couch with 4 lounge beds.  Pool is not very big and towards the end of the day gets full.  However they have a limited number of reservations which keeps it from being overly crowded.  Toni was our server and was great!  The hotel has a Escalade that can pick you up off the strip for 45 dollars and also takes you back for 45.  I don't think you can get a cab for that price.  We will definitely be back to this pool again on your next trip!
5	Off strip, but amazing expensive buffet and hip Sexy pool filled with skinny, plastic enhanced bodies.  Yet, among the gorgeous staff are plain friendly locals who buy lots of food and drinks.  Kid friendly n adult friendly.  There's a separate adult pool area.
3	Ok, made a mistake in my review.  $20 per person now for pool, females included.  Kids 10 n under still free. Weekday, like tonight, pool free, normally $10 weekday.  Follow them on Facebook to know which nights are free. STILL nice pool to cool off.  With rates like $20 pp, you might consider wet n wild or other hotel pools in Vegas.
5	Went to Daydream for a birthday party last weekend and had a great time. Cabanas are really nice with a fan/misters, fridge and freezer, nice seating, safe, and TV. Prices for drinks and food are a little less than the strip. It's a fun environment, still feels like a party but not crazy like the Strip pool clubs. DJ played a good mix of current stuff and older stuff. Pool was heated to a really comfortable temperature too. In earlier reviews people mentioned a $20 cover, it's for guys only, women are free.
