2	This really made a splash when it opened a couple of years ago. A Thai restaurant in an immigrate neighbourhood who mostly eats at home. When they started, the food was superb. The curry was delicate and fragrant. Then the sushi bar appeared. It was obvious they weren't breaking even and the food, the service and the experience have suffered. I still recommend their chicken salad ( serve with mint, cucumbers and nuts) but always take it to go.
3	Attentive service.  Food seems good, but they had a timing issue for meals.  2 of the 4 meals ordered were cold because the others weren't ready.Also, their "vegetarian" menu is not truly vegetarian.  Too bad, because I really enjoy a good peanut butter sauce.  A typical misunderstanding of "vegetarian" wherein fish and seafood products are ok (it's not vegetarian if an animal died to make it).  If that concerns you (fish sauce, oyster sauce, etc) you have to ask to make sure.Besides their Thai dishes, they have sushi too.  I recommend the dessert sushi for sure!
4	Love this place! Been going there regularly for over 7 years.I love the Pad Thai, but also Highly recommend the Duck Curry. The service is very good and they serve some of the best Sushi in town.Must try the fried icecream!Highly recommended for all, families & couples or outing among friends. It has become a bring your own wine in the past couple of years, so very affordable for all.
5	I've been going to Phuket for several years. The food is on par if not better than other Thai restaurants I've been to in the city. The curry dishes are very flavourable.  The menu has also been expanding adding in other Asian dishes. Throw in excellent friendly service and you have a nice eating experience in the East End.
5	My go to place when I'm craving Thai. Has many choices and it's a Byob. Great flavors, sushi and very well priced. When I go the waiter knows my husband so I ask him to make me the "chefs special". It's not on the menu but if you ask for it they will make it. Two pieces of salmon on a bed of crispy spinach stuffed with crab meat and topped with green opinion and caviar. Anyone if their soups are great. I've tried a lot on the menu and everything is good!
4	I love this place. I wish I would go more often. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The food is delish. And it's Byob...... There are NO bad things to say. I can't wait to go back.
5	I've been going there for years and the food is great everytime. Never been disappointed.
