5	Jacqie provides one of the cleanest houses I've ever had. I've used a few services in town but she is faster, more thorough and more friendly than anyone else. The house is always spotless. We have two cats, one large dog, and one messy toddler and the house looks brand new when we get home. Jacqie is always prompt and ready to roll when she arrives. I would 100% recommend For The Love of Clean to anyone and everyone. Oh and the price is right too!
5	I had heard about For The Love Of Clean from a co-worker of mine. My husband and I were in need of a deep house cleaning. I had been sick for close to a month and the dust bunnies were piling up!!! I really wanted someone that I could communicate with and that I could trust in my home. I had heard nothing but great things about Jacqie and the work that she does. I got a hold of her through facebook and we set up a time to meet. She was on time and super sweet when we went through the house. She was kind and loving and careful of my very vocal cat. She did such an amazing job on our home.My husband and I had been doing it ourselves for a year and we really needed the help.  It's a week later and our house still smells and looks fresh and amazing!!! She's coming back next month and I will continue to use this wonderful service for all of our future needs.If you're looking for any type of housekeeping, catering, etc... Get a hold of this woman!!!
5	If you're thinking about who might be helpful to organize, wanted to share my text to Jacqie after arriving home:---------------Just got home & had to tell you again how you WOW'd me! Really appreciate all your work to make this space feel like a home. So appreciated, Jacqie. Thank you :)----------------She's amazing. Had been trying to figure out my space for a while & after having a quick chat with her, she made it happen. Just call!
5	Jacqie was so thorough and so fast! I was embarrassed that I had let my house get as dirty as it was and knew I needed some help so I wouldn't spend my entire weekend scrubbing. Jacqie reassured me it wasn't as bad as I thought it was (it was) and she had it ten times cleaner than I could ever do. I will definitely use her again.
3	I have been thinking about leaving this review for a while now and I feel bad for leaving negative feed back, but this was not a 5 star service. Jacqie cleaned my house a few weeks ago (by no means is my house dirty) and it was ok. She was over half an hour late, I tried to call because I was expecting guests that evening and was getting worried she wasn't going to show, but no answer. When she did show up she didn't apologize about the wait, I don't think she even noticed she was late. I don't know if she was tired from her job that morning but it really seemed like she just wanted to get done and out. She said it would take about 2 hours to get what I needed cleaned, she was done in an hour and a half. When she was cleaning up stairs she actually asked me if I wanted her to dust, well since she didn't bother vacuuming, what else was she going to do? I should have spoke up and pointed out to her that things were not to my liking.  What she did clean was OK, I still found crumbs and sticky stuff on the kitchen counter and missed spots on the hard floors. Even my husband asked what we paid for because he didn't notice much of a difference. After all was said and done I ended up paying too much for something I really just should have done my self. Lesson learned I'm going with an actual company next time.
