5	This is among the best cigar merchants I've found, and thusfar is my favorite in the Phoenix area.  The owner is often there to help you select a cigar that suits your taste, and there's essentially 2 walk-in humidors.  Comfortable seating, large flat panel TV's, and a very relaxed macho feel really make this the place for a cigar guy.  They offer boutique shaving products, watches, and many other items in addition to the usual accoutrements of the cigar smoker.Prices are very reasonable.  Customer "humidor locker" space is available as well.
5	I don't really know where to start when it comes to this place. My friend took me here back in 2007 and from there I was hooked.Its located in the middle of an industrial park adjacent to the Scottsdale Airpark near FLW Blvd, and its out-of-the-way vibe makes it seem exclusive in some way.The staff is extremely knowledgeable and very helpful, and Mitchell, the owner is a very personable down-to-earth guy who knows how to keep repeat customers (such as myself) coming back, even though i live near 44th Street & Thomas.They are always running specials and the they have "tastings" a few times a month, where a cigar brand sends a rep down with free cigars, specials and prizes. Cigar King usually has free food (sandwiches or pizza) and wine set out, and you can puff on a free smoke from whichever brand is visiting that day, and nosh on some free food and wine. You can bring your own beer/wine/booze, but they don't sell any there. Probably too much of a hassle to obtain a license, which is understandable because its a humidor first.Anyway, because of the distance I need to travel, I usually only go up if they're having a tasting event or if i'm going on a trip and/or need to restock. Believe me, i'm no mooch though, and like I said, they know how to keep customers coming back, because while i'm getting my freebies, i ALWAYS drop about $30-$40 on a few of my favorite sticks, or sometimes grab a box.They carry the best brands and have some of the freshest product in the Valley, and all that for very reasonable prices. Its always worth the trip for me. The inside is small, but very nicely done. A room with comfortable chairs and some flat screen TV's is a nice place to relax, and usually during the events, they set out tables, chairs and some big sofa chairs outside in front. A great place to smoke and hangout during the fall/winter/spring. Overall, the best humidor in the Valley. Scottsdale Cigar Club opened a little while ago right down the street and they suck compared to Cigar King. They don't know how to treat their customers at all. Viva Cigar King!
5	This place is just phenomenal for two reasons; the amenities, and the staff.First the staff.  They are not only well-versed in their stock and cigars in general, but exceptionally friendly and helpful.  You won't find guys standing behind a counter waiting for you to ask for help; they are always mingling among the customers asking if they can help with anything.  They know cigars and are happy to share knowledge, while at the same time not being arrogant like some other places' cigar experts.The store and cigar lounge amenities are also fantastic.  Huge space, well ventilated, with lots of comfortable seating.  It's bring your own beer (and alcohol/wine).  There are no membership or other fees, just show up and have a good time.  You don't even have to buy cigars here, nobody is counting.  The owner is usually around and is not only a gracious host, but lets you know he appreciates your business.  He loves cigars and is truly enjoying what he does, and this shows.The most surprising thing is how many house cigars they have.  Also how much they age much of their stock.
5	Part of me hesitates to write this review for fear of the growing popularity ruining a good thing.  Like when your favorite local band finally gets a record deal and you feel validated by the rest of the world figuring out how genius they are - but alas, the fame consumes the band and marginalizes what was once great...I am a novice cigar smoker and have been reminded of that fact at nearly every other lounge in the area, but never at Cigar King.  Great prices, selection, service, but more importantly every one of the guys here make you feel comfortable, welcomed, and respected regardless of whether you buy one stick or three boxes; whether it is your first smoke or your 100th.  Don't let the Scottsdale address fool you, this is not a go a "be seen" lounge.  This is just a great place to enjoy a fine cigar for the best price you will find in the valley.Now, stay true to your roots CK!
5	Huge selection!  Good quality!  Friendly staff!   Female friendly!  And some eye candy ta'boot. :)
5	I've never smoked a cigar.... so why 5 stars??cigar king also has a great selection of watches....very, very cool ones.nice people working there too.
4	This place has a great selection.  Check out there website, they have almost everything.  They don't have a ton on display in the humidor in the main building compared to what they have but don't worry, their warehouse is where it is at.  I suggest picking out a few things online, writing them down and then letting them grab them for you from the warehouse.  This place can be overwhelming if you don't have an idea in mind.  On the bright side the employees I have dealt with (in person and on the phone) have been some of the friendliest in town.  They can always throw out suggestions or chat a little as you are checking out their selectionTheir smoking rooms look great if that is your thing.  Tons of seating and TVs.  Their man cave is insane.  10-20 couches/chairs and probably just an many TVs.  If you have buddies that smoke cigars, this is a place to enjoy one at.  Their ventilation seemed really good when I walked through the rooms which can't be said about all cigar shops.  I think their man cave has an open door to bring in fresh air from outside.  They have a great selection of watches, lighters, and cutters.  I can guarantee no one has their selection.  Their prices are competitive with the biggest online retailers (prices advertised online do not include AZ tobacco taxes).  They offer tons of singles, 5 packs, boxes and bundles.An all around great cigar shop.
5	Drove 50 miles across the valley to visit Cigar King and I all can say is WOW! Wish this place was closer to home so I could visit on a regular basis. Joe gave me the grand tour and recommended a great cigar (Cigar King Aged Reserve Maduro) which I enjoyed in the very comfortable and well ventilated lounge. After my smoke I purchased a box of the cigar he recommended and another box of a harder to find item. Both boxes were very reasonably priced.Will definitely be back to Cigar King.
4	I luv Cigar King!Cigar King may have the largest humidor this side of the Mississippi, and they may have a good selection of fine time pieces, and a large selection of men's grooming products, but their customer service is superior!Cigar King has a large selection of fine cigars at a fair price!  I prefer to purchase my cigars from Cigar King versus local retailers because of their reasonable prices.Be sure to check out Cigar King's website and read their reviews from their qualified staff!
5	Been here so many times I've lost count, yet the quality has not only remained high, I believe it's been taken to a higher level if that's possible. Some of the things I failed to mention in my original review was that they have a considerable inventory of nice watches and shaving products, and very nice, high end stuff at that.Second, their staff is the best, bar none, of any humidor I've been to, whether it be Arizona or the several other states that I've smoked in. Friendly, attentive, and above all VERY knowledgeable on all their product. They've recommended brands and types for me, and when i was buying for some friends who aren't exactly the biggest cigar smokers (maybe 2 sticks a year types), and they've never once steered me wrong.Also, they've opened up a lounge in the back, the Diamond Crown room. Flat screens, hi top tables, sofas, laz-e-boy recliners and a great air filtration system. They didn't have this yet when i wrote my original review. Great space for relaxing in all year round.All this, plus they have an online store and delivery where you can purchase everything they have. I had a box of Rocky's sent to my brother in Massachusetts for Christmas. Got there in no time. I've never had a bad time or poor quality product from this establishment, and like i said before, all these things keep me coming back. I won't go anywhere else for my smoking needs.Customer service, quality, great prices, and an owner who knows his clientele. All that adds up to a great experience.
5	I live in Goodyear..... For those of you that are not familiar with a map of the "Metro Phoenix" area, you might as well be in LA it is so far out west. I say that to say this, I drive from Goodyear to Cigar King because it is that awesome! The place, the staff, the stock, the warehouse, the selection, all is about as good as it gets. On my day off I will make the trek across the valley to visit in my mind the best cigar store I have seen in 16 years!
1	If I could give this place ZERO stars I would.  Signed up for their mailing list, and then received an email from them this past Monday (6-24-13) announcing a sale on Camacho Corojo Cigars.  I immediately went to their site eager to buy these cigars and do business with them.  I added the Camacho Cigars to my cart and entered my "first time customer" discount code and proceeded to check out.... whoa...  not so fast...  every time I entered my credit card information it would simply bring me back to my shopping cart. After several attempts of trying to checkout  I realized that I was stuck in this silly endless loop.  I went home and tried it on 2 PC's and I was still stuck in the endless loop on those PC's also.  So I contacted their customer service department via email..... Surprise....no response at all...... not even the common courtesy of a reply.  As a resident of Arizona I probably should have drove the 30 miles from East Mesa to their store, but after this horrible experience and their total lack of customer service I will never do business with this place. Back to Cigars International I go..... where customer service is always superior!!!  The "Cigar King" is obviously not even a "Prince" in the cigar world!!!!!
5	When I first pulled up to Cigar King I thought this was going to be a small little shop with a small selection.. Well I was blown away when I walked in.. Not only do they have a massive selection of cigars but they also have a huge cigar lounge which is pretty sweet. I wish we had a place like this back in NM.  Not only does this place sell cigars, they also sell watches and shaving products. I think I just found my new favorite shop!
5	Great Prices on the best selection of fine cigars and watches in Arizona! I have been a customer of The Cigar King for 10 1/2 years and swear by their customer service and outstanding inventory. Whether you're looking for hard to find sticks or just your favorite brand, the humidor will always have it stocked and waiting for you.If you collect timepieces, every year the owner travels the world to find watches that you would be proud to own. My Glycine Laguna with the yellow strap is my favorite when I'm at the beach and always gets a compliment.When looking for executive gifts; you can always be sure that whether you chose a watch, pen, humidor, lighter, cigar-cutter, shaving set or men's personal care products from their knowledgeable staff, you will be shopping to impress.Make sure to visit the lounge and mingle with the crowd of avid aficionados..
5	I moved here from the DC area about 4 months ago and have been coming to Cigar King for years.  Now I am able to come here much more often.  The store offers 3 different stores all in one plus a great lounge equipped with roughly 5-6 tv's.  The cigars humidor is packed with all the brands you know at great discounted prices.  The staff  is super friendly and very knowledgeable.  One recommendation is if you don't see the exact cigar you want, just ask. They usually stock every ring gauge and size but obviously can't display them all.  The second line are the watches!!!! They do an amazing job in this area as well. Tons of inventory, great prices, and Joe(the watch guy) knows his stuff.  The last lines is the shaving cream and body lotions.  The brand Hirsh luxury was created by the owner and bares his last name.  Getting to meet him and talk to him about this product, you realize very quickly the he would never of put his name on the labels unless he truly believed it was the best product out  there.  I finally pulled the trigger this week and bought some(lemon). He was right and I am hooked.  Sorry Kiehl, Hirsh Luxury is taking over.One last thing for anyone new to the area or visiting, on Friday the shop has their Cigar vendors come in and offer free cigars to try and super deals on those cigars.  There will usually be a ton of customers around on that day and everyone is friendly. It is a great place to meet new people.
5	Home away from home. Great selection of Cigars, wrist watches and shaving products. Great place to hang out and have a smoke and watch sports on 6 large tv screens. No membership fees and you can also store you collection in the back room free of charge. Highly recommend Cigar King.
5	My husband has been smoking cigars and shaving with products from the Art of Shaving for over ten years. I visited the Cigar King and was impressed with the selection of personal care products, cigars, watches, and smoking accessories. I proceeded to inquire on all of the above mentioned items. I purchased many personal grooming products by Hirsch. In addition, I bought my husband a yellow and black g-shock watch....one of a kind....finally, I also selected several cigars with the help of Mitchell Hirsch. I highly recommend a visit or an on-line order. You won't be disappointed!!!!
5	These guys are great! The staff is helpful and always friendly. They take the time to get to know you and make you feel like you're part of the club. The lounge they have in back is amazing! TV's and lounge chairs to watch the game or do some work all while smoking your favorite cigar. It's definitely my go-to place for great cigars.
5	Best cigar personnel and selection in AZ !! Mitch and the guys go all out to make sure you're treated like you are a king!
5	Cigar King wins on so many fronts.  The cigar selection is more than extensive.  The people that work there are very familiar with the different sticks and are able to talk in detail about the complex flavors in each.  If are looking for something new and can describe what you want, they can help you choose the stick to match your description.  Mitchell (the owner) and his team do an excellent job in promoting the cigar brands with all sorts of events.  The lounge is very comfortable and a nice place to hang out with friends.  BYOB  There is no membership fee for the lounge.  It is a place for loyal Cigar King fans to gatther, enjoy a cigar without judgement, meet with friends, and just hang out.  Cigar King also sells online and has very good stock.  Much more than could be expected at a regular store.  This is what cigar stores should be shooting for.
5	One of life's simple pleasures is loving what you do.  Everyone of the guys that works at cigar king gets to enjoy just that everyday when they show up for work.  It's clear they all love their job.  Few times have I ever walked into a store and experienced the service these guys deliver.  Doesn't matter if you've been there once or this is your 100th time back they are there to help and answer what ever type of question you might have.  When I think of cigar king I think of one of the most "bro" places on earth.  If you are in scottsdale and in need of a cigar, watch, shaving gear or just a place to relax with the bros this is your spot.  Hats off to yelp for connecting me with this brotastic establishment.
5	Cigar King is a serious diamond in the rough and a lot more than I expected.  They are located in an industrial area in a nondescript building.  Once I opened the front door there are multiple display cases with a good selection of Grand Seikos and ST Dupont Ligne 2 lighters which is an excellent first sign.Their large walk in humidor is loaded with shelves of premium cigars such as Ashton VSG, ESG, Padron 1964, 1926, Davidoff Millenniums, etc.  What really impressed me was that if I didn't see the cigar I was looking for I just had to ask the sales person and he would go to their warehouse and get them for me.   Cigar King has possibly the friendliest staff that I have met in any of the hundreds of tobacconists that I have been lucky enough to visit.  On my second visit of the week I was helped by Gary and he gave me a tour of their operation.  This included the large building across the parking lot that contains their online shipping.  This building is actually a huge humidor filled with multiple industrial racks of cigar boxes.  The only place that I have seen more boxes is at the Corona Cigar shops in Orlando.Back in their main building Cigar King has a watch shop with a good selection from Glycine, Fortis and Maurice de Mauriac.  Right in back of the watch shop is a spacious lounge appointed with comfortable chairs and multiple big screen televisions.  I was very impressed with their buyer's taste in watches, cigars and cigar accessories(Dupont, Porsche Design, etc.).Overall the combination of selection, price and especially the great service make Cigar King a must visit for anyone who appreciates cigars that is near Scottsdale!
5	Great selection of cigars. A lot better priced then back home in Milwaukee (stupid Tobacco tax). They even allow u to bring in your own drinks in, most place I've known frown on this, so when I heard that I was excited. Cigar King will match their website price and will give u great deal and great recommendations! Joe is the guy to talk to. He's only 20 but the kid knows his stuff, love to talk but is very informative and has great customer service. Will go above and beyond to help you. This place also has a killer selection of watches and high end shaving cream. I was  hooked when I saw the shaving cream with old school brushes. I got a synthetic one for $20 with the holder. And I will never go back to shaving cream in a can. The stuff they had 2 8oz jars for $30. Art of Shaving, alone coat about $30. U might say compared to Edge or Gillette that super expensive but the blade cuts right through and doesn't get the cream stuck in the razor. Super clean smooth shave. I'm really starting to enjoy shaving a lot more.If you just want to chill and smoke a cigar their lounge is a clean exposed garage with wild game on the walls, so if ur a member of PITA this place is not for you :), and at least 8-40" tvs for all the sport games. Over 10 oversized lounge chairs. This is the place to check out. They even have an old school wet bar like section where u could play cards if you wanted.Def worth the trip! I can't wait to watch football there!
5	Great place ! Friendly owner & staff ! Nice humidor & great pricing, on first visit owner greeted my wife & I as family !  We found a home.
5	Beautiful lounge with a large selection of cigars,Barber shop includes awesome watches from 2k to 30 k,my husband and I were greatly welcomed and will certainly comeback. Thank you for calling us family.
5	I've been going to Cigar King since the opened and am a huge fan. Mitch is a very gracious host and goes out of his way to make everyone feel welcome. It's a great place to relax with a good stick and meet up with old friends and make new ones.
5	Most of my cigar-smoking life has been here and for good reason.
