4	Wanna learn principles of dessert decoration? Take in a course here.  I got to try a the red velvet and a chocolate cupcake, and I will have to say very impressed, particularly because it wasn't too sweet, and you get a good moist cake.  I loved how I got to taste chocolate without the extra sugary taste with it.I drove from the southwest of Montreal all the way to try these out, and it was definitely worth it! So remember if you can, you'll wanna get your hands on these.
5	Cookie decorating and cupcake making hardly sounded like an exciting night to me, not to mention the fact that I've got near zero artistic talent. Even with a high likelihood of a disappointing evening I decided to make the trek out to Sweet Isabelle simply to visit with friends.  With a giant smile and fond memories I can honestly say it was the most fun I've had in quite awhile.  The owners Isabelle and Michel were incredibly nice and welcoming. Isabelle has a great sense of humor and so much energy it's contagious.  We were given a short tutorial in cupcake making with taste testing, then we went wild with the pastry tubes squeezing out our creations. Into the oven they went and then we were off to an entertaining lesson in cookie decorating.  Before long we were kneading and rolling and cutting the marshmallow play-dough that we glued to the cookie.  With firmly attached play-dough the real fun started as we decorated our cookies with crazy eyes, psychedelic flowers, and brightly colored sprinkles.  It was awesome fun seeing everyone's crazy cookie creations and it was totally OK to eat the play-dough.The evening flew by and ended before any of us were really ready to go.  Isabelle made sure to see us off with warm invitations to return and a bag full of our own personalized cookies and cupcakes.A cookie decorating night at Sweet Isabelle is a perfect experience with a group of friends, or something the whole family can enjoy. So next time you want to do something fun for a birthday, celebrate a special occasion, or just feel like something a little different, Sweet Isabelle is the place to be.
