4	Amazing product.  I have had it on my Droid 2, and have talked several of my friends into getting it.   The screen cover is by far better than the ones you purchase and put on yourself.  I got the package that covers your entire phone (front, back, sides).  Its amazing because you can't any part of your phone.  I use my media docking station, and my car dock daily.  With a normal case I would have to take it off everytime I would use them..  best phone product you can get (exception of an extended battery being the best).   Best part is its warrantied for life..I've had mine fixed a few times just from my own stupidity.  Only thing that would make it a 5 star is if they had more locations, or not be in the center isle in a mall
1	Poor business practice!  I posted a comment on here yesterday about the crappy service I received in Fort Lauderdale at the kiosk in the Galleria Mall, but Ghost Armor continues to remove it when I repost, obviously to cover up any negative practices so the only thing that people see here on their Facebook page is the good stuff.  Too bad that the posting wasn't left for people to understand that the full disclosure isn't being provided, prior to closing the sale, as to how the replacement plan works.  The kids who work at the kiosk in Fort Lauderdale pitch the product, but they DON'T tell you that you have to return the old Ghost Armor film to get the next new one for $5.00.  So, I go to get the new one after the old one had been removed and I'm told that I'm out of luck.  The guy was really rude and blew me off with an attitude.  I contacted the corporate office and was told that I should have read the fine print on the sales receipt (buyer beware, they tell you all the seemingly good stuff, but don't tell you the important stuff).  So they pitch the sale and suck you in and then you're on your own.  Very bad, and it felt like part of the excuse from the Corp office was that the Florida mall kiosks are privately owned, but if I would go home, get online, complete a registration process, then call the corp office back again they would issue a warranty or something, then GO BACK to the mall to the rude punk... yeah right, I don't think so, for a piece of plastic!I would NEVER return to a Ghost Armor location or purchase this product EVER again.  If the corporate office blames the privately owned franchises and don't hold them to a high standard, then the problem is at the corporate level.Let's see how long this post is left before they remove it again.  Well it lasted 4 minutes the last time.  Ghost Armor is removing my post as soon as I repost it because they refuse to let anyone say anything negative, instead of resolving the issue, they prefer to hide a single complaint.  Bad business practice again Ghost Armor.  You brag about your product, but don't stand by good policy and allow your franchise operators to tarnish your reputation, which I don't think there is much of a reputation here because if anyone says anything negative you remove it.  Sneaky and disreputable.
1	It's there not a zero star option?   Watch your phone.   This location mixed up people's Iphones yesterday when they came to market and everyone was getting them protected giving several people the wrong phone with different carriers.   It's a pain in the ass now where the security on phones appears as though they have been stolen when they tried activating them.  Bottom line is that this place had very poor chain of control.  Watch out.
1	I have used ghost armor for iPhone 3G, 2 iPhone 4, iPad, 4 iPhone 5/5s. Loved all of them and great product. Do NOT buy for the iPhone 6. The corners don't stay down. I brought it back two days later and their answer was to cut (remove) the corner pieces. I buy this product to protect the screen and the corners. Still a good screen protector but not worth $40 to protect all but the corners of your phone. If you have the older iPhones go for it, do not for the iPhone 6. Customer service and 7 day warranty is worthless here. Beware.
