4	A fine new Italian trattoria that replaces the Shanghai Chinese restaurant that was at this location.  The food is excellent, the prices very reasonable, the service helpful, and the tripe and mussels  just scrumptious.  Definitely a plus for the area.  A new buffet luncheon table, an addition to its regular lunch menu, is wowing the customers.  Prices are moderate, and the $$$ above strikes me as very wrong.  Two $$ is much more like it.
4	Thanks to Restaurant.com we discovered Il Poggio d'Italia which is tucked away inside the Pima Crossing shopping center on Shea just west of the 101. In it's last incarnation it was Shanghai China, an overly decorated place with boring food . This time the decor suits the cuisine. Owner/chef Tom Giresi serves up sophisticated southern Italian dishes at surprisingly reasonable prices (it's a steal if you have a Restaurant.com coupon).This is a place with tablecloths and an excellent wine list. There's lots of wood and stone, which is attractive but noisy. And a well-dressed Scottsdale crowd - shame on us, we were in our T-shirts and jeans. For a Thursday night, the restaurant was hopping. We were immediately served a pleasingly plated dish with sliced baguette, butter, and some caponata. The eggplant spread was less assertively tomatoey than usual and had pine nuts and raisins - delicious. We perused the menu and were surprised to find dishes like tripe and pig skin bracciole. So many things caught our attention that we decided to graze. Happily, our friend Pat was along, so we were able to order a larger than usual selection.Pat chose the stuffed mushrooms, 5 for $4 or 10 for $8. The sausage/breadcrumb/cheese stuffing was tasty, and the mushrooms properly cooked. We couldn't resist trying the pig skin bracciole ($6). It's stuffing was, again, excellent, and the pig skin was succulent - maybe too succulent. I enjoyed my first piece, but couldn't bring myself to have another, it was that rich. The marinara sauce spooned on top was light and flavorful, and also went well atop our order of polenta ($6). The polenta had been cooked and allowed to cool so that it could be cut into bars and sauteed, yielding a nice crust. Our "individual" order of broccoli rabe ($4 - as opposed to the family size for $12) was enough for the three of us to share. It was toothsome, with a nice lemon/garlic flavor. I'm pleased to say that none of our dishes were over-salted. Perhaps the thing that pleased Ken and me the most was that anchovies were available, at no extra charge, for our Caesar salad, and they gave us lots! The dressing was a little on the light side for my taste, but pleasant.I regret that I can't tell you about the entrees, but they sounded good, and there seems to be enough variety to please everybody. There were 3 soups, and 9 pastas which ranged in price from $14 to $21). Steaks and lamb ($20 - $25), lots of chicken dishes, a veal parmigiana ($18), shrimp scampi ($20) and salmon ($17) are waiting for your approval. The only offerings that struck me as mundane were the desserts: cheesecake,  ice cream, tartuffo and the ubiquitous cannoli and tiramisu.Guess how much we paid, including tip, using our coupon - $26 !!!!
5	I LOVE this place. I eat Italian all the time, but this is true Italian. They have the best happy hour until 6 and they give you FREE appetizers during happy hour. The filet is prepared perfectly, the pasta - amazing. The deserts rock! The service is awesome and food is spectacular, try it!!!!
5	Family is important at this gem of a resturant.  Authentic Italian dishes cooked by a chef by way of NYC.  Great atmosphere, and the braschole with sunday gravy, bellisima.  Okay that's all the Italian I know which as you can see is not that much.  This is a great place to come, dress casual, or wear a suit, what ever, and sit back and enjoy the food.  For me it's like eating at a resturant like Sinatra in vegas, without the $400 bill.  Granted the bill was about $175, but we had a lot to eat and drink. Next time your in the mood to take a trip down italy lane, this place won't steer you wrong.
5	We really didn't expect to find such an impressive restaurant in a small shopping center but it's amazing!  The owners Tom and Kathy, the chef, Casey and the waiters and bartender are unbeatable.....Friendly and efficient.  Their happy hour is unbelieveable.  The entress are wonderful  and authentic Italian!  The best in town....or maybe the West! We took a group of 18 for happy hour and they didn't miss a beat taking orders, and serving some of the most delicious food!  Everyone was thrilled and vowed to return again and again!
5	So sad to see such a great Italian Resturant close its doors.  The menu was superb, the wine list (and price) excellent, the service great and the decor was good.  The location was not the greatest and may have contributed to the closing of the doors. Where did the chef, owner, staff go? I want to try out the new venture.  This was one of my favorites
