5	Very nice and CLEAN! All the tools are in sterilized packages. Great pedicure and prices. Highly recommended!
4	When I went in, they had a few other customers. I was seated right away. An older lady did my nails. She was very thorough, but also very slow. It took 90 minutes for a fill, so needless to say I was late coming back from my lunch. Thus the reason for the 4 star rating. Everything was very clean and they did a fabulous job. Almost a month later and I'm barely needing a fill as the color has lasted. I showed them a design from Pinterest and they duplicated it perfectly and even took their own pictures of my nails. I received a card for 20% off my next visit that I plan on using. Total was $45 for a gel fill, polish and design which I have found to be fairly competitive in this area for a gel finish and design.
5	I love this new nail bar. I'm always trying new places out, so I've had my fair share of experiences. All the techs are great.  I especially like Tyler doing my gel manicures. Amanda is a sweetheart and did a great job at waxing my eyebrows. I can't complain about any of the work I've had done there. Only issue to me is that it's sometimes hot and even quiet. All the booths may be filled with clients, but there's no TV Sound or music which would help the atmosphere. They do have fans, but the AC could be turned up a knotch as the summer temps hit.
1	Took my hubby in for a pedicure. Tech was very sweet but way too aggressive on the callus removal. She cut up his feet pretty badly. He is in pain today! Not going back, obviously. My pedicure was good, thank goodness.
4	You know what I like this little nail shop, I think it opened at the end of 2013 so everything is still new and in good shape. It has ten big comfy plush chairs for pedicures and a literal bar set-up where they do regular and gel manicures. There are two HD TV's normally set to the news or some type of Asian soap. The people are friendly and the service is fast. Everyone in the shop has decent English (for the most part) and seems to enjoy what they do. I like how they have laminated cards showing their different nail packages with prices clearly printed. I've only had Mani/Pedi's here so I can't speak on the other services, be sure to bring cash to tip!
1	I don't have a regular pedicure place, and decided to give this place a try while out running errands.  It was clean, the staff was friendly, though not chatty.  I got an express pedicure with callus removal add on.  I have a chemical burn on the top of my foot from the callus remover gel - she put it on with gloved hands then grabbed my foot, After she sanded my feet onto a piece of newspaper - she took it outside to the front and threw away the paper in the shopping center trash (?? weird!).    With the polish she complained several times about how small my baby toe nail was (yep, I know it's small, put a glob on and maybe something will stick!  don't whine about it!)  And post polish there was no just hang out and let yourself dry time - she put on my shoes, checked me out and shuffled me out the door.  By the time I got home both my big toes were messed up - I guess I should have just chilled in the car for a bit - and had my own dry time.
4	Upon trying to find a new nail salon I stumbled upon Glamour Nail Bar due to its close proximity to Ross which I can't get enough of. I saw their sign for a $15 express pedicure and went in with my sister for a trial run. They sat us right away and were very pleasant and professional. The salon was noticeably clean and organized as well.  Neither of our nail techs were much for small talk which is perfectly fine with me and actually much appreciated. I'd honestly rather close my eyes and relax anyway. Due to the extremely reasonable prices I also decided to get a backfill which I was pleased with as well. So all and all I enjoyed my experience and plan on going back.
2	I regret to inform you that the prices are reasonable for a reason. It hasn't even been a full two weeks and my nails and toes both look pretty awful. The techs did a good job but the product is not very good or it would have lasted... On to try out the next nail salon... Ugh
1	My first visit to this nails salon and I was disappointed. They are not good in listening to what you want. I wanted stiletto nails and that guy who did my nails was hasty in getting the job done as quickly as he can. Totally disappointed with my nail shape as they were not filed property. Not going to go back. Total waste of time and money!!!
5	Definitely the place to go!! I have been going to the people that run this place for over 5 years now, and I'll never go any where else! Request Tyler or Amanda! Great prices and amazing work.
4	I normally come to locations close to where I live and have been here several times. Each time it's better than the last. Today, I got a pedicure and full set. During the pedicure, got a scrub and mask on my tired legs, toes were lovingly treated, and a much needed callous removal. All at a reasonable cost. The full set was great, seeing as I only get a full set every once in a blue moon. They're were many colors and priced to choose from. The client next to me got the express pedicure and was out in under 30 with very cute pink toes.
4	I am a broke college kid but whenever I get spending money, my friends and I always go here! I've done some research and this place seems to be the cheapest for pedicures which is really convenient. Even when you get the express pedicure, they still massage your feet and put hot towels on them which is relaxing. -1 star though for the roughness sometimes when they fix your feet but hey beauty is pain! :)
