5	Much better than my local Nike Store.Isaac K and Molly H manage this store and they have a great selection.  I spent to money I won at I didn't travel with luggage so I had it all shipped two day for under $40.  They provided email follow-up  w/a tracking number two days after my purchase.  GREAT service!
4	They have a great selection here.  I got a new gym bag for $30 and a sweatshirt for $24.  If you're a huge Nike fan, come here!
4	The Nike store at the premium outlet mall is one of the best places to get all your outlet gear at fantastic prices.  The store is huge, one of the biggest stores in the mall, and the selection and pricing are second to none.
2	Ok, this store has a great selection of products.....however, the service here sucks, which is why I gave it 2 Stars.  I would have given it 1 Star but the selection of products bumped it up to 2 Stars.Was shopping with my son for a pair of shoes and had to ask for assistance.  There were 3 people working within 10 feet of us and none of them came up to ask us if we needed any help.  Meanwhile, my son was trying on shoe after shoe.....he tried over 10 pairs of shoes and still no help from anyone.We finally found a pair he liked and went to pay for it.  It was about 30 minutes until closing and there was a line of about 20 people and 4 cashiers.  When we got to the front of the line, I could hear one of the cashiers say really loud to another...."Damn, where the hell did all this customers come from?!  Don't they have better things to do?".....now, she said this with contempt in her voice.  Clearly she wanted to go home right at closing, but with a store full of customers and a long line of PAYING customers, it was cutting into her free time.That comment made me sick......in today's economy, she should be happy that they had a long line of people at the cash register!  Ungrateful.....she doesn't understand the value of a customer.Based on her comments & the lack of customer service from the 3 lazy people who was near us and didn't offer help.....I've determined that it's not a one-off situation, but a regular problem with this store.  Clearly they don't know how to service customers.I wish my son would have found something he wanted at the Adidas store....they were very friendly and helpful.Will I return?  ~with a frustrated voice~ Only because there aren't more options for Nike Outlet Stores.....just the one on the South End of the Strip, which is inconvenient for me.
3	Bought some of my favorite 360's here and the bonus was I got some extra shoelaces for $1.99. Like many Nike Factory Stores, they're really busy so finding someone to help you is like being in a Best Buy. Anyway, everything is similar to all other Factory Stores which makes it easy for me to cruise in and out in record time. That's a big bonus for me.
3	Decent selection for men and kids.  Women's selection has lots of desirable styles, but NOT color choices.  Unless you're really into highlighter yellow, cotton candy pink, and other psychadelic choices.For the win, found an awesome orange and black drawstring bag for $9.99.  GO GIANTS!  Just sayin!
4	Some of the workers called my husband D.Wade as we were walking out... WTF? LOL They got jokes. Real nice peoples working there.My husband hates Nike so we rarely step foot into any Nike stores, except if we're w/ other family members that would like to visit the store or purchasing a gift. Our last visit was w/ my Mother-in-law and I have to say, the selection at this store is pretty decent but, this is coming some an avid Adidas shopper, not Nike-- not by choice haha!The store is pretty big and well maintained, for an outlet store.
3	I used to shop here but lately just looking at the shoes- if and when they are on sale. The prices are steep, otherwise. (And maybe that's why I prefer Adidas so much too.) My husband still likes their stuff so we end up coming here to browse. I should mention that I got a marked down tank top for a girl (yeah, sometimes I can fit into kids clothes) for pretty cheap- that I still wear today especially in the summer. My favorite thing about this store is the fact that they have a huge bin in front (kinda near the cashiers) to recycle your shoes, which gets used in some material for roads, parks, and such. Timberland has one too, except you would get an additional 10% off your purchase though. Hinting to Nike to do some sort of similar promotion (wink, wink). Anyway, I am all about recycling, so this is is the neatest thing about Nike- it's been a long running promotion.
4	As with most outlets it can be hit or miss. This locations usually has a good selection, and unlike some other locations it's pretty well organized. The workers came around every so often to ask if we needed help.
4	I love Nike..! Majority of my work out gear is Nike.. Nike is always a stop if we see the store out on a shopping day.. My bf likes their dry fit stuff.. I do too.. I felt like this location had better items than my location back home.. I was bummed to find a great pair of comfy running shoes and just my luck they don't have it in my size.. Hopefully I find it at my local Nike Factory.. which I doubt. they did have a great infant selection...my daughter scored a very cute pair of sneaks for 25 bucks!! The boyfriend found a good pair of running shoes for work I think for 60 bucks? Score!! Even tho I didn't find anything this time around, I was def. content with our visit here.. Nike rocks!
5	Ok, if you're a sneaker fiend like me, you don't necessarily want to spend more than you have to on shoes. Nike Factory Store at Premium Outlets has gotten a lot of my business, but they always have great shoes at great prices. A must go!! And there's a good chance you'll see me there.
4	Whenever I drive to Vegas, I always make it a point to stop in at the Nike Factory Store.  I usually pick up a couple pairs of shoes for the year.Nothing too unusual about this location.  Similar to any factory outlet store...tons of people and some items placed where they're not supposed to be.  The staff during my last visit were pretty friendly and quite helpful.Can't beat them for the products and the prices.  The fact that sales tax is cheaper in Vegas vs LA is just another bonus.  I'll be back, next trip to Vegas.  Wait, that's in a month!
4	This is a really big store. The deals you find here are really good too. The cashier lines might get a bit long but there are a lot of cashiers so it moves very quickly
5	The best store at these outlets!Strong selections across the board, everything Nike can be found here and the prices for some of the shoes are amazing.My wife purchased some Nike running shoes for 25 bucks... they discounted 10% because there was a tiny speck of dirt on the shoes... that's great service! The outlet is bigger than the others and is spaced out very well.  Plenty of help from the friendly staff and they ask you if you need help before you have to flag them down.  The basketball shoes selection is decent, but the bread and butter belongs in the TSHIRTS!! Yesss!! 15 bucks a pop... and if you're like me, you'd love the motivating slogans.I purchased a "MY FEET HURT FROM KICKING SO MUCH ASS" tshirt and chopped off the sleeves--needless to say I feel like a beast in the gym now thanks to the Nike Factory Store O_O.P.S. I actually really enjoy the temperature here too... it's not as cold as some of the other stores... that counts for something right?! HAHA.
4	Just do it! I like to buy shoes and work out clothes here. I tell my wife to take the kids and leave me here alone so I can get lost at the store. I enjoy shopping here because I can find great deals on shoes and shirts. This is a great store so I can stock up on shoes for the year. The music at the store gets me in the mood for some spending, after all I am in Vegas. Friendly staff with an upbeat attitude and big smiles. The other plus is the cold air, this store is a great escape from the outdoor heat.
3	Definitely a place to check out if you have family in town. Not just Nike, but the Outlets in general.You find just about anything of your slightly outdated Nike needs at this location. If I need a pair of sneakers asap, I'll stop at Nike. Eastbay usually has better deals so if you're comfortable shopping online, I'd go that route.I can't say anything outstanding about this place - it's just okay.
4	This Nike Store usually has decent stuff.  Prices may be a bit higher and selection is a bit smaller than the store at South Premium.  Best time to come in is when they have their 40% off additional on clearance apperals and 20% off  additional on clearance shoes.  Staff is always friendly and asking if you need help.  Place gets packed with tourists.
4	You can be sure to find some diamonds in the rough here.  They do have decent selection of shoes, but check back often for surprise goodies.  At just about every corner you turn, friendly staff is always there to assist.  I swear this one sales associate had the most patience I have ever experienced. She literally stood there and helped me find my size in a couple of shoes as I went from 5.5 - 7.5 women's. As each pair was still too big, she'd cheerfully hand me the next size down.  It may seem like a large outlet store when it's empty... But watch out during the holidays, as it gets pretty crowded.
2	PUT THE SAME SIZE SHOES IN THE APPROPRIATE BOXES...and when you absolutely fail to do so please refund my credit card in a timely (not 14 days) manner.
5	Can't go wrong with the nike factory. I walked in here over the weekend that man they have got the place designed so very nicely with NFL gear right now. They have a full on display of NFL uniforms right now. I was lucky to walk in on a Sunday and still snag a pair of shoes that were sold out in any other area. I got it in my size and I was really happy. Sometimes I wished I lived here so this could be my usual sneaker pick up spot.
5	love nike stuff
4	The Charleston Nike outlet... always busy, a little smaller than the Las Vegas Premium outlets location but good finds nonetheless. I used to find great deals here all the time but my last trips to Vegas havent been so fruitful at this location. It doesn't deter me from always making a stop at this outlet whenever in town. Park in the parking structure cause it's a short walk to Nike. Search the back wall for clearance marked shoes. You might just find a gem in the stacks. Last time I was in town all the shoes on the back wall were an additional 20% off.
4	Love this outlet considering its got more selection and monthly special deals. Keep a good eye on those good deal zapatos. Place attracts lots of customers especially tourists since its part of the Strip end.
3	Since we moved out of town, we don't shop here as much as when we were Vegas locals.  However, since it's so big and oftentimes has great prices on shoes and clothing, we pop in from time to time when we're in town.  I've found some great deals on shoes at this location.  My Son loves coming here too.The customer service has improved since my last review over 3 yrs ago.  They must've cleaned house or those bad employees quit.  Either way, I'm happy to see the improvement.Return Factor - 65%
1	Parking in the mall is horrible. We went into the parking structure and was caught in a line of cars that wouldn't move. After 15 minutes in a traffic jam without parking, we decided to leave. And we couldn't get out. Half an hour later after entering the traffic nightmare, we are still unable to exit the parking lot. The folks they hired to direct traffic are not able to manage the traffic and pedestrians. My suggestion is to NEVER come to this mall unless you can afford to spend 45 mins or more stuck in the parking traffic.
5	Love this place I always buy my boys clothes shoes and socks from here and all the little extra stuff. The staff is so nice and helpful they rock
4	Despite being a model or two behind the regular Nike store found on the Strip, their prices are a lot cheaper here.  Coming from Utah, their models are still ahead of the Nike stores there.  I generally go through their shoe every 1-2 years, and this seems to be the place to pick up those bright and flashy attires.I never had trouble with service here unless she was trainee.  Military personnel also gets discount here, for the travelers and Nellis folks.
1	Yelp shows that this Nike location closes at 11:30pm. Got there at 10pm and it was closed and the workers were long gone. What sucked about the whole thing is that I'm in town for a couple of days and this was a total waste of time.
5	I am very very impressed by the customer service offered by one of the manager. I bought Nike men's shoes for $99.99 for my husband and they did not suite him (he got very bad back pain from wearing those shoes), I had no receipt so I asked the guy at the register and he will only give $69 towards my purchase but I asked for a store manager and this guy (don't remember the name but awesome awesome guy) who seems to be the manager said he will give full refund, and did not seem bothered by me asking him to help me, had a smile on his face and very kind hearted. I loved the kindness and his customer service This review is only for the store manager You are the best My husband works out a lot and plays tannis so we buy two pairs every two months I will never go to any other store now This is my only shoes shopping place for all his work out n tennis shoes :)
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, this is a must stop! Had some World Class service from the Nike associate named King! Brought a shirt that I might like even before I asked. I had been looking for that shirt for two months!
