5	Awesome people, great prices, excellent automotive know how.  If you need just preventative Maintance to engine replacement this store can do it all.
1	Are you kidding me?!?!?!?$610 after takes for 4 tires priced at $105/each! $180 in installation and taxes???? And to top it off the whole buy 3 get the 4th free is a lie, its free after a 6-8 week rebate!!!! and not in cash but by VISA card only!Go to Fletchers, 4 tires (BFG's) for $450 OTD, with 4 free oil changes....could it have been any better?
1	My sister took her van in yesterday because it was running a little rough. Got a service estimate of $1,300! Took it to a mom and pop shop who diagnosed a loose ignition connector and repaired it for $100. Runs like a top!Sorry Pep Boys, buy you shouldn't try to rip off women like that. What are you, Sears Automotive in 1980???
4	My Galant's brakes were squealing and being as we bought our baby brand new in 2007 and we now are in 2012 I knew it was going to be time for new brakes !All the other places that I called said well we can't do it today but you can bring it in tomorrow. Uh, no !I am the type of person that when my mind is set on something I want it to get it done NOW when I am thinking about it not the next day because I will forget and then it won't get done.Well since Pep Boys is only two miles from my house and it was approximately 3PM plus the fact they don't close until about 8 or 9 in the evening I knew my chances were good that I could the job done today.Off I went to the store.  Explained my situation.  Brakes were checked.  Estimate was given.  Price for job completion was in my budget.  Two to three hours later my baby had new brakes and the rotors were resurfaced !
5	Mechanic Jack Wright is awesome! My bands tour van broke down and we had it towed to Pep Boys half hour before closing time on a Saturday eve.  Jack and his crew worked on it as best they could, but closing time arrived before they were able to make the necessary repair. Jack suggested we try the 24hr Auto Zone down the road where they'll help you make repairs. Off we limped in the van to the Auto Zone. Who shows up a half hour later to help us out? Jack! He made two trips to his home to pick up a sawzall and some other bad ass saw that enabled him to cut thru the nut that had rusted to the fan clutch. Thank you Jack for getting us back on the road and home to LA for our next show. You rock! - Chris Laterzo and Buffalo Robe
2	So after the Kookie got her new rideWe decided to look at some partsWere ready to buy, asked "Shawn" if they had a "Locking Gas Door for a Yukon" he checked the computer an said "NOPE" so we said ok, looked around an on the North wall, what do our eyes find....The Correct Locking Gas Door.He needs to go back to fast food or the trailer he left unoccupied.
5	Excellent customer service!  First time in today and the guy who helped me with my blown out head light was crazy busy, but made time to help me out. Very much appreciated!
3	I woukd rate 2.5 if I could. Its been 50/50 every time I come here . Im gonna give them the benifet of the doubt and blame it on me coming in the later hours after work and them being tired after a long shift..Either I walk in and get a manager or  a employee that has been in the business awhile which makes it alot easier OR... I get the complete opposite which has been a couple times ..I once went in to get a fleet vehicle oil change for my van and the mechanic said his lifts wont carry my work van which is a normal express chevy van ??!! So your whole service department only does car only changes ? Cause a 2 ton 4500 ford diesel truck weighs the same ... besides either the stupidity of that guy or his laziness this place has been a good stop
