4	Bamboo has the best orange chicken you can ever find. They use only fresh high-er quality foods. Roaches are not fun, but  the salad place next door went under so I imagine things are being stirred up. Please try Bamboo for yourself.
3	I found this restaurant to be very clean, and the service was great!  We had a very helpful waitress who helped us first-timers to find things that we would be happy with.  The service was great - all around.  Quickly seated, quickly had drink order taken.  Had appetizers, the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, and they were better than PF Changs, and the serving size was generous!Nice that they had a full bar of course.  : )The best part was the quality of the dishes though.  Very tasty meals, and I enjoyed the orange chicken.The only thing keep this from a five star review for me was the fact that it had a fishy smell in the place to remind me that they serve Sushi.  I am not saying it was bad, but just a little too much for me.  Nonetheless, the service and the food quality both mean I will certainly be back again!  Enjoy!
5	I love it here! Their sizzling tofu dish is awesome, and you usually get enough for three meals. Lots of veggie options, and my husband loves their orange chicken (as did I when I used to eat chicken). Ask for it spicy -- it's delish!
5	I LOVE this place..  This is my sushi bar.  Danny, one of the two sushi chef's is awesome.  I have always found their sushi to be very fresh.About a year ago they came out with a special sushi menu.  With rolls like these: Dirty Harry, Mr. Miagi, Rio, you cannot go wrong.  Especially if you like spicy (like me)!Even the non-sushi is great.  This is one place my 6 year old loves that doesn't have a drive through window.Also, $4.50 sake bombs!!!  $4.50!Go here.  Try it.  Don't be scared off by a couple of so-so (ok, 1 bad) reviews.  I am looking to even have a UYE here in the near future!  Should be getting a call tomorrow to get it scheduled.Almost forgot!  They have some big screen TV's!  Watch sports here!  They are hugely popular for UFC fights and football..  Just go.  Now..  Seriously.  Review part is over..  You are wasting time reading the fodder I have written here.  You could be finding your keys..  Putting on socks and shoes..  Hell, skip the socks..  Wear sandals.  Save time.
2	Meh is the perfect word for this place.  I love Chinese food, so I figured there couldn't be anything wrong with this restaurant as our choice for lunch.  The seemingly only worker here was the hostess, server, and busser all rolled in to one.  Thankfully she wasn't the cook too.  The interior of this restaurant is just a huge mess.  There is one bench seat that is sitting on milk crates and there are some random padded panels hanging on the wall or sitting on the floor.  Nothing really makes sense in here.The menu is gigantic, both in physical size and variety of food.  I decided to go with something I have had great luck with at other restaurants, the Walnut Shrimp.  They went overboard with the sauce here, there was just so much of it!  If you aren't familiar, it's a very heavy mayo based sauce, so just imagine what too much of it looks like.  The shrimp were fine and the candied walnuts were delicious, but there was something seriously wrong with the batter around the shrimp.  It was very eggy, slimy, stringy and thick.  It was really gross and reminded me of chewing on fat.  I had to pull as much of it off of the shrimp as I possibly could so I could eat the edible part.I definitely won't go back here, and thankfully I'm not at Deer Valley enough to make this a problem.
2	Wow, Daren says this place has the best orange chicken and I don't know if I could find him to be MORE WRONG.  No offense to Daren, he's a good guy with good reviews but this chicken was terrible.  It looked and had the texture of calamari - NOT chicken.  The sauce they drown the things in was excellent but the texture of the chicken was disgusting.  I couldn't possibly ever go back here simply because of that.  I'll stick with China Chili's orange chicken, thank you.
3	So there is a pretty good chance this review might not be one of my more accurate.  I came here, sick as a dog, hoping to find some spicy food to clear my head.  It was the closest option my foggy brain could come up with.Luckily, they happened to have a schezuan tofu dish that seemed to be just what I needed at that point.  Now, I'm not a big tofu eater, but while the sauce it was in tasted wonderfully spicily seething, the tofu felt a bit overdone.  Notably, the broccoli was blanched perfectly.  As in "should have taken a picture" perfect.  I also ordered a spicy tuna roll, but I used so much wasabi, I can't really give the best read on how that was.The service was prompt and the waiter was very friendly.  Even when a family of....can I use the word 'redneck' or 'hick'?  How about "people of an under-educated rural/suburban persuasion"?  Anyway, these customers came in and immediately started complaining about some streetlights being in their eyes.  They demanded the blinds be draw for them (at 8:00 at night, mind you).  Our server happily obliged them and then rolled her eyes grinning when I looked at her.I wish I'd remembered about the $4.50 sake bombs tho.  That would have cleared my head.  Or made it less worrisome.  Either way...
5	Great place! I've been coming here for quite some time now and every time I received excellent customer service. The servers are always friendly and attentive.I LOVE the sushi there. They have a lot of fun, new rolls that are unique to Bamboo Grille. The spicy sauce they put on the rolls gives them a great kick too.Recently I've noticed that the place has looked a little unfinished with random stuff here and there. Baffled, I asked a server and was informed that they are in the process of remodeling. Needless to say I'm excited for the newly designed Bamboo Grille!
3	My daughter only gave it two stars I  will give it a more generous three. Last night I had a hankering for Japanese food , I was tired yet wanted something we hadn't tried before. So we ended up at Bamboo, which we have passed literally a million times and never gone in.  I was thinking what if this is a little gem and it's been here the whole time. The service was fast and not bad , waitresses were very attentive and thoughtful.  But the food just didn't match any of our wishes. I was also distracted by large carpet stains on a dark rug , you have got to really make a mess to stain that bad. So get it clean up people ( Can I recommended EPIC carpet cleaning ?)  The best part of the meal was the miso soup which was pleasant and had mushroom, tofu and chives  nice taste from there it just was as Bri said meh. I picked up a piece of Ginger at one point  and said this it the tastiest part of the meal .. aren't I funny?  I ordered Tempura cuz I have wanted  to  find tempura for my mom  but this just tasted like onion ring batter on all the veggies and very greasy like an onion ring . Great if you are PMSsy and want  fried veggies.. than it would be perfect.  The sushi we ordered was unremarkable , a mediocre caterpillar roll with brown avocado ,  a Las Vegas roll  that just tasted blah  and something else I cant remember .   I would only eat here if people threatened we were going to Olive Garden or this place , I 'd take this place.
2	I'm not sure how sushi can be mediocre but it was.  It wasn't exactly the size or sauce..  It seemed like the parts and the sizes were right but somehow it didn't have the taste of good sushi.  Maybe I was embittered by the overpricing.  We did get appetizers and chicken fried rice as well.  The fried rice had a pungent smell at times and a fishy taste.  Hopefully this was intentional..  The dumplings were ok, the egg rolls were nasty and the crab rangoons were good - but the sweet and sour sauce was somehow bland.Really not sure how it could be so..  mediocre to poor...
2	average sushi very nice servers. this place has potential if only they hired a better chef. but what else can you expect? i walked in with these expectations and i got exactly what i came for. do you honestly think you can expect better sushi with the kinds of businesses nearby?
1	I would never go here again. I went there with a group of 4. We all ordered a dish and decided to share. When the dishes arrived, we all scooped a little onto our plates. The waitress asked if everything was okay, with a weird look on her face, and we said fine since none of us had eaten yet. I took a bite of each dish and didn't taste anything that resembled what I ordered so I called the waitress over. She apoplized and said she switched our dish with another table...hence the weird look when she asked how our meal was. She asked if I would like to have them make me the dish I had ordered. I said yes. Then she said that I would have to pay for both dished (wrong one and origional one I ordered). What? Yes, we would have to pay for our dish because:1. We all scooped some food onto our plates leaving the serving platter almost empty2. We told her everything was fine when she asked.Everyone at the table scraped that portion of the food back onto the serving dish to appease the manager. She didn't budge on her opinion. I had taken one bite of everything. I am not sure that everyone else had even tried the dish. So...the platter was almost full again and yet still rejected by them. What's with these people? Can they not afford to make a customer happy after they make a mistake? The manager refused to give us the right dish without charging us for the wrong dish AND the right dish. Then they took away the wrong dish that they had given us (since I said I didn't want it because I didnt order it!), but said I still had to pay for it. Expensive 1 bite meal! What kind of place is this?Don't ever eat here!And  when a waitress asks you how everything is, be very careful! If you haven't tried everything yet, send her away and tell her to return again when you can give her a comprehensive answer. When you say "fine" at the bamboo grill it is a verbal contract to pay for everything they set down, even if you ordered chicken and they give you pork. Hope you're not Jewish. :)The waitress should have fessed up her mistake. What if one of us was allergic to one of the ingredients she served us? It's Asian food with sauce...not that easy to tell what's all in there. Plus we recgnized the mistake in just a few bits. It's not like we ate the entire dish and asked for our money back. I am a reasonable person. I would have been very satisfied if they took the other food away and simply gave me what I ordered...and only charged me for what I ordered. It's okay to make mistakes. It's not okay to not make your mistakes right.If they are this rude to your face imagine what they do behind the scene. A lack of integrity will make it's way into your food. I promise. I have worked in plenty of restaurants. STAY AWAY!
3	I went today for lunch and actually it was good.  The interior is nice and the staff were very friendly.  I got the lunch special which was a bento box style meal.  I had Kung Pao shrimp, fried rice, crab wontons, and wonton soup.  I left happy and full and my wallet thanked me.  The specials are $7.   I see this place as A-OK which is still a good thing but it's totally a lunch spot not a dinner spot in my opinion.
2	Went for dinner ---- it was meh.  Lots of food but not great.  Crab puffs were greasy, hot and sour soup didn't have much to it, orange chicken was so/so, chicken chow mein was greasy tasting, and the egg rolls were horrible.  And to cap it all off, service  was terrible - nobody communicated with anyone, lots of mistakes on our small order for 4 people.  They weren't busy. There are lots of other restaurants in town - I won't be coming back to Bamboo Grill.
2	Stopped in here while traveling for work. The sushi sign in the window caught my eye. It's a small dining room, but the decor is nice.The gal at the door was friendly, but my server seemed almost annoyed by me.  She did the basics, but didn't refill my water until she brought my bill.  She also didn't bother to mention their happy hour specials and brought me the special menu only after I asked.I had the blackened chicken and shrimp with veggies.  It had a peppery teriyaki flavor.The chicken was great, but the shrimp was over cooked.  Overall it was pretty decent, but nothing super special.  I had half a california roll as my side dish and it was not so great.  It had artificial crab that just had a strange taste.In the end I left full and satisfied, but I don't think i'd go back.
3	I just moved to a new neighborhood so I am on the hunt for a great local sushi joint.Upon entering Bamboo, the atmosphere is nice. It's a little small for a restaurant but it's casual so it could work.We ordered the basics off of the sushi menu, plus one unique roll. The basic sushi rolls (California and Philadelphia roll) were just OK - nothing fancy and over priced compared to what other places are charging. The unique roll was pretty amazing though, and priced nicely for a rather large sushi roll.Overall, I wasn't impressed but I wouldn't count this place out for a quick sushi lunch or dinner. I wasn't satisfied with the pricing (especially because I didn't feel the quality met the pricing standard) but the service was decent and it was a clean and quiet place.
4	I don't know why this place has a shitty review. I love is place. Hands down the best sushi on the west side in my opinion. Prices are cheap and the quality is great. I've been to a few other sushi places on the west side and i never go back to those. I always come back to Bamboo. The saki bombers are cheap and you can order the shrimp low mien which is so big you WILL end up taking it home as leftovers. Great place. Don't listen to the haters. If they don't like it they can go bcd to Scottsdale and pay double. I'll stick to local, friendly, quality and cheap.
1	This place used to be good, but recently I have noticed the quality in the sushi has gone down, in addition to the wait staff.  The sushi chef is not trained well on the specialty rolls and has to check the menu or ask the waitress for the ingredients.  I had ordered a fried roll, from which a shrimp tail was rolled into the middle of the roll. This is pure lack of skill on sushi making.  In addition to lack of training, the time to make a roll when there were a total of 2 tables in the restaurant was about an hour.  The wait staff is also pushy and slow.  Overall, not a good experience.
1	My husband was after me to try this restaurant, somehow i never got a good feel about it... but we finally tried, hated the food. everything tasted bad... some strange sweet svory taste that was not good. we just ate whatever we could and hurried out of there.
3	I'm always suspicious of Asian food in Phoenix because everything I've had so far has been pretty bad. I would put Bamboo Grill at a step above Panda Express and I feel that is a compliment for AZ Chinese food. My coworkers brought me here for the $4.99 lunch special. There  are specials listed on the menu as well as on the windows. $4.99 for orange chicken, rice, soup and 2 cream cheese wontons isn't bad at all. The orange chicken was a little too sweet for my taste, but crispy. The rest was pretty standard, but I enjoyed it more than I would a $5 footlong. I was expecting a real dive when I heard about the $4.99 lunch, but Bamboo Grill is a real sit down restaurant and looks pretty nice in a slightly cheesy nightclub sort of way. Think red velvet upholstered walls and shimmery curtains. I think everyone is giving this place bad reviews because they are eating sushi at a Chinese restaurant...
3	Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots during the week.  It's pretty inexpensive and you get a good amount of food.  Most of the time when I've gone it hasn't been really busy, yet the last time I went they had a really good crowd.  Even with bigger crowd, the server was really fast and still friendly. I usually get the Terriyaki chicken special, sauce on side and wasabi.  Mongolian Beef is ok, and kinda spicy for my taste.  Tso General Chicken, love the sauce (on the side).  Curry chicken, be aware, it's with the curry powder, not a gravy, yet I do like it! Try it out for lunch.  Yes, there's Panda Express down the way , however, I rather go authentic and local than a chain.
2	This place is nothing like it used to be. It used to be one of my favorite places to go for sushi but now I can honestly say I will not be returning. The sushi was very generic and was pretty much like the rolls you would get at a buffet. Don't pay attention to what is listed on their website. That is the old menu and they don't serve majority of the things listed anymore. I am very disappointed in this place. Took my friend to show her how great it was wand it's totally different and nothing close to how nice it used to be.
4	That Google map on the front page really confused me... this is nowhere by Thomas; it's on the Loop 101 and I-17 in the 85027 zip code!Luckily, I know where I am, and I think Bamboo Grille understands where they are as well. They advertise their $5 lunch specials on a sign outside the restaurant, and that probably draws in the crowd that's over at the movie theater a few business away. But the draw to me was their wide variety of choices on their $6.50 lunches.I'm not much of an orange chicken or teriyaki chicken connoiseur; I can't help but think of those glazed, dry things that are handed out in malls on toothpicks. So I prefer a 'real' lunch item versus a Panda Express heat-lamped-all-day kind of food.Their lunch variety is extensive; I chose the chicken curry. It's a yellow curry, and not very potent. I wasn't expecting it to be "blow my nose every 3 bites" and it wasn't. In fact, I added quite a bit of chili sauce. But the flavor was absolutely outstanding. For under 7 bucks, you can't match the meal. It included a very dense and good egg drop soup, an egg roll that was piping hot and a flaky exterior, a cream puff that was pretty much just cream cheese but was decent, a large scoop of rice and the entree. Iced tea cost about $2.25. It's good tea, which always makes a difference to me. Not the best, but definitely better than that Nestea Brisk or whatever that brownish lemon water is called that's in vending machines.For ten bucks, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I think the curry chicken is perfect for those not used to knock-your-socks-off spicy; it's still full of flavor. I'm looking forward to trying the Mongolian beef next time, and plenty of other Asian dishes that filled up their menu. So if you're in the area for lunch, stop by Bamboo Grille and give them a try. Just don't look for them in Glendale!
1	Ok, so I am only giving Bamboo Grille 1 star due to the fact that they stopped serving sushi as of May 31, 2012.  This was outrageous to me considering the fact that in my opinion their sushi was the best in Phoenix and not all that expensive.  I am saddened that I cannot go to what was one of my favorite sushi places anymore. :(
2	Better Food, Better Service, Better Prices at Panda Express. I went for lunch while doing some business in the area and just wanted a nice place to sit and go over some paper work. I walked in and sat at the only clean table. Instead of be asked what I'd like to drink, I was asked to move to a dirty table so a party of three could sit at my table. The party of three received their food and drinks ahead of me. The service was poor, place was actually dirty, and the food was comparable to Asian Fast Food places.
5	Everything here is awesome! I love the Kung Pao shrimp and the Hong Kong soup which has wontons and and egg noodles they make in house. The soup they bring out before your meal is delicious as well. Everything tastes made to order, always fresh never greasy, and is presented beautifully. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Definitely try this place! It's a regular lunch spot for my office. They also have great lunch specials. :)
4	Great Lunch Specials! Food is always fresh and hot. We go so often they know what we want as soon as we sit down.
4	We like this place. A tad on the pricey side. but portions are large. Staff is always friendly and the place isn't so loud that you can't hear the people you are with. Pleasant atmosphere, clean and cozy.
4	Im not really sure why so many people have negative comments.  and the worst one is that Panda is better,., Dont get me wrong,.  I love Panda but Bamboo Grille is far and beyond Pandas Orange Chicken.  There is no comparison and I guess that is why some people dont like it,.   Its not all Fry Batter,,  its a light crispy Panko like outside with white meat inside and real orange sauce.,   I just ordered 2 Orange Chicken Lunch Specials for $10.19    If the price was $20.19  I still would have gone there..       The Sushi  yes I am mad about that too but It is what it is..  Its hard to Keep a good Sushi Chef,  they arent cheap and I have seen this trend happen to more and more. Seems like the Sushi Only Places have taken that part of the market.  Ive heard that even Ah-So is getting rid of their sushi but that might not be true.  Still Ive Never had a bad experience,  I would be upset if someone asked me to move my table so I can understand that.  But the food is always good,.  I love the atmosphere but miss the Sushi crowd otherwise I would give them 5 Stars.
5	Everything I try here is delicious.  The egg fu young is the best I have had in comparison to other restaurants.  Customer service is always great here
4	Tried to go there for lunch last week and the place was CLOSED... empty...To our suprise... I had lunch here 2-3 times and they had really good and reasonably priced lunch specials... : (
