5	Speaking as someone who doesn't like beer, their Bluffing Isn't Weisse was nothing short of amazing (who knew you could taste banana in beer?). They have such a wide selection of beers, there's always something to do (Nintendo, darts, shuffleboard, Cards Against Humanity) and you can check out the brewery area too. I love supporting local businesses, and the owner was super nice and attentive, and the bartenders are all educated when it comes to what kind of beer you'll like! Oh, did I mention they have food trucks? If you want a good craft beer, check them out.
5	Bad Beat Brewing is a sorely needed oasis in the sparse landscape of locally-owned brewpubs. Their dedication to quality and service will no doubt ensure a lasting legacy. As the first beer joint to open in Henderson's booze district, Bad Beat is setting the bar pretty high for their counterparts. These guys brew in the back, pour in the front, and strive to create a friendly atmosphere that invites customers to settle in for hours at a time.There's no kitchen here -- these guys devote their attentions strictly to beer craft -- and the results truly shine through. The beer is delectable, and all the easier to drink in the bright atmosphere of their front taproom. Food trucks will queue up on weekends to alleviate any hunger pangs, and the owners invite customers to order delivery if the trucks aren't around.Such considerations lend true character to these new establishments. I can't wait to make this place a regular stop.
5	Great vibe from the staff.  They're really passionate about their beer and it shows.  Awesome brews!  I'll be back for sure!
5	Great new place in the "booze district" in Henderson, Nevada.  Great brews and great staff!!  The owner is great, the beer is great, and a fun place.  Check it out!
4	CAUTION: Do not drag the tasting flight to move it, pick it up!Due to the design of the flight, it makes it fairly easy to spill. They try to warn everyone of this, but I was too eager to drink my beer and spilled a bit before the warning was given. This is apparently a common problem as other people around me said they did the same thing. At $10 for a 6 beer flight, this is definitely the way to go if you want a sampling of everything Bad Beat currently has to offer. I'm generally drawn to IPAs, but the 2 standouts for me were the amber ale and the hefeweizen. The hefe was really interesting with hints of banana, but it wasn't too overpowering. And speaking of overpowering, I thought the  basil pale ale was a little heavy on the basil. It definitely had an interesting and unique flavor, but I don't think I could have drank a regular sized glass of it. But I do give Bad Beat kudos for stepping outside of the box with their flavor combinations. All in all, pretty decent beer. They do have some other beers on tap, and I was happy to see they were supporting Henderson's other local brewery, Joseph James. The atmosphere here is pretty chill, and I was shocked to see how crowded it was! From my experience, Henderson bars are generally pretty scarce, but this place draws quite the crowd! Obviously the beer plays a big part, but it also helps that they have darts, shuffleboard, old school video games, and even cards against humanity! The food truck on Saturdays is also a nice touch. This is a bit off the beaten path among all the industrial warehouses, but it's definitely worth checking out. I know I'll be back, and I look forward to trying their future seasonal beers.
5	Tried Bad Beat on 08/09/14 and was not disappointed. Husband and I ordered two samplers which included a total of 6 beers for a mere $10 each. I love how they have the listing of beers and ingredients on the tables so you know exactly what you're drinking. This sampler was a perfect way to try a few beers and rile up our appetite just in time to walk out to the parking lot and grab some food off the food truck that was parked right by the front door. This is an awesome and welcome addition to Henderson. Especially in a more commercial and not very busy part of Henderson. We are already looking forward to going back and having some more beers. I will have the delicious Heffeweizen with the subtle banana flavor and the husband loved their Ace in the Hole, which we found out can be purchased at a local Henderson shop! Welcome to town Bad Beat and best of luck to you guys!!
5	If Budweiser is the self proclaim king of beer, well Bad Beat Brewing is the new Badass Beer! Las Vegas is full of unique start ups that have gone gangbusters Rollin' Smoke, Art Of Flavors and now Bad Beat Brewing is the next big up and coming business that is a must.Located along Eastgate Rd in Henderson's new Booze District. It's a few doors down from Las Vegas Distillery and quite close to many of the major car yards.Walking in you'll find a great relaxed atmosphere with plenty of high top seating at the bar, tables and chairs for groups and a massive bean bag to kick back on while playing the first generation Nintendo. Darts and shuffleboard are also offered to challenge your mates.The Big surprise to this business is out the back, and the window to see where all the beer to made. This is awesome! A must see.Bad Beat has a great selection of beers that are bold and exciting to truly entertain your taste buds. I enjoyed a awesome flight that hadThe Daily Grind - Pale AleAce in the Hole - Basil Pale AleAnte Up - Amber AleHoppy Times - IPAGunshot - Dry Irish StoutI recommend joining the "High Rollers Club" with a custom growler to fill up and take home every time you swing by. Great service and great new beers Las Vegas can be proud of, every Yelper needs to get down to Bad Beat Brewing!!OverallDrink: 5-5Cleanliness: 5-5Service: 5-5Coming back: Oh yeah
5	A great addition to the Vegas area's brewing scene, Bad Beat was kicking on opening night.  The brewery has a fairly large tasting room right as you walk in.  A hall leads to the brewery itself where you will no doubt get to go on brewery tours and see the operation at work.  There is a good selection of beer here already, about 6 or 7 to choose from, plus great craft beer guest taps.  I am really looking forward to seeing what Bad Beat brings to Vegas over the next couple of years!  Cheers!
4	Cool room, good beer, been waiting for local brew houses to come to vegas.  Worth the drive to have  a pint, ace in the hole is a great brew.
4	All beer geeks must try the nice selection here! Small brewery with pub atmosphere.  Bar seating and tables. Queen of Hearts guava infused is tasty & refreshing!Ace in the Hole basil pale ale was impressive and so unique. Service was a thumbs down, for the most part. My empty glass was removed with no offer for a refill ????So I had to ask someone else for another beer. Not cool. Prices are a little high IMHO. $5 for 12 oz special brew & $4 for 16 oz all others.
5	Stopped in with my buddy a few nights ago and found a nice little spot to check out at any time of the week. Bad Beat offers a handful of craft beers (about 6 different brews made in house and also some guest brews on tap as well) that are all worth the try. My personal favorite was the hefeweizen, but the other 5 were all very aromatic and full flavored as well (Flight of beers is $10 to try all 6, definitely recommend this deal).  The environment here is awesome and promotes nothing but having a good time. There is Classic Nintendo, shuffleboard, darts, and the best part CARDS AGAINST HUMANITY at every table. What is a better match than Cards Against Humanity and good beer? I can't find one.  The staff here is awesome as well, very personable and friendly. I'll definitely be back, but next time I'm bringing a group of friends to share the fun.
5	Love me some Bad Beat!! Being a Henderson local, it is extremely nice to finally have a place to get some fresh craft beer that tastes amazing.Right now they have a pretty straight forward line-up of great beers. The basil Ace in the Hole is pretty unique and the Berliner Weisse Queen of Hearts is quite refreshing. As for the others, they are your usual suspects. I don't mean that in a bad way either. They are all very good. Personally I really like the Gutshot Stout. Very easy drinking with a great roasted barley taste!As I non-smoker, I really appreciate the smoke-free environment. Don't see how you can enjoy the great beer otherwise.I think the prices are spot on and I enjoy the tax being included so no change is required. Why can't every place do this?!To conclude, Bat Beat is a Henderson great and I look forward to many, many visits! Let's go Booze District!Cheers!
4	The place is awesome and the beer is really good.. More signage and some food would make it a 5 star
4	Time to get crafty...crafty and buzzed.Las Vegas has really come a long way since the days of only catering to the tourist. I mean there's over two million people now living permanently in the Valley...so move over loud "woo-hooing" bachelorette parties and all L.A. peeps who claim they run the strip (even though they only visit twice a year) the locals have officially reclaimed their city and I couldn't be happier. The craft beer mushroom cloud is slowly rising over Las Vegas and Bad Beat Brewing will definitely be apart of that boom. The main tasting room is a little plain on the inside, but very clean. There are multiple tables to sit and sip at; along with a dart board, giant bean bag chair accompanied by a TV, and a classic Nintendo game system. They have anywhere from 7 to 13 different beers on tap depending on the season, but just like any hop-headed thirsty young buck I ordered a flight to help me decide on that final pint. The flights come in groups of 5 unless you want to just try all their beers on tap which would make it 7. I chose to do this and was very "hoppy" with my decision; all the beers were great with exception of their sour ale. This one didn't really sit well me, but I don't like sours anyway so don't let that sway your decision to at least have a sip. I tried a good chunk of their beers during my visit, but I'm just going to focus on my favorites, the "Ante Up" was delicious with a super smooth flavor, very light golden brown color, and didn't leave me feeling full. This is a beer that I could easily drink over the course of a few hours while watching football. My other favorite was the "Gutshot", this beer has a very menacing black color resembling that of a Guinness, which would make sense because this is a dry Irish Stout.  This beer looked very hoppy with a think foamy head on it, but it was actually insanely smooth with no bitter after taste. It was a little on the heavy-side and belongs in the "session beer" category in my opinion. This is one glass of beer that will go a long way...get me a nipple please because I'm sippin'!Bad Beat Brewing is great and I have very high hopes for this brewery in the future. I talked with some of the owners while I was there and they have some awesome stuff planned for the next couple of months. Stay thirsty my friends.
5	Delicious local beer! A nice variety for everyone and they even have guest taps. The taproom is awesome. No smoking or video poker machines at the bar. You're not surrounded by TV's. Go there to enjoy the company of others. They have fun things to do like original NES (with an insane amount of games to choose from), shuffleboard, darts, cards against humanity. You can bring your own food and they always have an amazing food truck on Saturdays. Awesome customer service with quality fresh beer.
5	Bad Beat Brewing fires on all cylinders - great beer (most importantly), friendly service, super cool vibe, wonderful pricing, and awesome music. If you want an unpretentious watering hole with unique and tasty beers, Bad Beat Brewing is your place.I'm normally not a pale ale fan but the Ace in the Hole basil pale ale is simply amazing. The Gutshot stout is great too. Well, you really can't go wrong with any selection so try the sampler!
4	Happened to overnight in Henderson for a great hotel rate prior to morning departure from McCarren and found this place on Yelp.  Gotta love Yelp! Several good beers, very stark atmosphere but it works. No food served but you can bring your own.  Definitely worth a visit if within the area.  Darts and a mini shuffleboard game.
5	Flights are a great deal and you get to sample all of their flavors. Special shout out to the Stout, Guava and Basil. Fantastic!
5	This place is really cool and has some of the best beer you can find. I usually come in for a couple and take home a couple growlers. They don't last long I should probably start taking home more.
4	Great brews and brewers. No food, yet trucks are there on busy nights. Games are in the house like darts, video games, shuffleboard and cards. Good local brewery vibe.
4	There is no bad beat at this brewery. We chose a flight so we could sample all the varieties currently being brewed. Love that they carry their theme throughout. The names are playful and the flight is served in what looks like a poker chip. Bluffing isn't Weisse has banana and clove notes which I prefer to the citrusy Hefeweizens. It's pretty tasty.Ante Up Amber is rich with some bite. But it's not overpowering or too bitter. The Daily Grind Pale Ale is easy drinking at its finest.Ale in Hole is a Basil Pale Ale. You will either love it or hate it. One of my favorite beers have honey and basil, but I found this one to herbaceous. The basil is packs a fierce punch.Hoppy Times is a delicious IPA. It's a bit lighter and it doesn't have heavy a floral aromas which I appreciate. I'm fond of more bitter IPAs. This one was pleasing.Gutshot is an Irish Stout. It is smooth and tastes like coffee, but no coffee is used. The flavor comes from the roasted barley. Great for a night you want to get all warm and cozy.Bartenders were attentive, but didn't offer much history on the beer or brand. My only nitpick is that the tap room is too bright. It feels like an office space. Love that they have games, darts and shuffleboard, though.
5	Mike the manager is a great guy, couldn't be nicer, and the beer is wonderful. So many different tastes available. The crowd is laid back and the vibe is that of an easy going place you can easily take your parents to.  My new hangout.
4	they have hefe that has hint of banana for the hops and a stout called cup of breakfast and its no joke. having one now to wake up by. a must try in vegas or hendo. great job guys. hope you expand to snacks or beer food
5	This place is great! My Love and I ride our bikes here and enjoy the craft brews. Their beers are top notch and really push flavor profiles. I definitely recommend the "Queen of Hearts" a guava infused weiss and the "Imperial Breakfast Stout" ('nough said...) Shuffle board in the back and darts up front, a fantastic bonus. Also, a great alternative for going out for a couple of drinks w/o the gaming and the smoking.
5	Love this place!! Great place. Just trying out the newly tapped "the heater". Imperial stout with Serrano peppers.
5	Ha, so let's begin with why tasting rooms are superior to bars:=Beer flights-taste ALL the beers! (Imagine all of the things meme)=No smoke!! None! You leave as pristine as you entered, plus your crafty new brew scentWhat more do you need? Now! While I will absolutely recommend getting a flight, I have two favorites: Ace in the Hole (basil IPA) and the Heater (peppery milk stout....yussss)Food trucks pop in here often, so you may temper your drunken-ness with stomach contents, and they have Video games for you to play while you sit in a beanbag (I believe I saw super Mario bros 3.) They sell growlers( if this is unknown to you, buy one and thank me later-it's a vessel with which to bring home your tasty discovery), as well as shirts with their designs and such. While you're here, might as well also check out Crafthaus, less than 1min walk in the same complex. Booze District, for the win.
5	If you like beer, and like good service, come here. So welcoming and cute inside, though the outside looks commercial. Beer is delicious and they'll tell you about everything you wanna know.
