5	I saw my friends gig in this place. Cool decor, it took me a while to see that their hanging lamps were made out of fishermans hats. Great food, plenty of variety, decent prices...Just stay away from the onion rings (seeing a nonstop drip of cooking oil really didnt help my appetite). Great and Friendly staff..Of course if you want to drink some booze. The best value is their flavored Beers/Ales. Served in a BIG Glass Mug, hey ya cant go wrong with that.Feeling adventurous? try their "moose slober" beer *i didnt try it, but my friend LOVED it!*
2	Went here for a quick bite for dinner with a date after cocktails at Red Rock.  Fish decor everywhere (except for an aquarium with real fish) and lotsa tvs with every sport to choose from.  Normally, I get the fish and chips or breakfast food which is decent bar fare.  I had frequented this tavern several times before, but after placing our order, we both noticed a pungent "sewer" smell that became even stronger.  When I inquired from the bar staff whether the funk was extra or came with the meal, he apoligized and informed me that it was a problem outside in (get it, outside inn?) ahem, outside in the Peccole Ranch area and had nothing to do with the bar.  He also added the problem recurs sometimes once every month and it's always fixed the next day, but happens infrequently.  Really felt sorry for the wait staff who had to stay and endure it to get a paycheck.  Guess I went on the wrong night.  Got a to-go box for my potato skins which were ok and wished them luck.  Will call 1st next time I visit the place.
2	MEDIOCRE FOOD AND NOT MUCH ELSEIf we didn't have a $25 coupon, I would have probably said something. We went to the Outside Inn because it was close and it's related to Martini's, an establishment that we have had a favorable experience with.The atmosphere is pretty standard for the "Sports Bar with a Theme" that pervades Las Vegas. That's not a bad thing at all. It's decorated with Fish and with Televisions. We were there on a Monday night and the MNF game was on so it was probably louder than it normally is, because it was loud (although not crowded, just reasonably attended.)The menu looked decent, but the food was not very good. We got the ARTICHOKE SPINACH DIP which was actually good. It was the same kind of Artichoke Spinach dip that you find in most restaurants, but it did have some large artichoke hearts in it that were really nice. The chips they served with it were nothing special and the blue chips were quite bland.The ONION RINGS were neutral. The portion was large and the breading was good and not too greasy. But the onions they used were very large which meant that the fluid inside the rings was very drippy. At first my girlfriend thought the liquid was grease and wouldn't eat them until I showed her it was just running from the large onions. The taste was fine but the way they were leaking they were not very enticing.My girlfriend had a SALAD WITH SHRIMP and had some kind of tortilla chips on it. It was fine, but nothing special, that's for sure. Again, the portion was generous and the taste was fine, but that was it, it was just fine. We wouldn't order it again.Finally, I had the SALMON ON CEDAR PLANK. BLECH! I REALLY didn't like what the cedar did to the salmon. I like things cooked over wood coals (like mesquite and the like), but this did not sit well with my tastebuds at all. It was a mixture of smoke and chemical that I just couldn't eat so I didn't eat it. My girlfriend didn't eat it either, although that's because she has never liked fish on cedar. The baked potato was good so between all the appetizers and nibbling off my girlfriend's dish, I was full.We are members of www.Restaurant.com and had purchased a $25 gift certificate (it was an "80% off" deal on Restaurant.com and we bought the $25 which regularly sells for $10 for a sale price of $2). We had to buy $35 of food to get the $25 off which is why we had to order so much food. Had our total bill not been $10.99 (but $35.99) I would have discussed things with management about having the salmont taken off of the bill. But as it was there was enough to eat and we tipped the decent service on the original bill. Oh, and one last peeve: when we showed them the Restaurant.com certificate we were told there were several restrictions including that we could not order their signature Fish and Chips. First of all, that is totally bad form. It is VERY easy for them to make those stipulations clear on Restaurant.com and it's underhanded to sell a gift certificate knowing that there's caveats but not making it clear until it is redeemed. Secondly, if we had had the Fish and Chips we probably wouldn't have been so disappointed and might have had an experience where we'd come back. But Karma has a way of biting one in the ass, and that's probably what occurred here. I just hope their Karma doesn't run over my Dogma, 'cause I'd have a real hard time explaining that one to my son.In spite of this place being almost right around the corner from our home, we will probably not go back there again. We'd much rather go to Martini's which is closer, similarly laid out but much more upscale, and not much more expensive (except on their high end entrees.)
3	This place has it all good bartenders good food and on sunday nights they have a live band were eles can you go on sunday night and listen to good music after the game
2	I used to like this place a lot.  They had a Turkey Meatloaf that was to die for, plus a number of other items that have since bitten the dust.  Now it's mostly sandwiches, with a few entrees to keep their status as a restaurant, I guess, and not just a video poker bar.I always used to have the hard cider, but that's gone, too, so I had a glass of house Riesling, which was too dry for my taste.  My husband had a gigundo Newcastle on tap.The music was way too loud, as usual, even though there was no live band.  I had a hard time picking from the shriveled menu, so I ended up ordering the Cedar-Planked Salmon ($15).  It's served with mashed, baked potato, or rice.  I opted for the baked potato, and the salmon and potato were sparring to see who'd win the dryness contest.  The salmon won - it was nearly inedible.  Nearly, so I ate only a third of it.  I finished the potato, because I was hungry and they don't serve bread.  My husband ordered the Tipsy Chicken ($11), plus a side salad for a buck extra.  The salad is very nice and a good-sized portion.  The chicken was also good - two large pieces of moist and juicy chicken, with a side of wild rice pilaf and a vegetable.  I was dismayed to see that the vegetable was only yellow squash.  Normally, I detest it.  I'll eat most any other veggie, including green squash, but there's something about the yellow stuff with all those seeds that I usually find nauseating.  Tonight was different, and I realized why right away.  IT WASN'T MUSHY!, which it always is here and everywhere.  In fact, it turned out to be the best thing on my plate!Without us asking, the waitress comped the salmon, so we'll save our restaurant.com certificate for next time, when I'll order the Tipsy Chicken, too.Oh, before writing this review I checked their website and clicked on the Menu link.  I can't believe that the meatloaf's been gone for at least two years.  So are the ribs.  But they're still showing up as the current menu.  The website hasn't been updated since 2003.  What a rip, and what a disservice to customers.  Deliberate?  You be the judge. Seems like a company that really cares about its customers, huh?  And that's why I took and extra star off this review.
3	This was my 1st visit here...  Initial impression... Looks like a lodge, very rustic, and very cool.  BUT it was super smokey.  I know it's a Vegas thing, but it took a couple stars out for me. So, if you're a smoker, check this place out. The service and food, however, was on point. Our servers knowledge of the beer and food contributed to educated suggestions based upon what we liked. Stoked on that.
3	So I too had a $25 gift thing from restaurant.com and wanted to try the fish and chips.  I had read a different review that it was not allowed and have also heard that drinks are not included.  However, I had the fish and chips and three Newcastle's from the tap which I was given no problems about when using my G.C.   My food-the fish and chips was very good. Nice and crisp and the fish was not over cooked.  The tiny coleslaw and tarter sauce were spot on.  THe fries however were like shoestring and scant, which is fine with me as I don't like to eat them anyway!!My hubby got a plain burger and fries.  Very, Very BAD!  The burger was way to big for the tiny bun and tasted like nothing..it even keep falling apart..in chunks.  Weird?  Needless to say, he doesn't want to return and i don't need to either.  The fish was good, but have had it good many other places too.  And last, $5.75 for a beer on tap!  You are nuts!(very smokey on a saturday night)
1	Very shortly after our last meal here, I got an email from the bank that provides our No. 1 credit card.  They suspected that a fradulent charge had been added.  When I called I found out that someone had used our number at a Verizon store in California.  Naturally, the bank cancelled the card, leaving me with the hassle of notifying all those places that have my number for automatic billing.  We weren't on the hook for the fraudulent charges, but I couldn't even remember those that bill me only quarterly, until I started getting dunning notices.We just found out, via a call from a detective, that it was that very nice waitress who comped my salmon who did the dirty deed.  She was arrested, according to the detective.I know this can, and does, happen anywhere.  But it happened to us THERE.I guess a company that hasn't updated the menu on its own website since 2003 can't be bothered to vet out their employees either.
4	This used to be my fav bar/grill because of the stellar valentine's package in the past...which is now gone.(Limited to 16 couples, they had dinner for 2 for $100-gourmet surf n turf, choc covered strawberries, champagne, and OPEN BAR,TOP SHELF AND ALL! plus free play into the slot tournament which the prize was everyone's package fee...I even left with roses and chocolates one year!)Sadly, this no longer happens, or is way weaker than it used to be, so we don't go anymore for that.I really like their eggs benedict here, especially with a coffee and a blue moon! I don't come often for any other meal than breakfast, also the menu has changed, which is discouraging.I really like the outdoorsy lodge-look. Big cabin interior, rounded wood doors, booths with a fish motif, and little sculptures of fish,dear, and bear related things. Even the bar is adorned in logs and fake pine,lol
3	Went here last weekend for breakfast. I had checked their menu online and was excited to try the Chicken Fried Steak. They did not have the gravy for it. Very disappointing!! Had to settled for a hamburger. It was the Southwestern hamburger. Not impressed. I was not happy. Remember NO KIDS ALLOWED ANYMORE!!!  Great for football season. Lots of TV's and a huge big screen. Great for sporting events!!
5	I guess the majority of the people that review this spot come with coupons, without any prior experiences. Because you're writing reviews that make you sound like cheap assholes. I have been a regular for at least 5 years and always have awesome service and awesome food... Granted at this point the staff are what i would consider friends, but that doesn't affect the integrity of my review. I love it here, it's like my cheers, they are always spot on when it comes to your food or drink preferences. And i don't think a restaurant.com coupon is necessary, but then again, i've always taken care of my service industry colleagues regardless... I say give it another shot if you had a bad experience, cuz i never have.Jason, Jonathan and Phil are always A+ in my book. Just sayin.
1	I wish I had read YELP before I got sucked in by Groupon.A copy of my Email to the Inn and Groupon follows:What a disappointment.  We thought your on-line menu offered several desirable dishes.  What a disappointment when the menu at the restaurant (really just a tavern) was totally different and did not offer the dish my wife desired.  Our waiter then gives us some BS about the on-line menu was from another restaurant, which we all know was just that, BS.  I take my wife out to celebrate her birthday and then get embarrassed over this!  I thought Bait-and-Switch marketing was outlawed many years ago.  What a disappointment.Since I do not know who is responsible for this marketing ploy, you at the tavern, or your marketing consultant Mixed Nuts Hospitality Group, or your advertising firm Groupon, I'm going to copy all of you involved.
1	Here is my Email to Outside Inn on Charleston, and Groupon, that describes our experience.What a disappointment.  We thought your on-line menu offered several desirable dishes.  What a disappointment when the menu at the restaurant (really just a tavern) was totally different and did not offer the dish my wife desired.  Our waiter then gives us a story about "the on-line menu was from another restaurant", which we all know was just that, a story.  I take my wife out to celebrate her birthday and then get embarrassed over this!  I thought Bait-and-Switch marketing was outlawed many years ago.  What a disappointment.FYI - Their domain name mixednutslv.com expired on 10/06/2011, two days after our visit, and is still pending renewal or deletion.  It looks like they may be going out of business.
3	I can't really give the Outside Inn more stars than this or it would dilute the "real" restaurants about which I've written. That said, I love this place. It's a friendly, neighborhood saloon/tavern with food that's more than adequate and not much different from the others you see around town (Charlie's Down Under, Roadrunner, etc.). I've had breakfast, lunch and dinner there many times and all have been just fine.I used to go there regularly when I lived a few blocks away. Now I'm a few blocks away from Charlie's so that's my choice unless my wife wants to go and then it's the Outside Inn. She claims they have "the best fish and chips" in town. Personally, I think it's a bit weird to eat fish in desert. How can it possibly be fresh (I only eat it on the coasts).Their standard breakfasts are great, burgers just fine and dinners as well. Oh, I noticed the "WiFi" survey question below. Listen folks, if you're going to a restaurant, leave your d****** computers at home. No one's that important to be that well connected. I was at Osaka once where a guy was tapping away at the sushi bar. Please!
3	Food and service decent,but I m not hip on smokers, smoking  a few feet from my meal, sorry I will not be going back. But it does have a nice fireplace and outdoor feeling inside ..
3	Really nice bartenders who are friendly (though they talk about chasing tail so loudly I'm not sure all the gals are comfortable with the atmosphere) and decent food.  But price level is probably a couple bucks too high on every item.  It's a wealthy area so most of the patrons probably don't care about the pricing.  I'm fine with it but others might not be.Food is decent but not great.  Sounds better on the menu and looks better on the plate than it tastes.  But overall you shouldn't be unhappy at this place.
4	I bought a "group-on" for this restaurant several months ago.  The reviews online were below average; however, we were pleasantly surprised.  The food was just perfect -- reubens (thick corn beef), chicken quesadillos (loaded with chicken), soup (onion was the best my mother-in-law has ever had), and a side salad (that puts many fine dining establishments to shame).  The waitor  was excellent also!  Prices were great for the amount of food you get. Only drawback is the smoke, but you know that going in.  We will definitely be back.
3	This was my first time here, and returns were mixed.  When we arrived at about 10 at night, the outside was dark and foreboding, on the extreme edge of a strip mall on Charleston.  The inside, too, was dark, with high and low wooden tables, some cushioned bench and oak seats, and a rustic, mountain lodge ambiance.  While a sizable number of tables were spread about, the focal point of the room was the large bar.  It is a video poker bar in the main, but when I called to ask what hours food was served I was told "24/7."  And, I am always looking for places that serve good hearty food past 9:00 p.m., because for one reason or another dinner for me and my mate is often deferred beyond that witching hour.  So, I was still game to try this place.French Onion Soup was hot and good but not great.  A very thick coat of Swiss Cheese had mostly melted but not browned on top of the crock, and the broth and caramelized onions were tasty, but these three elements did not totally merge and harmonize until I stirred things up a bit with my soup spoon.  While I enjoyed the taste of the soup, looking at its crown of rippling clotted cheese all I could think of was cholesterol and clogged arteries!Diane did not like her Clam Chowder, but based on her sensitive palate, that would be true of any dish that contained any spice other than a little salt.  So, I got to eat a crock of Clam Chowder minus one spoonful, too!  And, while the chowder was spicy, I found it to be so in a good way.  It contained celery and lots of clams, was more brown than white in appearance, and is what I refer to as "rough chowdah."  I liked it better than I did the Onion Soup.  Large, heavily battered Onion Rings were very good.  The batter was light, and the strings of onion inside very heat hot.  Dipped in ketchup, the O-rings were a hit for me.  But what I liked best during this late-night dinner was the Turkey Club Sandwich.  It was composed of more toothpicked slices of lightly toasted and mayonnaised sourdough bread than I cared to count, very tasty thinly sliced ham, moist turkey, very good Applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, and chopped tomato.  All of the ingredients were fresh and of very good quality, and the assembled multi-decker sandwich was so high that I could barely get my mouth around each skyscraper half.  But I just managed to do so.  Each massive bite tasted very good, as did the Shoestring Fries that accompanied this delicious Club Sandwich.  Alas, I cannot say the same about the rather dead, non-creamy coleslaw I also sampled.  And, although nothing was wrong with them, I did not like Diane's thick Lodge Fries nearly as much as my shoestrings.Service was very good and friendly.  But when my change was returned after producing a $35 Groupon and a Twenty Dollar bill on a total tab of $37.84, I received exactly $17 back in bills and no coins in change  So, I was shorted 16 cents.  I said nothing, as I would have given those coins back as part of the tip anyway.  But I felt that this should have been my choice--not the server's.
3	Decent neighborhood bar and lounge. Service was friendly but not overbearing, and price was reasonable. My friends ate and were very pleased with their meals. They have a pretty extensive menu- everything from breakfast to burgers to an ahi tuna plate with seaweed salad.  I tasted the beef veggie soup and was very pleased with it- lots and lots of beef and potatoes, with kind of a sweet-ish base.
1	I believe the place is terrible and very Dirty they don't even Have enough money to get there own Food they go to Smiths to buy it LOL What a place,.,.,. Don't go there it sucks,.,. Plain and Simple
1	Drove 35 miles to have their Walleye fish & chips.  Guess what?  They didn't have it. "Oh, you're the second person today who wanted the fish & chips, but we don't have it today.  Sorry." I'm sorry too. I won't be back.
3	The good: decent food, decent pricesThe bad: Service is slower than construction on I15The ugly: the faces of the lunch crowd worried they will be back to work lateI've been to two Outside Inn locations and found them to be consistently slow, especially during lunch. This might be a decent place to get a drink after work, but you can almost guarantee an hour to an hour and a half for lunch. If you own your business, or your in sales, that may work for you. But if you're paid by the hour, or falling behind at work, this place may get you in trouble.The food and drinks are good quality. I've had several salads and sandwiches that were tasty and fresh. And the bartenders can pour most standard drinks, but may need coaching if you are into trendy or exotic concoctions.Overall impression, a step above "Meh"
4	I can't speak for the food.  We came here looking for a late night spot for a couple drinks.  Service was good.  So good we thought maybe the waiter was new because he checked on us so much.  I like the atmosphere, very lodge like.  I didn't feel like I was in the middle of  Summerlin Strip mall.  The menu was more extensive then I expected so I look forward to coming back to try the food.
4	Good spot for late night breakfast.
2	They only get 2 stars because the food was good. The service was horrible. The female bartender with the dark hair and a knitted white hat completely  ignored the women in the bar and only  seemed to be attentive to the single guys. Several different times, I had to wave my hands around and yell just to get service.  When we wanted to order food, the waiter ( a young guy with buddy holly glasses) was too busy chatting with his friend over at a table to take our order. I had to scream out for the bartender to order our food. We stayed and waited for friends who recommended the place, otherwise, we would've left.
1	I will never return to this bar... was treated extremely rude by the bartender  ( Big fat white guy), My boyfriend and I tried to order drinks on several occasions,  he totally ignored us and wouldn't walk past us. We would then see him peering at us from the other side of the bar... we ended up walking out...its a shame because it's at a great location for us...
4	AMAZING draft and craft beer selection!!!  Also, solid bar food.  For vegetarians, there's a good flat bread, or leave the meat off of nachos or quesadillas.  The staff (particularly Ian) is knowledgeable about the beer and friendly, and overall the bar seems less smoky than most.
2	Came here with some friends to eat bar food and watch football. I think I would have rather went to BW3 and I think thats saying something!We had the worst waitress EVER. Sweet girl but she got everyones order at the table wrong. EVERY SINGLE PERSON! We were all confused. To make matters work the drinks tasted watered down. Only 1 drink at the table actually tasted like it had alcohol in it and that was because the person ordered their shot of liquor on the side. It was all very odd. I won't be returning.
3	After dinner at Poshburger, we decided to walk next door and to Outside Inn for some drinks. My party of four walked over and decided to grab a table outside to enjoy some privacy and the great Spring weather. The bartender let us know that since they only had one waitress for the place we'd have to come get our own drinks at the bar and take outside to our table. We were fine with that, just glad he told us before we just went straight out to the patio. We enjoyed a nice evening outside chatting with friends with some drinks. Not the great bar and not the greatest drinks, but it's a nice little place if you're in the area.
3	I love coming here because of the staff. The food isn't amazing I seem to always have a problem with mine. However, the owners have told me they are switching things up and to check them out again. I like sitting out on the patio they have TVs out there which is nice. Ian always hooks up the best drinks.
4	We've heard about this place from a friend so we decided to check it out.  Very cozy and well decorated bar inside.  It is a PAC- 12 bar, just in case you like college sports.  Nice wood finish, very inn like. The beer was a reasonable price too.  Big mug for $5, and it was cold.  The food was great.  The panko crusted goat cheese balls with mango chutney and toast points was awesome.  You don't expect to order something like this from a bar.  All of it together on the toast was fantastic.  The wife ordered French onion soup and a Caesar.  Both were good, the soup needed more flavor, a little flat.  I ordered the Cuban sandwich.  The pulled pork on it was dry so I asked for some mustard, it made it so much better.  There was no spread on the sandwich.  It was one of the better Cubans I've had.   I also got their lodge fries, which were cylindrical cut potatoes.  Well seasoned.  We will be back for the good food and the great atmosphere.
4	Outside Inn is my local bar. As in mine not yours.Really though, its within walking distance to my home and there is a park with a Frisbee golf course behind it, so you can play a game of frolf and hit the pub after for a cold and frothy adult beverage.Great beer selection on tap at very non Vegas like prices. Several IPAs, whit beers, all your basics and daily specials to boot.I could take or leave the food, but I'm not a big fan of "bar food". Everyone else seems to really enjoy it and admittedly it looks good on a plate.Love the friendly staff that really knows your name. Just like Cheers.They recently installed an outside patio area with seating and a few tellies in case you are feigning to watch the game. Last but not least I'm originally from Minnesota and the decor screams mid western hole in the wall from the top of a large hill. The only thing Outside Inn is missing is a Jack-elope on the wall.
4	Outside Inn is a great places for locals to go. Since I am new to the Las Vegas area I wanted to find a bar that gave good drink specials, and a friendly environment. The bartenders are friendly, and always make you feel welcomed when arriving!
4	Me and my roommates go here all the time, they have cheap beer and a pool table that we always play on. It's a good atmosphere with nice bartenders and quick service. I definitely recommend checking it out if you're looking for a cheap, relaxing night. Enjoy!
4	I love the Outside Inn. They have a decent beer selection, and the food ain't half bad. My favs are the pretzel chicken sandwich and the sliders. It's bar food, but better than average. Also, wine-o Wednesdays are actually a pretty good deal. This is a bar that my wife and I enjoy stopping in for a quick bite and a beer or two after work. Their air filtration is pretty good too. Don't really notice the smoking unless its right next to me.
5	Friendly, fun place!! Great service and they always have the best food! Lots of beers to choose from and play all the PAC 12 games and NFL.
3	I have been going to this bar, on and off for many years. I started going there when I first started dating my wife. She worked in the shopping center, & at the time, there wasn't much to chose from in that center. The service was always good, the food was good, and they provided a great value.There were many times I'd go in there, while waiting for my wife to get off from work. I liked most of the bar tenders, except the big guy. I stopped going there as often, after my wife left that job for a better one. We've gone back a few times on Sundays, for breakfast. The guy server is awesome, and why we've always gone back. One time there was a girl who was so horrible, we didn't give her a tip. We always leave at least the minimum!I've stopped in a few times over the last week. The big guy is still there. Since I'm only stopping for 1 beer, I tolerate the guy. Great Value!!! $2.00 for a Domestic Pint!It's still not my favorite bar, but I'll continue stopping in occasionally.
5	This is an update to my previous review, which I had given one star due to an unfortunate incident with a waitress who stole our credit card numbers.  That is long past (and was dealt with promptly and properly), and though we've been back a few times since, I hadn't done an update.I was going to give this experience four stars, but when I really thought about it, what was there that would cause me to deduct one of them?  NOTHING!!  It was a perfect meal, with outstanding service from Nikole, working cheerfully and efficiently on Christmas Eve.I'm handling alcohol less well than I used to, so when a pub has Angry Orchard cider on tap, that's now my drink of choice.  I think LVMPD is happy about that, since I'm the driver in the family.The menu is smaller than it was years ago, and that fabulous spicy turkey meatloaf that everyone used to rave about has never returned, but there's still plenty to choose from.  I was surprised that the prices of some of the entrees seem a bit lower than they used to be, but I don't think that's going to last.  Nikole said that a new menu was going to start January 1st, and y'all know what that means, especially now that the economy is improving.I ordered wild salmon, and Herb had the Flat Iron Steak.  Both came with a salad;  the restaurant has always been up and down with dinner salads - some years they charged extra, some years they were included with the entree.  This time it was the latter, and it was a very fresh good-size romaine salad with lots of extra stuff added.My salmon, in a lemon-butter sauce (could've had it blackened) came with my choice of garlic mashed, with the red potato skins included, and so much garlic it actually burned my mouth.  That's a good thing, since I love garlic and no one was seated near us :)  Herb had the loaded baked potato, and we both had the same surprising veggies:  thin strands of spaghetti squash, mixed with red pepper, onion, and zucchini strings.  That was real novelty, and very inventive.  I thought the spaghetti squash was noodles, and was glad it wasn't!The place was remodeled a couple of years ago, and it was a huge improvement over the former claustrophobic little restaurant area.  Now it's incorporated into the same room as the bar, allowing for the corner fireplace to add warmth to the dining area.  It's now spacious and inviting.My husband almost had to twist my arm to go to Outside Inn last night, but after the wonderful meal we had, I'm looking forward to going back soon!!
2	The place seems like a decent environment.  They have a pool table. When you spend time here you start realizing you can take your business to a nicer place.  Pool table is tiny i think its a 7 footer. Gaming machines are not the best. I spent $40 on machines ordered sandwich,salad, pizza (me and the wife) 2 beers 2 house wines. There best sandwich "bartender" its small and you can make a better sandwich in your kitchen. Pizza was really salty not a good pizza. Salad well its a salad lol. Pricey food when you consider its very average food. Service is decent not amazing or great just decent. Bill came and i hadn't been comped a drink after pouring 40 bucks into the machines had to ask for the comp. Bartender sais next time you ask for the bill let me know how much you played. :/ ummm isnt that your job? Dont go here it sucks! This is more of a your stuck in this shopping center and need to kill time kind of place! (last resort)
3	Haven't been here for a while. Decided to meet up with a friend. Moderately busy, but not busy enough to warrent waiting fifteen minutes for a drink which i had to ask for. Over 40 crowd mostly gaming.
4	I came to meet friends for drinks, and decided for a snack.  Chicken tenders were so good.  They didn't taste like your average tenders, super juicy and great crust.  My friends had nachos they looked ok.  definitely get the chicken tenders
3	Good food, great service...this place is kind of dated, need a facelift...bathrooms are nasty and it is easy to turn the lights down and hide the dirtyness. Our bartender brian was a nice guy and treated us like family...food was tasty, hot and came out quick....tell the company thats owns this place to put some money into and clean it up or you will fall behind other new hip places....
