5	I was not sure how it would work with a trainer coming to the house instead of meeting at a gym - I had nothing to worry about!  After putting my husband and I through a comprehensive fitness test to assess our individual levels, Harris began training us together. He customizes the workouts to our individual needs and pushes each of us beyond anything we would do if left to our own devices.I also had a recent injury, and Harris modified my workouts to accommodate my current limitations. This has really helped me refocus and get my motivation back.I highly recommend that you give this in-home training a try - you won't regret it!
5	For a guy who hated to exercise, I love working out with Harris, the founder of Personal Peak. Here's why:1) No "isolation exercises".  When I'd go to the gym and work on my legs, for example, I'd wind up using 4-5 different machines. Essentially, my leg workout took up most of that session... With Harris, while a session may be concentrated on working my legs, the exercises I'm doing work all of my body.  I get more of me worked out in less time.  I like that.2) Just about everything he has me do works my core.  Again, more muscles working throughout the session rather than isolating one or two.  How did bicept curls on a machine work my core?  Answer: they didn't.  Working my core has a couple of great side benefits.  First, I look better in a swimsuit.  Second, I'm less prone to injury while working out.3) It's tailored to my needs.  Unlike a gym where it's "go to this machine, then this one, then this one" with some perscribed weights, Harris imodifies each workout based on how well I'm currently doing.  I can't do a particular exercise on a given day?  No problem, Harris is able to show me an alternate method that'll help me build my strength up in that particular area.4) I had no idea how to exercise efficiently.  Exercising under supervision is a great way to insure that I don't hurt myself (or slack off).  As somebody who's had back issues (and slacking off issues) before, this was incredibly important to me.5) No equipment needed.  Harris brings it all over.  Sometimes it's a gym bag full of surprises (medicine balls, kettlebells, resistance bands, etc), other times it's a single item.  And because you're not waiting for equipment to free up, or adjusting weights to lift, Harris makes sure you maintain an aerobic-paced workout.  Cardio + Strength trainng = one sweet workout6) Great personality.  Harris is an excellent motivator and coach.  7) It's MY workout.  Harris doesn't set out goals for me, but created a program specifically for me, so I can reach my goals.8) Variety.  Workouts are never the same.  I don't get bored - which wasn't the case in my gym days...9) No excuses.  You have any idea how hard it is to come up with an excuse not to exercise in your own living room?  Or at your office? It's nearly impossible.10) Exercise on your terms at your time.  I've worked out with Harris as early as 6AM and as late as 8:30PM.  He'll work to meet your schedule, whatever it may be...So if you really want to get in shape, or just get healthier than you currently, call Personal Peak and share your goals with them.
4	I took advantage of a Groupon offer for two personal training sessions with Harris/ Personal Peak at an impossible to ignore price. And I'm glad I did. Harris was an ideal personal trainer: he has a great attitude (he stays positive and keeps you motivated with a sense of humor); he'll work you to your limit, but not past it; he's highly knowledgeable about strength training and maintaining a healthy body; he brings all the equipment you need a for a challenging and satisfying work out; also,  he's pretty easy on the eyes.After a workout with Harris I couldn't help but think "No pain, no gain". I was in a lot of pain for a few days after our work out, but it was a good pain that made me feel proud and strong. I hope to work out with him again!
5	Harris and his Tiffany have created a unique and effective "virtual gym."  It is the ultimate in convenience, effectiveness, and efficiency.  Imagine the gym coming to you!  The thorough assessment in the beginning helped me understand the specific areas I needed to work on.  Harris customizes your workout to the space you have, and brings the gym toys to round it out.  The result is a no-excuses, efficient and private way to get into swimsuit shape!
5	Harris and his Tiffany have created a unique and effective "virtual gym."  It is the ultimate in convenience, effectiveness, and efficiency.  Imagine the gym coming to you!  The thorough assessment in the beginning helped me understand the specific areas I needed to work on.  Harris customizes your workout to the space you have, and brings the gym toys to round it out.  The result is a no-excuses, efficient and private way to get into swimsuit shape!
