2	A disappointing electronics store for its size.  Maybe the Baseline Fry's is better.
4	I give it four stars for being new and bright and nicely laid out.Note that Fry's has never been as glitzy and glamorous as the pure consumer electronics store, and they just opened a new BestBuy right down the street... I've always thought Fry's was a different kind of store.All of the other standard Fry's Electronics stuff applies, though the atmosphere is very different in this store than, say, the various Fry's in the Bay Area.I think the thing I do miss, though, is the thematic fidelity throughout the store.  That is, anyone who has been to the OLD Sunnyvale store (the DIP package on the outside, the electrical components all over the place on the inside), the temple style in Campbell, the western style in Palo Alto, or the other temple style in San Jose, you know that the insides used to slant much more heavily toward the building theme.Now, they do the outside up a bit and then the insides all seem to look the same.  This one and the NEW Sunnyvale store feel like the same place on the inside.When I moved back to Phoenix from the bay area this was like a bit of home right down the street.  There's always some bit of gadgetry to be found at Fry's.
4	Overall the store is ok, never feel real good about any electronics i buy here.... but they have the lowest HD-DVD and Blu-ray prices in town! Also, i have returned several things to this store and never had any return problems...
5	This is the first and only Fry's I've been to. They have a massive selection of all things consumer electronics. I was shocked to see them selling Macs. I thought CompUSA (which is closing soon) was the only other store besides Apple that could sell them. Obviously, I was wrong. The location is easy to get to off of 17. The parking lot is huge and was packed when I visited on New Years Eve. The Aztec theme wasn't very impressive, but it added some visual appeal to the store. I couldn't believe there were about 70 checkout lanes! There was also a coffee shop in the middle of the store, which really signifies how this is a destination store. The home theater displays could've been better though. They weren't nearly as good as one's you would find at, say, a Bose or Sony Style store. They had a good selection of home theater systems though. Overall, if you need anything along the lines of consumer electronics, Fry's is the place to go.
4	Thanks to Fry's, I felt like I was on vacation today as I traipsed around in the rainforest with the Aztec computer geeks.  There's something just cool about walking into a snake's maw to listen to stereo equipment.  The outside is just as lovely to look at.Now as far as the store itself......the cafe was a joke - out of cream cheese for their bagels.  Who runs out of cream cheese by 10am on a Saturday?  Coffee machine broken...don't they sell those things?  Couldn't they just 'demo' one from off the shelf?...it felt like at least half of the workers knew what they were talking about - which is actually (maybe even sadly) better than some electronics stores I've been to.  They didn't try to talk down to me because I was young or a girl....prices were cheaper for some of the items I looked at...no restocking fee for returned electronics.So in the end, the unique look of the store boosted it up to a four, silly enough as that sounds.  It was refreshing to be in there, and my bullsh*t radar didn't go off as loudly as it did when I was in the Baseline location.  Good thing I wasn't rating just the cafe, they would've gotten a two.
3	It's a Love/Hate thang.This is  DIY geek heaven.  Fry's has everything you need to build your own PC.  Their list prices are not the greatest BUT the advertised items are rarely beat by anyone (even on-line!).  They run ads in The Arizona Republic M-W-F and Sunday.HOWEVER the real shit part is that about 1/3 of the components you buy here FAIL right out of the box.
1	I was in the Fry's Electronics on Thunderbird and was very disappointed with their sales people.  They may have great deals and when you can get the attention of someone and get to the right department, it may be a good store.  My visit was upsetting because I would have to go up to some guys and asked them where a certain item was and they would just say what aisle it was on.  I went over toward that aisle and asked some guys just standing there and again they say the aisle number.  I finally was at the back of the store by the computers and just standing there.  There were two salesmen just standing there talking and one was bouncing a ball.  They never ever asked if they could help me.  I finally had to say "Excuse Me" to get their attention.  Then they acted like they could have cared less about helping me.  Sorry to say, they lost me as a customer.  I'll go to Circuit City where they WANT to help their customers.
5	This Place is an Asians Dreamland, I always describe it to people that have never seen it as Best Buy's older brother.   Customer service is fast and has the power to help customers.  Findan endless supply of all electronics, Tv's, appliances, dvd's, cd's, computer parts and computers.  If I'm feeling sad I go here to cheer myself up.
1	I needed to get an additional hard drive for my Mac.  I had seen some great prices advertised in the paper and decided to make the drive out to Fry's to take a look around and get my HD.  The place is a zoo.  Lots of people and products but layout and signage is not a priority it seems.  Neither is customer service.  I had to go on an expedition to find someone to help me and then find someone who actually knew something about the products.  I felt like I was at a training camp for Mormon missionaries. I had found what I was looking for but when I went to ask a question of the salesperson, he had disappeared.   In addition to this, the price was marked wrong on the shelf.  While I may go back due if they have some extraordinary prices, my expectations of this store is extremely low.
2	Unfortunately when you can't wait for your order to be shipped by NewEgg, you have to go to a place like Fry's.    Be *EXTREMELY* careful when buying something re-wrapped by a certified Fry's employee.  The equipment is sometimes re-stocked even if it's bad.  If it was an open box, chances are that it is missing some part as well.  The store feels like you're going into a dirty Walmart.  Don't eat anything dropped on the floor or give it back to your child without sterilizing it first!
4	This is a relative 4 stars based on all of the crappy locations in California.  Arizonians, you bitches are spoiled with this one.  If there was even one location like this in California, I'd end my love affair with Best Buy.The store facade looks like a tourist spot in Beijing with these 2 giant dragon heads framing the front door.  The inside is well-kept unlike the ones in L.A. with crap all over the place, aisles are clutter free, and there's even a cafe inside, which I didn't get to check out.I hardly ever intend on buying anything whenever I go into Fry's unless it's something for work, like RAM or or blank DVDs, (I prefer to buy on-line) but I've gotta hand it to this one's long checkout aisle of death.  I couldn't resist a box of Goldfish and Funions and pawing at the massagers and Pedi Eggs. Thank goodness I don't live in Phoenix.  This Fry's looks like it would have the potential to make me one broke-ass motherfucker.
3	Excellent place to find everything you need.  I even use their website to order items and the prices are very good.  However, there is one major flaw at Fry's Electronics, trying to get an employee to help you.  It's like pulling teeth.  You can stand next to several employees waiting for one of them to ask 'can I help you?' and none of them will, they will just stand there and chat amongst themselves unless you cut into their conversation and ask them for help.  Otherwise, the products are great.
2	--Apathetic, uninformed teenage waste case employees who couldn't set up their outgoing message on their voice mail but still insist they know which external hard drive YOU NEED for MAXIMUM VALUE.--Meaningless, redundant shelf tags that never, ever correlate with the product placed above it.--"Impulse buy" candy and junk food that's already passed its expiration date.--Defective, twice-returned equipment packaged in damaged, thrice-returned packaging held together with tape and labels.--Bathrooms that are uncomfortably crowded with all those same fucking employees that can never be found when you have a question, compulsively washing their hands and talking about that ass hole who cock blocked them the night before.--Bitch with a clipboard. Hey, stop making tally marks and get on a register and ring me up. Maybe if you weren't lurking around the cashiers and making your little notes you'd have a better turnover rate....Shit.I forgot what I was doing.Was I writing a review for Fry's Electronics or making a list of "Things Not To Have If You Want A Respectable Electronics Store".Oh fuck it.I've been here a few times. It might as well be a review. No one reads this stuff for accurate factual information anyway.
5	We just bought our new flat screen from Fry's.  The sales guy, Matt, spent about two hours with us.  He answered every question you could imagine.  He educated us and helped us make a great decision.  Maybe this should be a review for Matt, not Fry's.  But, truly, you never know when your are getting a line of crap or not.  After we bought our TV and went home, we validated everything he told us.  We price matched, no one came close.  And, they kept helping us well after the store had closed.  We had fun with the purchase instead of stressing about it.  Just an overall great experience.  My mom was there within the month and had just as good of service and was happy with her purchase.We will be going to Fry's next time we need anything and hopefully, we will have the same experience.
4	I always dread the words from hubby, "Let's go to Fry's."Why? Is it because he is completely incapable of walking out of that place without having purchased something? Is it because I have a minor heart attack when I get the credit card bill? (We get the air miles, I guess there is some positive outcome from it.)To me, Fry's is Fry's - we live near the corporate HQ of Fry's Electronics in California and that place is one hot mess. The Fry's on Baseline is a mess, but not a hot mess.But this Fry's...it's cleverly hidden and if I didn't know any better, it didn't want my husband to find it. I was hoping we wouldn't find it. Like most Fry's Electronics, it has a huge parking lot with the building itself sitting so far back, you could actually miss it. Pity we didn't miss it.We found what hubby was looking for (something to upgrade our current wireless network in the house to make it go zoom....I thought it went zoom already? No it doesn't, according to hubby.) and walked out having kept the damage to a little over $100.What I liked about this Fry's is that it's loads cleaner than other Fry's Electronics I've visited. The cafe is actually in the middle of the store (so I could buy a nice cold drink) instead of shoved into the far back corner like it was a naughty child.I'd come here again...without my husband in tow.
5	Fry's rules! I love going to this place. So much so that I won't even set foot in a Best Buy. The first thing that hits you is the size of the store. It's like a Costco for electronics - the place is huge. Most of their items are very competitively priced but it depends on what you buy and when. Their computer and peripherals section is very well stocked. They have a good selection and price range for TV's, appliances, movies and electronic gadgets as well. If you're looking for a good camera you might be disappointed. It's mostly low end box cameras that they carry. Good selection of computer books. The staff, like at most electronic stores, is pretty spotty. It's mostly young kids that don't know much and get paid less than they know. There are some exceptions though. There is one guy in the Electronics department (big guy, wears glasses...supervisor I think) who is extremely knowledgeable. This guy really knows his stuff. The people on the returns desk are all very nice.One of the things I like most about Fry's is their very liberal return policies. It's easy and hassle free to return just about anything. Give it a try - it's heaven on earth for geeks :-)
4	I recently had something of a crisis. ...and by crisis, I mean my computer blew its brains out. After pestering the living piss out of the gentleman next door (he works at Honeywell, but I've added "Free Tech Support for Cassi" to his letterhead for the time being) I was informed that my hard drive was a cheap turd likely manufactured from twigs by an enslaved infant in Thailand, which, I suppose, accounts for its six-month lifespan. 'No big deal,' I thought. 'I'll just head over to the local electronics merchant and pick up a new one.' I'm a recent (legal, I swear!) English immigrant, and thusly, haven't had the opportunity to experience all the wonders of Phoenix, Fry's Electronics being among them (*Snort* I'm a nerd. We consider these things wonders). I was completely blown away by the sheer size of the place. It's like a Super Wal-Mart, except sans the roving hordes of unsupervised toddlers with full diapers knocking over everything in sight and screaming in spanish. And filled with expensive things. First off: a big thumbs up to the architect. Big stone columns and theme-park-style, sand-blasted aging done to the store logo? As I stepped into the glorious air conditioning, I found myself humming the theme to 'Jurassic Park'. And THANK YOU, to whomever laid the store out! The hard drives were right up front, so I didn't have to make a cross-country jaunt to the far corner of the store or anything. I was immediately accosted by a gentleman with what looked like a fauxhawk hairdo (Cassi didn't wear her contacts that day) and soon enough, the blonde, blurry mass asked if I was finding everything okay. "Like, chya, broseph... I think I'm doing alright." Unpleasant flashbacks to Zia Records. I was less than thrilled with their prices, but to be fair, I was looking for a REALLY big hard drive, so it would likely be expensive no matter where I got it. I was only bothered two more times, which is slightly less annoying than my same-day trip to Best Buy, where I had to fight my way to the checkout counter by beating their hard-selling associates away with my purse. So... good for Fry's, I guess?
1	Unless it's dishonest and uneducated salespeople and sticky counters you're looking for, go someplace else. Their staff is all slimy used car salespeople-in-training.If someone's helpful, it's because they're getting commission. And take a close look at that slip you take to the register -- they're known for secretly sneaking in additional items or the next-level-up product.Here's some things I've experienced: -Man in memory section told me I couldn't grab an OEM box of Windows 7 from the shelf (just a few aisles away) and had to include it on his commission slip --sneaky-Man in home a/v had never heard of Roku Player.  --uninformed/uneducated salespeople-Man in Apple section (where they have the new Apple TV) excused the fact that they're not demoing one with "Yeah, Apple doesn't let us set them up." --tacky
1	This is 60 minutes of my life that regretfully I will never get back and would like to!!  If there was the ability to rate this "no or negative stars" I would.We went to Fry's Electronics based on a friend's recommendation to purchase a laptop. Our friend had the very best intentions in helping us find the best laptop for the very best price possible.  He recommended a particular sales person, however they were not there when we arrived. Now I know my friend had a a good experience with this particular person so I thought seeking help from someone else would be OK...So my story begins:We have never been to Fry's so when we pulled up to this huge retailer looking like a Mian Temple my son got real excited thinking this would be like a "Raiders of the Lost Ark" adventure, but we are looking for a laptop and not an Ark. As we entered the store we were appalled at the grotesque Halloween display they had set up in the entry way.  It was this life sized zombie looking thing that was cut in half and crawling around on the floor.  It was so NOT APPROPRIATE and scared every little child that walked in. We quickly walked past it to the computer area.  We enter the laptop area and walked past five employees.  No one said a word to us even though they made eye contact.  We stood in front of the laptops waiting for someone to show an interest in us, but no one did. I finally interrupted a conversation three of them were having together to ask for help.  They told us they would call someone to help us??? They weren't helping anyone. As we were looking at the very tacky signs they had posted on all their laptops informing their customers about their 10% restocking fee, finally one of them came over and asked us if we had any questions.  I was looking for a laptop they had in their ad and was wanting to compare it to another laptop they had in their ad a week ago.  When I asked about these laptops he actually stated "the one from last week's ad is not on display and the other laptop you are asking about is over there and pointed" then he walked off to help someone else!  So another person finally approached us and asked us the same thing.  He was more helpful but in the middle of his sales pitch we were interrupted by one of his colleagues and he left us and said he would be right back but never came back!  I asked a third person if they could help us only to be interrupted again by yet another sales person. He walked off with this person and started helping someone else on his way back to us....We finally asked to speak to a manager and the person that called told us it would be just a minute.  After waiting 10 minutes to speak to someone that wanted to sell us a laptop, the manager never showed up.  The person that paged the manager just looked at us and never followed up nor apologized. I was beginning to think we were on some type of reality TV show where they "pushed your buttons" just enough until you break and throw a "smack down" on someone.  So we literally looked around to see if we were being taped.  We completely wasted an hour of our time and left.  We walked past five more people on the way out and no one acknowledged us...So we went to Best Buy, dreading the experience and delightfully surprised!  We were acknowledged throughout the store and the sales person was the BEST!  They were very helpful and offered to match any price from Fry's.  To top it off, Best Buy doesn't charge a restocking fee should we need to do a return.I am just baffled as to why anyone would buy anything from Fry's Electronics... HUGE WASTE OF TIME!
4	Frys electronics is amazing.
1	Looked online for a laptop and checked availability. I called this store to double check before driving 30 min. I got here and they didn't have either one. I also remember having issues returning something here about two years ago and it was a nightmare.
2	This is the Walmart of electronics. They have everything you may need at good prices. Do your research online before coming in the store. They are infamous for having horrible customer service yet having tons of employees walking around. They completely ignore you and walk right by you. If you want good service and answers to questions go to best buy. This is a no-nonsense store. Get it and get out!
4	You get what you pay for and at this location even a little more! I like the layout of this store better than it's sister store on Baseline for some reason. I recently (don't laugh) bought an acoustic guitar at this location.One to hold me over until I can afford the Dreadnought style guitar my ears & fingers long for daily! Anyway I like this spot and the associates they employ here! Quick and to the point!
2	I only go here when I know exactly what I want so I dont have to try and ask an employee for help. 1 out of 10 of there employees actually knows something. Sometimes this place is just so fustrating. Customer service sucks.But when I do find something I want it is a really good price.
3	I am a big tech/electronics geek!  I could spend all day inside Fry's Electronics and be as happy as a kid in a candy store.  They do have an amazing selection on pretty much everything!  Their prices seem to be fair on the items I've purchased over the years too.  I also like their easy return policy they have.  The one sore spot has to do with security.  Why must they make all their customers feel as if they are criminals???  This is the reason why I don't go out of my way to shop them.  If I am around that part of town great.  If not I'm not going to make a special trip.
4	This place is amazing. They have so much to offer in about every electronics category. I also like how the store is set up with a unique interior and exterior. It's refreshing to not be blinded by hyper-white walls and continuous box-store shelving. I can walk around this place for hours and not get bored. The main issue I have is that this establishment has about 30 registers, yet there is always a hundred foot line to check out. I understand that it's not exactly the "busy season" but I've gone in there at all times of the day and have waited in long lines every time. Another little problem I have is that their customer service is extremely lacking. If you're lucky enough to snag an employee to help you, it's either the ones who are highly uneducated about anything that plugs into a wall...or the ones who believe the same about you and talk down to you in such a manner.  The four stars have been earned due to their selection, internet price matching...and one lady that helped me out about a week ago. She was amazing and should be their model employee. It honestly looked as if she was working the jobs of 4 or 5 others...and she was pregnant! I'll continue to shop here for their pro points, but I do hope some improvements are made in the near future.
5	So Fry's is amazing! After going to "Best Buy" and asking their "geek squad" questions about our computer and getting the deer in the headlights look from them, we said to heck with this. We went to Fry's and the guy behind the counter was amazingly helpful and knowledgeable. Wasn't trying to gouge us for money, just was sharing his specialty.  The sales guys can be jerks at times, but the service people more than make up for it! I'll never set foot in best buy as long as Fry's is open!
1	The organization is grand with a ton of selection but the employees could care less about costumer service. It is very amazing with the amount of unemployed people in the city they have to hire the most incompetent individuals.... I'm not going to be ignorant and say they are ALL bad, but a few in the bunch seem to make it difficult to be a repeat costumer. Try talking to a manager at this location and you will be routed around the store till you finally get some one that states "the manager is off till next week." i will stay a website purchaser until they change their policy at this location and hire individuals with a better standard
4	Customer service on the floor is great. Not my first time at a Fry's Electronics.
4	Finally got my HDMI cord from Fry's Electronics and love it (bye bye cable, hello internet TV). I had received it as a gift and needed to exchange it for a different type. I took the gift in (already opened) and they exchanged it with no questions asked. Not only is the service great, but you can't beat the selection and prices!
5	It seems that I can't drive past a Fry's and not feel their electronic magnetism pulling me in. This one seems larger than the ones I've been in before.I managed to put out the "don't bug me" vibe and in general, I was not asked by any of the associates if I needed assistance while I browsed the various electrics and other wonderful tchotchkes.If you want to build your own computer or add a few after-market accessories to it, Fry's is the place. This shop also sells software, books, CD's, DVD's, digital cameras, televisions, Nintendo and Playstation consoles and games, plus even home appliances like washers and dryers.I managed to get out of the store with less than $100 in damage for a few things I have been needing (wanting?) for a while. My problem with Fry's is that most of it can't be carried on to a plane (tools) and much of it would end up being stolen from your suitcase, so I am never able to buy as much here as I would really want. Perhaps that's a good thing?There is even a small coffee shop in the store if you need to take a break from the shopping and catch your breath.
3	There's not much to say. It's a huge electronic store. They generally have everything I'm looking, I say generally because I was looking for a specific electronic piece for a circuit I was working on, but they can't stock Everything. Customer service has been considerate and not argumentative, but staff in certain sections seem more into talking or what game is on the TV. Maybe I should avoid going on Sundays?Since I upgrade all my computer parts yearly I am familiar with the computer parts section. They have always been knowledgeable, and beats the other local companies in regards to price. They also don't seem to have much employee turnover in that section. In the end, all I can say is... I have not had a bad experience yet, so I'll keep going back until I do.
2	Yeah.  I am pretty much appalled at this store.  The only reasons to shop here are the selection and prices.The turn-offs include:Jerky employees - hard to put my finger on why this store attracts a weird breed of techno-jerk.Head scratching security annoyances such as needing to always get a supervisor to determine if your cash is authentic.The stupid long lane of cashiers and having to wait to be told which counter to go to...Clearly the prices rock - so if you know exactly what you need and are pretty sure you will never need to go back for support, then it is worth a stop.  Personally, I prefer buying things from amazon.com to avoid paying the local taxes.  Shopping at Frys is like brain-damage.  I will pass if I can help it.
4	As a consumer of electronics, I like this place. I was in a lack-luster relationship with Best Buy and we were only in it until something better came along. Fry's is my something better. They really do have everything:TV, video, audio, car stereos, computers, appliances, gaming, magazines, toys...and a cafe in the middle-not that that was the deal breaker. They always seem to have specials on DVDs which I think is cool but be careful-that $25 you were planning on spending can easily turn into $200. This really is a one-stop shop for the geek in all of us.
2	Poor inventory often times.  Went looking for a power supply and shelves are very sparse with stock.  if they have more in stock they should fill the shelves.  But to be out of 5 major brand models is not very good for business.Lines are fairly quick most of the time.Help in the aisles is virtually non existent.I often find situations where staff members are flirting with each other (or rather the men, old and young, staff members are hitting on the young female staff) rather than helping customers find things or answer customer questions.The only reason for 2 stars at all is for their in-store pickup option from the website.  This is very good. however, many employees are dumbfounded how to complete the pick up process or where to find the online ordered items on their shelves behind the cash registers.  This is unacceptable training.Pricing is not the best unless there is a rebate and the item is on sale already.  This is more often the case than not.
1	Horrible!   Unless you have two extra days to stand by and wait for delivery, don't waste your time shopping here.  You can get the same merchandise for a better price on the date and time promised.  They provide the worst customer service, and that is really bad considering the current lack of customer service.  Buyer beware!!!
1	11/16/11My cousin wanted to buy a hard drive for me for Christmas, so she asked if there was a Best Buy, or better yet, a Fry's Electronics near where I lived.  I asked her why FE?  She said that she knew that FE did online price-matching.  Sounded good to me (almost too good), so we endured 36 minutes' of off-highway traffic and traveled 20+ miles to visit this Fry's Electronics' location in Phoenix, as we'd only visited the one on Baseline and the I-10 before.  Became excited as we approached the lot- this FE seemed a lot bigger than the other one.  Indoors looked brighter and more welcoming, as well.  We were able to ask one of the salespeople waiting in their station where we could find the hard drives, and we were directed to Aisle 12.  (It's good to note that the aisles are arranged ODD on one side and EVEN on the other.)  After spending about fifteen minutes looking for an appropriate-sized hard drive without a salesperson asking if we needed assistance (none approached us), we settled on a Touro Mobile 500 GB priced at $75 and change.  Cousin whipped out her cellphone and used an app to scan the UPC bar code to locate one online for price-matching and came up w/ $55 and change, a $20 savings- sweet!  Now, we just hoped that FE would follow through on their price-matching promise.  We approached a sales help kiosk, since it seemed like other people were waiting their turns there, but after waiting five minutes without anyone stopping by, I decided we'd just head over to the registers and wait (five minutes, or so) for our turn to pay, hoping that they'd handle the price-matching there.  No- we were told to head back and wait for someone to give us the ticket for the price-matching.  Great, after another ten minutes' of waiting, we finally had a young break-in salesclerk approach us.  We told him what we had found, and sure enough, after about fifteen minutes or so of checking things out on the computer and discussing with another salesclerk, he finally told us that Fry's Electronics would not be able to do a price-match.  (Was the other salesclerk a manager training this newbie?  Who knows?  We didn't, since the guy never even once bothered to introduce himself to us, nor look at us when we would ask questions-- he'd answer our questions, but would answer them while looking at our salesperson.)20+ miles of driving, 45 minutes wasted at the store, and I STILL do not have a hard drive.  Do yourselves a favor, and avoid Fry's Electronics.  I will never shop at one, again!!
4	We've been going to Fry's since they opened in Arizona.  First to the one in Tempe and then to the one on Thunderbird.  Personally, I prefer the Thunderbird store to the one on Baseline, but that's just my personal preference.  Today we went to the store so that my husband could price out some components for a computer that he was considering building.  We went in to price them, we came out with the components in our hot little hands.  The salesperson in computers, Michael Scudella, was amazing.  He really spent the time with us to understand what we were looking to do (build a computer that can play Diablo III when it comes out... along with other stuff that I don't care as much about but hubby does).  He was friendly, patient, and extremely knowledgeable about computer components.  I usually just "glaze over" when people begin talking "computer tech speak" but I actually had fun while my husband went all "geek" in the store.  The store is large, clean and has a huge selection of computer stuff.  I recommend it to anyone who wants a better buying experience than most of the typical big box chains for computer parts.
3	Frys electronics is the same no matter what state you're in. Same lousy customer service. I hate having to come back multiple times to return/exchange merchandise. They're the only store around that will have the parts(most of the time) for me to build a computer. I think frys likes to hire attractive girls.
4	WHOA!  So many things to look at and buy!!!  You can find almost anything electronics there and at many price points.  I need limit my visits here to save my wallet's life.  LOL!
1	Nightmare to deal with.The store is fun to walk through. But that's it.They make a lot of promises about low prices and quality. But the few times I've purchased products, they have horrible, terrible, awful customer service. Delivery guys bang up stuff. Calls to customer service leads to frustration, lots of it - people with bad attitudes. If you problems, they'll tell you "call us" or they'll call you. They don't. When you call the store no one knows who you are or what you purchased or what the problems are.And don't even dare get a credit card. You can't pay in the store. If you pay online they'll block you for the slightest reason. Calls to customer service go unanswered. They'll jack up your interest rate for the slightest reason, like not knowing your account number and card number (they're different) or the name of your favorite childhood pet. Seriously.Go to Fry's Electronics to walk around and enjoy the store. If you want to buy something, run - don't walk - to Costco or Walmart for better prices and infinitely better service.
1	OMG! I am so frustrated at this store, I have never met such an incompetent group of people in my entire shopping life. First, I called Fry's Electronics to check to see if they had a specific GPS model that worked in Europe. I called because I live at 115th Ave and Buckeye which is about 20miles from the nearest store. The call center informed me they did not carry that model but listed about 10 other GPS with maps of Europe. I asked again those models have maps of Europe? "Yes and Australia too". And you have those models in stock? "Yes." What is the price range? "$100 to $300". Thank you. FIRST MISINFORMATION! So I drove to  30th Ave and Thunderbird, talked with "GPS Specialist" (which apparently means nothing) and he (Jared) informed me they did not have any GPS units with European maps!! He said the call center "is a bunch of retards" and that those were all last years models. Then he called someone and looked at several GPS Units. When he did not know  if the unit had European maps or not he GOOGLED them! (okay not confident in your product knowledge). Then he sold me a $260 unit with European maps. SECOND MISINFORMATION. I drove all the way home and the GPS did not have European maps! I had to buy them for another $100 which I could have done with a cheaper GPS.So I drive back to Fry's. Speak with a Supervisor, they return my first GPS. I speak with the same sales rep (ya thats great). He says he figured out 25min after I left that he sold me the wrong product and none of their GPS have european maps. So I then buy the cheapest model that was could download European maps, according the the sales rep Garmin NUVI 50Lm for $129.  THIRD MISINFORMATION. Because according to the Garmin site the NUVI 40Lm is also compatible and cheaper. I then went home bought the $100 European map and couldn't download it to my GPS because there wasn't enough space available!!!Now I have to buy a miniSD Card and a miniSD reader for my Mac book. Awesome. Great to know that the electronic store knows nothing about electronics!
3	Over all decent store. Good for computer components if you know what you want. Not the best for really little electronic/wiring type of stuff although they do have a decent selection of that. Also a good selection of games and movies.
2	OK. This is a pretty short review as I have minimal nice things to say.Facts:1. Usually best priced computer parts, and will price match online (some websites)2. Staff is generally knowledgeable about the products they sell. (I know this because I have 14 years IT experience)3. If its in the weekly ad they probably will not have any in stock.4. Their customer service (at the front line, not management) level is horrendous. I have been given the wrong information, I have been given the wrong price on products (by over 100.00 and it baffles me how you can't read a price tag), and the general lack of caring is pitiful.Will I go to Frys again? Yes because I don't want to pay more money at the Amazon Show Room down the street (read as Best Buy). Will I ask anyone for computer information here? ...No.
2	It has some decent deals if you can't wait to find a GREAT deal online. the service is honestly weird.  The guy had no sense of personal space and was all up in my grill and would stand awkwardly next to me like he had nothing better to do.I didn't feel too comfortable there, and the sale person tried to keep pressuring me to buy. All the way to the point where i just put the few things i had in my hands down and just left...buying online wins again... specifically amazon prime ftw.
1	Dear Shitty Floor Manager at Fry's,I know that your store's prices are cheaper than almost any place locally. There's a reason I'm buying my MacBook there. However, this does not give you carte blanche to act like a total dick when I don't buy your warranty, nor does it mean you should make me wait 15 minutes just for you to go grab a laptop (one which you yourself admitted you were overstocked on).When someone approaches you in the middle of our conversation to tell you that the keyboard you directed them toward was located in a completely different section of the store than where you sent them, this means you should apologize. It does not mean you should roll your eyes at them.And when I say thanks and begin to walk away, you probably should keep in mind that I can hear you when you tell me "good luck" in reference to my not buying your stupid warranty. The reason I don't want your warranty is because it means I would have to come back and talk to you. I've never broken a laptop in my life, and I'm not going to break this one either. So do your job and shut your mouth.Love,-KevinPS: Young polite girl at register, you're A-OK.
1	After a visit to this store one Sunday for their "One Day Sunday Specials" I drove a 50 mile round trip for a desktop computer that was a fantastic price.  Not only did they not have it but they NEVER had it.  I asked them to call the store in Tempe...the sales guy I talked to said "if they have it they won't hold it for you"...I said call anyway.  He called and they had ONE and it was the floor model.  I see that I am not the only one on here that has had this experience.  'Scuse me but isn't this FALSE ADVERTISING?"....I know I'm not allowed to pull this stunt in my business so why are they?  ARGH.  I told the sales guy that I was aware of this type of advertising and not only would I never shop there again but I would not even buy a PENCIL on the way out....so buyer beware...call ahead to see if they have it before you go but even if they say they have it don't expect it to be there when you get there!
4	So, during December my computer died not once, but twice!  The hard drive went out on it, and after trying to get it fixed by a friend, I finally accepted that it was toast.  I wasn't really prepared for this to happen, as I had anticipated it lasting another year before replacing it.  But, such is life, and I guess it was time for the computer to go.Mind you, I've never made a major purchase from Fry's electronics. I've been here in the past  for smaller purchases, but nothing more then here and there. Being that I was in the market again for a computer, and since things have changed since I last purchased a computer several years ago, I needed to refresh myself with what was out there.  (not just computer wise, but even the retail landscape has changed dramatically as well.)I did some shopping around at Costco, Best Buy, and after a friend accompanied me here, I decided that Fry's had the selection and price that I was looking for.  I came in for my purchase on Wednesday night, because their New Years sale was ending. I was down to two computers that I had my eye on, and figured it was time to purchase before the sale ended.The guy who helped me was awesome.  Total tech guy who totally new his stuff.  I was impressed with his knowledge. I showed him the two models that I wanted, and asked him which one would be better for me.  After explaining the differences, he said that either model will do me fine for a laptop, and that the $50 price difference was really up to me. He said that the cheaper model was the way to go, and that for $50 LESS I was not going to see a major speed difference for what I was getting.He went back and grabbed the computer and had it at the register after I finished wandering the store.  He also told me that if I purchased Microsoft I could get it for $89 instead of the $120 that it would cost me if I waited until the 60 days ran out and they charge you. I said that I'm not a huge word user, and would pass.  He was really educated and filled in a LOT of blanks for me that I couldn't have filled in myself.  I had a really positive experience here, and I feel like Fry's is the new Best Buy for me.  Plus, even though Costco has great prices, your on your own with buying and hoping its every thing you need. Plus, I've found that they rotate stock a lot at Costco and what you see today may not be there in a month. (trust me, I tried. The computer I had my eye on in early December there is not for sale through them anymore.  They rotated and put out an entirely different stock when I went back to purchase around New Years.Even tho Costco seems to have a better warranty and tech support offer on their computers then Fry's, their stock rotates to fast and if you don't buy it within a short window of time, you may not get the make and model that you want.Overall, had a great experience here and I would make another computer purchase from Fry's again.
4	After shopping here regularly for years it's past time to post a review!  Now I buy a lot of my electronics from Amazon & New Egg, but for small items or things you want TODAY, I think Fry's here is unbeatable.  Yes, there are imperfections, such as sometimes running out of a stock item, customer service on the floor sometimes being great, other times weak, but I certainly wouldn't want to be without Fry's!Prices here are usually good, and sometimes great.  Here are the items I picked up here today while out on errands:*  50 blank DVD-Rs, $7.99!*  Handy Card Reader that accepts camera memory card & plugs into USB for simpler transfer of pix to computer than using the connecting cord, $4.99.     :-)*8GB USB Flash Drive, $5.99.*  College Ruled Notebook paper (not available at any Valley 99 Cents Only or Walmart!), 150 sheets, $1.49.     :-)All staff members I dealt with today were easy to get help from, friendly & knowledgeable.  Checkout was fast & friendly.  Thus, it was 5 Stars today, & 4 overall during the time I've been shopping at this location.PS:  I shop at the Tempe store about every other time & like it about the same.  I'll post a Review for that location after my next visit there.
4	Well here is the thing that made Fry's relevant again in my book at least......internet price matching. I mean the prices at Fry's can be a bit outrageous and while the selection is awesome....you can buy everything in the store ONLINE for so much CHEAPER. I guess they figured this out a while ago and decided that since people just come in....look at the merchandise....price check it.....go home.....look ONLINE....and then BUY it ONLINE.....they might need to make some changes...LOL. I see they are really making a big deal about people taking photographs in the store now....but since they price match now that shouldn't be a big deal. After all people were just doing that so they could go and compare the prices ONLINE. So kudos to Fry's getting a "CLUE" and staying relevant in the valley because if their not careful they will end up on the chopping block like other Electronic retailers (Circuit City....Ultimate Electronics....and coming soon Best Buy). Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	Our experience here was a train wreck. Complete incompetence. On the plus side, The store is relatively clean, competitively priced, and no one was rude, but we picking up the order we placed online (that should have been waiting for us) was a scavenger hunt. First, the customer service person told us to go to the computers department, but on our way there, we saw a sign for networking and figured our router might be there. The employee in that department told us our router would be at the cashier but the modem would be in the computers department (not together for some reason even though we ordered them together). At the computers department, we couldnt find anyone to help us, so we went to the cashier. When we got to the cashier (after waiting in line), she was confused and needed a manager to tell her that our order was waiting back in the computers department. We waited for her to walk back and get it. We were surprised when she asked for a credit card even though we had entered that already online. Apparently they don't charge the card until you pick it up (in case you don't have the patience for the chaos, perhaps?). Lastly, the cashier told us they didn't have bags when we asked her to bag our purchased items. We managed to convince her to put each item in its own small plastic bag. Far from ideal, but we managed to eventually get out of there with what we needed.
4	The last time I was in this store was about 9 years ago when I bumped my RAM from 256 to 512.  This time I bumped it to 2gig and it was much less expensive.  I got helped both times by somebody who knew what they were doing and got what I needed on the first try.
2	I was shocked when I first moved to the valley and saw Fry's for the first time. The place is huge. If you are a computer nerd or any kind of electronics nut, this is a wonderful toy store. If you are in the market for a desktop, consider buying parts from Newegg or Amazon and paying the staff to build it. Chances are you will still get more power for less money than a prebuilt tower!The store now price matches online retailers. Between that and Amazon finally charging Arizona state sales tax, there is no longer a huge disparity in price between Fry's and Amazon.Now for the 2 star part. One of the big complaints people have about Best Buy is lack of floor staff. For years, that didn't seem to be a problem at Fry's. But my last couple of trips are now mirroring Best Buy. Today we went to get a Roku box. We stood in line for about 20 minutes with 2 people in front of us to ask for help finding one. They were not with the DVD players, the TVs, or even the Google boxes. Several employees walked by but none were the "manager" on the picture, none offered to help anyone waiting for help, none even said anything to us. Eventually someone asked if we needed anything. We told him we were looking for a Roku box. He asked how much we were looking to spend and we said about $100 and that we were looking for the Roku 3. The first thing he said was to double our budget and we could get a Google box. Eventually he told us where to find the Rokus (other side of the store... with internal PC hard drives for some reason).To anyone at Fry's that may read this. I appreciate that your prices are as good as anyone else's. But why would I drive halfway across the valley to go to your location, be ignored, wander around aimlessly for half an hour, and then have to drive home? That lack of service is what is killing Best Buy. I'll just sit at home and wait for my from Prime shipping if this is the service I can expect. Which is a shame because this store really is just a giant toy store and is tons of fun to browse. But it's full of frustration to shop now.
3	Went there few days ago wanting to get a memory card or two for my Sony camera.  Most of the shelves are empty, so not really sure if they are just clearing out the inventories or they are closing the store down for good.  Really don't know what to thing.  I left and went over next door to Best Buy to get what I want.  Maybe next time I'll just drive to the Tempe location to get what I need.  It's a bit far for me to drive, but if their shelves are full and have what I need to buy, I don't mind driving that far out.
1	Shitty / unfriendly / super jerk employees (especially on the computer/printers section). Will never shop again.
3	We spend a lot of time and money in Fry's Electronics in the Los Angeles area. On our recent visit to Phoenix we decided to check out the Glendale, AZ store.Large store. As you probably know, each Fry's Electronics has its own theme. The Glendale store's theme is Mayan Indian. Against the back wall of the store is a mock up of an ancient Mayan village with life-sized figures in native costumes. They seem to be welcoming as they overlook heaps of computers, sound systems, and a huge inventory of blue-ray movies. Yes, village life has come a long way from building temples, constructing impressive water systems, and performing live sacrifices on holy days.We bought magazines. Fair amount of inventory. Good selections.Customer service. Easy to find help when needed.Restrooms are clean. Lots of parking.
1	Don't waste your time at this place. It should be known better for it's high pressure teens trying to sell you electronics. A bunch of cocky kids working the aisles, ready to smirk and talk rudely to you if you don't want to buy. Management needs a 101 lesson also.
5	I love Fry's Electronics.   They always have what I am looking for and  in stock and I can pick up.  Don't have to wait by ordering and waiting for delivery via mail.
1	Good selection of... Anything and everything. Other than that, this place is awful. The staff are rude, they don't know what they are doing, the prices aren't better than anywhere else. They suck.
3	I'm not really a fan of this brand due to the I know it all attitude of the staff.  On more than one occasion I questioned what I was being told and was informed that " I'm an expert on this equipment"  Well la de da, guess what bozo, you were wrong, but you'll never admit to that will you?
1	I was searching the Fry's inventory online for a hard drive for my new PS4 and it said on the website that this store had it. Since I never trust anyone or anything, I called the store to double check before I drive 25 miles out of my way to pick it up. Apparently they don't check on inventory anymore by phone as I am told by the message, you have to check the website and if it says it is in stock, it will be there at the store. Okay drive down there..and surprise they don't have it! Associate: Oh, it looks like they have one in the back but it is defective. Me: What do you mean defective? What's wrong with it, I drove this whole way.Associate: It's defective. Oh but we have this in stock (names off something that is completely not what I am looking for, has nothing to do with anything).Me: Can I speak to a manager?Manager: Well it looks like we had an employee test out that defective drive and it seems to be working okay, do you want it?Me: Hell no! what tested it out for these last few minutes and I'm supposed to trust that?What do you have to say for me driving this whole way when the website says you guys have it and you don't allow people to call and check? Can you offer me a discount?Manager: No, you should have placed an order on the website to hold it here for you so that way it would have been here.Me: What the hell would that have done? Ordered a defective drive? because that's what you told me you have here in stock. Have you suffered a mild stroke? That makes no sense whatsoever.So there you have it, no customer service and no organization. Heck who cares about getting some sort of discount, offering some troubleshooting to solve the situation and an apology would have made me a happy camper. I really don't like the Baseline location either because of it's unknowledgeable employees, but it looks like I am going to stick with that location from now on. Everyone thinks they are a technological expert these days. Know your stuff before stepping into these kind of places.
1	I can't stand shopping here. Seriously! The check out line is ridiculous (and with all the candy and beef jerky they force you to stand next to in hopes of an impulse buy, you'd THINK you'd be able to find grab and go items like jump drives... alas, not when I was there.) Almost as ridiculous as the exchange/return process. The staff we talked to seemed to lack product  knowledge. I will NOT be back.
1	As a paying customer I didn't like being treated like a criminal, I rode a bike 9 miles to this place and had a backpack with my stuff I bring while riding long distances, they immediately wanted to search it, I asked to see a manager as I seen no reason to search me upon entering the store, I asked if they search every purse that comes thru the door, he said no. But there is a sign reading that they can do a random search of bags... so I did my shopping knowing they are most likely watching me the entire time, so at no point did i take off the backpack, I watched for a while everyone that walked out with a purse and not once did they search them. Once I paid for my items and was leaving they asked to search my backpack again, and again I told them no and wanted to see a manager, letting them know if they can show me video of me taking my backpack off and putting anything in it that I would let them randomly search my backpack, after a few minutes of them harassing me I decided to call the police and file a complaint of harassment, the manager said I didn't have to do that and that I could go without being searched, I demanded for a refund on what I purchased, ended up buying it online for a better deal and nut getting harassed either...
1	There are times I can be a royal dick.  Usually it's just me having a bad day and it's all on me.  But there are times when the royal Dick in Chief comes out and the person at the receiving end deserves it mightily.  Alas, this was the case on my very first visit to this over the top, cheesy, electronic store in a temple of death ... called Fry's Electronics.I wanted to upgrade my phone.  Not exactly rocket science.  I knew I'd have to pay more because Verizon had me in a current 2-year contract that allowed them to rape me monthly in a not so gentle financial way and that I couldn't get out of it without having to give up my two kids, and kill a few people on their behalf.  They are the top dogs in wireless though, so I keep them.  However my iPhone SUCKS!  I went with the hype and bought one of those little white bird poop color phones and after a few weeks I was regretting it.  I won't get into why I hate my iPhone (that's another review for another time), but let's just say that I didn't lose any sleep when I heard that Steve Jobs system crashed... literally. Well, I wanted to get one of those larger screen Samsung phones and since I'm still under contract I just wanted to ask a few questions about how much it would cost, if I could switch carriers once my contact was over, if I could keep my phone if I changed carriers down the road, etc.  Nothing too tough.  But evidently I found the one employee in the store that must have been suffering from chronic hemroids (how do you spell hemroids?).  I was standing there and he asked if I needed some help at which point I THOUGHT that was where I was supposed to tell him what I was looking for and why.  Well, I was 10 seconds in when he began to talk to me like I was some special needs kid who had just got off the short bus.  I of course should have known that Verizon had these rules with their phones that didn't allow them to switch to another carrier, and that it was too bad that I didn't like my phone but I as stuck with it.  Now I get the Verizon stuck stuff... like I said, they have been raping me for months.  However, I didn't need the attitude, especially from some skinny twink who probably gave blow jobs in the bathroom when he was on his break.  I'm not against gay people, heck I am one, but this queen twink threw me attitude like there was no tomorrow at which point I decided to bring out my own Diva personality (I call her Cascade) and let him know that I didn't appreciate him talking to me like that.  He then told me he was busy with another customer, which only pissed me off more because he was the one who asked me if I need his help.  Stupid queen.Well, I was going to walk out when I thought that I at least should mention something to the store manager.  Well, I found him.  And here I thought Homer Simpson worked at a nuclear plant.  No... he works at Fry's Electronics.  This guy was about as smart as a turd.  He went and got "Steve" who apparently was the queen's manager, who's personality was along the lines of deer in the headlights Forrest Gump."Steve" put me in touch with another sales rep who, out of the gate, was nice and gave me great service.  I even bought a phone from him.  However, if having to get something requires me to be lectured by a bald queen and ignored by a management team who wouldn't know customer service if it bit them in the anus...well then Fry's can go fuck themselves.
5	I love this place!  It can be overwhelming if you are not a geek though.  They usually have the lowest prices for quality products.  Their weekly ads come out each Friday.  I have built bare bone desktop PCs from components from Fry's.  They also have generous return policy on merchandise.
4	Biggest, best geek toy store in the valley if you like to build your own computers or are looking for anything computer related.  Looking for laptops, tablets, printers, ink, modems, routers, hard drives, flash drives, memory, motherboards, cases, fans, all manner of networking equipment, most any manner of computer part, piece, or accessory? This would be most likely place to find it, and at competitive prices.  If you are looking for wide-screen TVs, video, or stereo equipment, OTC software, music, or movies, cds, dvds, video games, and so much more, Fry's is the super store.  You can also order from their web site for pick up in-store.  Home appliances range from rice cookers to washers, dryers, refrigerators, stoves, microwave to toaster ovens, vacuums, water coolers, and even a few window AC units.  There are also sizable offerings of cell phone and accessories, car stereos, over the air TV antennas, and a snack bar for when you just need to sit down and have a bite or sip before going back to face the sometimes overwhelming array of choices.  The computer service department also offers inkjet cartridge refills at very great prices, though there is one problem (other than my HP printer acting as if it's rejecting an organ transplant): You have to wait in line at the computer repair service counter to both drop off and pick up your cartridge. Frequently there's an unseemly wait there as the tech guys get tied up providing comfort and therapy to those traumatized at having to drop off their beloved companion,  It's okay. I understand, I'm traumatized without my time sponge too, but there needs to be a better, quicker drop off and/or  pick up system for the ink cartridges.  The product knowledge of store personnel has improved radically since the first couple years after the store's opening.  If you can get to the right personnel, they've always been very generous in sharing their expertise.  It is a big store though, and there will always be a fair number of new employees, so their expertise, especially outside of their departmental comfort zone, may vary.  Widely. The return policy is generally 30 days, which is I believe up from the 14 on at least some items of some years ago.  Though it's a far cry from my beloved membership warehouse's 90 day return policy on electronics and virtually unlimited on everything else, I have generally found it to be adequate, and the process otherwise frequently less burdensome in terms of time required, than that at my beloved warehouse store, at least if there's a line for returns and only one person at the counter at said membership store returns counter. Lastly, before you exit Fry's and attempt to insert your 60 (or maybe now "80") inch TV into your it-doesn't-seem-that-Smart-now car, you have to run THE GAUNTLET, a long aisle loaded with lower priced gear on the left, a wall of last minute while-you-wait food temptation on the right.  On the left there are among other things loads of modest capacity flash drives, a few cfl light bulbs, and and LED lighted this & thats, ear buds, cell phone cases, USB and HDMI cables, discount DVDs,  and more that I can't remember.  On the right . On the right it's the wall of last minute food temptation, from candy bars to Cokes, cookies and chips, nuts, and Naked Juices, until you round the far turn and wait to be directed to the next open register which has the green light flashing above it on your home stretch heading out the store.  The line moves quickly unless sometimes . . . sometimes in the evenings close to closing, it appears they may have let too many people go home too early, and the wait may be irritatingly long, but in the many times I've been in the store, that has been on only a few, thankfully rare occasions.  Pardon the verbose overflow above, but to sum it up: an A-OK store with extra credit for expansive special interest selection, and improved product knowledge on the part of at least long-term personnel in my primary area of interest (computer parts & pieces).
1	Horrible customer service! My friend and I were there not too long ago to grab a few things. Looking for a fuse we ran into an employee asking if they had one laying around he replied "no, we don't carry that" (rude tone). I was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off. Customer service is TERRIBLE. Definitely need better employees or atleast teach em to talk to people.
1	Thanks for the waist of my time, gas, and money Fry's. Open and damaged in store pickups are what every customer wants! Keep up the quality work!
1	Very weak sales season. No competitive offerings, cheap tricks as restocking fees on most returned items. The only store without a competitive edge. Very disappointing!
4	Fry's Electronics is basically a toy store for adults. Want computers, electronics, CDs, DVDs, appliances, stereos. TVs, etc? You can get it all here.Whether you want a fully built system that is ready to be set up and used in your house or you like to build your own computer or home entertainment system, Fry's Electronics is the place for you.... and the prices constantly put other stores to shame.If you're looking for electronics, look to Fry's.
4	Great place to get a HUGE variety of electronics, appliances, toys, movies, accessories, they pretty much have everything you cant think of here.  I love going here when I cant figure out on what to buy as a gift or even just to fill in the stocking stuffers for the holiday season.  I came here last week to choose a tablet and since they have 4000 to choose from it really is the best place to buy one of these.  However, they only have a 15 day return policy so I will have to wait to closer to Christmas in order to make this purchase in case my kids don't like them.  This is the only reason I am giving them a 4 star review.
4	This is my go-to store for small electronics. While I usually check out Best Buy first because of its proximity to where I live, I often end up here to find exactly what I want - cables, jump drives, memory cards, small gift items - because they have a larger selection and usually lower prices. The staff has always been helpful all the times that I've been here, and I have not experienced any long waits at checkout; that's probably because I always come here during off-peak hours.
4	Has to be the biggest electronic TV computer store in town if it is not here you're not going to find it anywhere in town great selection almost to the point where there's too much stuff . At times a store can be kind of junky but has everything a Geek would need price is always a big thing here where you get the best deals in town and the selection is tops. I think I have purchased everything in my house here from televisions camera accessories memory for computers jump drives DVDs Blu rays tripods . Always look for the Friday ads and the mid week Wednesday ads. The checkout line is a little weird and can be long . Overall we will always come back here because of the selection and prices.
3	I could literally write a book about Fry's Electronics. This is the one I go to the most since the other Fry's is a million miles away on Baseline Rd past the Arizona Mills mall. I've been here 100 times and there are some key rules when shopping here. Rule#1 Know what you want before you go into the store. Also, know where the hell it is. If you don't know, ask the first customer service person you see. Have them take you to the product. Don't let them wave their hand in the direction they think the product is at. Have them show you, because 9 out 10 times, you won't see it. Rule# 2 Never go to this store on Black Friday unless you want to wait 3-4hrs to reach the cash register. No joke. If you do go, stand in line early at night or morning, so you are one of the top 60-75 person in the line. This way you can get in and out quickly when those doors open.Rule# 3. Never buy refurbished, repriced, restocked items. Half the time they are broken returns that Fry's will try to resell. They don't even test these items. They just rebox them and throw them back on the shelves. Don't even take a chance. It's a waste of your money and your time.Rule# 4 Bring the Fry's Electronics Sales Ad with you if you don't know what you want to buy. It comes out on Friday's in the Arizona Republic. Definitely check it out before you head there if you can. They usually have some decent sales, especially on DVD/Blu-Ray movies, thumb drives, memory cards and video games. The ad is also in the store on the wall to the right after you past the golden metal gates. Now, here are the pros and cons of Fry's Electronics. Let's start with the good stuff.Pros: 1. The place has everything electronic. I mean EVERYTHING. You got your speakers, phones, computers, laptops, video game consoles, headphones, toasters, refrigerators, vacuums, Blu-Ray players, Media players (IPods), IPod/Tablets, cameras, electronic toys, etc..etc.. It's a grown man's heavenly palace. 2. They usually have great sales on just about everything. too. You can usually get anywhere from 5%-30% on items during their sales. Not bad. 3. They have an online store as well, you can shop online too. www.frys.com Save some gas. 4. They are easy to find, have a huge parking lot and are open every day of the week.Cons:1. Their customer service can be the worse ever if you don't know who to talk to. I've been there so often, if I can't find something, I know which rep to find to help me. Very valuble info. These turnaround service reps are hit or miss. Many of them are clueless, but a few of them know the store like the back of their hands. It seems the store filters in new employees in and out almost every 2 months. 2. Dirty, filthy store. I'm not sure who cleans it, but I have only gone into the store maybe twice where the floor was actually clean and sparkling. Other times the place is a mess. Many shelves with either no products on them or products scattered all out of order. Prices labels on shelves not matching products above the labels. Some products opened or have ripped boxes. 3. Long lines. If you go on Friday or during the holidays, be prepared to wait in long lines sometimes. What pisses me off is they will have 2-3 cashiers with about 20 people standing in line waiting. They can't open 2 more registers? You'll see the manager/supervisor just pacing behind the cashiers doing absolutely nothing. 4. Checking your receipts when you leave. I know they do this to try and catch theives who will come into stores with Fry's bags, buy one item and then try to steal a few other small items and sneak by the people checking your receipt. I've seen this happen a couple times. For me, it's just a time waister. Best Buy and Walmart doesn't do this, so why should Fry's? 5. Return policies. They always want you to have your receipt, but why do they open SEALED items when you bring it back with a receipt? They really think people have a plastic packaging system in their homes? I brought back a Blu-Ray movie that was never even opened. Told the guy it was brand new, never opened and he opened it anyways to verify the disk was in it. I brought another one back that was actually missing a disk when I opened it. The guy wondered how that happened. So I told him. Fry's does have a plastic packaging machine in the back. One of their employees opened the Blu-Ray, took out one of the disk and resealed it. Threw it back on the shelf. This guy probably didn't believe me, but he still refunded my money.  Fry's is a decent store to find some good deals. Better then Best Buy overall. Especially for HDTV, speakers and other big products like that. Best Buy overcharges you for everything. Their customer service is just as bad some times. 3 stars - P.O.M. (2/14/2014)
1	Liars and thieves.  Fry's re-sells returned items.   I cant believe they still do this after 10+ years! They did it when i was an employee there many years ago.  They sell them for the same price, because supposedly they are tested.  Well I gave them the benefit of the doubt once more, because I needed memory and no other store sells it.  So I made the mistake of buying it here, which when i saw it was used I inquired.  They said i"we test all memory."  Well, I figured memory is something so easily tested it would not be an issue.  Well it was of course not at all tested, as the memory clearly did not work.  Thank you amazon, I might have to wait for it, but at least I know it will work.
1	REALLY! Just don't expect any service if you are female. I cannot get waited on while they wait on any potential male customer who comes in after me. Yet there 3-4 boys standing around with nothing to do.  I was in the market for a liquid CPU cooler  ($100ish) and an SSD ($200-600) but they ignore me because I looked like I might be just lost in the wrong isle. Then when I get snippy enough to get some service the kid wants to go pee first ( seriously he said that!). Well, trust me, after waiting an hour to get service I had to pee too! So..kid goes to take care if business and I give up and go to check out with my small items and again there's a mile long line so I drop the stuff in the candy bin and walk out. I can get the little stuff at staples and the rest at newegg!
3	Went to this place for a certain Item I was told they sold. It took over 20 minutes to find a guy to help me. They all seemed to act busy but I always see them just standing around. once I found someone they passed me off to several different people who had no knowledge of what I was looking for or where it was. Finally I found someone who knew what he was talking about and knew where it was and it wasn't even his department.
5	I liked knowledgeable staff and selection. The store is always clean, and well Laid out.
2	I literally had three people walk past me, each saying "someone will be with you in a moment" before I even opened my mouth. LOL. Amazingly poor customer service. They're not rude, it's just that no one cares about their image or showing interest in your needs or problems. You really feel as if you're in a warehouse and not an electronic store. The only reason I continually go here is because of how cheap they're products are. I'm sure this is a top down issue I'm having stemming from money hungry executives who care more about the bottom line than people.
2	The ONLY reason to walk into this place is to shop around a bunch of different departments and/or for the departments they actually stock well.  On my last three visits here I've noticed stock levels in some areas getting worse and worse.  When you see row after row of empty pegs and shelves, you wonder, are they going out of business??And just TRY to get an employee to help you, much less one with any knowledge (they rarely even know if things are in stock).  This really is a self-serve kind of place and you need to know what you are looking for to start with.And the prices of course are pretty high on most things.  They price match some online places, so be prepared for that.Overall I avoid it unless I really need something right now, and it's Sunday.  But it may not actually be in stock anyway.
1	On April 27, 2011,  we bought a 60 Inch television along with accessories ($1799.00 for tv. $3073.59 for the entire purchase) from Frys Electronics.  We also purchased a 3 year in home service contract.  On the evening of April 29, 2014, (just 2 days after the expiration of the service contract) we noticed a thin green line going down the television set.  I called the local number and was told there was nothing they could do, I indicated that having this happen just two days out of warranty and them not honoring it is just wrong.  She transferred me to the service department who also told me there was nothing they could do.I asked to speak to someone above him and he put me through to the service manager, Steve.  Steve again said there was nothing they could do, I asked who I could speak to above him and he said no one.  So I asked for the phone number for the corporate office.I called the corporate office and the phone call was weird, it was as if they didn't want to talk to me, she kept talking over me and wasn't really listening.  She indicated she would call the store manager because the corporate office doesn't make decisions (what?, I've never heard of that).  What is the corporate office for?  I waited one day for the store manager and never heard back.  I then called the store and asked for the manager, they could not find him so transferred me to his voice mail and it went to dead air.  This happened two more times.   The next day I called back two times and the same thing happened.  At least show your customers the respect to answer their questions.  I will never shop here again!!! In addition my father in law was ready to make a major purchase, he also will not be going there.
2	Always had some body try to sell me something. When ever I wqlk around to fine what I need never.to help me just try to sell me stuff
1	I WOULD NOT SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED $$$ HERE.  I Spent Over $1300 Dollars for a D5300 Nikon DSLR on an Open Box Buy 46 DAYS ago today.  I also  purchased the PROTECTION PLAN to cover / replace the Camera for ANY Mishaps .  I was told my camera would be replaced or I would receive a loaner if it was broken or had a defect from being a floor model.   45 Days after I bought it I noticed the lens won't seat correctly.  I called their service dept, they gave me the run around immediately suggesting I caused the "damage".  I drove an hour to talk to the manager...Good luck.  They gave me Thomas,  Thomas Strickland was the "ACTING manager" that day and he was about as arrogant as they come.  When I told him I had just purchased it as an Open Box Buy, could we please at least exchange the lens...( At this point we notice most of two of the 3 locking tabs on the lens were cracked. )  He said his return policy was 30 days and they don't just change it because it was an open box.  Mr Strickland began STICKING HIS FINGER INSIDE the NIKON Body and began wiping the mirror with his finger.   When I asked him not to touch the mirror with his bare finger he whipped ..."IM TRAINED IN ELECTRONICS REPAIR" I guess I missed index finger day in camera  class.   He explained that CAMERA AND LENS would have to be checked in and reviewed by a manager, that takes 24 hours.   THEN  IF the manager agrees it was not intended damage they will fix it. Possibly at a cost to me.   And ONLY then would I get a loaner.  That is NOT what was explained to me when I made the purchase!     I WENT AND FOUND THE SALES PERSON IN CAMERA that told me Id get a replacement camera if mine was inoperable and that I had a full replacement warranty.  That sales person went to the manager and explained HIS mistake.  Guess what the result of that was.  Absolutely NOTHING the Sales person explained the mistake....His fault..( Theres one good soul ) to the manager.  They said they would send out the lens under the standard warranty, it would be 6 to 8 weeks for the repair and I would have to pay any costs involved.  There was one guy in service, Ed.  You could tell he felt bad for the way I was being taken care of.  I left 2 polite messages for the two main store managers without response.  ( They secretly gave me their cards after witnessing Tomas and his attitude.   I asked for a full refund and they refused, at the register once I was told that didn't matter what the sales person ( in front them right there!!!)  had said to me.  .  I have never had such BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE, and its a shame, from the very beginning I knew I should be spending that kind of money at a place that DOES NOT CARE FOR THE CUSTOMER OR THE PRODUCT THEY SOLD ME.  I WONT BE GOING BACK
1	This place has the absolute worst customer service I have ever experianced... no one seems to be able to answer a question without some condition.. checking out 1 out of 35 cashier and literally 20 ppl in line and employees behind registers leaning on counters.. 20 minutes in line ... To talk to and associates it does not even smile or even give you eye contact
2	Update May 13th 2014As you can see I  had previously posted on 5/10/14.  Later that day, after I had posted to Yelp,  I walked into Frys Electronics...Now my Fourth visit,  to pick up my still broken Camera lens in lieu of it being sent out for 6-8 weeks.  The Actual Store Manager was at a Greeting Post, I introduced myself briefly and chatted for a bit.  After a minute I kindly handed him the Yelp Post...  The manager apologized for the inconvienence and offered to do whatever he could to change my mind.  He was genuine and I felt a bit Melancholy about the situation.  At this point I felt I had already gotten a glimpse into the politics of their operation, and tolerated enough ridiculousness, and quite gladly accepted my hard earned money back to consider spending elsewhere.  Thank you so much, to the Actual Manager at Fry's Electronics,  I do appreciate your understanding sir.
1	Pushy salesmen ate totally clues of any product or even what they carry.  Prices are just plain retail.  Not consumer friendly or helpful
1	Bought many items at Fry's electronics but never ever again.  Worst experience ever regarding service and repair.... Computer was purchased not quite two years ago with warranty on it. Needed service as hard drive supposedly crashed...Well after 3weeks of supposed service and transfer my computer was trash.. Windows 7 was corrupt, only a portion of files transferred, and the programs that were on the computer when I purchased it, which is why  I purchased that one, are no longer on it.  so in addition to paying the 70.00 transfer service, I had to pay another 200.00 to repair the registry damage when it was I there shop, plus I will have to pay additional for MS Office.no response from store management regarding this issue either- almost 5days later.the prices are not that hot anymore, they have no customer service in the computer section, and I can get a better shopping experience at other office supply stores.SO THE UPDATE ON THIS REVIEW - they need to hire competent people in computer service/repairs.  The computer would not start up again today, after many tries - 3hrs worth of tries- so had to go shopping for new computer.  NOT AT FRY'S - another computer store told us the same thing - IT WAS THE MOTHERBOARD - but not being computer techs we believed FRY'S when they said the issue was the hard drive and it was fixed...They got their diagnostic fee and that is it.  If they had done the job right the first time I would not be writing this review of the incompetence of the personnel that work there as well as the lack of communication from the store management despite phone call, email and this review.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR COMPUTER THERE FOR SERVICE AS THEY ARE INCOMPETENT.So I am now out money I do not have to purchase another computer, and I will not step foot inside there store either.  I will purchase online or in another electronic store or one that carries the electronics that I need.hey store management, where is your customer service cause it sure was not here.
4	So much better than Best Buy.After a terrible experience at the above mentioned store, it was a breath of fresh air to step into Fry's and find exactly what we needed. We were immediately greeted, and asked if we needed help finding anything. I would have given 5 stars, but the prices are a little higher than what you could find on Amazon. I guess it must be the luxury of getting the item right then and there.I will be returning for all of my electronic needs!
4	I didn't expect this place to be that good in terms of the products they offer.I got here early in the morning the check out if they sell headphones, I wanna bought one because the one I got at home was very old. So I need a replacement because its really that old. They had a lot of selections of nice looking headphones here. The good thing about this place was, their staff. You can easily get assistance on the person in their store. That's a good thing if you don't know where's those places that you need to go.I bought a fine looking headset and it has very good sound when we tested it. It's inside the budget I've been having, so that was really sweet so I bought it.I'm a very satisfied customer of Fry's Electronics. Would really love to come back again.
4	Nice store good location.I wish someone approach me and asked me what I was looking for I have to browse through every single aisle to find what I was looking for.Other than that it's a normal Fry's store.
3	Frys is Frys - love the prices.  Whenever were in an area that has a Frys Electronic that we haven't been to, we ALWAYS stop. The only changing thing about them is the theme.  Phoenix has an Aztec theme.  :)I love Frys but I gave this store 3 stars because 4 networking sales reps (including a mgr) had no idea where to find punch down tools!! How do you knot know where punch down tools are in your dept?Other than that they're great! Prices are low, n they have great sales on blu ray! Despicable me 2 on blu ray is only $12!!
1	Bought 2 motherboards this morning, ram & a core processor Both mobos were bad! Their own techs could not get them to work!!! I Didn't even leave the store! Took 2 + hours and left feeling very Bad for the next guy cuz I saw them return the items to the floor for sale... After they had tested them and failed them!!!
5	A real consumer electronics store in the every sense of the word. The other day I went to Best Buy to look at some desktop motherboards and memory, and to my dismayBestBuy had such a limited collection of these items that it felt Best Buy would be better off not stocking these items at all , and devote that space to Samsung or Apple products.Frys on the other hand has everything that Bestbuy carries and more - Mobos', GPUs, CPUs, etc and a ton of other stuff. The only downside at Frys, as other reviewers have mentioned, is the apathetic customer service. If they improve customer service, I don't see any reason why Frys cannot become a world class electronic store
1	The one at 59 southwest This place suck. Everything expensive. Most items not on the system correctly, during check out they have to look all over the place. Also No display lcd price at the check out, so they only tell you how much it cost and you have to check your receipt again. Return are limited days and bad thing of all low experiences. Bad place to go for electronics.
5	Anything and everything that you may need in electronics. Enjoyed coming to this store. We need one in El Paso, TX!
1	You can't reach a human being on the phone.  caused me to call and shop at target instead.
1	Came here looking for a tablet. JUST wanted to look around and see what was available. Even if I did find what I was looking for, there would have been ABSOLUTELY NO WAY I would have purchased it here. I was approached and asked if I needed any help/assistance 5 times in less than 7 minutes.  Three of those times were by the same women. Seriously?!?! You people are worse than a used car lot. By the 3rd time being approached, I just wanted to get the hell out of there. I had no interest in looking or being there in general. Its one thing to be approached once or twice, but FIVE times in less than 7 minutes is down right ridiculous!While I was there, I did have to use the women's restroom and WOW!!!!! Ive been to run down nasty gas stations with cleaner bathrooms than this place. I honestly couldnt believe how dirty it was. Obviously the only people that actually work there are the absolutely annoying tablet sales people!
3	Fry's Electronics is your one stop shop for your electronics. I personaly like the dvd, cds, and computer game collections. In my experience with buying computers from there they are very reliable.
1	Very disappointed in the customer service I received tonight! Went in to purchase a computer monitor. The two choices we liked were both sold out. Finally decided on another that was in stock. Get up to the register to check out and was told they couldn't sell me the monitor because it's a Black Friday item. They refused to sell it to me! Really? Then why is your staff promoting the item and why is it displayed on the floor? They should have honored my purchase and because they didn't I will not be shopping here again!!!
1	Luis A Grattan, slick with his hands. Went for a purchase at register 30 today and my card disappeared into his back pocket for a few seconds. There are card scanners that can fit in back pockets. I've shopped here since 1998, and I hope this is the first, and last, problem I have here.
1	Went in to buy a keyboard.  When I checked out I said I would like to price match the item.  The cashier confirmed the price on Amazon, then told me I would have to also pay the $8 Amazon would have charged me for shipping.  I told him that was ridiculous and I would just buy it on Amazon. I thanked him and walked away.  I then heard the guy say in a sarcastic tone, "Have a nice day." Fry's, you just lost a long term customer!  My friend told me the next day that I should have said I have Prime.
3	I've been shopping at this Fry's location since they first opened about 10 years ago. Good deals, good return policy, and internet price matching make this my go-to place when it comes to electronics. They have a great selection of electronic components and consumer goods and a pretty decent BluRay/DVD/CD section (at a time when most brick and mortar retailers have surrendered to Amazon).TIP: Take advantage of their internet price matching, but know the details. Whenever I buy any big ticket items, I always search for the same item on my phone. More often than not, I can find it somewhere cheaper - sometimes considerably cheaper. If you do this, you'll have to track down one of the Fry's employees who will try to verify your find. This can take a long time. A very long time. They only match major online retailers - so even though it's on Amazon, if it's sold by one of Amazon's resellers, then it doesn't count. If you can find it from another store (like Walmart) , then they will check to see if the local store has it in stock. Otherwise, they will charge you for the shipping. Yes, it can be a pain, but if it can save you a bunch of cash, it's worth it - and it's better than waiting a week for Amazon to ship it to you.The only real downside of shopping at Fry's is the almost universal apathy of their sales associates. Wow. Thee simply don't care. At all. I've been in situations where there are two or three associates talking to each other, almost actively trying to avoid having to deal with people. Also, unless you happen to get one of their experts, they are not the most knowledgable when it comes to electronics. But that's okay - that's what your smartphone is for!They also have a pretty easy return policy. Oh and the store theme is...interesting.Last tip - the cafe in the middle is not a half bad place to grab a sandwich while you're shopping!
1	i went into the local frys at 28th ave and Thunderbird tonight to buy a camcorder, a car stereo, amplifier, speakers and sub-woofer. wandered around electronics for 20 minutes without anyone offering to help me. the place was not busy. only 2 other people in the area, and they were not being helped either. had 3 different employees walk by my. 2 looked me right in the eyes and kept walking. one just walked by. some guy was at a computer the whole time. never even looked at me. finally, i approached the guy at the computer and asked if he could sell me a camera. he asked which one. i showed him. he didn't ask if i had any questions. he said he needed to get keys to grab it, and then disappeared. after waiting another 22 minutes for him to come back, i went to talk to a manger. keep in mind, the place is not busy. i waited for the manager a few minutes. even though i was a bit upset, when it was my turn, i spoke upbeat and with a smile. the smile was NOT returned. after i told her what was going on, she seemed irritated. she called the department and kept trying to get someone to tell her what was going on. after about 8 minutes, i told her we could have walked over there 4 times. she said she couldn't leave the area. another 4 or 5 minutes goes by, and she says we can now go over there. we get there, and now its busy. so it takes more time to get some help... just a few minutes this time. the head manager still didn't seem anything other than inconvenienced.  the area manger asked me what i needed, i said the other guy already went to get it.  apparently after he took 25 minutes to get the camera, he didn't see me and promptly returned the camera. JEEEZ!!!!. so, he had to go get it again. at this point, i was ready to walk out. but, didn't want to start all over at another store. so i bought the camera and a bag and memory card and left after 1 hour and 15 minutes. i knew what i wanted when i went in the store and it took me an hour and 15 minutes to get out of there with only 1/5th of the items i wanted. i will never ever step foot in that store again, unless someone lets me know the manager has been fired. wasn't the bonehead at the computers fault. it was clear this is the way the manager runs the store. i own my own business. when i want something , i buy it. i have an american express with no limits and could have bought just about anything in there i wanted. i use to really enjoy frys and have spent a lot of money there over the years. not after tonight. this was toooo bad to not say anything and come back again. i am not trying to get free stuff. i hope someone up higher gets this to know there is a reason that store isn't as busy as it use to be. someone needs to know how the store is managed.
1	Don't come here. The "service" sucks. I've been to so many different Fry's locations between here, California, and Washington and this one by far has the worst customer service. It's ok for the things you don't need help with, but if you need help with something like a TV, unless you're looking at the most expensive TV in the store, no one will approach you and the sales people just stand around their counter talking to each other. This has happened to my husband and I a few times now, and we will definitely not be going back. The only reason we have gone here is because its closer, but honestly I would rather drive all the way to Tempe to go to that one and get better service.Also, if a sales persons sees something in your cart without a ticket on it with someone's claim to your sale, they will try to convince you to let them write up a ticket for it even if they didn't help you so they can get the commission. Ridiculous.
