5	Frick'n Chicken is "Frick'n Awesome".The chicken strips are juicy and flavorful.The breadsticks were incredible.Wow - you gotta check out Frick-n Chicken
5	hmmm...  the best wings in charlotte, for sure!!  New flavors are in...  the lemon pepper and garlic parm are my new faves! my mom loves this place, too...  she thinks the owners (my friends samar and chris) are the best!Frick'n Chicken rocks!!  We'll be back for more!
4	I am always suspicious of new restaurants with perfect reviews from new yelpers, but I I still had to check out this new wing place. Even though I was jaded before I set foot in the place I was pleasantly surprised. They have a good selection of sauces and the wings were a good size. I did ask how hot the hot was and was encouraged to step down to medium which I found to be more mild, but I don't blame them I should have stepped up. Overall I thought the wings were good and would go back.
3	Frick'n Chicken is tucked in a strip mall right next to The Fresh Market.  If you aren't paying attention you might miss it.  The staff was very friendly even though they are working off the rough edges after just opening.  They serve both wings and chicken strips.  I had the 10 wing combo which comes with 2 breadsticks and a drink. As in most wing places you can get either blue cheese or ranch with your wings they have a variety of sauces to choose from.  I ordered hot, but I also asked for a side of the frick'n hot sauce along with an order of fries.  My food came out quickly and was piping hot.  The amount of fries was enormous.  They are more than enough for two people to share.   The wings were cooked crispy and coated well with sauce.  But I thought they were a little on the small side in my opinion.   The hot sauce had a nice kick.  The frick'n hot sauce also had a nice bite, but as with many sauces that are amped up the flavor suffers when they pile more spices in to increase the heat.   Breadsticks?  With wings?  Never heard of it before but the breadsticks were awesome.  Hot and slathered with butter.  If the wings were a little meatier I would make Frick'n Chicken a regular stop.  But, I am going to head back there to try the chicken strips.  If I could give half stars Frick'n Chicken would get 3  1/2 from me.
3	This place is easy to miss as it's nestled in a corner in a strip mall between Fresh Market and a gym. This spot used to be occupied by a Wing Stop which I liked so when I saw there was a new wing place I was excited to try it. The interior is rather small but the new ownership has definitely upgraded the amenities. The TV's are much nicer than the previous versions that looked like they were from the mid-1990's. It's also better lit inside and feels a bit more spacious. I ordered a wing combo which came with wings, breadsticks and a drink. I went with the hot wings and was quite happy to find that the sauce tasted exactly like Wing Stop's. The breadsticks were filling... I would compare them to Papa John's only fresher. My friend got teriyaki chicken strips and a side of fries. The strips were smallish but good. The teriyaki was on the sweet side and it didn't really have the tangy taste I look for. I would compare the fries to Five Guys only not as greasy and flavorful. All said, I will definitely go back as I'd like to see this place succeed. I'd give 3.5 stars if I could but I just can't go as far as 4 stars.
3	I'll have 10 wings and ....Bread Sticks... (What the ....)OK so my nearest Buffalo's Southwest Cafe closed down last week which offered a good selection of 49 Cent wings on Tuesdays..... so I decided to give these guys a try tonight, after-all it is new business, so why not just see what this place is about. Upon entering this very small business, we were greeted by a nice gentleman who asked if we were in for the first time, we stated yes, and he explained the menu choices......OK they serve chicken, chicken, and chicken. To be more specific they serve chicken. We chose the chicken.I noticed the seating area contained two TV's not an extensive selection of sports to choose from as they advertised, but at least two and a half men was on so I felt I was "WINNING".The tea dispenser was unusual, as it contained sweet and un-sweet tea.  You push a button to select your choice, however the teas tasted of an instant type of concentrated tea, which was not  good at all.  Off to the nice Coca-Cola fountain drink machine located beside it.  The ice was cold, fresh and when added to the Coca-Cola it was very refreshing.The meals we chose were: Chicken Tenders, and the Chicken Wings ( I have added a picture of both meals) I was unfamiliar with Garlic bread sticks with the chicken wings, but they were hot, fresh, and drenched in butter.  They were good, but again, with chicken wings? It would be nice if they had a wider menu selection, beside chicken, however it is nothin' but FRICK"N Chicken.I wish these folks well in the chicken business, but because of the limited menu items, and the oddity of the bread-sticks, the prices are too high to maintain a viable business........prove me wrong, but I assure you, this place will be gone by December 2011. NCFoodGuy
5	Great wings, I heard about this place from a friend and she is a picky eater so I knew when she said it was good I had to try it. There wings were so good I was licking my fingers tryin to eat all the sauce.  They are not small wings medium size and they serve them with breadsticks I thought it was weird  but the breadsticks were amazing dip them in your wing sauce its enough to make ya smack ya mama lol  The staff is so friendly , spread the word and I  say grab some breadsticks if your having pizza or spagetti at home.
4	I love this place! Their menu IS limited to breaded/sauced chicken strips and wings, yes, but if you like either and really good buffalo sauce, this is your place. The buffalo sauce (available in mild, medium, hot and frick'n hot) is really tasty, and I'm kinda critical about buffalo sauce. If you like spicy but not quite eye-wateringly spicy, I would suggest the medium.They offer BBQ and garlic Parmesan sauces too if you're not feeling buffalo-y this time around. I believe there may be one or two more non-buffalo sauces as well but I can't remember what they were.Some places do the crispy, fried up kind of wings and some places let the wings remain in their normal, juicy state. Their wings are of the the latter variety, which I prefer intensely. They're also generously sauced, which I also prefer intensely. The strips are breaded, very, very juicy and also generously sauced.I have a hard time choosing between the two whenever I go and normally, I'm not a chicken strips type of person. I'll always definitely go for the wings most anywhere else.Aside from breaded/sauced strips and wings, they also offer chicken strips tacos and a buffalo chicken salad.Yes, I thought the garlic breadsticks being a side item in their meals really odd at first too but their breadsticks are also very good, so.. who cares, right? They also offer fries, potato salad, garden salad, macaroni salad, coleslaw and sticky rice as separate side items. Their side items are large and basically family size (I went with one other person the last time around who ordered a side of fries and we barely ate 1/3 of the plate together). They may allow you to substitute a smaller portion of one of those for the breadsticks in their meal deals but I'm not sure. I've never asked, so don't hold me to it. Worth asking though if you really don't want breadsticks. They seem to be very nice, accommodating and eager to please.The restaurant is sort of small but it seems most people take their orders to go anyway so there's usually not a problem getting seating. It's wedged and recessed into the corner of Fresh Market, and I do mean wedged. You're probably not going to notice their sign from the road or even after you pull into the shopping center. Just head toward Fresh Market when parking.Definitely give them a try if you're a wings fan!
5	If you are looking for some great wings, great atmosphere, and AMAZING service, then this is as good as it gets. The bread is delicious, and as the staff will tell you everything is made to order. Not a huge list of flavors, but try the lemon pepper by far! If you are in the area, definitely give it a try.
4	I'm finding myself eating wings a lot more since I came down south, and I can say that Flip'n Chicken does it well! Forget Bojangles when it comes to wings. First off, the people who work there are very welcoming. Call me corny, but I like it when someone asks, "Have you eaten here before?"Now onto the wings...there's plenty of flavors and the chicken is cooked just right. With your wings you'll get plenty of breadsticks...and I mean plenty. Personally I found that part to be a bit much. If you're going to eat here, you'll enjoy the food. Just make sure to leave your diet at the door.
4	I visited yesterday 11/15/2011 and ordered the 10 wing combo with ranch dressing. I mixed the flavors so I had 5 hot and 5 lemon peppers with a side of extra hot. The wings were among the best I have had in the Charlotte area and I consider myself a wing connoisseur. I think I've eaten wings at just about every wing place in Charlotte lol.  I especially enjoyed the lemon pepper wings and the extra hot sauce.They also carry draft beer at a very reasonable price. I would have given it 5 stars but I did not like the idea of eating breadsticks with wings and being charged a dollar more for french fries.
3	I loved this place as Wingstop and used to go there quite often.  Once it closed I was just waiting for someone to open it back up as their own little Wing "shop."  I think the wings and strips are tasty and very similar to what Wingstop offers, particularly the garlic parm wings which were very good.  I'd have rated the joint higher if 1) they would improve their ranch and bleu cheese recipes.  If you're only going to serve Flip 'n Chicken, have some Flip 'n decent (ok, good) dressings.  2) The breadsticks are not something (IMHO opinion) are looking for at a wing place and they weren't all that great.  Keep the breadsticks and just charge me less.  To the owners: If your business is struggling and you thought it was the name, that's not the problem.  (The place was called Frick 'n Chicken which they changed to Flip 'n Chicken presumably because they thought the name was holding them back somehow?)  You're off to an ok start but improving the dressings would help me get back there more often.  Just some constructive criticism.
5	I Ordered 50 of the hottest chicken wings and breadsticks. The wings were excellent, some of the best wings I've ever had, and that's saying something with the amount I eat. It was fairly cheap and very hot. The chicken was excellent. But the the bread sticks were pretty bad. Overall one of the best wing places anywhere!
5	These wings and strips are great! It indulges your senses in so many ways.. Buttery garlicky bread sticks, tender and spicy wings, cool home made blue cheese dressing. A great place to enjoy buffalo wings the way they should taste.
5	Good solid wings every time! Love the bread sticks. Perfect place to grab quick food at a good price.
5	We were debating on trying this place or the thai place next door & then a co-worker of my husband's came out of flip'n chicken, so we decided to try it.  I'm a wimp, so we ordered the mild chicken wings & breadsticks. We shared 25 wings & wanted to try the breadsticks, but thought 12 breadsticks were overkill.  The nice man at the counter said we can substitute 6 of the breadsticks for french fries so we took him up on that offer.  First, the breadsticks arrived & I had to say they put Olive Garden's breadsticks to shame.  These were by far the best breadsticks I've ever had!  Then the wings arrived & I was a little nervous because I could smell the tabasco & the wings looked like they were covered in it, but suprisingly it was quite mild. The wings & french fries were very tasty, the breadsticks were awesome as was the customer service!
3	Heard rave reviews on Creative Loafing, so I went there two days ago.  Ordered 10 BBQ wings and four breadsticks.   Loved the breadsticks, the wings were decent, but I have had better in Charlotte.
2	I had high hopes for this place but it was just ok...I enjoyed the garlic bread and veggies with ranch dressing but the chicken wings were not my favorite. I opted for the mild wings...I didn't really care for the sauce...it was a little plain and bland but that's just my personal opinion. Maybe next time I will try another flavor or a different option perhaps the chicken strips? But still not my favorite wing place.
5	I have visited this place often for lunch when I worked over in the Ballantyne area.  Typically order a 10-piece wing, with garlic bread sticks and drink.  Sometime I will additionally order chicken strips, chicken tacos, or fries.  They make them to order, so there is a wait generally 10-20 minutes (depending how busy they are).  The hot sauce has a Texas Pete taste to it, which gives it a nice zing flavor.  The Flipin' hot burns in and out, so watch out!  The fries are typically crispy, though once they were soggy and stuck together.  The owners are friendly and the atmosphere is... well... a hole in the wall, but they do have good wings.
3	What started as a real Buffalo NY Wing experience has turned into mediocrity in less than a month. Little sauce. Few very tiny wings.  Not sure how to rate them. Depends who is working there I guess.
5	Great wings
4	We went here about 2 weeks ago.  We live close to here and have been told to go here, but just have never taken the chance to go.  I am glad we did and will go back!When we arrived, there were no others in the restaurant, the person that was at the front welcomed us and asked if we had been there before.  She explained the menu to us and was very helpful to us.  Kevin got two different kinds of wings - Parmesean and Buffalo wings.  Both were very good, not the best wings we have had, but still 4 star wings!  His wings came with garlic bread, and those are aweome.  I wish they would make them into bread sticks or thinner style bread, but they have great flavor!I got the buffalo chicken wrap.  I love how it was only lightly breaded.  The wrap was awesome and their flavor of the sauce is great!!  I loved it, and their fries taste like fresh cut fries.  So good!My only complaint was that it was a little slow as they were not busy, but when everything is made to order, that is what happens, so it was worth it in the end for great food!
5	Delicious....I got the 5 piece chicken strip combo with medium BBQ...it was awesome...the chicken was really good and I liked that the ratio of breading to meat was lower....they dont skimp on the meat by any means...word of advice, you will need a lot of napkins!
5	Loved this place and Im def coming back. Best wings good prices and great staff.
4	Wanted to try a new wing place, saw this online and decided to check out. We ordered wings, salad and fries. Salad was a decent size and had a lot of veggies. The fries were fresh cut and super tasty.. the wings were nice and crispy, not greasy and they had a lot of sauce options. We ordered the extra hot and it had a good kick (we like it spicy and most hot isnt hot to us) and the BBQ... was good, decent prices and quick service, nice outdoor patio to chill on. Would go back or order out for sure.
2	My husband and I recently moved to the area and have been hearing great things about this place.  We were super excited to check it out.  Well, I don't think we will be going back.  It wasn't very good.  We got a bunch of the different flavored strips to try.  Maybe their wings are better. I sure wasn't impressed with the chicken strips.  And they say that it is served with veggies.....we received 3 tiny strips of celery with 16 strips of chicken.
3	Hmmm. Wing stop was better I say. Had wings, as in real chicken wings - not bonesless or strips - those did look good
4	My daughter LOVES this place, and I like it a lot!We usually get their strip meal - nice strips of chicken, garlic bread sticks and some carrot/celery sticks with dressing/dip.  I get the HOT sauce and I sometimes mix it up - you can mix and match sauces to layer on more flavor!This is NOT classic buffalo wings - but if you like fresh chicken, veggies and fresh made garlic breadsticks - this IS the place for you!Annie recommends it highly and so do I!
5	I have to say I am in love with this place! This has turned into a weekend lunch spot for us!  I tried the buffalo chicken tacos, not a fan of the taco shells, so with my visit yesterday, I went back to the buffalo chicken wrap.  We both really love this wrap.  Kevin usually gets his medium while I get mine hot.  Just love the flavor!  We also love their fries and their garlic bread - nice warm and garlicy! The wait time has not changed, it still takes a little bit to fix each of your orders, but it is worth it to me since the food is good, and we have also gotten used to it.We will be back soon! Yum!
5	Best chicken wings and strips in Charlotte. Friendly management, good food, highly recommended.
5	Wings are the thing here!!  Yes, they also sell strips which are always tender and fresh. We get them occasionally.  Or a mix of the wings and strips.  But the wings are our favorites.  We order them extra crispy and prefer the hot, garlic parmesan sauces.  Flip'n hot is also good but a bit too much heat for the others in my family.  We like pretty much all the flavors but tend to stay with hot and garlic parm, and occasionally honey barbecue as well.  Fries are top notch and there are always plenty!!  Their bread is made fresh daily and you can tell.  Soft, buttery and a hint of garlic.  It's the perfect complement to the wings!!  They always greet us with a smile and make sure we have everything we need whether we are dining in or taking home.
1	I've tried Flip'n Chicken 3 times at this point and if you like incorrect orders & lack luster service this is the place for you.
5	Best wings in Charlotte.  I like a blend of barbecue & buffalo (sort of like Goldrush sauce at Tavern on the Tracks) and they totally delivered.  Everything was tasty.  For 7.99 you get 5 wings, bread, carrots & celery & either ranch or blue cheese.  You can not beat this place!  Love it.
5	Fast , friendly service! First visit so I just wanted a sample. Very accommodating. Got the kid's meal with 3 wings, bread sticks, soft drink , veggies and Ranch.Ordered the hottest wings they offer, but to me they were not very hot, but they can make them hotter and mix up the sauces to your taste. Very nice! Wings were cooked perfectly and very tasty. The bread sticks? Just WOW. More like pretzels with buttery, garlicky, salty chunks.  Strange pairing with wings, but oh so good. And all for only 3.99! Definitely take your kids there. Good price. I wish the home made Ranch was a bit thicker, but tasted okay. Give this place a try. I was happy with the food.
5	HANDS DOWN.... Best Wings around! My husband and I have been regulars since their opening when they were originally titled "Frick'n Chicken".. We love being able to call ahead and the front server Andrew remembers what we want and has great suggestions when we feel like changing it up! The wings never disappoint, the salads are fresh and the BLUE CHEESE is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Who would have thought breadsticks would go with chicken wings? Certainly not me.. But turns out they are the perfect pairing for soaking up the left over sauce... I'm making myself hungry just describing this place.. CANT WAIT TO GET ME SOME FLIP'N CHICKEN!
5	Great place for good food. They are quick and the staff is super friendly and helpful.
5	Wings and sauces are amazing cooked the right way. The chicken fingers are very fresh and the fresh cut fries are great. Take it from a former buffalonian " Best Wings In Charlotte "
5	Flip'n Chicken is just one of those places that aims (and succeeds) at doing one thing and doing it well.  In their case, it is buffalo chicken strips/wings.  If you are having a craving for buffalo chicken, this is a great place to go.  The menu is fairly limited, but it is because of this focus.One unusual thing about Flip'n Chicken, as I believe other reviewers have commented, is that the standard side that comes with your strips/wings is a serving of garlic breadsticks.  It does seem odd at first, but their breadsticks are soft, freshly prepared, and work well with the chicken.The owners are extremely friendly and genuinely care that you are having a good meal.Even though they are in a relatively small strip retail space, there are a decent amount of tables inside, as well as several tables in a front patio area (a great place to go when the weather is nice).
5	Looking for the best wings in Charlotte? You have found them at Flip N Chicken. Cooked to perfection, the wings are not too big and not too small. The sauces from mild to flip n atomic are delicious. Served with fresh breadsticks, carrots, celery, and homemade blue cheese. All if this topped off with awesome customer service.
3	Based on reviews I was very eager to try this place.  It is about 45 minutes away from where I live but since I was on that side of town I figured I would give it a try.  I got the family pack, which included wings and bread sticks and I also ordered fries and chicken strips.  Those were the most bland chicken strips I have ever had and the wings were mediocre at best.  I would have given this place only 2 stars but the girl at the register was so nice and patient with me, since I had a hard time decided I gave them 3 stars.  The food was pitiful and a waste of money, but the service was great.  Not sure why the reviews state that these are the best wings, they really don't know what great, well even good wings taste like.  Not worth me making another trip.
5	Love this place. It has the best chicken strips in town. All their sauces are great but teriyaki is my favorite. We often get wings for take out for football games.The one drawback is they have awful tea. I am a big tea drinker and have to get water, then go to McDonalds for a tea to take back to work.But the food is worth it.
3	The food was awesome... the service was not so good. I know it was slow but overall it seemed like the staff did not care about what was going on.
5	Keeping it short and sweet because it is a Place to get wings. They are delicious. If you're in the mood for wings, highly recommend!! They have a variety of flavored wings & Beer on Tap. Definitely family friendly. A little on the pricy side for wings but definitely worth it!
5	Chicken strips cooked perfectly. Tangy BBQ sauce has a little kick, excellent. Breadsticks are good.
2	this place didn't impress me. I got the chicken w/ garlic sauce and it was just ok. Nothing special. the breadsticks were the best part.
5	YUM! I have high expectations for any restaurant that has a small menu, because I believe what is served should be delicious and of high quality. Flip'n Chicken did not disappoint! I got the regular strips meal and my husband got the regular wings meal, both with the mild buffalo sauce. Besides the wings being on the small side, the flavors were fantastic. The mild buffalo sauce was flavorful and balanced, the chicken was tender, and the house made breadsticks were out of this world. Oh, and the blue cheese dressing was some of the best I've had, especially combined with the buffalo sauce. On top of that, despite the small space being busy on a Saturday evening, the service was phenomenal. We will be back!
3	Ate lunch here today. I'd say it was mediocre. Ordered 5 strips meal. Strips were soggy but ok tasting. If the strip had been crispy, I'd have probably given 4 stars. Breadsticks were fluffy and warm but could've used more garlic and a dash of parmesan.
4	Delicious! Great service & great food. One of the best places in Charlotte for wings. The garlic Parmesan wings are my favorite!
