5	This place is Awesome!!!! Also convenient if your on west side ...   called at 730 they said they were open til 8 asked if I came in ten min if they could repair my iPhone screen he said no problem took only 15 mins I highly recommend this place
1	These people fixed my phone a week ago it falls once and it gets a huge crack on the screen. I go to see what they would do for me seeing as the screen and lcd is not worth the $150 they charged me and all they say is "you have to pay another $150" never again am I going to these people they rip you off and the screen had a dent on it when I go home and see that it really was not worth it. They suck and I would not recommend them. If you have the money to spend then go there. they don't take long getting your phone ready but enjoy getting ripped off if you go.
5	It's really fun being in this shop where the people that helped me out to get my phone working again were really patient and catered to my needs exactly. They gave my a great price even though my phone needed more attention and extra parts that got ruined when I dropped it. They even reached out to me to give me update status on the phone and was able to finish it end of next day. Fast & honest service, every penny was worth it.
5	This place is like 12 miles from my house! But who cares they have the most excellent service, very affordable prices throughout the valley! I wouldnt hessitate to comeback whenever i need any repairs if i break my phone and ipad screen again. I would definetely recommend this place to all the people i know.  THANK YOU again!!!
5	Great service!! Came in to get my my iPhone   5 screen fix.. They told me to pick it up the next day and tadaaa it was right there waiting for me to pick up!! They are very professional and welcoming too!! Will definitely come back if needed!!
5	I was really stoked to have found this cellphone store not only they offer customize phone cases they also hands down provide the best costumer service! Excellent place to get any of your electronic devices fixed! Amazing and talented, very reliable and efficient. Highly recommended!
4	Had my girlfriends iphone 5 screen replaced today which was on Jan 1.  Was surprised to find a place open near my house on the 1st which worked out well.  The screen was replaced and worked great in about 20mins.  The price was a little higher than other stores but being the 1st of January and the fact that my girlfriend needed her phone right away, I was ok with paying a slightly higher price at $89 for the service.  Their service was great and I would recommend this store to anyone in need of phone repairsJB
