5	This is no ordinary bike shop...Typical mountain bikers aren't a picky lot when it comes to buying bike parts and where they get them but that all changes the second you step in the door at Ryan's place. It is a hole in the wall with only a few actual parts on the shelf but they make up for it with better than the best customer service and an attitude to match.I have been into some pretty horrible bike shops (Airpark Bike) before and this is truly a breath of fresh air. If you want a great CUSTOM bike at a great bargain then this is the place for you. If you like getting jerked around by those other guys (Airpark) then this is definitely not your cup of Joe...
5	The first time I went into Kore, they were still at the "old" location further South on Rural Road.  I always noticed the shop but figured it was definitely too much of a specialty shop for the type of riding I did.  Part and parcel of any type of specialty shop is usually ATTITUDE, especially if you are a novice.I didn't even own a single mountain bike when I went there, but Ryan (owner/proprietor) answered all my questions and made many suggestions as to the direction I might be able to go in terms of getting into the sport.  Quite honestly, I don't even think he tried to actually sell me anything that day.Well, it's years later and Kore is still my go-to shop.  As I have made the move from Fixed Gear to DH Mountain Biking, Kore has supplied everything I've needed along the way, not only regarding parts and equipment but service all the way around.  Ryan and Joe really focus not just on wrenching on your bike, but TEACHING you about it and showing you how you can do it yourself, even in the service area of the shop.What other bike shop gives you a one-on-one demo/workshop on repairs?I think Ryan put it best when he said in his shop review for a BMX magazine, "I don't have customers, I have friends."Go check out Kore Bike Industries!
5	This shop is a diamond in the rough....I am a novice biker at best, but coming in this store Ryan, and the rest of his staff helped me out made me feel super comfortable and made great suggestions for my bike....Their pricing beat the shit out of other stores in town, and my bike rides better then any of I have ridden before since I had him set it up....It's nice to be able to have such an honest hardworking individual running a small business as it doesn't seem to happen that often any more.I highly suggest checking him out if you thinking of buying any bike, as their prices are very good, and knowledge is even better....try them out you wont be dissapointed.It doesn't get better than this if you want to ride....
5	I've been coming into Ryan and his crew since I moved here from sf in 05 and they always treat me well and honor there work.they do alot of community work and charity runs,woudnt ever go anywhere else unless I get rich then id buy the place.
1	I really wanted to like this shop, it's so conveniently located close to my work.  The shop's premise - they don't carry any new bikes (and very few parts) they build up custom bikes.I'd been out of mountain biking for a few years and needed 2 things, a few repairs on my old bike and help building up a new, 29r.I wanted to fix my old bike first to get a feel for the shop and to build a relationship with them before spending the big bucks for the new Turner.  I knew they were going to have to order ALL of the parts to build my new bike and I wanted to have some idea of how well the process worked.I found out very quickly that Ryan, the owner doesn't like to work on bikes that he didn't build. I spent 5 weeks trying to get a part for my old bike with no luck.  I called when he told me to, and always got a different story, it was didn't get ordered, having trouble finding the part, it was in but they couldn't find it etc..Maybe you would get better service from them if you purchased your bike there, I'll never know.
5	Let me start off by saying that this wasn't the first bike store I had stopped at- I hit Tribe and Rage cycles first and was treated like 'if you can't afford at least a five hundred dollar bike, you may as well go to Tempe where you can buy a recycled one for 100$.' I stopped here and was greeted by the awesome team of guys they have, who answered all my concerns (I had no idea what kind of bike would be best), and showed me my best options for my money.I spent only 350$ and have never been happier- and I ride my bike 14 miles to work daily. I definitely plan on going back and just want everyone to know even though it's not the largest shop it has a very knowledgeable and considerate staff. Thank you guys!Also, there's a plethora of neat stuff to customize your bike with :)
5	Cool little shop in Tempe. Talked to Ryan about converting my SS back into a geared 29er... The price was more than fair and they assembled it and told me they will help maintain it since I bought my parts there... Build took a little longer than planned but they gave me a loaner so I wouldn't be a loner! Ryan is a great guy and I would recommend him and use him for future builds.  Thanks Ryan!
5	I was referred to KORE by some friends  and I was really impressed with how these guys were. I bought a new crank , forks and a new cruiser for my wife and I felt that I got the best price and assistance compared to other bike shops (here or in other states)
5	Kore is the best bike shop in the valley. Eric is always helpful and can always find a way to help me out. I get all my bikes worked on here no matter what discipline bmx, downhill, road bikes ect... Most bike shops treat you like they are better than you and are to busy to talk to you or help you out. Eric will take the time to talk to you about what your bike needs and he never tries to up sell me to more expensive parts or bikes. He never acts stuck up or like a bike snob. So if you want a shop that is down to earth and will get work done right and in a timely manner come to kore bikes! I will never use another bike shop they are the absolute best!!!! Go support and local hard worker
