2	We had Sprouts in California since I was in high school. It was a pretty big thing around the San Diego, Orange County, and Riverside areas. Just like the Sprouts they got over in California, the workers are really bitter and pissed off all the time. You constantly see workers fighting with each other and then while they are still angry they will take it out on the customers.Just like in  California, the butcher and deli jerk will pretend that they do not see you in a lame attempt to avoid work or  any verbal interaction.Unlike California, the bread selection sucks. The sourdough in the California locations was from a local bakery in SD. The sourdough here in the LV location tastes like wonder bread. Unlike California, there is no Spanish speaker to assist non-English speaking Latino customers. Last time I was here,  I saw Latino customers who couldn't get any help because they didn't have even one Spanish speaker working that day. Even Korean restaurants have Spanish speakers on staff. So, what is going on here?In California, Sprouts were always located in upper-middle class areas such as Rancho Cucamonga, Temecula, Carlsbad, and San Diego. This Sprouts shares the same shopping center as a Goodwill, winos, bums,  and an alley full of stray cats. Whenever I get out of my car there is always a f*cking cat there.+1 star for having the freshest produce in Las Vegas, and not being a douchebag hangout like Whole Foods.
5	Great prices for all in season produce, friendly staff, and amazing selection of organic products.
5	This place is sort of a cross between Trader Joes and Whole Foods. In other words, cool and interesting food with out the outrageous prices(Yes I am talking to you Whole Foods). They a great produce department. I am told they have a very good vitamin/herbal area (I don't fully understand the Hippie side of the store, although one must pass thru it in order to get to the booze.)Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I like this place, it is laid out well. I find it easy to get around and find whats in the list. Some prices are high but organic and specialty items usually are, in general most of the prices are affordable. We got the premade meatloaf and no one liked it at all. They carry Boarshead deli items. They have plenty of carts and even a few tables in front to eat if need be.Staff were nice. Lots of produce, and frozen foods. I prefer this place to whole foods which is obscenely expensive, not sure if I like it better than Trader Joes though. It sure beats big Mart stores their food makes us sick. Oh and there are a lot of seed and nut and grains choices you can get by the pound which I love because I am nothing like a costco customer, sometimes all you need is a little.  ;)
4	Used to be called the Sunflower Market. The prices can be a little deceptive, you can find actually similar items for the same price at Whole Foods. Check out my reviews for the other Sprouts market on Flamingo. It's pretty much the same.
2	I really like the Sprout's brand, having shopped there regularly when I lived in San Diego. Something is amiss with this particular store. I'm not sure it is the area or what, but this Sprouts does not live up to it's reputation in SoCal. The produce prices are the best in town, and double ad Wednesday is amazingly awesome. But that's there the awesomeness stops. The employees here are not friendly. They had Pink Moscato on sale and was excited to grab it for a great deal. I waited in line for a good 10 minutes without the line moving. There was some crazy homeless guy who cut in front of everyone, then didn't write down a number on his bag of bulk items. Having been aggravated by stupidity, I switched lines only to see this dumb little sign saying that it was a no alcohol line bc the cashier couldn't handle alcohol. I can understand if the cashier was under 21, sure. But this lady was middle aged. Look, if you can't handle alcohol in LAS VEGAS, then you shouldn't be a cashier...work in another part of the store! And if you sell alcohol, like Sprouts does, make sure your cashier's are qualified. I was so annoyed, I didn't buy anything. Which is sad bc I like Sprouts and their great produce, but this location is a trainwreck.
4	This was Sunflower.  Same location, and friendly staff.  Read the Sunflower reviews, as i do not see a way to link them, but new owners have modified the in-store selection a bit...This is a store with a good selection of organic vegetables and fruit, in my opinion this is good we now have a choice.  Check the Milk you might be surprised that organic has a much longer shelf life, and it tastes like the milk you grew up drinking.  I had not noticed my milk had gone downhill in taste, and my ability to keep it in the refrigerator was a battle I was losing. Sprouts thank you for bring organic milk, that I finish before the expiration date arrives.   JR
2	I miss Sunflower Market. Gone are the days where I would avoid going to Whole Foods because I could find a wide variety of health food for a fraction of the price. Now the stores tend to run the same.
4	You want to find the most choice of locally grown and organic produce and fruit, come here! I went crazy the other day and picked up 2 or more of each and every fruit and type of apple,oranges and pears they had! Yes I did. Tasted them all and will be back to pick up some more because they all of passed the texture and taste test! Prices were pretty reasonable too!  Noted alot of merchandise they carry is a mixture of the other upscale healthy grocery store as well. Some prices cheaper, some prices at the same level I pay. This place has the feel of Wild Oats from back in early 2000..(before WF entered the scene) Gotta face it that I have to pay the price to eat and manage a healthier lifestyle.They have a smaller selection of health & beauty products here. In my opinion more selection of paraben and sls free products at the other specialty store. About the same prices too. No long waits to get checked out, cashiers are friendly. Don't let the storefront or unkept surrounding area deter you from shopping here. The inside of this place is clean and employees are good about upkeep at produce and fruit departments.  Plus I like they knew where produce was from down to which farm it came from. Nice!
2	I started shopping at Sprouts when I was looking for a cheaper alternative to Whole Foods.  The Pros: They have killer specials on a lot of processed foods that are always pretty expensive at Whole Foods (Lara Bars, Late July, Emergen-C).  Overall the store is reasonably priced.  Shopping at Sprouts cut my usual grocery bill in half.  I just don't think it is worth it.The Cons:They promote local(ish) meats, meat raised in the US, as if this is something to set them apart from other groceries.  But they are vague about the origin of the meat.  The last time I purchased meat at Sprouts, I returned it only 2 days later (2 days before the sell by date) because both cuts were spoiled already.  Badly spoiled.  This is a deal breaker for me.  If I buy spoiled meat from your "butchered fresh daily" butcher, I can't go back.Their produce is supposed to be local, but much of it is the same that you will find in any grocery.  Their non-organic produce is very reasonably priced, and they have some good deals on the organic stuff too, but it is nothing special and certainly not worthy of the "farmer's market" spin that they put on it.They don't always have what you bought last week.  Their stock seems to shift, based on what they can get at a discount (to sell to you at a discount), but this is really inconvenient when you come to rely on certain grocery items weekly. (Edamame and other frozen veggies change regularly.  The other day I went and they were completely out of pretzels, completely). Bottom line, I don't like that Sprouts markets itself as a local farmer's market type store.  I have not found this to be true and it isn't up to snuff as far as quality grocers go.
5	This healthy market is in a dilapidated strip mall that is half empty, in a terrible area, and it is simply a gem!1. Daily Deli - They have a great deli to make sandwiches, soups and etc out of great ingredients.2.  The stuff - Besides you healthy fare of veggies, fruits, organic type stuff, they have a large selection of bulk grains and nuts. drinks, vitamins, waters, frozen foods, hard to find ingredients.3.  The staff - Always friendly, never too busy.4. The location - Southwest corner of Trop and Pecos. Where Wal-Mart and Sam's Club is.5.  The weird stuff - Every look for Braggs Amino Acid?  You have to go all over.  They have it here.This place is like Trader Joe's and Fresh n Easy, just bigger, more selections and not too packed. Not sure how they survive and make money, as it never seems busy, but check this place out.I give it a 5 star all around!
4	In my recent quest to get my pre Yelpers body back I have been spending a lot of time here!  I have been doing a meal replacement of juicing a great way to add so many nutrients to your diet and a great way to loose weight.  However by doing this you go through an enormous amount of fruits and veggies.  In this diet you go thru such a large amount of fruits and veggies you really have to follow the rule for the dirty dozen.  On this list is the foods you should buy organic in accordance of what they are spraying heavily that year.  I have come to rely on this store for my organic purchases.  Huge selection in that area and a nice selection and no overly priced for the other veggies I need.The employees start to recognize you after a while and are fast and efficient and very friendly.  I notice they are also always around the store stocking and cleaning.  I plan on continuing this lifestyle and this will be one of the stores I rely on!
5	I LOVE Sprouts. Great selection of Organics and vitamins without the crazy prices. I highly recommend!!!!
1	I haven't been here since it was called Sunflower Market, so I decided to see if something more came with this name change. More like something less....The store seems a bit bare in comparison to when it was Sunflower. They no longer offer vegan baked goods, which sucks. My mom liked the meat section for the decent prices for smaller portions of food before, but they no longer have.They are way overpriced in comparison to Whole Foods. Yes, Whole Foods, and they can be pretty pricey as we all know! Selection of vegetarian and vegan foods in the frozen food section is still on par, but as mentioned, way overpriced.To add insult to injury, there was this jackass of a stock person who cut me off twice while speeding through the produce section with his cart full of inventory and didn't apologize during either occasion! Poor customer acknowledgment and appreciation. At least the cashier was super friendly.Easy to say that I will never step foot in these stores again, especially this particular location.
4	I liked this location a little bit more when it was a Sunflower Market, but not much has changed. Sprouts is cheaper alternative to Whole Foods. It has a neighborhood feel to it and is not as sterile as the normal chain grocery stores. Going here is a bit of a hike for me, but I still find time to stop in when I am running around the Valley, as it is one of the better grocery stores aorund.
2	I had a much better experience when this place was Sunflower Market. Now that it's Sprouts, I feel completely unwelcome here. Not one person greets you. Not one. Not one person asks you if you need any help. Not one. And to top it off, today I got the worst attitude from two of their cashiers ( the short white middle-aged woman who appeared a bit rough around the edges and the young skinny black girl with short hair). First off, I wasn't even greeted when I came up to the register. I said 'hello, how are you?' to the cashier (the white lady) and she didn't even answer back, but seemed really annoyed. She didn't even look at me or make eye contact with me. Just started ringing and bagging me up, with this stoic 'I hate my job' look on her face. As I was putting my bagged items into my cart, I turned around and she was gone. In her place was the black girl. She didn't say hi either. After ringing me up and giving me my total, I swiped my card and put in my pin. The pin was wrong. I had just gotten this card and I thought I had memorized my pin number, but I guess not. My phone (that had my pin on it) was in my car, so I asked if I could run out and get it. The black girl rolled her eyes at me and exhibited complete and utter displeasure towards my question, as if I completely ruined her day. And she didn't even answer the question, she just sat there, rolling her eyes, hesitating as if, in that very moment, a magical money-fairy would come down and zap cash into my pockets with her magic wand. I asked her again, if it would be ok to grab my phone, and she eventually said that it was fine, but with this hideous attitude. So I ran out and grabbed my phone, which literally took less than a minute (the Spouts parking is an empty void most of the time, so snagging a parking spot right out front isn't that hard). Anyhow, I get back and the white lady is standing there again. I'm thinking, 'oh great, not her again' and of course, her reaction towards the situation is to be completely patronizing. Finally I leave. I mean seriously? I'm a regular customer here. My husband and I shop here every other Thursday. A little respect would be nice. It was already shameful enough that I had forgotten my pin number and had to run out to my car and grab my phone, holding up the line. Then to feel degraded by these incompetent nimrods on top of it. . . . well that was just completely unacceptable. Needless to say, I'm disgusted. My husband and I will be joining our local buying clubs (a far better option) anyway, so thankfully I won't have to put up with them much longer. P.S. in case anyone is wondering why I didn't just charge my card. Well, because I don't like doing that. I'm looking out for businesses that I happen to support such as whole food markets like Sprouts. I would rather my retailer not have to pay a fee to the bank every time I charge my debit card. But, I guess it doesn't matter when a business such as this, has idiot cashiers who conduct business in a gross manner. Screw them.
4	Well, a lot of reviewers seem to feel that this place has gone downhill since it was Sunflower, but honestly, other than the marquee, I see no difference at all. Still lots of fresh produce at good prices, and it's never nasty and bug-ridden like at Food for Less or flavorless and unripe like Walmart, and really a deal with the double-ad Wednesdays. They also feature my fave, the meat counter with actual live personnel to  weigh and wrap items like their house-made sausages in a lot of varieties, and the rest of the meat is not always the cheapest but I have never had an issue with the quality or tenderness. They also have a couple of aisles of bulk foods, ranging from quinoa and granola to gummy bears and chocolate-covered nuts (MY kind of health food!) They have a small bakery section, and if you get there in the morning the chocolate croissants are still warm - ooh la la! There are lots of organic items and crap that is vegan, gluten-free, etc., but for folks like me that skip the tofu and figure that if I'm not getting enough vitamins in the mass quantities of food I eat, no supplement on Earth is going to save me, you can steer your cart right past that and go straight to their very respectable wine section. They carry Boar's Head products in the deli, too, which are no pricier than anywhere else, and lots of cheeses, flavors of hummus and Babygirl's favorite fresh salsa. Never had an issue with any of the staff- always friendly and helpful. Not really the place to do all your shopping unless you don't own a razor, but great for stocking up on the produce.
3	This place is an OK find for more natural produce.However, I get a tad disappointed in their fish and meats department.A lot of their fish is "previously frozen". Which means that they get it frozen, and then defrost it, and sell it to you. Meaning that you can't freeze it when you get home.... I guess it would be okay if you were going to eat it that night..... but still, that's gross to me.... I can get previously frozen fish from just about any where.
5	Great market! They play oldies which are very catchy. The store is pretty clean. Always nice service. They do have good prices on seasonal produce. And the produce is ALWAYS wonderful. They do have a lot of "previously frozen food"...so take what you want from that...they are competitively priced with whole foods on organic stuff, maybe even cheaper. But they carry many non organic foods as well. Olive bar is nice. And many foods in bulk.
4	Great selection. The best produce in town. Their dairy is a little expensive to outrageously overpricd but its delicious. Everything is a cut above. Their organic produce is reasonable considering the premium for organic. Their staff knows exactly what they are selling. They have a great variety of vitamins and hippie stuff. They have the latest delicious foods. The one star deduction is because the neighborhood is super sketchy.
5	This place is mildly addicting... I feel like im here at least 5x a week. Whole Foods quality with Trader Joes prices, this place is amazing for gluten free, antibiotic free, hormone free, organic food. They also have a pretty decent Wine and Beer selection. With everything carefully labeled GF, Vegan, Organic etc its very easy to find what you need here. Not as many items as Whole Foods but it gets the job done. I suggest everyone to shop here for groceries/ supplements.
5	This is without a doubt my favorite grocery store in town!  I do not even live anywhere in the area, but I stop by a couple times a week for my food needs.The deli counter workers are incredibly amazing and one in particular always goes so far above and beyond what I expect for customer service.  I love ordering the fresh-made for you sandwiches at the counter and they are my favorite lunches in town!Great prices on most things and incredible quality!
3	UPDATED:  10/10/13 I don't know what happened, but fortunately, they seem to be cleaning up their act. The last two times I was there, the food was much fresher, no rotten produce and decent prices on organics. I'm not exactly sold yet, but I'm happy to see that there is improvement brewing._________________________What has happened to this place??? I used to love it here, when it first opened as Sunflower, it was great, the prices were low and the food was pretty good. As the years went by the quality started to change. The first thing I noticed is the fruit tends to be pretty tasteless, but that is nothing to what I experienced there today. ROTTEN FOOD, I mean come on, the produce guy was setting out fruits and vegetables, but I guess he is either blind or doesn't care at all. The corn was rotten, old and dried up. The packaged cucumbers were so bad that they were moldy and were so rotted they were almost liquid. I have seen brown meat, that I wouldn't give to my cats. I also find the music they play annoying, but most of the customers are in their late 60's or early 70's so the old time music probably fits their customer base. The only reason I go is because I take my mom there, she continues to hope it will get better, but I only see it getting worse.
4	We love this grocery store and whenever we have to drive to East Las Vegas, we usually stop for something or other at Sprouts Market.  The employees are friendly, on more than one occasion I've called the butcher and asked them to cut or grind something for me.  When I arrive, it has always been waiting for me.  The produce prices are fantastic and I've never had an issue with the quality.  There is a decent beer selection, although prices are not as low as they are at Total Wine or Lee's.  More craft brews than at your usual grocery store.  I'll say we've had some hits and misses on the prepared foods.  The meatloaf was too bland for example.  But, we have had some good items as well.
5	Ya, good stuff in here for sure and less expensive than whole foods. Bulk section is small, but there is enough to keep you occupied, produce is looking better than in past months, and the prices are good on things in season. Meat section is pricey, but good. I do pick up Gluten free bread mix here, and they have Boars Head at reasonable prices. Beer and wine from all over the world, and a large health/beauty section..
5	I've been to both Sprouts stores and I like how each store does have a little something different to offer. This one has my favorite milk brand, Straus, that I've come to only find at Whole Foods. (Sidenote: it is a must for ppl to try especially if you're not lactose intolerant or even drink milk on a regular basis...you'll taste a big difference).  The prices for produce are cheaper than Whole Foods, but you can make your own judgment call on the quality of it.  I do love the double ad Wednesdays which both store locations are known to have.  Come Wednesdays as there is a guy who likes to sample goodies and is the friendliest person you'll find in Vegas...somebody I note as the Sprouts ambassador.  Oh, and you might see me working too that day.
3	Sunflower used to be my go to spot for groceries.   However, since being acquired by Sprouts, prices have gone way up and service has gone down.  The people who work here are very nice, but turn over is constant, so the workers are not experienced.  Still a solid store, but I mostly shop at Trader Joe's now since I get a lot more organic produce bang for my buck there.
5	We like this grocery store a lot. The meat is always fresh and hormone free. Their produce always looks and tastes great. The cashiers and baggers are always nice and I've never had a rude employee help me out. I just wish it was closer to where I live.
5	It's my favorite store for grocery shopping. The quality of produce, meats & fish is very high, but prices are not as high as in Whole Foods. I'm happy to have this store very close to my house. Highly recommend!
3	A decent store with more healthy options than other places, but feels like a glorified Trader Joe's.  Produce is good, but quantity and quality vary wildly.  Their boxed and frozen section would be average in my book.Not all their meat is grass fed or organic, and the meat that is grass fed more than double normal pricing.  I'll pay good money for quality safe meat, but double price for average meet, no matter the source, is just silly.  Staff is friendly, but lacks serious knowledge of the products they sell.  Questions about how to prepare unusual items or their contents are met with blank stares.I shop here because it's close and serviceable, but I now have a bakery and butcher I'd rather use.  As soon as I can find a better source for produce I will probably abandon Sprouts all together.
5	Their prices are reasonable -- considering that it's a specialty grocery store. Wish it was located closer to my neck of the woods!I passed this grocery store on my way to another destination, and on my way back I decided to drop in to see what they're all about. I was very pleasantly surprised to see that their prices are so reasonable. In fact, I found their prices on oranges really attractive. They are being sold for 48 cents a pound - cheaper than Costco's prices at the current time. I bought a big bag of oranges and I also found a healthy snack of sweet potato chips. They were 2:1 on sale, so I got that too. I'll be sure to come back the next time I'm in the area. Great prices and great assortment of healthy choices!
4	First visit to Sprouts and I enjoyed it. I looked over the flyer that was sent in the mail and it sparked my curiosity. It's hard to believe some of the prices that were advertised but it was true. So many healthy choices both organic and non. The store looks small when you first walk in but walking around it's just that's it's perfectly laid out. My first visit but definitely not my last. I hope this stores stays as reasonably priced as it is today.
4	Sprouts market has always been good to me.  It's not located near me but they have a few grocery items that I love and will make the drive for.  Soon enough they will be opening 2 new locations in the Henderson area which I'm giddy about!  It is a good store to find those gluten free or organic type foods with a huge variety to choose from.For this location, the store is huge, clean and organized.  Their different departments are easy to find with just a glance.  The produce always looks fresh and neat.  I find their prices aren't too shabby either!  One thing that lacks here compared to one of my other favorite grocery stores is their customer service from their checkouts.  The lines move very very slow and rarely say a word to you as they are checking you through. I am looking forward to the new stores closer to me....  Thanks Sprouts!
5	A lot like whole foods but more affordable, different selections. Feels like a neighborhood grocery store that just happens to have lots of great products that a health conscious person would seek. I love the stuff in the butcher section. I definitely recommend it.
3	I think the employees at this location are fairly friendly for the most part. Though I love most of their selection I do think some of their items are high priced. I would love to buy more supplements or vitamins but I simply can't afford it. I think their free range meat options are lacking.
5	If you're into organic produce, Sprouts has the best selection of any store in town, except MAYBE Whole Foods. The prices are way better than Whole Foods, though, and they're even better than Trader Joe's because a lot of TJ's organic veggies are pre-packaged. Sprouts also has a good selection of organic, grass-fed meats. Probably better than anybody else because even Whole Foods' butcher shop devotes only a very small percentage to organic/grass-fed.The personal item area with natural vitamins and face wash and stuff is big, but not as big as WF. I can't comment on the quality, though, because I never buy that stuff.Overall, it's my go-to grocery store. I get everything I need for almost as cheap as Smith's, but with a lot more organic/natural.
3	Shop here every week - its the closet one to my house.   Today, I discovered that Thursdays are a great day to go, a lot less busy than on Wednesday when their new ads come out and they still honor the old weekly ad too. I enjoy the foods here but have found that they don't always have what I'm looking for.In talking to the produce clerk, I learned that is out of their control at times about when things come in like Organic Gala Apples.   (haven;t seen them in weeks) Also noticed the organic red leaf lettuce was a bit small but they were on sale so helped a bit. Always friendly and helpful staff here- Visited New on on Stephanie once and it is  not as big as the store on Tropicana, but they seemed to have more stuff. No matter.....love Sprouts
4	I like this place because it carries a wide variety of specialty foods.  I have never liked the "organic" pricing.  Organic food is grow with chemicals...let's be clear.  Are they better chems?  Don't know, I'm no micro-biologist, nor chemist.  I can tell you that farms pay institutions that deem a food organic or not organic, in order to certify and that could be one reason that it costs more to the consumer.  The produce is no better or worse than Food 4 Less but is much more expensive.  I do love their vegan/vegetarian friendly foods and their employees all seem to be very at peace.  PS  SHOUT OUT!  White-haired lady who walks around the bulk section sticking your nasty fingers into the bins and eating out of them like a pig....THANK YOU FOR PREVENTING ME FROM EVER BUYING BULK AGAIN!!!!  You are really a filthy person and you KNOW I saw you!  You are old enough to know better and you ought to be ashamed of yourself...you could get a lot of people sick!  PSS Yes, I ratted on this individual and the Sprouts team took care of her.  They told me that their policy was to empty each bin full that she stuck her fingers in and then refill them with new product.  I felt that it was the right thing to do but it made me feel even more like that woman was just a horrible inconsiderate wretch...after all waste is a terrible thing.
5	Hands down the best grocery store in all of Las Vegas. Tons of organic fruits & vegetables. Huge selection.  And unlike Whole Paycheck, they have sales often.  Furthermore, Whole Foods is pushing their low quality generic brand "365" too much.  At Sprouts you get more choices.  And this location is big and open, not too crowded.  Love this Sprouts!
4	I love sprouts!  They have a selection of healthy, organic food at GREAT prices.  The store is clean, and I actually have FUN shopping here.  The produce is not always they best, nor does it last as long as I would like, but I love the feel and vibe of the store and shop here every week.
2	Okay, let start with the simple fact that this place is "suppose to" be one of the best places to buy produce. Simply put, this is not so.  I know Sprouts is new in Nevada, but come on guys, stand by your brand name.  I have never been to a Sprouts that doesn't offer so many things that you can get in the California locations. For example... Mushrooms.  I thought mushrooms were one of those things that every grocery store should have.  Espeically one that claims to have some of the best produce in town.  The deli/lunch meat is WAY over priced averaging around $8.99lb. Why even bother then, might as well go to Costco or Smiths.  ** Only thing that saved this specific location from getting one star are the employees. Super sweet and helpful, when they can be. They really don't know anything about their products but they are kind people.
5	After moving from San Francisco, I desperately missed the farmers market 5 minutes from my house where there are all sorts of freshest fruits and vegetables. Ah, Spouts now fulfills my longing. I visited a few open "famers market" here in Vegas and have been very disappointed. The selections are sad (more face painting booths than fruit/produce stands) and the price is higher than Whole Foods! (admitted by one of the stand salesperson who advised me to go to Whole Foods to buy the same thing.) The quality of the fresh produce is VERY GOOD, and they always have great sales that nobody else can beat. (Cherries for 89 cents a pound, anyone?) I tend to do most of my vegetables and fruit shopping here, but I haven't bought any meat or fish here because I usually go to Chinatown or Costco for those. Go Wednesday where they have double sales on items on sale both the previous and coming week.
4	Good produce, watch the different colored bags for organic and non-organic items. Very good bakery items except some of the bread products are frozen when found on shelf. The cookies are excellent. The vitamin and health department is wonderful and the staff there is knowledgeable and helpful. The meat department is also well staffed and has good product.
4	Produce, Produce, Produce. I've shopped the competition...and on the East side of the city so far nobody comes close to Sprouts in selection and especially in quality. The deli counter is another plus...it looks small but Sprout's carries Boars Head products. If you're not on the other side of town at Glazier's "we carry the full Boars Head line but you gotta wait for an hour to get it" deli counter, or don't want to deal with a zoo at the nearby Smith's you can come here and find most of your Boars Head favorites at the same prices as Smith's. They also carry a fairly well stocked selection of supplements, vitamins, etc at slightly lower prices than Whole Check charges for the same thing. The staff is knowledgeable too...when I was looking for the ingredients to make "bulletproof coffee" they pointed me to a lower cost but just as effective alternative for the base ingredients for the brain fuel component. Checkouts can be a bit slow sometimes. But I always find the staff to be friendly and oh yeah...they know how to smile. Parking is usually not a problem either. Some people may consider this part of town to be "sketchy" for various reasons but I don't mind the location at all. If you leave the store hungry you're in luck...Taco y Taco is literally right around the corner and worth a try. 4 Stars...I keep going back week after week and their produce doesn't spoil half as fast as stuff I've purchased elsewhere.
4	Second time to this location and I am still impressed with the quality. Haven't had any issues with the sandwiches I receive from the deli and the customer service is still phenomenal.
3	I used to love this location of Sprouts. I started going there when it was still Sunflower Market. The last few times I've gone here they always have problems with the registers (have to send associates to check prices, ect) and their shelves aren't as well stocked anymore. They only carry one brand of certain items, which is annoying. I love Sprouts as a brand, but this particular store needs to meet their standards.
5	Great selection, friendly staff, good prices. Sprouts is hands down my favorite place to get meat, and they offer exotic meats such as bison and Elk. They also have an organic produce selection second only to Whole Foods but the fairer process here more than make up for that. There's almost always a premium soap or toothpaste on sale, which is great for people avoiding fluoride and detergent like myself.
