4	One of the three places to see great independent cinema in Montreal.They do Woody, Coen, but also emerging filmmakers, usually in the original language + French subtitles.The only thing about it I don't understand: the cashiers are behind a sort of aquarium, where you see their faces through a sort of think glass. They never quite seem to look at you, Why make it personal and warm when it can be confusing and impersonal, I am asking you.
4	Being here for the amazing M60 film festival screening reminded me how much I love this cinema. I used to go to Ex-Centris all the time for solo weird movie missions, something about the metal and purple and French modern vibe gives you that anonymous feeling you sometimes get on trains and planes, like you could be anyone chic and exciting in any wonderful city anywhere. Except that it was designed by Daniel Langlois to be a digital media experimentation space as well as a state of the art cinema, so really c'est tres Montreal.
5	Love the look of the place, don't like the tiny little viewing spaces. If the film is really popular, then it's a very good chance the space will be filled to the max and good luck getting in. The washrooms are always clean and remind me of some I've seen in pro design magazines. For some strange reason, I've always felt as though I'm on a ship... the overall look of the building interior just always gave me that feeling. I loved the "looking"into the diver's mask to order tickets, but it's self-serve now (credit cards only) so one can no longer  have that odd but fun experience. If paying cash,or by debit card,there is now a ticket counter on the side wall by the first theatre on the right. The far end of the floor now has a Soupe/Soupe lunch counter with a few tables to cater to a more casual or perhaps less pocketful crowd, but is only open during the day, unlike the pricier Excentris resto.
4	One of Montreal's last great spots to catch independent films and an excellent way to support Montreal's documentary film industry.
