4	Be still my beating heart. I'm taking an epic walk through Pittsburgh (10 miles through six different neighborhoods), and as I'm near the end of my journey, tired, hungry, maybe even a little delirious, I stumble across a mirage, a figment of my imagination, something far, far too good to be true. I see a brand-new beautiful awning with the words "Scoops in Bloomfield". What could it be?  I stagger in and I'm overwhelmed by the vision  of tub after tub of ice cream--every imaginable color and flavor. Scoops is yet another new thing in my fabulous neighborhood of Bloomfield. Further proof, along with the new Saturday market, that Bloomfield is the coolest neighborhood in Pittsburgh. Why go anywhere else?Tonight, they were accepting only cash. They indicated that this is just a temporary problem. So bring your money, honey, and get you some good ice cream!
5	Bloomfield has restaurants-a-plenty, but until recently, only had a fro-yo place available to soothe an ailing sweet tooth.  Now we have Scoops!  They have a really wide selection of flavors, from the darkest, richest fudge to the lightest sherbet, and many in between!  They're clean and have a small indoor counter space and a handy table outside too.  Price is on par for portion, and the waffle cones smell heavenly if you catch them making them fresh!  All in all, a welcomed addition to the neighborhood and worth the walk up liberty!
5	So happy to have a new ice cream place in the neighborhood!  Because if we are being honest, if I want ice cream at nine on a Saturday I'm not trying to deal with Oakland, or a place that seems like it is staffed by middle schoolers even though I'm pretty sure that hasn't been legal for a century. The flavor selection here is quite extensive. You get a ton of ice cream in a double and the waffle cones are delicious. I got bittersweet sinphony (coffee) and spimoni. The spimoni was the best I've ever had. Price is cheaper than the competition too. There's seating and on a nice night you could just walk across to the friendship parklet too. Will definitely be back, people should definitely support their neighborhood places.
4	I stopped by last night to try some of the spumoni ice cream.  I mentioned to the guy working there that I'd never had this flavor before, and he gave me a sample to try.  I liked it, so I ordered a single scoop of it, and it was quite creamy and delicious.  They also have fresh-made waffle cones for an extra 95 cents, but I decided to be good/cheap and just get a sugar cone, and it was more than sufficient to satisfy my craving.I have two minor criticisms.  First, the ice cream could have been packed onto the cone a bit more firmly. A couple of times when I was eating the ice cream, it came dangerously close to falling off (note: I'm a biter, not a licker). Second, it was unclear what brand of ice cream I was eating, since there was a Hershey's ice cream decal on the freezer, but I noticed an invoice for Perry's ice cream.  I'm pretty sure most of the ice cream is Perry's, though, since they're listed as a vendor on the Perry's website.
4	Scoops is great. They have a really extensive selection of flavors. I had a milkshake and it was good. The place itself is a little bare, but you're not there to look at art you're there to get some Scoops!
5	Stopped here on 7/31/2014. The owner waited on my husband and I. The service was great and the ice cream was even better. I will be returning very soon to try the banana cream pie flavor. Great hours too.
4	All the flavors you want in a classic scoop shop. I got the pumpkin ice cream. It's to die for!
5	Great little ice cream place. Tons of flavors (spumoni, pumpkin, coffee, to name a few) to choose from. Also available are ice cream sodas and floats, milk shakes, and sundaes (with your choice of toppings - hot fudge sauce, strawberry topping, hot caramel, chocolate syrup, pineapples and crushed peanuts - and your choice of any ice cream). My husband and I split the brownie a la mode sundae with 2 scoops of spumoni ice cream, and hot fudge sauce and strawberry topping. It was really good, and more than enough to split between the two of us. They have a little table outside with 2 chairs and a couple of barstools and a bench inside. The store was bright, and clean. They do accept credit cards (even on our $4.95 bill), just not AMEX. We'll definitely be back again.
4	A nice modern place set within the heart of Bloomfield. Very clean, a variety of toppings offerings, and nice staff. Stop in here sometime soon before the weather gets too cold!
5	People at this ice cream shop are super nice and friendly. They have many kinds of ice cream and three kinds of cones.
4	After a super unfulfilling dinner I felt deserving to have some good ice cream. And this place totally proved its worth.  The prices were ridiculous cheap and the flavours available were awesome.  Definitely try their rich dark chocolate and the coffee with chocolate bits.  I'm not a fan of chocolate but loved how it wasn't too chocolatey but instead just right :)
5	Delicious!! Great ice cream at a great price! You can't go wrong getting ice cream for 2 for only $5, especially when your cone is filled with hand scooped creamy delicousness!!
