5	Greg and Chrissy are the owners,  awesome and friendly.   Greg is very knowledgable with wines. The happy hour rocks as well as the tunes. Make sure you order the meat and cheese plate. Nice portion!  Thank you the "sombreros" for find the Whining Pig".
5	Love it! It's really small but I hope they expand soon. Vast wine list and good beers to choose from. Wine and cheese plus petite desserts are yummy...hit the spot. Greg and his dad are uber cool. Will be back again and again!
4	Nice place. Met some new friends at the bar, and owner is very friendly. Meat and cheese plate is excellent. Beer list is hearty, although a bit mainstream for the craft beer aficionado. Happy hour is a great deal, and it's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5	I'm in the service biz.  Staff was attentive and friendly.  Love the small space and design.  I highly recommend.   Dale's Pale Ale in a can....good stuff!
5	Greg the owner will be pouring your beer or wine.  Very attentive and nice small wine bar to add to the 16th st and Bethany area.  Highly recommend!!
5	Aaaaamazing~ such an awesome new hang out spot! Here are a few highlights:The prices are great, I really recommend the happy hour from 1 to 8pm!Services was very helpful helping me pick a wine that I would like! The guy even let me sample a small amount before I bought a glass- and of course I ended up buying a bottle! The decor is beautiful! You can write on the chalk wall! The only thing I didnt like was the sign out front!! But there was no way I was going to dock points for that. You NEED to try this place!
5	Cozy, vintage, and amazing. There are 30,000 pennies in the bar top. Bartender is very friendly and knowledgeable about different wines. Wine pours come in beakers!!!
5	Really impressive place!! We stopped in to check it out for a drink, and ended up staying for about three hours. The happy hour prices were very affordable and the choices were abundant! The owner/bartender is a really great guy! Great decor and atmosphere.You can't really go wrong by checking out a place with this many five star reviews on Yelp. If for nothing else, you at least have to stop in and check out the dancing bartender!
5	Happy hour here is amazeballs!! $5.00 wines and $3.00 beers!! Can't beat that! The atmosphere is really chill and the owners are very involved, serving drinks and all! They are super friendly and have great suggestions!! I will be back here for sure!! I'm in love with the giant chalk board too! And they have pictionary!! What is not to love!!
5	The stories are all true!! Killer establishment, chill vibes, and a great bartender/ owner. Bruno Mars never stops playing and the bartender never stops dancing. A true hidden gem in the desert. Happy hour may be the best deal around with $3 beer and 5$ glasses of wine. Come on down for a good pour.
5	My wife and I went to the whining pig yesterday and it was fabulous. The owner is the bartender and he's really nice and knowledgeale. I think they have the longest happy hour of any bar in the valley. The place is small but cozy and clean. I'll be back. This place is such a great addition to the corner.
5	Great place.  AMAZING beer selection.  Owner is real friendly and knowledgeable.  I am coming back
5	Awesome addition to an already great neighborhood. Stop in and see Greg and his dad Steve (who makes a great meat and cheese plate!) and this cozy wine bar. The wine and beer menu rotates, so you'll be sure to find something new every time.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! Greg, the owner is fantastic and always had a great wine for me to try.I even asked him to contact a small brewery to get my favorite new beer and it'll be in stock at the end of the month. I can't say enough good things about this bar.
5	First visited The Whining Pig on a Thursday, was back by Saturday. This is an amazing new place and I feel like I've been let into a secret society of craft beers, great service, and delicious cookies.The atmosphere is super chill and comfortable.  The place is small, very small, but it still feels oh-so-right. They offer a great selection of beer and wine at incredible prices since the Happy Hour goes on from open-8pm! Greg, the owner and also the best bartender you may possibly ever encounter, is very knowledgeable about everything they pour. He also keeps a jar of chocolate handy and frequently shares it with all the patrons, which had me at hello.As if all that wasn't enough, feel free to grab a board game and add to the fun. Feeling creative? Draw on the chalkboard walls. I love this place!
5	It took me 30 minutes to set up this yelp account, but well worth the time. The whining pig is what Phoenix needs. A speakeasy where the local crowd can take the edge off and socialize in complete leisure. Thank you Greg for this fine venue...we'll be back soon!
5	Where has this bar been all of my life?  I absolutely love everything about it!  It is quaint, attracts really friendly people, plays great music, has amazingly nice bartenders, and has happy hour with an extensive $5 wine and $3 beer selection until 8pm...yes, you heard me correctly!This neighborhood gem will continue to be popular, so getting a seat could be a real issue!  Check this place out...you won't regret it!
5	Great beer selection, fun games, and good music. Happy hour everyday is a huge plus. Highly recommend it.
5	Absent the sound of horns from yellow colored cabs and the hustle & bustle of passersby, The Whining Pig is a trip to a quaint and appropriately undersized NYC wine & beer bar.  If you're likely to complain that it's "too packed", then I suggest you play bocce ball or holey boards at a massive neighboring resto-bar and save the space for someone who appreciates the fact that you might actually have to talk to someone because you're literally rubbing elbows.This is not the place to go for lunch or dinner, the focus is clearly on the well-selected wines and beers (a small, yet very well done cheese plate is available)- no Bud or Bud Light or similar will grace the chalkboard list.  The owner, Greg, is attentive and knowledgeable, and appreciates that you are there.All that said, please don't go here because it's "too packed" and I'd rather have your seat at the bar.
5	A great cozy addition! This place is teeny which is part of the charm.  The owner is super friendly and enthusiastic. He shouldn't be surprised by the over night success because this place will please everyone.  Tight seating makes meeting your neighbors a must which was fun.  The penny covered bar top was neato.  :) drink options: many!  price point: so cheap, seriously.  We had the meat & cheese plate and couldn't tear ourselves away.  You know you've meaning to check this place out... don't wait another day!
5	I almost don't want you to know about Whining Pig, because I don't want it to blow up too fast. Reminds me of the bars in Brooklyn- this is a tiny bar that maximizes the space it inhabits in this strip mall on what has become a really hot corner in Uptown PHX. Parking is a betch. Some nights it's SRO, but when you can get settled in you're forced to meet new people because of the close quarters that you share. That's a good thing. Can you beat $3 beers/$5 wines for happy hour? This ain't rail stuff he's serving either- the selection changes often which encourages you to get out of your comfort zone and try something new. If you are hungry- the cheese plate comes with plenty for two people to share and they serve desserts, too.
5	This place is a Gem! It's small, dont get me wrong, but its very comfortable. It attracts nice people and the owner Greg is a good guy
5	Where else would you be when you cannot find that one place? Well here it is - rooted in sincerity & community... Oh and yes there is great wine!
4	This tiny little bar is located on Bethany Home at 16th Street right around the corner from TexAz Grill and its a great addition to the neighborhood. The Whining Pig specializes in wine and craft beer and while its a tiny place, it has a great selection of beverages, homemade desserts, friendly staff, and a great selection of trivia and board games. Apparently they do a trivia challenge one night a week, where one side of the bar competes against the other.If you're looking for a nice friendly casual place to get a drink and have some fun, check out The Whining Pig.
5	This is a perfect spot to enjoy Wine & Conversation. Love everything about this cozy bar. Entered as a stranger and left as a new friend to a few. Love this place! Cheers***
5	When I first heard we were going to the Whining Pig I wasn't sure what to expect.  What I found was an awesome, although very small, gem in the rough.  Seating is definitely limited but it helps provide a coziness and charm to the place. This bar specializes in wine and craft beers and has an awesome happy hour until 8 pm. While the I got to meet the owner who was very nice and let me sample my wine choice before I ordered the glass. I have to admit that I did sample a very delicious peanut butter brownie, it was super rich but I enjoyed every bite. Tasted like a Reese's peanut butter cup in pastry form :)The bar top is nearly 30000 pennies which is fun to look at and the cash register is an awe inspiring antique style register. Trivia cards scatter the top so that you can amazing your friends with your knowledge. I fell in love with this place on my first visit.
5	Such a fan, 10x better than any fox concept.  Greg is a great host, and it is such an inviting cozy place you have trouble believing it has only been around for weeks and not decades.
5	I love this bar. It's cozy and because it's small it is an awesome place to meet other people in the neighborhood. A great place to go when you just want to feel "home".
5	I am in love with this place! We came in because they serve KCCO beer (The Chive) but stayed because of the beer/wine list, the brownies and the service!When we first walked the guys with me gave me the look of "really, you're taking us to this tiny, little bar" but as soon as they checked out the beer list on the wall, they were set. We laughed, played trivia pursuit and made new friends. Like someone else said in their review, "I almost don't want you to know about The Whining Pig, because I don't want it to blow up too fast." I agree. Seating is very limited in this place and there isn't a lot of room to move around. Kudos to the owner, you did a great job and we will be back with friends sometime very soon!!
5	If you are lucky enough to find a seat at this cozy, vintage little gem you will never want to leave. This is an awesome happy hour spot with great wines and craft beer. The bartender/owner is friendly, funny and very knowledgeable about his pours. (And shares my father's name - hey Greg Allen!!)! They serve baked good, treats, cheese plates and other nosh items. It truly is a neighbor bar because I run in to people I know every time I come in. Do me a favor and don't tell your friends about this place. It's almost too cool to share
5	This place is the perfect example of what a neighborhood bar should be like! This tiny spot reminds me of the Osterias in Italy, unassuming and to the point! I live in he uptown neighborhood and have a passion for wine so I couldn't wait to check it out. When I first walked in I was a little shocked at how small it was but not in a claustrophobic way. The esthetics were eclectic and DIY which gives the place a lot of character. The owner, and a cute older gentlemen who I assume was his dad (mainly because he kept calling him dad lol) were both very friendly and had some good suggestions on wine. We had a meat and cheese plate, which dad made, and it was delicious as were the wines the owner suggested. I like the fact that they don't waste paper on reprinting menus and instead write on the chalkboard walls. When we left my friends and I were very pleased as were our wallets! Needless to say I will be back
5	What a cool concept and perfect complement to the 16th street/bethany area. A tiny bar with interesting decor, lots of really great beer and wine, reasonable prices, and a friendly and enthusiastic bartender/owner. The place was packed when we arrived on a Saturday night but managed to find a table by the door. Eventually some other people left so we were able to snag a couple more seats for our friends. The WP manages to balance the small quarters so that even when it's full it felt cozy, not cramped or uncomfortable. It felt like you were in somebody's really cool private home bar and Greg (the owner) and other patrons made it a very welcoming atmosphere. We had a couple drinks and were able to talk amongst ourselves when we wanted and chat with the other patrons at other points. All that to say that the WP has a natural, comfortable feel.The chalkboard displays a huge variety of beer and wine. Don't be intimidated. Just pick a random one if you're adventurous. Or ask Greg, he's happy to make suggestions. Also, the snacks and desserts are really good. Our friends had a brownie and I had a bite, very tasty. And then we got a couple ham and cheese sandwiches with this really great ham from Schreiner's. You probably wouldn't want to go here for dinner because it's really just finger foods (and there are lots of good restaurants nearby), but it's all so good it wouldn't be the worst thing if you pigged out (see what I did there?!) on some ham&cheese sandwiches, cheese plates and baked goods. In sum, it's a great little place to come have a drink with friends. And you can easily stay here and enjoy all night, but at the same time you have lots of great restaurant and bar options within easy walking distance. Look forward to coming back!
5	Came here with my boyfriend the Saturday before last and have been here 7 times since. By far my favorite new local bar. This vintage gem is everything a bar should be. It's very small, it has a gorgeous penny topped bar. The beer and wine selection is extensive and thorough. It changes every few weeks.It's a family owned bar, father and son. Greg  the head bartender is a pro on his beer and wine knowledge. Always excited to tell you what new selections he has. The expansive green chalkboard if full of choices that would quench anyone's palate. The prices are unbeatable for the high end beer and wine choices he offers. HH until 8pm daily, $3 beers and $5 glasses of wine. Greg's father Steve rocks a fedora nightly, and is always happily chatting up the customers and making you feel welcomed. Greg's sweet wife Chrissy is there pouring wine or making a freshly prepared charcuterie plate, dishing out a delicious brownie or a free Hershey kiss! It's just a wonderfully local, small business that will be getting my money for years to come. Get your asses down to the Whining Pig for a great time filled with good drink and great people!!
5	Whining Pig is truly as good as it gets for what it is.  This place has achieved regular rotation in my list of friendly establishments.  It almost has this speakeasy feel to it.  The owner is just as friendly as the bar itself.
5	What a great find! Found this gem in the New Times. $0.99 wine tasting on Saturdays and craft beer on Sundays. Greg was amazing at choosing the right sip. They also carry rotating craft beer and hubby found a new Wee Heavy that we both enjoyed. We were there on a Saturday quiet but nice vibe. Happy hour $3 craft beers and $5 glasses of wine. Happy hour all day Saturday until 7.
5	Great atmosphere,  great wine, great owner. Couldnt ask for anythibg better in a neighborhood bar. Highly recommended, happy hour is even better!
5	Happy hour until 8pm and huge selection of wine and craft beers.  Limited seating so get here early!
5	Very friendly owners. Great beer and wine specials. Unique neighborhood Bar. Awesome happy hour until 8. Highly recommend checking this place out!
5	Frankly, I love everything about this place. When I'm at the Whining Pig, it seems like I'm somewhere besides Phoenix. Not to knock my own city, but there is something to be said for being in a truly urban environment where ducking into a bar means finding a seat and mingling by shear force of enclosed spaces. Tonight I watched a girl challenge anyone on the other side of the bar to a game of connect 4. It was cool, everyone considered playing and somebody accepted her challenge. Fun. Fun. Fun. You have to give the owner, who you will see behind the bar at all times, lots of credit for appreciating and incorporating simplicity. Great beer. Great wine. Hungry? They will get their highly trained kitchen staff (owner's dad) putting together simple, tasty, filling and inexpensive dishes like a ham and cheese sandwich for I think $2.50 or better yet, try the plate filled with cheese, sausage, apple, honey, bread and crackers for under $10.Maybe my favorite touch is the soap dispenser in the bathroom. Hilarious. Straight out of a country club bathroom with the sunscreen, etc. All told, a welcome addition to a corner that has many bars, but lacked a whining pig.
5	I don't want to write a review about this place, but I'm going to do it anyways...The Whining Pig has become one of my favorite places in all the valley to grab a few drinks and run into fellow Phoenicians/Yelpers (Hi Sunny!). Greg and his father did a bang-up job establishing this little beaut into a place that looks like it's been a part of the neighborhood for decades. The bar is tiny, filled with friendly faces and laughter, has great drinks and prices, and it just plain ol' feels good to be wetting your whistle in there. That said, keep in mind that this is a wine/beer bar, so don't come for cocktails. And, if you get hungry, know that you'll be able to get order some light bites and baked goods to munch on while you get ready for your next drink.It's that simple. The Whining Pig is a neighborhood bar that feels like a neighborhood bar. Say hi if you see me in there during happy hour because it's highly likely.
5	Best wine bar in Arizona! What a GEM! They have fun games, fantastic music!The owner doesn't have a staff he is a lawyer who didn't want to do that anymore and opened up a wine bar is dad work her and wife on occasion. The wine selection is fantastic.. Cool fun beers also.. They don't have hard liquor but that isn't a problem they have a white wine similar to a vodka.. Cant wait to be back! Amazing happy hours!
5	I guess the secret is out.  I was trying to keep this for myself, sorry.  We have been coming here a few times already.  We love the coziness of this place.  Greg and his dad Steve are awesome hosts.  By the way, we met them when we came here, so we didn't know them before.  It is amazing that you can get great wines for $5 during their HH, which goes all the way until 8p.m.  There is also an option of $9 glasses of wine, I might give them a try once I'm done with the $5 list.  If you like beer, they have a very large list for $3 during HH.  We always end up ordering the cheese and meat platter, which at $8.50 is a bargain.  The place reminds me of some of the bars in southern Spain, where the emphasis is on the drinks and hanging out with your friends.  We drive 25 miles each way to hang out there.  We have to flip a coin to decide who will be the designated driver that week, lol.  Can't wait to go back.
5	It's a wine bar...wait...it's a beer bar...no, it's both! An excellent selection of both beer and wine with excellent service to boot. If you're in the neighborhood stop in and quench your thirst. As mentioned before they have a very generous happy hour... not so much an hour as a day (until 8p) daily.As a bonus, they named the restroom "The Jim". So if you need a workout you can always say you went to the Jim (gym)!
5	best new find in CenPho.  Great wine selection, good simple cheese/meat plate, crap parking but what else is new in this area?  Great hometown atmosphere, fun crowd, cheap drinks/eats, what more could you ask for! I will be back for sure and I am telling everyone about this fun place to hang in our hood :)
5	There's really nothing I can add that hasn't already been shared in these reviews.Three of us went in on a Sunday evening. A couple glasses of wine, a couple of beers, a shared Schreiner's meat and cheese plate, and a (thanks, Yelp check in bonus!) peanut butter chocolate brownie that was so rich and dense and if I use more adjectives you'd think I was writing erotica!We shared bar space with Rock-em Sock-em Robots, Gumby and Pokey and lots of laughs over asking each other Trivial Pursuit questions.We chatted with Greg, the owner, about everything from wine to music (and his wife's revenge on his iPod) and absolutely enjoyed the experience.It's definitely small and the vibe is more suited to NYC or SF - but I am so happy it's here! Happy hour specials are fantastic! ($5 wines and $3 beers) Greg is easy to engage in conversation and knows his product incredibly well! I was quite impressed with how comfortable I was here - usually I feel more than a little under-dressed and under-class in a wine bar. This is a great neighborhood hangout that happens to have an amazing (and oft changing) selection of wine. Great way for me to learn more about the grapes without busting the budget or making me feel like a moron!Welcome to the neighborhood - what a fantastic addition!
4	Cozy, fun, not too loud. A very friendly and knowledgeable barkeep who could identify and critique each beer and wine. Literally dozens of beers and wines for the picking. Happy hour was especially enjoyable with $3 beers And $5 wines. Great find!
5	Come here, drink good beer and wine. meet the locals. This is a bar for a city that's finally getting a personality.
5	I had heard this place was in the shopping center where TexAz was but really wasn't to sure exactly where.  So it took passing it a couple of times and a few U-turns to get to where I needed to be.  It is between a smoke shop and a salon on the further east end of that complex.You walk in to a VERY cozy [i.e. small] bar area. with some unique 2 seat tables against the west wall and a penny topped copper bar, with stools immediately to the east.  [Yeah I love my cardinal directions.]  It is a tight squeeze but you quickly get to know your neighbors.  Good thing everyone I have met there has been pretty cool.  The wine and beer selection is pretty big considering it is a small place.  [Beer in bottles and cans, no taps if that is your thing].  The beer selection has a lil something for everyone from the standards like Coors Light and Blue Moon to craft beef selection that includes several AZ area favorites (and maybe some you have not heard of before).  Greg, his wife and father work to make this place what it is, a charming, fun place to hang out and meet some great people while drinking beer/wine.  You can catch a friendly game of Connect-4 or quiz your neighbor with a little Trivia while you are at it.  The Happy Hour prices are fabulous but the ambiance is worth it at any time you choose to come here.   They offer an ever developing cheese plate, select pastries and a few other little nosh items occasionally make an appearance on their chalkboard walls.
5	BEST BAR IN PHOENIX.  Seriously, it is the best bar in Phoenix. Ok, I get that it all depends on personal preference, but after only one visit, I love this place. It is sort of a dive bar with a hipster vibe mixed in. Very urban decor and atmosphere, it doesn't feel like you are in Phoenix. It has a great beer and wine list, which is listed on the wall in chalk. The bar is full of party games, many of which I haven't seen since I was a child. For food we only had the brownies, which were excellent, but saw some others with the cheese board and pizza and both made me we wish I wasn't already stuffed from another Phoenix mainstay. Awesome place, we will definitely be back!
5	Cool bar, great beers, great wine list with something for everyone. We will be back. It's rare to find a place that the owner actually cares about the bar's product anywhere these days so this is definitely a breath of fresh air. I'm new to Phoenix and so relieved I found a place not run like a major chain!
5	I love the Whining Pig so much that there is a huge part of me that doesn't want to write a yelp review. I happily stumbled across The Whining Pig on yelp a couple of weeks ago and have been wanting to check the place out ever since! Unfortunately my friends are all losers so I took myself on a date to The Whining Pig for Happy Hour! The thought of checking out a Wine/Beer Bar alone would be daunting, but whatever I decided to just go for it! I had such a great time, I happened to sit next to a super friendly Phoenix Fireman who kept me entertained for a few hours, Greg the ever friendly owner recommended a fantastic Chardonnay (that I might add was $5.00 for happy hour) and was friendly enough to open a Blonde ale beer to let me try since beer frankly scares me! I can't wait to go back and partake is some trivial pursuit, listen to some awesome music and drink fantastic wine!
5	We stopped by to use our Groupon and fell in love with the place. Greg, the owner, was very friendly and made us feel instantly at home. His selection is unmatched and the brownies are the best I've had in the Valley. Great place for a mellow ending to your evening or to catch a quiet drink after work!Five stars. Well done!
5	As others have said, there really isn't anything else to say but I'm happy to heap on a little more praise. My hats are off to these guys for taking a simple concept and really running with it and making something special with it.This tiny, simple place serves up an impressive, discerning array of beer and wine at very reasonable prices and they serve it with passion, warmth and hospitality. I was very impressed that they served Kingfisher-it's nice to see some unique imports among the craft offerings. I unfortunately did not sample any wine because I started with cocktails and ended up with beer. I knew if I finished with wine I would hate myself in the morning....next time. The atmosphere is REALLY fun-a great place to bring your girl or guy because they have all kinds of classic games: Battleship, Operation, Hungry Hungry Hippos and many more.The best thing about this place is the crowd that it attracts. No assholes, douches, skanks or ho's. Just genuine, down-to-earth people who like to enjoy some good beer and wine in a casual atmosphere. No attitude here, just good beer and wine and good people. What more could you ask for?And P.S., they LOVE us Yelpers so if you haven't already, show these guys some love!
5	Well. As pretty much every review has stated. As a small dive bar goes, this it how it should be done. Excellent atmosphere, paired with an excellent beer and whine menu. I was sat away from the beer list and unable to see it clearly and the staff described a few beers that ended up being a perfect fit for me.It was my girlfriends birthday as well and have her a free brownie too! Alongside that, we showed up in perfect time for a complimentary whine tasting!Although, the bar can be rather loud due to its small size. It adds to the atmosphere. I love this place. Will be a new regular for sure!
5	Love this place! Reminds me of being in vacation, as you don't see many places like this in Az. The owner is super friendly and let's you try before making your selection. The bar is super small and cozy with fun trivia cards to test your knowledge. Looking forward to going back!
5	Love this place!! It's very small and intimate, has a great selection of craft beer and wine, and the atmosphere is not one you could find elsewhere.
4	I'm all about finding deals on obscure craft beers, so when I can get the good stuff at $3 a bottle any day before 8pm, I'm in a happy place. Yes, this is seriously in the running for best drink special in town. Of course, I've still got some reservations.If you've got claustrophobia (before you ask, I don't), avoid this place at all costs. It has less walking space than your average hotel room. Sitting in front of the beer list makes it a pain to read. You will oddly position yourself out of the way every time someone needs to use the restroom in the corner. That being said, I'm not about to hate on this establishment because it's the tiniest bar I've ever set foot in. There are some gems to be found, and a great owner who knows his stuff about beer. I thought it was so considerate when he tried to warn/lecture this expert about how a beer would taste. The enthusiasm is cloying to a snob like yours truly, but it lets me know I can bring amateurs here, and they won't order a brew they'll hate. My yelper pal, Ryan W., knows tons more about wine than me and swears this place is legit. Something about 2009 and fires in northern California lending to the price and exquisite taste of his most prized selections. Mad street cred. As for snacks, there's the whole local sausage plate as well as some nice brownies. Yelpers who check in the first time can nab a sweet treat on the house! What a great business strategy. As far as the social scene, be prepared to talk with strangers. It's got that real neighborhood feel to it. Maybe you can challenge someone to a game of Connect Four! In a bustling urban center with no shortage of craft beer watering holes, this is another posh place to enjoy a diverse selection of beer/wine at a competitively low price. To me, it's a formidable option to pregame your night in CenPho, but not by any means the bar I'd consider THE destination. You'll never be able to bring a group, but you'll be able to share time with a best friend or two. If you're in the area, don't hesitate giving this place a try!
5	Hipsteriffic little offbeat beer/wine pub within walking distance (for me), and their happy hour runs until 8. Wow.The only downside: It's really small and is getting pretty popular.Hop on your single-speed and head up there sometime.
5	Something for everyone, if you like beer or wine. Yes, it's a little cramped, I call it cozy. Casual & relaxing, a perfect place for a night cap !
5	Amazing place!! We are regulars :) we love Greg, the atmosphere and happy hour wine selection are phenomenal!! You won't find a better neighborhood intimate bar. The patrons really add to the positive and fun vibe. A gotta must try Phoenix bar!!!
5	Amazing little nook.  A huge variety of craft beers and wine with knowledgeable staff.  Play some classic board games, meet fun people, and drink good wine.  Definitely highly recommend this place.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Great atmosphere, great people and great wine. I will definitely be back.
5	The Whining Pig really is a local gem. It's a very cozy place and I hope all these stellar reviews won't draw too much attention to overcrowd the place. Greg is great behind the counter. The drink selection is pretty impressive.  The prices, and their hours offered, are hard to beat.
5	EVERYTHING  about this bar is amazing!!!Happy hour is until 8pm - wine and beer around $3-4Full of childhood games to play whole you are getting hammered - operation, hungry hungry hippos, sock'em bop'em and tons of othersBartender is the friendliest ever!!! And very knowledgeableBar food is limited but absolutely perfect to snack on.I am from jersey and I got wasted for $45. Best ever! I will return anytime I am in the area.
5	Talk about a new low key laid-back barGrant  is the bartender his dad does the cookingHappy Hours always going onfun place to have quiet mellow conversations with your friends without the big crowdCome early because seating is limitedDress code: anything goes mostly Business casual
5	My roomie and I just moved into our apartment a few weeks ago and saw this place. The name was super catchy, so we decided to give it a try. It is amazing! In a city like Phoenix, where people hangout in their backyards instead of front porch, it's refreshing to find a wine/beer bar that encourages community. I have never been there and not met a new friend from the neighborhood. The bartender is hilarious and can always peg exactly what wine I'm in the mood for. Overall, I absolutely love it! I recommend it to anyone and everyone who enjoys wine or beer or community or all three! Seriously, the best discovery made since living in uptown!
5	I want to give this place one star so we can help keep the secret intact. But honesty is important, and I do have to say that our experience here on a Friday night (Valentine's, in fact) was super awesome. We had not expected such a distinctively cool little place in a tiny strip mall. A bar covered in shellac'd pennies, chalkboard wine and beer lists covering the walls, tight seating but not so tight we couldn't find two empty stools right at the end of the bar. Jovial servers (/owners), a great playlist, and Trivial Pursuit card boxes, plus random Valentine's candies, really made our experience stellar. Sadly, we were only visiting from Chicago; by the time we make it back to Phoenix, I'm sure we won't be able to get in the door. Well done!
4	I would go 5 stars if food options were better and they had some draught beer too. Pretty much every review I have read on this place is right on the money, so I won't elaborate. I can't wait to go back!
5	This is my favorite bar! I have been in Phoenix for a year and a half and have been looking for a small friendly wine bar and I finally found it. The owner, his wife, and dad are so friendly and always remember everyone who comes in. It makes it so warm and inviting!The wines are amazing. He has a huge variety and the happy hour is $5 wines till 8pm! The beer selection is huge too!I love how they have games set up around the bar. One night I stayed for two hours playing Cards Against Humanity with people I randomly met at the bar, Did I mentioned how warm and welcoming everyone is here??The cheese and meat platter is awesome too. It is huge and only $5.75. Such a great deal.
5	Great atmosphere! I went on a Friday night and it was jam packed. It was a lot of fun and they have several fun games to keep you entertained including old video games from your childhood
5	We went with a groupon. The bartender was friendly, funny, and helped me pick out a great drink. If you like games, come here. I even saw a copy of Cards Against Humanity in the back. That game is perfect with a few drinks!If you want a huge selection of beer and wine and some decent food, give it a try. I didn't see any taps but the selection of bottles is so huge that I was happy just trying something new.The specials are very fair. And while the chalk and wall can be intimidating I did not find it that hard to browse.It can get crowded and parking can be difficult. But it is worth it to visit this nice hangout.
5	We're biking over for happy hour tonight, so with looking forward to it all day I figured it was finally time to write the WP a review! Greg, owner/bartender, is extremely knowledgeable about everything on the beer and wine list. He is always in a good mood, dancing around, offering chocolate around the bar, and making conversation. Even with a packed bar he will be in front of you ready for an order if your glass is even close to empty. We've found several new favorites thanks to his recommendations.We are big beer people (Sam is a serious homebrewer) and the selection of good brews here is just absurd. What is even more absurd is the happy hour - EVERY day until 8pm?! Tack on the delicious cheese plate and damn.This is a perfect neighborhood bar unique in its small size and friendly atmosphere. The old board games and boxes of trivial pursuit cards are a bonus. Where else do you get to drink Bells Hopslam and school your friends in Let's Go Fishin? I share the sentiment of wanting to give WP one star just to leave more room for ourselves, but obviously couldn't do that with a business that is doing everything right. Pretty sure our home value went up just being near this place. Keep up the good work, Greg!
4	Answer these questions:1.  Do you like beer or wine?2.  Do you like happy hour that last until 8pm!?3.  Do you not care to have a big meal with your beer or wine?4.  Do you like old school games (board and various)THEN THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!Its new so I believe the staff consists of owners or family members.  The amount of beers and wines offered is vast.  Probably 40-50 of each.  Beers are can or bottle only, but since most are $3 during happy hour its awesome.  The food is the only downfall.  When I went the offerings were cheese and meat plate (2 options) and a ham and cheese sandwich.  I had the sandwich, it consisted of ham, cheese and bread.  However, it was $3, so I rolled with it and they use quality ingredients.  Go here for drinks with friends, but I can see it getting cramp if there is a crowd because it is tiny!  But, you can't beat the pricing.
5	I came into this bar several months ago knowing quite a bit about craft beer, but not much about wine.  About a dozen trips later, I have increased my craft beer knowledge and know more about wine than I ever would have frequenting another wine bar.Greg is a fantastic owner who truly cares for his customers, and it shows.  Excellent prices, long happy hour, and a constantly rotating selection of high-quality wine and craft beer have made this location my favorite location in the state, bar none.  Do they offer a limited food selection?  Yes.  Can it get crowded?  Yes.  Is it worth pushing outside your comfort zone and getting to know someone new? Absolutely.  At the end of the day, this place is a bar, and the best one in the city without question.  If I had the time and a liver fortuitous enough to be here every night, I would.
5	The selection is great! Very small and not for the claustrophobic, but definitely for someone who doesn't mind cozying up for a drink at the bar. Went in here with my mom for the first time, and the gentleman behind the bar (owner) was very knowledgeable in steering us in the right direction. Awesome happy hour until 8 and some yummy munchies for a meat and cheese plate. If you want to "get into beer," or already are...go here.
1	Just walked out. We went in and sat at the counter directly in front of the woman bartender. She never acknowledged us. We waited a few minutes, giving her time to finish what she was doing. At this point another couple entered and were immediately greeted and served.  We continued to sit, figuring we get served. Wrong!!!  In fact two others came in, were greeted and served. A second server came in and began assisting others, walking by us several times. We decided to leave and as we did the female bartender said, "Thanks for coming in". Serious lack of customer service. Went around the corner to The Vig. Excellent
5	If you want to see why they get 5 stars, come see for yourself. You'll see why very quickly.
4	Great new place! Bartender was friendly, food and drinks were good, and there were choices for this moscato and cider lover. Our Groupon was for a drink and a brownie apiece, and we ended up ordering the meat and cheese platter as well. It contained a respectable selection of sausages, crackers, and cheeses. There were old board games scattered around and we amused ourselves going through Trivial Pursuit cards for a while. I even saw Cards Against Humanity behind the counter- I assume you have to ask for that one. I loved the chalkboard menu and didn't have trouble reading it. I'm also sure that the bartender would have been happy to make suggestions if I'd asked.This place seems to have a few regulars already, which is good. Fair warning, it is a small place. If you are claustrophobic this isn't the bar for you. Tables are packed close and the space at the bar is close as well. If that doesn't bother you, you'll love The Whining Pig.
5	Still great and such a chill little place, but I still don't want you to know about it. It has nothing to do with there being a clique of regulars here that you will be excluded from, or with there being a secret handshake- no. It's such a small space with so little room that barstools are at a premium and very coveted.There aren't any taps but this is the best place in the valley to try a new (or new to you) beer.
5	This place is quite amazing. It counters the chains by being small and personable. The downside I guess is that it is small. Very small. You squeeze in at the bar and if someone passes behind you, it will not go unnoticed. The beers theat they offer is written on the wall, but I had hoped that they also would have a printout. Then again, if you dont want to read through all your options - just ask the man at the bar and he will hook you up with something interesting.This place is hard to describe, but they have found their niche. Read the other reviews. Better yet, just check it out for yourself. Totally worth it.
5	I love this place! I am so glad I found it via Groupon. Since the Groupon, we have been back 3 more times. The owner always has good recommendations on the wine (selection changes). I've liked everything I have tried, and the owner will also let you taste something before you order. The service is excellent, I feel like every time I look up to contemplate ordering my next drink, there he is! There's no food, but the brownies are good - the peanut butter especially. My only complaint is that it is tiny. It can be hard to find seats on a Friday night. We have gone on Wed & Thurs and not had a problem though. I will keep coming back to this spot as long as it's here!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this bar. The husband and I went here the other night to get an after dinner drink. The place was hopping on a Thursday night. We got a couple seats at the bar, which, as others have said, is really neat and completely covered in pennies. We came for happy hour and it is a mighty fine happy hour. Many many many beers for 3$ and an almost equal number of wines for 5$. The owner (?) was very friendly, perfect host, and had great suggestions and knowledge about his beers and wines. He introduced me to a raspberry wit called whitakerke rose.... awesome! He added a splash of champagne to it.... absolute perfection. He also encouraged us to play some games and brought them over (the bar has lots of board games, old schools games, and trivia cards). Additionally, with a Yelp check in we got a free buckeye.... this thing was good. very rich peanut butter and chocolate. Excellent! I will most definitely be back here in the future and suggest you check it out too.
5	Hard to imagine a better experience! Drove by on our way to dinner and saw that it was packed around 6pm. Crossed our fingers and hoped we would be be able to get in when we finished at Fuego Bistro.On our return we had to just pull into the front parking area and take our chances...So glad we did!Hard to imagine a more congenial and truly social setting! While it is tiny, the place is bursting with personality.  You will not only enjoy the company of Greg, but also the other patrons in the place.  Everything is set up to feel like you are hanging out a friend's party. Have since made a second visit with good friends and again, had a ball and Greg proved that he is an excellent host...I say host, because you do feel like he has welcomed you to back to his place.
5	Very cool place.  Fun games, good wine!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants to get off the beaten path and have some good old fashioned fun.
5	Love this place! There is nothing better than grabbing a stool here on  a Saturday after noon and relaxing with a delicious glass of wine or two. The staff and the prices here are only outshined by their huge drink list. Reminds me of a cozy little bar in NYC.
4	It's a tiny place, probably only a little bit bigger than my living room. It's got a cool vibe though, albeit a little bit hipster.  Seating is tight, friendly and limited.  There are games scattered across the penny-lined bar and the music is on point.  The green chalk wall has a list of several beers, wines and a few bites here and there.  Happy hour is almost like...all the hours they're open which is fantastic.  $3 beers. Anything from Coors to local Four Peaks to a pale ale called Monkey Knife Fight.  They've got a lot of stuff, something for everyone. ALSO THEY GIVE OUT CANDY. Soooo.Parking is difficult though, the only reason for the 4 stars and not 5. The lot is tiny and hard to navigate especially when it's peak traffic hours.
5	A great selection of craft beers and fine wines. Incredible friendly service. Wonderful meat and cheese plate. This place is beyond description. One cannot categorize this joint. You just need to experience the pig for yourself.
4	Real interesting place.  A little nook in a retail center transpired into something great.  Another example of Phoenix ingenuity by its owner (a father and son combo).  Go in here and check this place out.  They have games sitting on the counter, tight seating (yes, the back row is a little tight, and stools could be a bit more comfortable - when they are I bump this up to a FIVE STAR), and have a chat with the bartender/owner.  He is a real friendly guy, and he knows his beers.This is a good place if you want HIGH ENERGY and GOOD SPIRITS.  Swizzle is across the street and you can bounce from A to B and hit the "mystery shot" there.  Fun little corner and a job well done by its owners.ALSO NOTE - They have the game OPERATION - the old seventies classic.  Ask the bartender for the "free beer challenge."  There is one piece - (human organ, I forget which one) that if you get it out first time without making the light go off I believe you win a free beer.  My friend Dave and i tried.....but you guessed it, we ended up buying our beers!!! HahahahaTell him Attorney Steve sent you, the business and real estate lawyer.Have fun and FIND YOUR SIZZLE.Attorney Steve, the Business & Real Estate Lawyerhttp://www.attorneysteve.net
5	Found this gem while spending some time in the Phoenix area. Simple unbelievable. Excellent beer and wine selection. Very knowledgable and friendly staff that can answer any questions you have.This is a small place so I wouldn't recommend going with more than a group of four. I highly recommend hitting this place up during their happy hour. All beer is three dollars except a few select speciality beers that are either highly priced already or in larger bottles.They also have different games at the bar that you can play with friends such as Connect Four, Trivial Pursuit, and Apples To Apples.I do not have a single complaint about this place and whenever I'm in Phoenix again I will make it a priority to stop in.
5	I LOVE this place.  I've stopped in many times, and it's always great!First off, it's small and chill.  The walls are chalkboards, with all of their beer and wine selections listed for patrons to check out.  They have happy hour until 8pm, yes please.  They have tons of fun little games around the bar to play, including Cards Against Humanity.  The owners are great people, super down to earth...they play great tunes (which they usually are dancing to behind the bar).  They have a great beer selection (try Shake Chocolate Porter!!), which I swoon over every time I stop in.  They have a decent wine list and a few swine eats (hot dogs, ham and cheese sammich and a meat and cheese board).  It's the perfect neighborhood bar, no frills and laid back enough that anyone can just roll in.My co-workers and I stop in pretty regularly, and my most favorite time was Valentine's night where they had condoms on the bar for people to take.  The Whining Pig: where people can drink and get it on responsibly.
5	I heard alot about this place, but wasn't quite sure where it was at. Turns out its right down the street from my best friends moms house who I visit often. I pulled up on a late Tuesday night. And I don't know how so many people can fit in the place. Other Yelpers  weren't kidding when they said this place is small. But it also says that you don't have to have an expensive looking place to cool. I loved The Whining Pig as soon as I stepped foot in the place. The owner was real cool and gave me a little bit of his back story with the place. It was pretty damn inspiring and had me thinking how cool it is to see someone take a chance on a dream to be happy instead of playing it safe in job that provides security but your miserable. There was a couple next to me playing Uno. Which was a nice change of pace to see a couple in bar playing a simple card game over being on their phones. The beer and wine that I tried were both good. And with such a huge selection to choose from. I have to go back again and again. And I got a free hot dog!!!  Go check out the Whining Pig if you haven't already. A true american story lol :)
2	Not worth the hassle.  Too small and crowded for my group of friends to be able to chat or even sit next to each other.  Not nearly as large a selection as I expected for a wine bar - it seemed like they had one Riesling, no Moscato, maybe only one or two of most varieties.
5	If you're trying to feel like you are sipping a glass of wine in a big city, this is your place!  The Pig has great specials throughout the day up until early evening and great prices all other times.  Truly a unique place with a very passionate staff.
5	If you don't like friendly service, the nicest patrons and great food and drinks then this place is not for you.
5	Shhhhh Stop telling people about this place so we can keep it a secret! This is a great little place with really resonable drinks. The owner was tending bar and was very nice. He gave me a taste of the wine I asked for before pouring the glass and the prices were very reasonable. They have a huge selection of wines and craft beers. I love the atmosphere as well. It is not like anything else around. Lots of fun bar games, good company, good bartender, great prices!
5	Small, but tons of fun! unremarkable strip center with an unremarkable facade. However, what lies inside is quite good. A small place almost completely consumed by the bar itself. Large selection of beer and wine. We sat near the front window. Chatted it up with a bunch of other patrons. You can't help not talking to people. Just a fantastic vibe in the place. Every so often a classic comes on the stereo and the whole bar starts singing along. Join in and have some fun. Try your hand at Rock'm/Sock'm Robots as well. N*joy....
5	Great place to catch some great music, wonderful atmosphere  with drinks and friends.
5	I love this bar and I can't say enough great things about it! Greg is always very welcoming and very knowledgable about wines and beers to help me find the perfect selection. Best bar in Phoenix!!
5	Love this place!!! Greg is awesome, and he really takes care of his guests. Great place to drink yummy wine and beer. Feels like your in someone's home, in a good way. Great selection, awesome happy hour!
5	They have alcohol, games and character. Come with an open mind and a willingness to search for parking. It's a hole in the wall place with an eclectic mix of customers. But you will all have one thing in common... You like to drink good things that are cheap and local! They have some food that can get you by if you come hungry. Definitely a place that you will want to become a regular! I will be coming back, but I will probably ride my bike next time!
5	As many reviews here state:  Small.  But as my five stars state: Awesome!  So I was going on a blind date and she happened to be living in the area.  It's a bit of a drive for me, but it was near her so I figured this would be a prime location.  I showed up with the usual fears one has on a blind date:  Will I show up and have that awkward trying to find you moment.  Will the locale be good? Will it be conducive to talking and finding out more about the girl.  Will it be fun?Thankfully it was.  I showed up and had no difficulty locating her.  A quick walk in and you see the whole bar.  It's a U shaped bar with stools around it.  A large board displays the beers and wines they have on tap and the bar the atmosphere is conducive to talk, basically you are rubbing elbows with the friendlly crowd within. The bar is owned by two guys, both of whom are nice as can be.  I walked in and the one of the owners was chatting with my date.  He was a bit blitzed, but he offered his seat immediately to me even though she had reserved one.  He insisted I take the seat and when I did, he plopped down next to me and talked with us.  The bar is small enough that it's efficiently run by one of the owners and his wife.  The folks there really like their beverages, and I, being a beer afficionado, was pleasantly surprised to find a broad selection of beverages to my liking.  So we get to the date, I'm a bit timid but the girl was beautiful and friendly, and the group was welcoming.  We talked for a bit, and marvelled over the games they had there.  They had one, which was Cards Against Humaniity, which we both loved but never got to playing because we were enjoying talking with another couple there. The plus side, people were super friendly.  The downside is that I spent more time learning about the other couple than I did the date.  Trust me, that was the only reason I would suggest any other locale for a date.It's a bit divey, much like a good college bar, but well maintained.  A single bathroom treats both the ladies and the gents, so no complaining about lines ladies, we both suffer. However, the lines weren't an issue, as many of the folks there.  It was a great time.  I got to try several beers that were new and unique to the area.  A huge plus.  I got to hang with some beautiful company and get to know some new folks in the area!  Eventually the bar thinned out, as many do at about 12 at night in Phoenix.  We lasted till about 1:30 and I got to have a little one on one time with her.  As I walked her to her car, which was in broad view of the bar, I got to kiss the girl.  We started, and as we went in for the second kiss, the one that's a bit deeper, we heard the bar cheering.  She was laughing so hard that more kissing was out of the question.  Thanks guys, worst wingmen ever!  That said, I was at Magnum's before this, so no matter how much water, beer, and chewing gum I had, I knew I still had the flavor of cigar on me. The date was impromptu, so I was thankful that I even got the kiss in the first place.Anyways, The Whining Pig is well worth the five star reputation that it's recieved.  Over 100 yelp peer reviews and it still deserves it.  If I ever get over the embarassment of being heckled at the bar, I will be back.  Lets face it.  I will be back.  As far as the second date, we shall see.  I know I wasn't in prime kissing mode and should I come back for another date here, I'll be more prepared!Good job guys.  You have an excellent establishment.
5	Loved it! Really charming. The bartender even gave me an apple to munch on when I told him I was a vegan. Very small space so keep that in mind, but we went with a big group on a Thursday and it was fine.
5	Absolutely love this place. Greg and his wife are a great team! Atmosphere is relaxed and local. This is a great weekday evening or weekend hang out :-)
5	What a gem! They have an amazing selection of craft beers to include brands you wouldn't even find in a Total Wine or BevMo. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and can make on point recommendations based on your taste and style. I'm not a huge wine-o but they seem to also be on their game in this department! Definitely be aware of the cramped space and limited seating- not a place to meet up with more than three friends. Cannot rave enough about their long happy hour time frame and discounted beers for $3.50!
3	I really don't know where the 5stars reviews are coming from. Ok... it is an unique place...  different. Great choice of beers. They could have more food options. Definitely too crowded. I felt like in an overcrowded train wagon. Too bad because I could walk there but I like to have my private conversation a bit more private, and something to eat with my beer.But you know what? Don't go by this review if rubbing shoulders with other guests is not a big deal for you.  Too many people gave it a 5 star. Maybe you will too.
5	This place is amazing! The ambiance is friendly and cozy, the owner's hilarious and the Happy Hour drink specials are incredible. My husband and I were able to try out several bottled beers for $3 each- they would normally be double that price. There was also a great looking wine selection. My favorite part of the bar is all the old games from your childhood (and new ones too- Cards Against Humanity!) to play while relaxing and sipping your beverage of choice. I can't wait to head back to Phoenix and try this place out again.
5	This is my new favorite bar in Phoenix; in all of Arizona I think. There are a couple of reasons for that. First; this is truly a unique and one-of-a-kind place. It is very small, so note this is not the kind of place to bring a large group of people. This is great for a small hangout or a nice casual date. But, this is also the appeal, its not some loud, crazy place. It's relaxing, chill and laid back. Second, the beer selection is amazing. They have an entire wall chalk-board of their selection or bottled/can beers; as well as a great selection of wines. This is also unique, because they have no beers on tap, only bottle and can selections. Now, not only do they have a huge selection, the two guys working there were extremely knowledgeable about all of them. They told us everything about each beer and made terrific suggestions when we asked.Third, they have happy hour till 8, that's crazy!Like I said, new favorite place.
5	What else can I say that hasn't been said in all of the positive posts here? Great, little bar with very cool and knowledgeable owners. One of the best beer and wine menus that changes up all of the time. Love this place and have gone back several times.
5	Awesome space. GREAT prices and selection. I'll be back. Thank you. Games were fun to play.
5	My new favorite bar! We were eating at the Texaz Grill & decided to come check it out one afternoon.  It's a super small bar with maybe 10-15 seats at the bar & then a few seats against the wall.  They have awesome little games like Connect 4, Rock 'Em Sock 'Em, Operation etc to play while throwing back a few.  The bartender was really sweet & since I'm not a beer drinker, she helped me pick out a beer to try. They really know their stuff! The bottles of beer & glasses of wine are $3 until 8pm, crazy awesome! We really loved the vibe here, just a chill, no-frills place to enjoy some drinks, my kinda place.  Can't wait to come back.
2	We wanted to go as a group for happy hour, due to the phenomenal reviews on yelp.  We showed up with 6 people, walked in and were all shocked.  This place is super small.  Tiny, in fact.   In total I would be surprised if it sat more than 20 people.  Additionally, due to the small size of the place, it was incredibly loud.  Needless to say, we couldn't stay to experience the food and drinks, because there was just no room for us.  This would be a place to go at an odd hour, by yourself or with one other person max.  It's much too small for groups, and parking is confusing and/or unavailable for more than one car.
5	Wonderful small pub atmosphere and great selection of wine and beer. Can't beat prices. Camaraderie adds to its charm. My fav hangout.
5	Love it.. Wine, games, fun beers, pretty good sweet treats are all good but the service- that's where it's at. Dumb example: Greg once gave us a cookie for moving down a seat to make room. I'm stupid for remembering that... yes, but that's the way to present your business if you want to keep people coming back.
5	This space screams locally owned - BEST part about it! I was in last night, and many time before this, and just can't get enough of it. The owner Greg is very nice; and always remembers what kind of wine I like to drink. It's a nice added touch to the place! It's one of my favorite places to grab a drink!
5	Absolutely love this place!! Such an awesome idea having all the games.. We have a blast every time we come here. The place is a little small but it seems like everyone always finds ways to make room and we always end up making new friends. Owners are friendly and the wife makes delicious treats!!... Trust me, use your check in offer! Cheers!!
4	Super intimate.  Quirky board games.  And wine and beer! My kind of place.  If you don't really enjoy the person you're with--don't bring them here.  Also the free brownie they offered for a Yelp check-in was delicious, although it might have been the wine..
5	Best wine bar in town! Super busy during happy hour but still the friendliest place to be! Great selection of wine and lots of beer.
5	Small fabulous place, lots of choices for beer and wine! Leave all your.friends at home and make new ones when hanging out around the bar!
5	cool place, great happy hour, nice people
5	I have a blast every time I come here. Great wine and beer selection, you can play all sorts of board games with your friends. There is a family vibe here, lots of heart, U-shaped bar and great tunes. Plus they have delicious homemade goodies! The staff will join in on your games and are more than willing to offer wine/beer selections.
5	Small. Family-owned. Stocked w/ great craft beers and good wines. Fun 80s games that let you either relive your childhood or experience it without being as old! Oh, and Cards Against Humanity. 'Nuf said?Those are some of the elements that make The Whining Pig a success. But ultimately, it's the vibe that the owners have created in this closet-sized bar that make it what it is. If you're looking for a romantic wine bar atmosphere, a bar to take a large group of people on a Fri/Sat night for a fun night out, a quiet getaway, this isn't it. But what it is is a place where it's impossible to not be happy or have fun. It's about finding a few spots at the bar and making friends with those next to you, or across the bar. It's about trying beers or wines you may not have heard of. And it's definitely about that local bar feeling that is rare to come by outside of the East Coast.
5	Yay!  A place that offers happy hour on Saturdays until 8:00! You can't beat $5 glasses of great wine at this tiny place. We stopped in for a drink on our way to dinner, and ended up staying a couple of hours. If you dislike crowds, this is not the place for you, as it was packed the entire time we were there. The secret it out!
5	I cant believe I haven't reviewed the Pig yet...This is a fantastic little bar. They serve only beer and wine which is fine with me. There are plenty of games to keep you occupied and they are a great way to make new friends as well.Happy hour is all day on Sunday with a huge selection of $5 wine and $3 beer. The meat and cheese plate is good. I love the Shriner's sausage they use. That being said do not come here for a meal as the options are VERY limited. This is a place for drinking.*Park in the back...it is much easier to get out when you finally decide to leave.
5	Well came back to this place and it's every bit as good as it sounds. Great atmosphere, a TV if you're interested and the bar littered with good party games (Hungry hungry hippos, Cards Against Humanity, etc...) Good selection plus they serve their wine in beakers.... +1 for science.
5	Fantastic place! I stopped in when they first opened and you could get a parking spot out front. Met the owner and talked for quite awhile about the bar, its concept, and the law. Great and careful selection of wines and craft beers written on the wall and good noshing. Check it out for a different experience and great atmosphere!
5	My wife and I loved this place. Awesome happy hour prices (and length: 3-8; Sun All Day). Didn't try the food (I think they have some), but it seems mostly geared to the wine and craft beer. And I loved the craft beer selection. Social games available to play for free (Trivia Pursuit, Cards Against Humanity, Connect 4, etc.). We came on a Friday and it does get crowded and loud, so just know what you're getting into. I definitely want to come in on an off day when I'm sure it's a bit more chill.
5	Love this place. You get the east coast, well established place feeling. Can't wait for their next location.
4	Went to this bar for the first time this week for after work drinks. This is a great little spot! The selection is fabulous for both beer and wine! It is small and cozy with little games on the bar for fun. You can even bring your own chalk for the wall! The only downside is that it gets crowded and loud...but what's a bar without a crowd?
5	Nice comfortable neighborhood spot with a good variety of wines & beer. The meatb& cheese plate is also very tasty at a good prices
4	This place make you feel like your at home with friends drinking a beer . Love the theme and how you can draw on the wall with chalk . Theres game boards you can play . Its a bit tight in there . I like this casual lil place . Ill be sure to come more often now that I found it .
5	This place is soooooo much FUN!  The owner Greg is such a good guy; friendly,  knowledgeable,  never intrusive but always approachable and helpful.The wines are wonderful and affordable.  Great first date bar! You cant go wrong - check it out for yourself!!!!
4	The Whining Pig doesn't look like much, and that's a good thing.  I went there with a friend, and we ended up pulling the Trivial Pursuit cards and just throwing random questions at each other while drinking tasty beers and chatting with the proprietor.  Overall, this place doesn't put on airs to be something it's not.  And that means something.  If I want fancy drinks, I'll look for a fancy drinks place.  If I am looking for a quiet place to drink good beer and relax, this is the spot.
4	Great little bar!
5	Extremely friendly staff, and certainly a one-of-a-kind place in Phoenix. You can't beat the beer selection (creatively written in chalk on the wall). Oh, and the music selection is enough to stick around! A lot of throwbacks. The long happy hour is what initially made me stop in. They really have unbeatable prices till 8 PM!
4	The Whining Pig seems much smaller than what the room I imagine in Alice in Wonderland would be but I like it!Parking is limited.  Space is limited.  So if you are planning to make this a stop with 6 of your closet friends, I would recommend earlier than later. A great selection of wine and beer are available.  I had ordered the chips and salsa and I would recommend skipping this and getting the meat and cheese plate instead.  Great place to meet new people or hang and talk to someone you haven't seen in awhile and catch up!
5	Favorite bar! Always up to try new places and venture out of comfort zone and this was definitely the gem to find. Tender was nice, atmosphere was fun, and throw back board games while enjoying happy hour? Sold. Will be back soon
5	I live right down the street from the whining pig, and I went in this past weekend with a friend. Although super tiny, it's a fun and extremely friendly atmosphere. The staff and owners are really cool and inclusive. The menu is fantastic and the prices are awesome!!! I will definitely be back.
4	This place could potentially become my Sunday-after-yoga work spot.
5	Love this place! Who wouldn't love a place where you can drink and play games? It is really small, so it can get a little loud. It is easy to meet other people though, because of the small space. They have a great selection of wine and beer. The owners also make yummy little treats and pass them around for free :).
4	At first glance, the Whinnig Pig doesnt look like much and is very unassuming, but this place delivers big on wine and experience.Here are 5 things you should know about this place:  - Seating is limited (maybe 12-15 seats at the most)- Wine and beer menu is pretty expansive and written on a chalk board (list changes frequently)- They give you Smart water instead of tap (thankfully)- They dont really serve food aside from a meat & cheese plate, chips, etc.  - Environment is super fun so be prepared to have a great time (you could go there alone and easily come out with 5 new friends)Its located in the middle of small strip mall next to a salon and few other stores.Parking is available in front and back of the buildingThis is one of my favorite places in Phoenix...definitely check it out!BTW they have happy hour all day Sunday!
5	This place is just as good as every review you read. Happy hour lasts till 8 with great prices. Not to mention a expansive selection of all craft beers. Which are included in the happy hour (because that is pretty much all they have and that's great!) The atmosphere is fun. The place is small but they are great at keeping your glass full. Will be a place we go back to often.
5	Hidden gem. No really, it's kind of hard to find... But very worth it. Great wine list and amazing beer selection. And fantastic happy hour!!
5	This has to be the coolest little place to get a drink in Phoenix. It's super cozy which makes it easy to get lost in conversations with the people you come in with or otherwise. This is the kind of bar you go for great wine, tasty beers, good convo and a game of cards against humanity.The bartender, Chris, was friendly and very helpful and the cookies were a nice touch!
5	Greg makes sure to take care of everyone in his bar. His knowledge about wine is unbelievable! The relaxed, welcoming ambiance to EVERYONE its remarkable. Now, opening the Pig's Meow he is just expanding his greatness in town. Cheers to your success  buddy!
4	I went here based on yelps review.  I remember walking in and being like, wow this is the 5 star place?  its very small, i mean very small.  You need to be slender to move about here ;)I ordered a couple of drinks, and wasn't really impressed with any of them.  The atmosphere was fun, people seemed happy to be there.  The staff appeared happy to be there.  It was packed (considering the size) I had to sit on a beer box, and yes that is normal there.  I guess a good word to describe this place is intimate.  On the black board it says, highest rated bar on yelp in the USA.  As i read this, I turned to my friend and said I don't know how they pulled this off.  Well as I said that the bar tender started handing out complimentary frozen gummy bears!  Apparently the key to my heart are frozen gummy bears.  What a nice touch!  It raised the mood.  So this made me realize how this place works.  They do stuff that not everyone does, and often it has a positive impact on the atmosphere.  They also had loads of little cool games that people can play.Overall worth grabbing a drink!
5	Loved this place! Especially the BBQ Zin, fun 80s games, unexpected pizza delivery and the awesome dancing bartender! Very SF-like vibe right here in Phoenix. Can't wait to go back and meet more locals.
5	I did not expect much from The whining Pig for some reason, but it's super duper awesome! It's the perfect neighborhood bar - small (like tiny - seats 15, I'd guess), has all kinds of fun games to play while you're hanging out with your friends or making new ones, friendly bartenders, and CHEAP! HH started again at 10 (or 11?) and then wine was $5/glass and beers were $3! Ps, they have a great selection of craft beers. I wish it was MY neighborhood bar!
5	Yes it is small. And that is where the magic begins. The energy is strong and Greg is an amazing bartender/host. Tell him what you would like and you'll get a spot on recommendation. The cheese and meat plate is a perfect accompaniment to whatever scrumptious beer you fall into.  Get in here and don't be shy. Try several and see what is out there. You will not regret spending even just an hour at Whining Pig.
5	This place is awesome - I wish we had something like this in Vegas. It's a TRUE locals bar... it's super tiny and the owner (Greg) knows everything there is to know about the beers and wines they offer. His recommendation for what I wanted was spot on. Their happy hour is outstanding... my co-worker and I indulged in several beers among us and our bill was $36. Score! The place is fun and funky and Greg definitely has a passion for people and booze. Perfect qualities for a bar owner. :-) I would definitely return here when I'm in Phoenix. A cautionary note: food options are packaged and very slim so don't go when you're ravenous!
5	Love this spot! Atmosphere is great. Selection is incredible. Happy hour is too good to pass up. Their sister location, The Pig's Meow, is just as awesome. I went twice in the first week of opening.
5	I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  This bar attracts the friendliest group of people, I never leave without making a new friend.  Excellent selection of beers.  If beer isn't your thing, the owner/bartender is very knowledgeable on the wines he carries and can help you find something perfect for you.  I could sit here for hours and drink and play Cards Against Humanity all day long, if only it were open all day but it doesn't open until 3:00 pm.
5	Everything a bar should be. A fantastic happy hour with a large selection of craft beer to choose from, nostalgic games from your childhood, excellent musical playlists, frozen gummy bear treats, and a staff who truly wants for you to have a solid time. So glad I stumbled across this gem - it's one of my favorite places to my nights out.
5	Hey you guy's, I'm a hard core health foodie at heart, but this place is worth going to when you want to treat yourself. SO much fun playing the game's with my husband (took him on a date there:)The wine was AWESOME, the atmosphere BRILLIANT and the meat and cheese plate as well as the chips and salsa was so great. We will be back with friends, you should add a few more food options because you are about to be found by the public!!! YAY!!!!more on my blog if you would like to check it outhttp://chloefreedomblog.wordpress.com/
5	Looking for a Sunday Happy Hour, we checked out Yelp and one of the first choices was The Whining Pig.  After reading some glowing of the reviews, we ventured out and after having some trouble finding the place (it is on the same corner as Texaz Grill) we arrived.  Be advised the bar is very small, I think something like 450 square feet total.  Friendly service, great selection of beer and wine.  Want some water? They will pour that out of a bottle for you for no charge.  No nasty tap water served.  Want a spotless bathroom?  You will find it here, complete with a sunscreen dispenser of all things.
5	Great place. Great prices. Great beers and wines. And what everyone is saying is true, the place is tiny. But, at least to me, that's alright, it adds to the bar. It would be a different place if it were bigger. Instead what you have in the Whining Pig is a fun, cozy place where you can meet great people, drink great beer and feel at home. It's going to be hard for me to leave.
4	Love this cute little bar. My only complaint is by little I mean tiny. It gets packed people during happy hour cause the menu is good and very extensive. No draft all bottles/cans. I like the sweet white wines abd they usually have 2 on the menu. There is a chalkboard to write and draw on which is cool. Oh and some old school games. I keep coming back, everyone I bring there loves it too and plans to return.
4	Small, Quaint place.  Great service; she did it on her own!  Good music.  Good drinks.  Good food and games! Neighborhood crowd.  Pro: hot dog stand on the corner.  Con: not good for groups.
3	Found a small crowd here on Friday night. Read reviews about how fun this place would be, incorporating a small selection of games and great selection of mixed drinks, but felt understimulated by the lack of enthusiam the bartenders had. Maybe I'd give this place a try on an intimate date, but for now... I think I'll stay at bay.
5	This place is amazing. So many beer choices and awesome games. And the customer service hands down is the best I've had anywhere is a long time. And you can even get some of those tasty beers to go!!
5	If this place was in the Bay Area, you bet I'd be going regularly.  A tiny little place with mostly seats around the bar in a U shape and 1 bartender/host, it is definitely a cozy place.  They have everything good in my book: decent wine selection, great beer selection, lots of board games, reasonable pricing, fun chalk art on the wall and cute trinkets all over the place.  Our bartender was really cool and gave excellent suggestions for IPAs because that's what my BF loves to drink.  I've been getting into beer a little more recently and loved each of the beer he suggested.  Hop Juice was one of the best ones and he also poured me a strawberry cider that was super delicious without being too sweet.You can tell regulars frequent this place as the bartender/host/partial owner chats up with each of his patrons in a relaxed, friendly way.  We played Connect Four like champs and had way too much fun.  We were going to bar hop that night but this place was so great that we ended up staying until past 2am.  Even though the bar closed at 2am, our bartender was super chill and just let everyone hang out without rushing people out the door.Man, I love this place.
5	Greatest Place Ever Invented. And now there's two locations. Heaven on Earth.  Cheers!
5	Excellent selection of wine and craft beers at reasonable prices. What a great concept!  Great atmosphere with the old-time games in a great place to meet friends.  The soundtrack is almost as good as Windsor!
5	Best place ever for happy hour!!! They offer $5 wine and $3 beer until 8pm, and are always packed. So many options for wine and beer, and such good company.
5	I am in love with this place!For such a little place, who would of think it would be so much fun!Every time we go, we have a blast. They have great selection of wine and beer. Did I mention a great selection of grilled cheeses that they have? They are absolutely delish. Order up people. The atmosphere is always awesome. People that work there are extremely friendly and have great knowledge of their products. You are never ignored at this place. Even if you went all by yourself, you would feel like you are in a company of so many friends!They have several fun games all around so you are never bored at this place. Also, take an advantage of chalk wall and leave your prints. I forgot to mention that this place has been most yelped place in the entire USA! Yes, entire USA. You must check it out and believe me, you will not regret it!
4	Beyond cute! This tiny gem tucked next to Texaz grill is an example of what is right about North Central Phoenix. They have a great selection of wines and beers from which to choose. I'd be hard pressed to suggest anyone canNOT find something to suit their fancy, here! The decor is adorable, from the penny-lacquered bar top to the actual seating arrangement and the chalk painted walls (yes, that is a fading design trend according to Home & Garden and Elle Decor, but it makes for some fun hangman time - and, in this space, it just works). The atmosphere sets you up for fun interactions and a nice time. We went there on Halloween and quickly found ourselves imbibing of the prosecco and a community (ie the entire bar got involved) game of Cards Against Humanity. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and I believe their enthusiasm and attitudes lend to the overall friendly, cozy, feel one gets walking inside.
5	There's a reason this place was voted the best soccer bar in the country. On game days, the atmosphere is the closest you can get to actually being in the stadium. Supporter groups from teams in England, Spain, Germany, Italy, , among others come here to cheer their team on and taunt their rivals. All friendly, of course. There are 3 floors with TVs everywhere so you always have a good view of the game. Multiple games on all at once too.The staff is quick and friendly and know their stuff. This place is a must for my friends and I before taking the nearby PATH train to Red Bull Arena.
4	Great variety in choice of beer and wine- however felt seating was uncomfortable and had higher expectations from other reviews - place was simple and cute but in my opinion not a must see.
4	This place is awesome. The wine and beer selection is fantastic! Greg, the owner, is very personable and the place is always packed with great people. You must check this place out.
