5	This is a great little shop that has great deals on wine and has a decent beer selection.  Don't miss the free tastings every Friday!!
4	Whether your looking for that one bottle of vino or want a nice atmosphere for tapas and flights of wine this place has it all. We've been visiting this little "shop" for a few weeks now and keep finding little gems on the menu or shelves each time we go. The owner, Conrad, will help you find your wine or even order it for you. Their menu is very appetizer or small plate oriented highlighting local foods or handmade fares. Looking for nibbles? The chhese selection is great!All located in an unassuming little retail front a comfortable wooden atmosphere awaits you. Great for meeting with friends or colleagues. They even offer a wifi service for the afternoon coworking.
5	You know, I've been in this particular strip mall a million times and it wasn't until last Friday that I stopped in the Wine Shop. The outside is a little deceptive, for pretty much all of the businesses in this particular strip mall. The exterior is dull and brown and a just nondescript - it doesn't entice me to visit. But wait until you walk into the Wine Shop. I think I heard the wine angels start singing - it's lovely! And well laid out, warm, inviting and staffed with extremely nice and knowledgeable folks.I noticed a semi-weathered sign outside that mentioned a new "tasting machine." Well, clearly I needed to see this tasting machine. It.Is.So.Cool. Quite literally, it is a machine that spits out 1 oz., 2 oz., or 4 oz. tastings from varying bottles. Leslie, the sweetest employee, added some credit to our Wine Shop tasting card and ran it through so we could give it a try. I love cool toys that provide alcohol. We ended up purchasing a bottle of vino that was on super sale and really just enjoyed walking around and discovering this awesome wine shop so conveniently located off of Park Rd. I still have some cash left on my tasting card, but I think I'll be back anyway to grab a few more bottles!
4	Hello...there's a wine store on Park Road in Dilworth. Earth calling Todd...wow, never knew this was here. I should drive with my eyes open I think. Anyway, very nice selection of wines from all over the world. They have some great specials and the staff in informative and helpful. You can also get a wine card for tasting some expensive wines while you walk around the store. 1 oz, 2 oz or 4 oz pours with prices for each. I'm a fan and will be back soon for some purchases!
5	I am definitely a fan of the wine shop.  What a great little afternoon surprise I walked in with some girlfriends on a sunny afternoon to purchase some wine of course and then came across the most exciting invention I have seen in quite sometime.  Ok ok so maybe I just haven't been out shopping for wine in a while but those self served wine tasting machines are the BOMB!  I love that I can take a taste, or a big taste of all kinds of wines from all different price ranges.  I may not be anywhere close to wine country but this makes for a great afternoon of fun :)On a side note the staff here really knows their wine so feel free to askquestions.
4	What could be better than a wine tasting...well the answer is a wine tasting anytime you want one! Some of my friends and I were out to lunch one day and decided to stop by the wine shop. Well we were very quickly introduced to one of the best inventions EVER... a self serve wine tasting! There are 3 machines each holding 4 bottles of wine. All you have to do is put however much money you want on a card and then you just slide the card into the machine and start tasting. You can choose taste,  1/2 glass or full glass and the prices vary for the amount you choose and by wine. We had a great time and found several new wines that we really liked. I recommend that everyone treat themselves to a self serve wine tasting!
4	A great little local wine store with knowledgeable owners and a good selection at all price points. While I know North Carolina wines are still "growing up," I do wish they had a bigger selection of local vino.
4	Firstly, I know nothing about wine. Secondly, I don't even drink. Consequently, my rating is based on my experience and the the feedback from those for whom I purchased the wine. Shopping here was simply great. The customer service was excellent (a number of great recommendations were made). Most importantly, my better half was really happy which is always a good thing.Highly recommended.
4	I love the tastings on Friday evenings and the snacks are always a plus... The workers are knowledgeable and helpful... My favorite part may be the tasting machine...  There are about 12 bottles in it, you put the money on the card, card in the machine and the wine comes out... Tastings can be as low as .60 up to 2.00 or so... It's great if you want to buy that expensive bottle, but make sure you like it first... lol
5	Excellent product with the perfect execution.Not only is it wonderful to be able to sample excellent wines without having to buy bottles, but it's an amazing variety.  The environment is warm and inviting while offering a wonderful selection of bottles.  We recently visiting the Burgundy region of France and so many of the better selections are tough to find.  Not the case here... we were excited to find some of the better wines of the region and at fairly reasonable pricing.This is only a mile from home so this may be dangerous... but we have certainly found our preferred stop for the random evening tastings that we enjoy.
4	Perhaps not as many tasting options as some of the other tasting-machine places offer but WAY more selection overall. They had great prices, wonderful wines to choose from (they are organized well), and even a few chairs/tables to sample their wares during an extended stay.I would highly reccomend this as a first stop on a date night or a place to gather with girlfriends. They do close a little early 6pm on weekends though...but it still is a really fun place to go for any wine lover!
2	If you want to be ignored by the staff, come here. We gladly emptied our tasting card and left without purchases. Perhaps we weren't their typical customers and they couldn't be bothered leaving the desk behind the glass at 1 PM on a Tuesday afternoon.
5	Great wine shop with weekly free tastings on Fridays (with cheese!) There's also a self serve wine bar with 12 different wines on tap; you can buy a taste, half glass, or full glass and it's priced accordingly! Many of the tastes are less than a dollar, half glasses around $1.70-$5.00. I love trying a taste of expensive bottles (though most are very reasonably priced) and then having a glass or two with friends. The staff are great, and know their wine!
