5	A few months ago I committed the ultimate OMG moment with my cell phone. Yep, I dropped it in the toilet. No problem I had "insurance" at Best Buy, right? No, that is not how it really works, after such TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE service at BB I thought I would try this Verizon store. I am so GLAD that I did. The owner was fantastic on my first visit and I knew I had made the right choice. So a few months later I dropped my phone again, thankfully not in a toilet but on the ground and shattered the face of the phone. It was this visit that I met Briana and she was so accommodating! Not to mention so incredibly knowledgeable! I had managed to make it so my text messages only would work with an internet connection so I popped over there today and Briana fixed my cell and was just so fantastic! I think what I like so much about this store is that everyone is so patient and knowledgeable. Thank you guys for doing such a great job!  Ms. K. Willson
1	Went to this  Verizon store yesterday and they had the new iPhone 6 in stock, but if you wanted to buy it you HAD to buy the accessories pack( car charger,Bluetooth,screen protector and case) even if you didn't need them! I talk to the District Manger and he said that was the only way they could sell the phone because it was sku'd that way from Corporate in there system, he had no other choice but to sell it that way. If you didn't want the accessories you could order the phone and wait 4-6 weeks. Odd since other retailers that sell Verizon phones didn't have to sell it that way. Their customer service sucks! Way to force a purchase onto your customers. Sounds kinda fishy! They have lost my business and I will be telling everyone I know to NOT SHOP AT THIS STORE! I asked the salesman what do I do with accessories I don't need? He said " you can sell them on eBay".... WOW really!?!? I'm not a sales person for a reason. JERKS
1	These guys are shady! They prey on you like used car salesman and the two (yes, TWO) that were helping us were not even on the same page. They tried to talk us into a "promotion" that would lower our monthly data, however that then turned into us having to purchase two iPads at $49.99/ piece. I was honestly so pissed n frustrated that we just walked out (and I am usually not that rude). We will drive further just to be tested with respect
