4	The original Vittoria restaurant (they have another on George IV Bridge in Edinburgh), family friendly and great service. The food's good too, lots of lovely pasta dishes. Generous portions.Seems quite tight for space, but like it's sister premises on the bridge, you'll be surprised how big it is downstairs!
3	This is a good place with decent Italian food. Might even be the best I've had in Edinburgh. Mind you, I come from a place that's fairly awash with really good Italian, so it's a bit of a struggle to impress me in this arena. I like their pastas and they have good pizzas and nice salads. And I'll admit I haven't tried much else. The service has always been friendly.The best thing here has to be sitting out front on a nice summer day. They have a large outside area positioned just right to get the afternoon sun, and when it's nice out it can be a terrific place for a glass of wine between friends. Inside (as has been previously noted) it's a bit tired, though I've seen far worse.If you're in the neighbourhood and craving Italian, this would be the place I'd point you to.
4	I often hear people to refer to Vittoria as one of the best Italian's in Edinburgh. This could be true, however as I don't often go out to eat Italian food I don't have a lot to compare it to. Vittoria is a family owned restaurant and I almost feel like I was reminded of this at every opportunity. Which is fair enough for them to be proud of their successful family business. The menu is your standard Italian of pizzas, pastas and meat dishes. I had a pizza which I really enjoyed, freshly made and crispy with the right amount of toppings- not too much and not too little. My boyfriend had a calzone which I was pretty jealous of. Huge in size and packed full of meat he inhaled it quite happily. Me being a pansy, little girl couldn't finish a whole pizza so they kindly boxed it up for me. Tasted just as good the next morning for breakfast. The service was actually really good with friendly waiters and prompt service. I will most likely return here as it seems like a safe option for good, hearty Italian food.
5	Italian is my favourite food, something about the flavour or the portion size just makes me happy. I was told about this place last year by my friend. Every time we met he would ask me if I had been, I was beginning to think that they hired him for PR.I'm going to say something controversial, but the food in Vittoria is better than what you get in Italy. Usually the first time I venture to a new Italian place,  I get Spaghetti Bolognese. Because lets face it, if they can't get the classics right, there is no hope.The meat was fresh, the pasta wasn't overcooked and soggy and the sauce was nearly a sexual experience. The staff we're all really friendly too. This is a family run place so it feels like your guests in their kitchen and the service was amazingly fast.Stop reading, just go.
4	Vittoria Restaurant on Leith Walk has been around since the 1970s, which I think is brilliant, as it makes this a bit of an Italian legend on the Leith Walk/city centre scene.The focus here is traditional quality Italian food straight up, so if you want a hearty portion of your favourite traditional pasta dish, or just a taste of something that is wholeheartedly home cooking, then Vittoria is your place. Being family owned, the feel of the restaurant is warm and welcoming, and the staff are cheery, friendly, and ever the Italian charmers. You just get that no nonsense, community, relaxed vibe about the place, so you always feel entirely comfortable coming in for a meal.There's an extensive breakfast, lunch and dinner menu, so you won't be stuck for options, even if you're a super fusspot when it comes to eating out.
4	We stumbled upon this little gem after a night at the theatre. The staff were very friendly and helpful, food was very tasty. Not at all expensive. Well worth a visit.
3	My first course was the special of the day and quite interesting: "Capesante": scallops, black pudding, pancetta, and green pesto dressing. The pancetta went well with the scallops as well as the black pudding, but the two latter were more coexisting peacefully. My sea bass main course was fine but not outstanding. The daughter had a pizza, which was very cheesy, and she was happy. I have forgotten the glass of wine but it went well with the food. A glass of Aberlour afterwards helped with the cilly temperature on the way back to the B&B. A fine meal but not a must-visit.
3	Myself and boyfriend decided to pop in for some dinner on Friday night. We luckily got a table that we had until 7.30 ( we arrived at 6.15pm) so that was fine as we were pretty tired and didnt want a late night.We were promptly taken to our table, we decided on a beer and a Margarita. Lush!!!!The for starter we had the meat antipasti that stated the usual 'meat, cheese, olive oil, bread etc, but when it arrived their was a great selections of salami and chirizo, but only a small 'dollop' of cheese and 2 tiny pieces of bread, along with a slice of melon...still i fab stack of pickles and olives, we ofcourse had to order a basket of bread...i wanted cheese! like at least a couple of choices!!...I love cheese!! For main, Robert ordered the pasta that he said ' it grew on him'  and I ordered pizza, unusal for me as i would normally always choose a pasta dish, the pizza was above average, and overall i enjoyed my meal, but then i have been on a big diet recently, so maybe anything more than 500 calories would be fabby to me ha!! Would i go back?? No, however and a big however....i have had a takeaway pizza from here and they are much better! Defo for takeaway and cheaper!!
4	Is there a better way to enjoy your meal? - Not on the day we visited Vittoria Restaurant Leith. The Sun was out, the terrasses filled with Ra-worshippers and the drinks were flowing. That was our idea, Anita A and Tanja R got us a nice sunny table on a crowded terras. The waiting staff was busy, but trying very hard. And hard it must have been as they were fully dressed while the most punters were full on their way of getting drunk (in the most sophistictaed way only, mind you). I ordered my Beer and it took about 3 chase ups to get it. - after that all was going swimmingly. We ordered a meal (Pasta Carbonara Classico), bottle of wine and dessert (affagato)It was all yummy and well done to the waiters! (and I have a better tan now as well)
