1	came in looking for basket and ended up being yelled at by the manager (fat old gray haired man) "don't steal any of that shit!" not satisfied with the service we left and as we were leaving he continued to shout at us 'HEY!" and never looked back. they judge you the instant you walk in. every time i walk into that shop they go straight to somebody else.
1	I recently bought a new bike (definitely not from here) so I was just checking out the local bike shop for a few accessories. As soon as I picked up a bell, the person behind the counter stopped helping customers just to yell "You better not steal any of that shit!" to me. Are you serious? Right in front of other people? I even looked back at the man to see if he was smiling and that was just some type of strange humor, but his face was completely serious.I immediately dropped the item, and left the store only to get chased by another shout, "HEY!", as if I had stolen something. Honestly, from what I did see, there wasn't anything even worth stealing there. The items in the store weren't anything special. Never in my life will I EVER step foot into that building. That may be my local bike shop, but I'd rather travel a much further distance to another shop than have to deal with someone assuming I'm some sort of delinquent.
5	good shop, really friendly and these guys know what they are talking about with the high pressure upsells. I have found my new home for my cycling needs. I recommend.
5	I found this little gem of a bike shop on the map as I noticed that my MTB tires were waaaayyyy too low for riding on the road while I was in Vegas on travel.Jay, the owner greeted me with a smile and welcomed me into the shop.  When I asked to borrow a pump, he beckoned young Jake (token shop kid...super respectful) to help me. He even told me that TJ Lavin lets some of the local kids go hit the dirt jumps at his house a half a mile from the shop....props, TJ.After letting me use his shop stand to wipe my chain and giving me some lube, Jay shook my hand and told me to "keep cool"...I don't often go to bike shops in SouthLV, but when I do, from now on it will be Southern Highlands Cyclery.
5	Can't speak highly enough of my experience with the two gentleman that own this place. The selection is great and the way I have been treated as a customer always brings me back. They showed me (total noobie) how to repair a flat, and have been great if my bike needs any tune ups. Really love their energy!WillJust 2 Guys Creative
5	I've now bought 2 bikes from these guys and I will continue to go back for my cycling needs. They are honest, give you a fair deal, and are as friendly as it gets. The owner Jay is a great guy and fellow cyclist.
5	I was asked to fill up a couple of tires with air or get them re-tubed.  So, since this place is close by, I took the time to finally get it done.  I was walking up to the door with tires in hand, and heard a voice say "Hey buddy! looking to get some air?"  So, we walked in the door together, he took the tires and filled one up and had to replace the tube in the other.  While he was working on the tire he made some small talk about bikes and trails to ride.  This store always gives me hope for the resurgence of smaller specialty stores.  So, if you are in the area, please stop by and give them your business.
5	The employees here are extremely helpful and friendly! They also have a great bike selection and are quite knowledgeable when it comes to specific types of bikes and what is best for you personally.
5	Bought my giant bike from these guys.  They are very friendly and ensure everything is correct with the bike.  I'm so happy with my bike, the price and the service.  They are not pushy, will buy from them again.
5	Guys are super cool.  Really only sell Giant, but for repairs and maintenance you can't beat them.  Always support your local shop.  (I've seen some bad reviews.  Honestly most of them are from local kids.  There is a problem with theft in the entire strip mall with kids)
5	Love Southern Highlands Cyclery! Jay and his crew are down to earth and very knowledgeable. Bought a bright new Giant here about 3 years ago and I'm super happy with it. They are always open to chatting about the bike, equipment, local routes, and whatever else! For the best service, get them a beer from next door first
