5	The long wait for a Phoenix location has ended. I watched as the sad abandoned Beefeaters building sat wilting away in the Valley heat. I waited in anticipation as the news came out but to only see a pile of heap, rubble and a graffiti tagged building as I passed by, day after day. I cried when the opening was delayed by two weeks. ( Yes, I was that impatient. lol) Finally, "Wala" it is done! I am now in, "Bookie Heaven." This is a multispace, unique location to include; the Indie bookstore, a southern themed restaurant from the Becketts Table chef, a garden store, and a bar. Should be great when it all comes together. Tonight was the grand opening of the bar, restaurant and book store. What a great evening. We love Changing Hands so are looking forward to many signing events and book browsing by that original stone fireplace. Since it was a dress rehearsal, so to speak, they still are working out a few kinks. One thing we noticed is that there is a long stretch at the bar. The space between the serving area and the seats is not user friendly.  If you are sitting in the corner you might want to move over so the servers can really get to you. We also noticed it was very, very hot in the store. I never complain about that so it must have been pretty miserable for the other shoppers. I am sure it will work itself out. The staff is great, so helpful and knowledgeable, and the selection is wonderful. They also have unique and funny shirts, wine accessories, trinkets, and gifts. Welcome to Phoenix Changing Hands. Daily shopping to ensue!
5	To say I am excited to finally have Changing Hands closer to me is an understatement.  The west valley is in major need of so many Indie businesses and thank goodness we have an Indie bookstore in the 'hood.  I was beyond nervous when I first donated money for the opening of this location and there mere days before it ended and several thousand were still needed.  But the community came through and from there I eyeballed the countdown like nobody's business!  My friend and I went to their opening night and we were not let down at all.  The parking lot was plenty big enough to fit everyone and the open space the bookstore is in has that warehouse feel to it complete with the 2 original fireplaces from Beefeaters.  The First Draft Book Bar is a very welcome addition to this location and I'm pretty sure I will be the owner of one of the bar glasses and T-shirts!  There is a large open space right behind the bar that looks to possibly be the spot for all the author visits and signings.  They won't have to move any bookshelves!  I can't wait!...especially since I was nervous they wouldn't host any events at our Phoenix location when I first heard it was going in.  Thankfully, they will start hosting events here in August (they held off not knowing if they would be open by then).  In fact, last night I preordered my book to see Damien Echols!  They have a restaurant attached and will soon have a garden store as well.  I'm now the proud owner of 3 books from the opening night and several photos to remember the nice evening at Changing Hands.  They have all the bookshelves I loved at their Tempe location...like top listed books.  But I especially love their Upcoming Events shelf because my favorite part of Changing Hands is their local events.  And just like at their Tempe location...they sell all the fun quirky gifts and stationary items.  The Phoenix location is nothing short of perfect.My only gripe was that it was too hot last night and they need to pump up the AC a little bit more...especially with all the windows in the two front walls.  Other than that...I will be visiting my local Indie bookstore a lot more now that it is within normal driving distance!  This could be super dangerous.
4	Heinz was right. Good things come to those who wait. 20 years after I first met Changing Hands in the old Mill Ave location, the newest addition to the CH family is worth the wait (and trek into Central Phoenix for the legions of suburbanites). I went opening night and am confident they will continue to get even better in the next coming weeks. As fresh as the opening was, everything, by what I could tell, still jumped heads over most, established businesses. The care and thoughtfulness put into the development of this shop is apparent, throughout. I can't wait to go back again, and again, once the immediate crowds of curiosity subside (just a bit; I don't want business to stop), and savor some of the fun wines and beers while browsing books. I tried a new IPA while there and was really tickled to see the creativity of the menu. In other words, I no longer have to trek far from home for my fill of literary love... and there's beer. So, pretty much, I'm ready to get down on my knee and ask Changing Hands, CenPho, to marry me. I see my gloating instagram posts, already, swimming in my mind. Books and beer. Changing Hands, you had me at hello.
5	I'm actually very upset by this bookstore....but only because it opened a couple of months before I will move out of Arizona. ;)  Although, I was content with book selection at the Tempe location, I am in LOVE with the Phoenix store and its hipster ambiance.  Even more interesting is the beer bar within the bookstore.  There is also an attached restaurant if dig southern food.  The used book selection is pretty slim but I'm assuming its because its new.  The presentation of books was clean and there were a lot of random but interesting paraphernalia (did I need a plastic squirrel that shot balls out of its mouth?). The parking lot looked plentiful but I did have to circle around twice and hover in order to find a parking spot (Note: I'm not complaining being that I'm an LA native).  But the best part?  Similar to Half Priced Books in Biltmore, it is dog friendly!  I called beforehand and they confirmed that my 4-legged friend was more than welcome.  Although I would never imagine a EtOH + books would be a good combo, it somehow works and I'm hoping this will revive small business bookstores in general.
4	I'm new to the Phoenix area and scouting bookstores is always my first step in a new place. I had the chance to share a carafe of wine and some lovely conversation with a new friend here in Phoenix. I'm originally from Seattle and let me just say having a wine/beer bar in a bookstore is unheard of there. This is such an amazing idea. Drinking a glass of wine, reading a good book, chatting with neighbors..... heaven. The only reason I took off 1 star is because I would like to see more selection. There is a particularly weak children's section. The books that are there, are well curated, but I'd like to see even more choices. Maybe that will happen as the store is pretty new and just getting itself going. I hope you all will support this place. It's amazing to have a locally-owned, indie business plant roots in a community. So help them out Phoenix!
5	Hooray! Finally, Phoenix has a proper independent, locally owned bookstore that actually has a really good selection of books, gift items AND a coffee + beer bar. How awesome is that? It's significantly smaller than the Tempe location, but the environment and lay out is cleaner and spacious.
4	This is a pretty cool concept and I am stoke they have a decent IPA on tap (Bells Two Hearted).  The chairs are pretty uncomfortable and it feels like you are going to slide right off... Otherwise, no complaints!  PS the Bells 2 Hearted on  a Sunday at 4:50pm, was $5.
5	Call me old-fashioned, but one of my favorite pastimes is to visit a brick and mortar bookstore. There's nothing quite like walking in and immediately seeing rows of books. Each book takes you to a different world. Fictional characters beg you to join them on an adventure, while biographies urge you to read their story. Children's books come alive with imagination and mysteries set the stage for the detectives at heart. Sci-Fi books bring the adventure seekers together and the self-help books show others that there's always hope. How can you not love a book that helps you to escape the mundane steps of every day life and relax with a good read? That's how I feel at least! Changing Hands Bookstore is a true local gem and now they've opened a second amazing location. Over the years, I'd drive by this building several times and wonder about its history. Luckily Changing Hands came in and revived this unique building. Here lies a bookstore, coffee shop and florist. The bookshop is not just a bookshop. Wall space is filled with both books and locally made gems such as ceramics, glass, bowls, vases and more. The book selection is classic meets unique and everything in between. They have a children's section with great classics and a place for them to sit and read. They have a novelty gift selection perfect for scoring any silly gadget for a friend or loved one. A coffee shop lingers in the corner with a huge wrap around bar and plenty of table seating behind it. This is a bookstore where you can get lost for hours and wonder where the time went. Changing Hands is a special gem in this town and not just because it's a cool local business. It's because it's one of the last standing bookstores around and so it's important to support them so we don't one day wake up and find that the bookstores have been completely replaced by e-readers. Nothing beats flipping through the pages of a good book and I hope that our grandchildren can still experience that feeling someday. Now close the laptop and buy your book from Changing Hands instead!
5	This is my new favorite place! Great space, great books and a great bar! There really is nothing better than grabbing a drink and perusing the bookshelves. They offered beer, wine and a small selection of snacks (the southwestern hummus was fantastic) and there's plenty of space to hang out. They also had a great little reading spot for the kids equipped with puppets and fun books. Loved hanging out here and will be back often!
5	This looks like a great addition to uptown Phoenix! As an educator, it warms my heart to have a bookstore open up so close to the school I work at. I will for sure be informing my students about any future upcoming events going on here in the year to come. Once this location is fully operational they will also be accepting used books and selling them on the shelves. There is nothing I love more than sharing a great book with friends and community members. It is so important to have a great, fully stocked book store in town.This location also double as a coffee and drink bar. In the coming months they will be greatly expanding the available seating area so you own't just have to work at the bar. I am very excited to see what becomes of this store and the other available retail space at the Newton Shopping Center.
5	What a great place to relax and have a drink while studying, working remotely or just to buy a book!Anyone wanting to get out of the house and wanting to go somewhere quiet and cold to do nothing or any of the above should head over to this new Changing Hands location. I didn't look too closely, but I think it has a full bar, not just beer and wine, but not 100% sure.Great place to buys kids books, games and toys as well as thoughtful knick knack unique little gifts.For the parents out there, there is a weekly story time as well as a monthly costume dress up story. It's so hard to find kids stuff to do indoors in the summer; this is a nice little new place to take the little ones for the weekly story times...although they will very likely badger you to buy something because everything is displayed so attractively.
5	Ah, the joy of a strategically designed and placed bookstore, with management smart enough to through in legal intoxicants to lower the barrier to impulse buying - worked like a charm on me! I've been meaning to check out the new changing hands store for some time now and finally got the chance. I drove with a friend but it seems you might as well take the light rail as the bookstore and bar is only about a half block away from a light rail stop. Large airy ceilings and in the back, a nice bar area, with lots of surround seating and a lovely selection of brews on tap and in the bottle, several of them local. they also have a larger seating area behind the bar where one could have one of the noshes available from bar and read a book and hey if you like your book, you can buy it through the bar, genius! I also picked up one of their extremely cool beer glasses, which they also sell (ah capitalism!). It also seems changing hands is an anchor store for some great eating places right in the location - one is already open and does high end New Orleans style food and more seem to be opening in the area - a lovely synchronicity as the folks who can afford to eat at those higher end establishments have the discretionary income to buy quite a few books - overall, an extremely well designed business model for this area, on the part of changing hands ownership.My only suggestion, a collectible books area - that would fit nicely into this area and I think would tap into an undeveloped market for the area and hey, I like to collect old, old books so something to consider or to at least try - bottom line though, great place to hit when you are on the light rail and well worth checking out for those who like to read and enjoy a good glass of beer or wine. :-)
5	They have AWESOME GF options!! Once they change their opening hours from 10am to (god-willing) 8am then this will most likely be my new remote office.
4	Great drinks and wonderful conversation.  Great date spot or chill place with friends.
5	I love books, I love beer, and I love shopping. With that established, I guess it's safe to say that I also love Changing Hands. I am thrilled that they opened in Central Phoenix and have already visited multiple times to engage in previously mentioned activities. I'm looking forward to eventually going to one of their many book events. Glad to hear they also plan on buying/selling used in the next few months.
5	I can't help but give this place five stars. It's a book store, with wine. It's my adult Disneyland. The book selection is fantastic, the happy hour and bartenders are wonderful. I haven't used the outdoor patio but from the look of it, you can reserve me a table for spring. This place renews my faith in Phoenix, it's a must-see.
5	Addicted to this place and SO thankful they have a location in Phx now...it's the only thing I miss about living in Tempe and with bookstores closing at high rates, it makes me happy to know changing hands business model of new and used books will do more to keep this charming place around. Best place I can think of to kill time on a hot day in Phoenix exploring anything on your mind. I Love it! Doesn't hurt that Southern Rail is next door either!Check out their calendar events there is always something for kids and adults alike to attend and learn from.
4	I cannot say that reading is just what others called "pass time", because reading is the best moment of spending my time every day. And I want to thank changing hands bookstore that supports what I love to do. Every time I need something to read to complete my day I can always find it here.
5	Love, love, love the fact that we again have a good, independent, bookstore in Central Phoenix and especially that they opened in the old Beefeater's location! To give a little history, my wife and I held our rehearsal dinner at Beefeater's so I was very sad when it closed, but now to have a bookstore, restaurant, bar, coffee shop, and even a gardening shop in that space makes me happy.Changing Hands is nothing like the giant mega-bookstores you may be used to, but rather it takes you back to the independent bookstores of olden days where the workers and owners actually select the books that they sell, and have even read many of them. Whatever topic you're looking for, you'll likely find a selection of well written books in that area.And, they have a bar!!! Yes, a bookstore where you can not only enhance your mind, but do so while drinking a craft beer or glass of wine. What could be better than that.So if you're looking for something to do or want a place to go, check out Changing Hands... now in Central Phoenix!
4	I've been going to the Tempe location for years, and was happy to hear that they were opening a location downtown before I left.  I'm a huge fan of these guys, as it's the only brick and mortar book store that I will shop at.I have really high expectations for this place, and was torn about how to review it.  I mean, the place is awesome. It's and outstanding place any way you cut it, but there were a few things that I noticed when I came in here for the first time yesterday.For starters, the positives.  It's beautiful inside and out. I love how it looks from the street, and walking inside is really inspiring and makes me want to buy everything in there.  Place is clean, well stocked, and they have a really cool wine bar area that you can sit at with chairs and tables in the back for larger parties of 4 or so.  You can grab a book, a drink with a muffin and sit down and get lost in the moment.The downsides:I did not see a single cushy chair our couch.  All straight back chairs, nothing more.  Why is that?  Also, they have a very limited selection of used books here.  Mostly new with some sale items as well.  They also have the usual candles and knick knacks and such, but after I cruised, I realized this.Back in the day at the Tempe location, it seemed to be about 50/50 selection on any given day.  I never had a problem finding a used book for under $10 to read.  Now, I feel like it's mostly new books at full retail, with a limited used selection.  If I'm going to get stuck paying full retail, I may as well buy it on Amazon, which I try to avoid doing. I WANT to shop here. I WANT TO SPEND MY MONEY AT YOUR STORE.Also, you cannot trade books here, only at the tempe location. I am fine with this and have no issues, but would put it out there in case people are wondering.  I'm still a huge fan of this place and love it dearly.  I've just seen these subtle changes over the years, and it's at the point where I can no longer ignore it.Congrats Changing hands for opening this location.  If I still lived in AZ I would probably shop here more often and hang out.
5	Long live the local independent bookstore! In the case of my favorite, Changing Hands, they're actually growing! Walking into the Tempe store is like coming home to your parents' living room after being away at college... ahhh, the comfort of cozy quirks and smells. This location in the former BeefEaters is like coming home from college to find the parents have renovated and there's a bar where your room used to be. The shop always offers a treat and a gift for any occasion!
4	Awesome place great atmosphere. How can it get any better when you have a coffee and bar in a bookstore. You can order wine, beer or coffee and just walk around and browse the book aisles. They also have a lot of outlets to plug in your lap top and seating to read or meet with someone. Don't bring in any outside drinks though... They have an area with seating by bar with TV's where they play black and white old movies and have cool seating area where people meet, read and use your lap top but I recently had a bartender/barista/worker give me the stink eye for bringing in a iced coffee from somewhere else and she told me to not bring in outside drinks from now on. I do get coffee there but they only have one kind of iced coffee and that day I felt like a mocha coffee and brought it with me there but I guess that is against the rules.
4	Great place to grab an ice coffee and work on a paper. The music can be a bit distracting and the room echoes a bit (I think for lack of furniture). I like the layout and it is definitely a place to run in to escape the heat. Baristas are really nice and approachable. There are sometimes free pastries in a basket for anyone. Love the layout and the use of space.
5	This bookstore is a gem! The staff is very friendly and super helpful and I love coming here just to kill time whenever I can.Very large book selection and pretty good prices. Lots of fun trinkets and kitschy gift items for sale too! One of my favorite places to shop in Phoenix.
4	A book store with a bar? I'm there!Stopped in here for the book store and found out they have a bar, what a great idea! So I got a book and a glass of wine and sat at the bar while others had some really interesting conversations around me. The bartenders were friendly and very helpful, they had a great sense of humor and kept you engaged when you wanted to be.Check it out, its a fantastic place!
2	I hate to be a naysayer but I was not impressed.  Maybe I walked in with the wrong mindset, maybe I went on a slow day, but like I said, I wasn't impressed.  I was expecting a used bookstore, full of used books, but instead, all the books were pretty damn new,  with some claiming to be used.  From the reviews, I was expecting a quirky, fun place to hang out, but it was empty, dreary, and slow, with expensive, I daresay overpriced, little knick knacks.  I guess if I had walked in with a fat wallet, and expected a regular, run-of-the-mill bookstore trying to appeal to those who fancy themselves to be slightly obscure, it would have been great, but I guess it just wasn't my cup of tea.
