5	The staff and Reflections Med Spa is incredible.  Heather has done my Botox twice, and both times it looks so natural that people notice that I look younger but cant figure out what I did.  I love how she is honest and believes "less is more".   I would never let anyone else touch my face.(Also, Reflections hold unbelievable  specials on their services and products! My out of town friends get jealous when I tell them the great deals I get!)
5	I came to Reflections this afternoon for an hour long massage, treated by my boyfriend. The staff at the spa were extremely friendly and welcomed me upon arrival. Within minutes I was escorted to the massage room and received an excellent massage- a perfect mix of relaxing and working out the sore muscles. The price was extremely reasonable ($75/hour), which is less than I'm used to.I definitely plan to visit again on another trip to Charlotte.
5	I love Reflections Medical Spa.  Heather is a miracle worker with the needle.  I'm about to go in for my second Botox treatment.   If you want the natural filling of your wrinkles.  She does just enough to make it look like nothing has been done.  She takes the time out of her day to call you a week later to make sure you are satisfied with results.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	Warm and friendly, professional staff. I work in the esthetic field and see several medi-spas. I was thrilled with the cleanliness, and bedside manner Heather offered in our consult. I felt comfortable in asking many questions and she patiently answered all of them. I had a full syringe of Juvederm in my lips. With the numbing cream the discomfort was tolerable. With only 20 minutes downtime, only mild swelling and a pouty pucker, I'm thrilled! She actually evened out the asymmetry in my lips!!
5	I'm a few days recovery time from having filler done for my under eye bags. Heather did a lovely job.  She took her time assessing my face, explaining what to expect from the procedure and answering my questions.  Also, during the injections,  she was patient--letting me know when and what was happening. During the initial consult, I asked her about the Nefertiti lift, which she does, by the way. She advised me I was NOT a candidate. Not enough 'saggage' on my neck yet.  She could have done it if she wanted to take advantage of my vanity, but did not.  An honest lady!The facility is clean and comfortable with a helpful and friendly staff. I'd post a pic of my improved bags, but I am still bruised by the procedure. That's normal. I will surely go back to Reflections.
5	NOW I HAVE TO MOVE!!!! I was visiting my sister in Charlotte from Connecticut and have to say that this is the BEST treatment I have ever gotten.  Heather is a true artist when it comes to injecting Botox.  I actually wound up getting the other Botox brand (can't remember the name) since it was a little less expensive, and I absolutely love it! Well, either I need to move to Charlotte or will have to visit quarterly (I think my sister would not mind either option).  Highly recommend this establishment!
