1	Worst experience I've had at a restaurant in quite awhile. I understand that it was their first day open, but it was a disaster to say the least. I had high hopes of going to this restaurant because they had gluten free pizza & because I have celiac disease, I rarely get to indulge in such luxury items. I walked into The Rusty Onion with very high hopes. My mom finally had a day where she could meet me for lunch, so not only was I excited to try something new, I was excited to spend some quality time with her. Needless to say, our time was spent bickering and complaining about the lack of service we received at this restaurant. When we sat down our waitress came to greet us and she was 'less than pleasant'. She never brought us our drinks and we had to ask nearly 4 other servers if we could get a simple tea & water. After this 'fiasco', we had to ask a few other servers for straws. 30 minutes go by and we still had yet to receive our food. Like most average people of the area, we do not have 2-3 hour lunch breaks, so timing is everything. As time began to slip away, my mother and I had to ask to see a manager. The manager told us that they were very 'backed up' despite the fact that the restaurant wasn't even a forth of the way full. Everyone around us was either angry or getting up & leaving at this point. As you could probably guess, my mom and I had to leave when I had 15 minutes left of my lunch break. So not only did I leave angry, I left very hungry. The manger did however ask if we wanted 'to go' drinks. Apparently a 'to go' water was supposed to appease the situation. I assure you, it did not.
3	I had a great time. I hate that Ashley A. had a bad first experience, and truly hope that she will give this place a second chance. They might have had a rough start, but they definitely had their stuff together for the dinner rush. We got there and saw a couple of chairs open at the bar and decided to head over there. As soon as we sat down the bartender came over, introduced herself and asked what we would like to drink and if we needed menus. We ordered our appetizer while we sipped on our first beer - they have a nice selection to choose from by the way. When we got The Rusty Onion, we dug right in. It was a GREAT start to our meal. The caramelized onions, pita chips and sauce are a perfect combination, with just the right amount of spice. Shortly after getting our appetizer, we decided to go ahead and put in our dinner order.We couldn't choose just one pie, so we got two personal sized (10") pies - The Eye-talian Stallion and the Cheeseburger Dy-no-mite. I have been thinking of coming up with my own Italian sub-style pizza, before I really had the chance to do it on my own, BOOM! I find it at The Rusty Onion. The Eye-talian Stallion is exactly what I had in mind, plus some. The Kalamata olives and artichokes really make this pizza pop. The Cheeseburger Dy-no-mite is the perfect compromise if you can't decide whether you want a pizza or a burger, and it even comes complete with their special sauce drizzled over freshly-shredded lettuce. We couldn't have been happier with the choices we made.The food all came out hot and timely. Our bartender was very attentive, without being intrusive to our evening, and we ended up staying for a few more rounds than we had planned.  This place is a must to put on your list of places to try. I am looking forward to trying out more items from their menu.
3	I'm sure I will need to update this review in a few weeks when we visit the restaurant again.  We went on one of their first nights open, and I believe that you have to be patient with a restaurant that just opened!   We live close by and have been watching the space anticipating the opening. Great little pizza place with tons of TVs and local beers on draft.  The pizza options were awesome....there are a bunch on their menu I can't wait to try.  I ordered the cheeseburger pizza this time - it was good.  Our main problem was the appetizer we ordered was nothing like how it was described on the menu.....it was missing the spinach and pesto, plus they added salsa to the bread instead of bruschetta, yuck!   But after bringing it to the manager's attention, they fixed this and brought us a new one.  I would think that they would have removed this item from our bill, but it was still on there.
1	Ate there last Friday, sort of a taste test to see what they offer, my first time. Had The Rusty Onion appetizer, fried/baked flatbread pieces, with a thick dipping mixture and marinated onions, both in very small containers hooked to the basket of bread. Not very good, bread overdone, difficult to get both sides on it, and neither side all that good. Also got the Buffalo Wings, which only come in HOT, although they do offer other types of wings aside from Buffalo style. They were very hot, but did have some flavor. Unfortunately, the wings right around the corner in the same plaza, at Flip N Chicken, are much better, and less money. I then ordered a main course, the Meatball Ravioli. 30 minutes later, without anyone ever serving me the ravioli, I got up, left a $20 to cover what I had eaten, and left. Very disappointing and I won't be back, nor will the people who were depending on my advance scouting to see if they wanted to try it. Not impressed with the menu variety at all. Carmela's Pizza, the restaurant that used to occupy that space, had great pizza and wings. Too bad they are no longer there.
5	Finally a real Italian menu....best cheese steak this side of Pat's or Gino's......they got Wiz!  And the local beer selection washes it all down in style..... a new CLT landmark is born
5	Gotta say- they nailed it. 5-star draft beer list, great atmosphere, strong offering for a menu. Weston was our bartender. Knowledgeable about the menu-and recommended a couple of appetizers.  For a Sunday night this place was perfect.  They closed at 10, but didn't rush us out.  Finally found a place that Carmel Road needed.  Looking forward to going back with the gents and exploring the beer menu a little further
3	Do you giggle like a 16 year old boy every time you see/hear The Rusty Onion?  I know I do.  I am not sure why it sounds like it belongs in a dirty joke, but whatever.   I had seen varying reviews on Yelp, knew it was a new place to try and I needed to get fuel at the Exxon near it, so I figured I might as well try it out.Located in the pretty recently renovated Carmel Commons shopping center, on the Carmel Rd side near Great Wall of China South, the signage makes it pretty easy to spot.  At 5:30 on a Wednesday night, the eating crowd was light, but the bar was about half-full.  Several large TV's were in various places.  The restaurant has wooden tables chairs, high top tables with wooden chairs and seating at the bar.  They also had several iron tables and chairs on the patio, but July in Charlotte isn't always prime outdoor seating.  I also noticed that there is a big roll up door at the front of the restaurant - maybe for some fresh air when it gets cooler and doesn't rain every stinking day.  It was a nice looking place (I have never been to this location in any of it's previous iterations), but as with every new restaurant I have been to recently, it has finished concrete floors and an open ceiling which makes it LOUD - I mean deafening loud (which could be a sign I am getting old).  There were 3 tables seated and maybe a dozen people at the bar and I couldn't hear myself think.  I could only imagine on a night full of drunks and/or kids - eesh.  I had looked at the menu online prior to going and knew I wasn't going to pay $7 for 6 wings.  From another review, the app The Rusty Onion didn't seem to be worth the price either (though their apps were priced for what the going rate of most are around town).  Salads and sandwiches seemed to be reasonably priced.  Specialty pizzas are $13.50 for a 10" or $22.50 for a 16" (which made me cringe, that is higher than I have seen at Hawthorne's, Libretto's, etc.).  I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just went with a build-your-own pizza which starts at $9.50 and then sky-rockets per topping from there.  I just got a plain old white/garlic & EVOO sauce with mozzarella on it. The pizza crust was fantastic!  The last two pizzas I have had from other places (white pizzas, I like white pizzas, less indigestion...) seemed to be the new standard of a crust that tastes burned.  I don't like that.  This crust was substantial, just slightly thicker than thin, with a good bite/crunch to it that held up well to the very last bite with no flop at all.  I was a big fan of the pizza and would gladly go back to try more.For a basic build-your-own cheese pizza (no toppings) and water to drink, my tab was just over $10.  The service was fine, I had no issue with waiting an inordinate amount of time for my pizza at 5:30 - it actually got to the table pretty darn fast and it was smoking hot.  My water was kept filled and my waitress was pleasant.  Aside from it being very loud with some items a little on the pricy side, I would definitely return for the pizza.
4	I've been twice in one week. The first time was a Monday night & it was delicious! I got the philly cheese steak with sweet potato fries & cannoli to go. It was the best meal ever! I returned later that week, on Friday, to try the rusty onion app & get another philly. I was EXTREMELY disappointed second time around. Chips for app were burnt as were my fries & sub. I asked for no peppers but they still put red peppers - even seemed to notice the mistake before I left but still gave me the wrong sandwich. I'll give them another shot because the first time was so great but I was disappointed the second visit.The staff are friendly but seem lost at times. I realize it's a new business but I feel like they need more experienced staff that want to help, not staff that keep trying to pass the buck. I sincerely hope they read & implement the reviews they receive because they could be GREAT! Perhaps they need my expertise... ;-)
3	We liked the look of this new pizza place! The Rusty Onion appetizer was very good but overpriced for what it was. We ordered the Eye-talian Stallion pizza. The toppings were very good and plentiful but my family thought the crust was a bit dry and flavorless. The staff was very friendly. We'll give this new restaurant another try soon!
4	I have seen the sign for the Rusty Onion up for several months and was very excited to see that it finally opened. After reading several reviews we were a little hesitant to try it but chalked those poor reviews up to grand opening jitters.I'm glad we tried it out. I'm pretty sure the owner of the restaurant held the door open for us and welcomed us in. We were promptly seated and greeted but our super sweet waitress. We ordered a large pizza half mac & cheese and the other half Philly Cheesesteak. I really enjoyed my half of the mac & cheese. It was very flavorful and delicious. My husband enjoyed his Philly but suggested adding some A1 sauce.  The music was fun, the restaurant was clean and looked really nice, and service was great. I will definitely return!
5	Our second time here already and will be in often.  The first time both the food(pizzas) and service were excellent.  This time though we had sandwiches.  One word, OMGhomemademeatballs!  And not just so so home made meatballs, these were among the best I have ever had even from very good Italian restaurants.  They must be very popular as I saw several go to other tables and had to wait for a new batch which the waitress was kind enough to let us know about which is much appreciated.  The wait was not long and well worth it though.  Unfortunately the fries were also very good and kept distracting me from the sub and taking up valuable belly space.  I was finally able to stop eating them so I could finish the sub.  And the prices were very reasonable as well.The beer selection is also very good.  As others have mentioned there are other places with bigger selections but they seem to know what they are about here in deciding what to put on the menu.  Everything from Miller Lite to Chimay Reserve is represented with several selections from every style and a lot from local breweries.The service is also top notch and both times we have been the owner or manager has stopped by after we got our food to see if everything was okay.  They really seam to enjoy what they do and don't mind questions.
3	This place looks much better on the inside than out!  Good pizza (they offer pizza by the slice at lunch) but the menu is a bit over priced.   Pretty good TV coverage so it could be a decent watering hole in South Charlotte!  I'll be back...
3	We live very close to the Rusty Onion, so we pass it daily.  We were waiting, and waiting, and waiting for the restaurant to open.  We finally decided to try it last weekend after all the hype of a new restaurant died down.  After the anticipation, it just did not live up to it's hype and wait.  It is just a-ok.Service was not a problem, we were promply greeted and served.  We order some garlic knots and they came out very fast.  They were just okay, need more garlic and more parmesean!Kevin and I decided to make our own pizza.  The pizza was just okay, I do like the crust, but the flavor of the pizza as a whole, is just okay.  Other people complained about cost, you get a nice value with a large pizza, but for just okay food, it seems overpriced.  We did have leftovers, and the box they give you is not large enough unless you are fine with stacking slices ontop of slices.  I will say a plus is that their pizza does cook well and tastes the same as a leftover the next day.I think the reason this gets even 3 stars is because it is very convenient for us and I do like the atmosphere in the inside. However, the Chicken and Mexican places are a much better eat in this shopping place.
2	Along with the other reviews, we also waited and waited for the ONION to open.  We were hoping for good food and a fun bar to relax at close to home.  Well the bar part is great, the service is wonderful, the bartenders are great.  However the food really needs some help.  We have been there on 3 different occasions, the food was OK one time, and really not so good the 2nd and 3rd time. My boyfriend NEVER sends anything back, sent a pizza back.  They really need to work on adding flavor and being consistent.  We are hoping this is just a case of growing pains and the management and kitchen will figure it out.  Rusty Onion I hope you are reading your reviews, we really want to hang out there!
4	Went last night with my family. Kid-friendly, great pizza, great service, and good beer list.  The manager and staff were very friendly and said they will be starting Trivia on Thursdays and are open late for the late-night crowd. I see this becoming a popular place very quickly.
4	We went last night and each got salads and pizzas, beer & wine. Their ranch is definitely a winner - it would also taste great for dipping French fries.  My boyfriend got the Great Balls of Fire pizza, and thought it was good but wanted more meatballs on it, or bigger pieces of meatball. I got the Shroomin Fun Guy pizza which I thought was the best pizza I have had in years!!  Carmelized onions, goat cheese, arugula, mushrooms. They top it with white truffle oil, and they don't skimp on it like most places do. The flavors of this pizza are amazing. The service was attentive and the manager(?) also came and checked on us, too. Oh - and we took home a (homemade) meatball sub for my daughter and all agreed it was VERY good. We will definitely be frequenting this great neighborhood restaurant!
2	My friend and I Ike to try new places so we checked this one out.  The weather was nice and they had the doors open to the patio.  The greeter was friendly and the server was attentive.  The problem was the food.  The French fries were very under cooked and greasy, no salt.  The garlic nots were missing garlic and were relatively greasy and under cooked also.  The marinara dipping sauce was fairly tasty.  My friends Philly cheesesteak was very greasy with very few onions and peppers on it.  She did find one mushroom.  I ordered the Italian sub with no onions.  After picking the onions off my sandwich I found the meats terribly dry and the vinaigrette dressing seemed to be missing until the very last few bite of the first half of the sub where I found the bread soaked in balsamic vinegar.  The server apologized and the manager came over and apologized also.  He did want to know what the food issues were,, hopefully so he could correct them.   Our food was free and he gave us a coupon for future use.  I really appreciate his concern and graciousness and I wish him luck in the future but if he doesn't get his kitchen straightened out, I believe his restaurant will be short lived.
4	Solid option.  Great service, hope this persists after the "newness" has worn off.  Broad menu though I did go with pizza which was great.  I had been a regular Brooklyn Pizza guy but think Rusty Onion will be my new go-to spot. Went for work lunch so couldn't sample any of the extensive draft beers offered but will definitely return for dinner.  Amazing beer list.
3	Decided to try for the first time last night.  Really like the outside seating but bed careful not to sit too close to the air screen; it'll blow on you and your food! There was seven tables at 645pm, a little quiet but we were able to get seated immediately.  Our hostess gave us menus; when asked for a beer -wine menu she said all were being used!  Really? 7 tables!  But our waiterLuke brought the menus over right away.  He was vey friendly, attentive and knowledgable, especially when it came to the tap beers.  Great selection.It was half price apps until 7pm so we tried the charcuterie board; nicely presented with three meats and three cheeses, pepperonis, arugula, roasted strips of red bell peppers and slivers of Kalamata olives. Fair amount of food but for $10 at full price I would expect higher quality meats.I had the Philly steak sandwich all the way with onion rings and chipotle mayo dipping sauce.  The steak is shaved in house, tender and plentiful but could have used a little seasoning.  Onion rings were made from real onions, not the paste filled style; but my disappointment was the chipotle dipping mayo.  No muy caliente at all!  It tasted like annatto colored mayo; not even a hint of smokiness or heat.My wife had the white pizza; very nicely done.  A short bite at the center and a good chewy crust.  Very NY ish.  We will return again to try other dishes and we wish them success for the future. Definitely a place for a cold draft avid a game.  How about stocking NCs Red Oak?
2	This place gets 2 stars only because they have a great beer list - otherwise forget it.We ordered a pizza and salad. The food was mediocre at best. And where on this earth are you CHARGED for cheese on a pizza, as if it's a topping and not an essential part of pizza! Since all you get for the base price is dough and sauce, it gets pretty expensive pretty fast when you add toppings at $.75 -$1.25 each.The sauce had no spices whatsoever; no oregano, no basil, no pepper - just tomato sauce. Could have been canned Hunt's' tomato sauce. Really??We got pepperoni, onions, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella (we ordered mozzarella, they chose to put the more expensive fresh mozzarella on it) - it was all BLAND! Onions had no flavor and even the pepperoni lacked punch. The mushrooms were from a CAN!! Get real folks! Ditto the salad. Lots of different greens, tomato, onion, cheese - how can you make that turn out flavorless? They just have a knack for sucking the flavor out of good food I guess. One 10" pizza, one side salad, 1 beer, 1 glass of wine  -  $36.53. Too pricey for me.One other thing: they have lots of TVs so if you like sports bars....however, they had ALL of them on LOUD and not all the same game. Impossible to eat inside if you want conversation. Service isn't great either.Won't go back & will caution others to stay away. Too bad because with a little tweaking and a chef with culinary skills it could be a good place.
5	Took one of our friends from Lancaster here and enjoyed watching his first time here.  He made the comment that a place with this kind of beer selection with mediocre food would be worth the trip and so would one with this kind of food with plain beer but getting both was amazing.  Lol, that was why me and the wife took him to our favorite neighborhood place.
1	I live within walking distance and have been wanting to walk over with my two dogs since they supposedly have a dog-friendly patio as it states in a post on their Facebook page back in June when they were determining the patio status. So, yesterday me with my two small dogs and a friend with his dog walked over to sit on the patio and have a few beers. Well, they are not dog-friendly on the patio to our disappointment, which is the only reason we tried the restaurant. We agreed to tether our dogs to the fence railing right outside the patio gate and sit at the table right by the gate. All was OK and we decided to try the pizza. Before finishing, the manager (I think) who allowed us to tether the dogs by the gate entry to the patio came out and said the owner was in and very upset about the dogs. Anyway, long story short...The beer selection is awesome.Our service was wonderful -- Victoria.The pizza was fairly good but too pricey for what it is. ($22.50 for a 16" specialty pizza, for example)I doubt we patronize the restaurant much more because the attractive feature for us was the dog-friendly patio. It's a shame as there are many responsible dog owners in the area who would walk over and enjoy the patio.Dec. 11, 2013:Decided to try this restaurant again. I was pleased to see they have brought the insanely high former specialty pizza prices down to a reasonable level of 10" $10, 14" $14, 18" $18...and it's nice to have three size choices now instead of only 10" and 16". It was also nice they allowed me to do a half and half pizza choice on a 14" to try two of their specialties.I would still go here far more often if they were dog-friendly on the patio. The Mexican restaurant a few doors down allows dogs on their patio so they get most of my business in the area. I got various reasons at The Rusty Onion of why they changed their dog-friendly policy with one person saying any restaurant that serves food cannot allow dogs on the patio. Completely false, as I told him. There's a plethora of restaurants in Charlotte that allow dogs with their owners -- that's good business and definitely brings in more money for the proprietor!http://www.bringfido.com/restaurant/city/charlotte_nc_us/
1	We decided to give this place another try since we are so close, but this time we were there for lunch.Kevin got the wings - half Italian, half buffalo.  This is the only reason I'm giving this 1 star, the wings were half decent, so I'm being generous with the star.  Italian was nothing like I've had, they were good! Buffalo were too spicy, and I usually get hot on wings, still good flavor.I got the philly steak with onions, mushrooms, peppers, and provalone cheese. Huge disappointment, with all of those flavors, it was highly bland.  There was absolutely no flavor to the beef, reminded me of frozen shaved beef I can buy at the grocery store.Service was annoying this time.  Maybe it was because they weren't busy, but the server was slow with her 4 tables and the hostess was helping out, so both checking on us.  Example: food arrives from bartender, she asks what we need, and we are good to go.  Server comes over and says well that looks yummy, I'll let you eat and I'll check on you later.  Eat a few bites, hostess comes by and checks on how things are going. Moments later server comes back and checks on us.  Moments later as we are still eating, server comes back and asks us about dessert, once we say no she goes away and comes back with check.  Really?? Chill out and let us enjoy our bland food.I'm done giving this place a try.  Go to the other restaurants in this shopping center, they are 5 times better.
1	Had lunch there today. Asked for no carb meal. Ordered only meat from cheeseburger. Charged $9.00  for less than half the meal. Realizing that the meat is a large chunk on cost, but wasn't even offered reduced price. Burger was not even all that great!Too many places to eat in Charlotte. Never again for me!
5	I decided to go back to The Rusty Onion today, and I was quite impressed. My boss went earlier this afternoon and was astonished by how good of a time he had there (after about 3-4 of his own terrible lunch trips to The Rusty Onion), and he recommended that I try it. He was so certain that my experience would be a good one that he said he would pay for my meal if it went otherwise.  My server was Cory and she was well versed in the specials and was very sweet. Eric and the hostess came by a few times to make sure that my food was good as well. Overall, the service was EXCELLENT! The food was delicious as well! I finally had the experience I had hoped for since they first opened. Can't wait to try the gluten free pizza next time. If you've had a bad experience at this restaurant, I definitely recommend giving it a second try.
3	Ok, they would get more stars if the wings were larger. They make their dressings in house and they taste great.  Wait staff is wonderful, love talking to them and service is stellar. Mac and cheese is excellent, so bring the kids. Ordered the cannoli, there small ones, great snack! Cream is made in house, very good but take it from an Italian...crush up pistachio and dip ends in. Add chocolate chips :) I would go back again to try pizza and home made bahklava.
4	Much improved since they first opened - this was my fourth visit, haven't been in for a few months and was pleasantly surprised that it had a great crowd for a Saturday night, live music was so good we gave him a tip. Had drinks and dinner with five other people, everyone commented that our service was excellent and that the food prices had been reduced from our last visit. I hope that others are willing to give it another try too!I've had the hippie black bean burger and it is great, portion size is good and they have a great selection of craft beer and more of a wine list now too
2	My main complaint is the RAW jalepenos on the pizza.  Why do some restaurants do this??? I'm sure someone out there likes it, but I think the majority of people prefer not to cry between bites of otherwise very bland pizza!  Please at least note on the menu that they aren't pickled!
5	Great atmosphere and excellent beer! I live right around the corner and have been several times in the last couple of weeks. The staff has been very attentive each time I've been. The owner Jimmy has been there to ensure quality every single time I've visited. I've had bee sting wings, chicken cheese steak, the Eye-talian pizza, and buffalo fries to name a few. It's definitely worth a first and second trip. Pick up some fried Oreos before you leave.
5	Love this place!!! Food is always good and priced right. Best chicken tenders in town. Kids love them as well as Mac N Cheese. Nice change for the area!! Also great place for outside dining.
3	My brother and his girlfriend brought me here tonight and told me that it seemed to be an off night, so read this with that in mind. The mozzarella sticks app comes with 5-6 thin sticks. They're tasty but it's a sparse app. The garlic knots are small and tasty. Both are served with watery marinara. Two of us got calzones which ended up being undercooked and very soggy. They had the potential to be tasty if the dough was not the same texture as the cheese filling. The cannoli dessert ($7) is a plate with 4 small cannoli placed on top of a strawberry drizzle and a chocolate drizzle with a mound of whipped cream in the middle. The cannoli filling is quite tasty (I'm very picky having grown up on NY cannoli), but the filling is, sadly, only placed at the ends. The shells are almost entirely empty! The staff was awkward and preferred to carry on with the musician who was about to perform. A buser would come around often in an awkward manner to see if either of the two tables outside needed something bussed, even if it was just a fork. To end on a high note, they apparently make a pretty decent mojito. I will go back to give them another try, but the initial impression was meh, at best.
4	We are back! This visit was much better than the last time. While my husband and I enjoyed our food and drinks, my brother and his girlfriend had a rougher night with their orders. There was a new bartender who was struggling to make a decent mojito and they volunteered to be her guinea pigs. After 3 attempts, though, they switched to beer. The manager took the mojitos off of their bill. She made a tasty cherry rum and coke, though. A little too much ice, but she's learning. Next came the food. They ordered the cheeseburger dynamite pizza and did not enjoy it. They tried to play it off while being honest with our waitress. Soon after, a manager came over and insisted they order another pizza or sandwich because he "wouldn't let them "eave with a bad taste in their mouths".  While tonight was an off-night for half of our table, the service was amazing. It blew us away. Our server's name was Sheldon and I highly recommend her. She was a lot of fun and handled everything really well while still having fun with us. Summary: amazing service, food was a large improvement over last time, and we will definitely be back.
2	Decided to give this place a try and ordered a large pizza to go. We were able to do half & half of two different kinds of their specialty options... Even though it look good & smelled good it was so disappointing... The dough was hard and chewy. I picked it up and the drive home was about 15min. When I got home it was a bit cold but warm enough to eat but like I said the dough was chewy and hard. So we warm it up but it made it worst... Crust was hard as a rock and we had to pull on every bite :-/ ...May try again or may not ... The staff was very friendly
4	Finally a great pizza place! I moved from NYC and have been searching from a pizza place for two years now! You have to try the calamari delicious. My husband and I were so impressed we had to compliment the owner and found out it was a family business. The owner is super friendly and originally from NYC! Love it!
1	Ordered take out last night so this review is based strictly on the food, not the service. We ordered two calzones, one pepperoni one sausage. When we got home we were EXTREMELY disappointed when we opened the boxes. The calzones were completely flat, with barely any cheese in them at all. On my pepperoni one almost half the calzone had no cheese on it whatsoever. Also the bread was hard as a rock, it hurt to bite into the parts that had no cheese. Needless to say we will not be back...
5	I am in search of the perfect pineapple pizza. And The Rusty Onion's pineapple ham pizza is absolutely scrumptious. The crust is so fluffy an compliments the cheesy cheese, tasty tomato sauce, yummy ham, and juicy pineapple deliciously. It's a great size because I had enough to enjoy for the next day's lunch. I've had about 10 non-chain pineapple pizzas in the last year and this one is at the top. Whenever someone asks me what a few of my top pizzas are, Rusty Onion is the first restaurant I mention. The atmosphere is really cool because it used to be a car shop I think, so the garage door can open up on nice days. When I went, it was a delightful evening and we sat outside on the patio. There was chill live music also. Highly recommend.
4	Good food & Local beer selectionFriendly staff & Owners on site and involvedThe gluten free pizza was good. Not cross contamination from gluten in the kitchen. Vegan cheese not bad either.
4	Great spot for sports and food; pizza was delicious! We had garlic knots and an 18 inch pie, along with several excellent craft beers; all great. Service was excellent too. We will definitely be back!!! And the table next to us ordered chicken parm; the portion size was ENORMOUS!!!
5	I know several customers that overheard the situation last night with the "wing man" review below. Needless to say his account of the event seems to serve his future fictional writing ambitions well. I think this would be the same person that chooses to go to Costco and refuses to buy the full case but wants it for the full case price.
4	My husband and I live right across the street, and after months of driving by and commenting how we should try the Rusty Onion, we finally pulled the trigger last night! We split the Rusty Onion app, he got the Eye-talian sandwich with fries, and I got the Portobello Pie with the house salad (also came with bread). I loved my meal- it was unique, delicious, and filling! He loved the fried but wasn't crazy about the sandwich- said it was salty but it could have been because of the Italian meats which can tend to be salty. The app was delicious- sauteed onions and a garlicky cream sauce over toasted pita bread- I could have eaten that pita bread all night! Yum. Overall we left happy and are planning to go back to try more of their menu. The total for our meal was $38 including tip.
1	1st off I've been to the Rusty Onion a number of times as its close to my office.The food is good.I'm on a special diet right now which limits what I can eat (no fries onion rings ect.)I asked for a heathy side , fruit or something like that. The only item they offered was a salad at a 2.50 up charge. I asked what they charge for sides normally and was told 4.00I was transferred 3 times finally speaking with a man who said he was the owner.I explained my diet situation and asked if in place of a side I could not eat if I could get a unsweet tea instead. ( cost to him probably a NICKLE) he went into this long story about food cost and would not accommodate a regular customer. I was pretty shock by his stance in a customer based business.I did not appreciate the treatment and did not order the 10.00 item I was planning on.So he loses a sales over a NICKLE item and LOSES a customer for now.Shame on you RUSTY ONION way to many options for this type of NON Customer Service.I'm sure they will be long gone soon.PM
