4	A welcome alternative to corporate coffee (read Starbucks). We stumbled on this place while shopping for shoes at the nearby TJ Maxx, and were pleasantly surprised. Although I normally take my coffee hot, during the Phoenix summer heat, I relented and got it iced. My double iced latte was perfect!Next time I need a caffeine boost delivered like a swift kick to the melon, I'll stop here and dose again.
4	This particular Coffee Bean is my "home" coffee shop. All others are judged by this standard.The customer service here is always tops. The coffee here is always superior to Starbucks and vastly superior to many independent coffee purveyors.CBTL maintains this standard through consistently good quality ingredients and standardization of procedures.That said CBTL does not have "outstanding" coffee, but rather products that never disappoint in an environment that is always welcoming and friendly. The staff here and at the Scottsdale location have always been very polite and professional, while still being welcoming.
4	The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf & Paper To Go Cup & Plastic Lid & Everything Bagel & China Plate & Cream Cheese & Knife & Other Tasty Pastries & Free Wifi & Warm Atmosphere & Friendly Service & Good Brewed Coffee & Convenient Location & Decent Prices & Clean Restrooms is a nice little coffee house which I recommend.Thanks & Goodbye
4	I'll admit it, I'm a trendy Starbucks fanboi. But when I'm feeling something different, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is good ol' #2. They have great coffee, the environment is quiet, modern, and very wooden. I usually drink the white chocolate mocha, its light and smooth. I like the ice CB uses - they aren't cubes, and they aren't crush. They're little spheres that chill at the bottom of your cup.
3	Pretty good coffee. Nothing special but better than starbucks by far.
5	i love this place based on their outstanding tea lattes, especially the tropical passion tea latte. i've never had the coffee, so i can't speak about it but their tea lattes are absolutely delicious. they have tons of flavors, and the teas are definitely better than tazo. each and every tea can be made over ice, whereas starbucks can only do a few specific teas over ice unless you want to wait for them to brew one specifically for you.they are extremely friendly and welcoming, and they've never gotten my drink wrong. not once. i'm so glad they have a location in chandler and at tempe marketplace, but i wish the ones out east were still open. :(
4	Their Ice Blended Pomegranate-Blueberry Latte makes my heart sing ;) For colder weather, you can get it hot with soy milk. For not so fancy days, you can get a regular Pom-Blue Iced Tea. Iced tea with a hint of flavor of the Pom Blue. Large one for $3. Yup, I wasn't kidding when I said I was in love with this stuff. I've heard their other teas were just as divine but I can't steer myself from trying them because usually when I'm at CB, I'm there for a Pom-Blue fix.
5	I have gone here so many time that the folks know me by name and by order.  I am officially 'Mr. Iced Green Tea'.  Well not really, though there are always smiles on the staffs' faces and an willingness to offer suggestions and make things to order.The WiFi is also strong for those with laptops looking for a good place to work. Prices are good as any Coffee Bean and for a 32oz iced tea, $3.00 is perfect, especially when I don't have to order it.See you there!
4	Had a great coffee there this morning. I really liked the location and the open-air feel of the place. It was very comfortable and easy to find. The coffee was good. I had the vanilla latte and it was a bit too sweet for me but the texture of the drink and the taste of the coffee was pleasant. The service was a bit slow considering it was not busy, but overall I had a very positive impression. I will definitely go there again, however, it is a bit pricey.....FYI.
5	The coffee here is exquisite and the bran muffins even though delicious a bit too big. so, you get more for your money? my favorite new place.oh, and the speed of service is wonderful when  your on the run.
4	Pomegranate-Blueberry was recommended by the Barista and I must say I was very impressed with it!  Great tea and free wifi!
2	The staff is still great here, unfortunately some changes to their teas and coffee extracts forces me to lower they're rating. The new coffee extract is much more bitter than it used to be and leaves an aftertaste with an astringent quality. Yes, I actually feel thirstier after drinking an extract infused drink.The company has also moved from whole leaf tea to cut leaf. The change has also resulted in a more bitter tea than before, more of a grass quality.Their constantly changing menus are intensely annoying also.Sad to say, if it wasn't for the great staff here - I'd probably just go to Starbucks for my quick fix coffee.
4	Two words...Hot Vanilla.  We get this every time we are in the area and it is amazing.  I can't really comment on the rest of the menu but i am sure that it is fantastic.
5	I love this coffee bean and tea leaf... I was so excited when I moved here and drove by it. I was a little worried there wouldn't be one and i would only get it when I go to Malibu to visit family. The staff is super friendly I always get a iced non fat vanilla latte... Mmm super delicious best out of all coffee shops hands down
3	Decent drinks.  Plenty of seating and free WiFi, which is important since I'm usually going to coffee shops to be productive and do some work.  It doesn't really stand out to me in any way.  I've had hot coffee and iced coffee.  They were good, but nothing I couldn't get at other coffee shops for the same price and quality.  I'll be back because it's convenient to my house, but I could be just as happy with another coffee shop.  I'm not a tea drinker, so I can't vouch for the tea side of the house.
4	Love Coffee Bean! I think it's a lot better than Starbucks. I love coffee, but I'm also a huge tea person, which makes this a great place for me! They have a great tea selection and I like how they always have a different kind out for you to sample and explore a little. The people at this location are really nice, too. As for coffee: I LOVE the "Black Forest" which is a blended coffee drink with cherries and chocolate-covered espresso beans, I can barely make it to my car before sucking down half of it! It is just so damn delicious :). Sometimes the tea can be a little watered down, but it has only happened once or twice out of the 30 something times I've gone there. Strawberry cream tea is zee best!
5	The staff here is AMAZING!
4	Four words: Red Velvet Hot Cocoa. Ah-mazing. Genius. Heavenly. Perfect for the chilly nights! I want a vat of it at my house!
5	I drink simple brewed coffee, prefer dark, bold & rich. If a place doesn't have something like this brewed, I might order an Americano. Therefore, I judge coffee places on their.......COFFEE.The Bean has GREAT brewed coffee.  They are fantastic with samples of whatever they have brewed, and I find there coffees very smooth. They are actually the only place where I sometimes ordered the day's flavored coffee; for some reason, their flavored actually tastes good to me with a little half and half, while most places taste like fake-flavored coffee, overdone on the additive flavor.The baristas ALWAYS offer to make a fresh pot of flavored if it's past 11 and I'm interested in it. I think that's amazing... but I can't let them seemingly waste a whole new pot of it on me?  If I ever have to wait for a new pot to brew, they are always amazingly nice about it, no matter what location I go to.I like the living room feel of this location, the couch, comfy chairs, and big "conference" type table. I also like sitting outside if it's not too hot; somehow I enjoy it out there, even though I'm looking at a parking lot & Chandler Blvd. Maybe the coffee is just that good to me...I can run a card for that simple cup of coffee, which yes I have had to do before. They never give me any grief about it.  Love the company, period!
5	I love the mocha frap... the chocolate they use is so superior to Starbucks and the coffee itself is much more flavorful.
2	Yesterday I stopped in for a drink after a long morning of Christmas shopping and wasn't really sure what to order so I asked the barista for a recommendation (no one was behind me in line so I didn't think it was a big deal). I can get my usual Americano or latte anywhere so I figured I'd try something different. So I get my drink and sit down and not ten minutes later, the barista was complaining about me to one of her friends who stopped into the store (apparently that barista can't stand when people don't know what they want). I've only been to Coffee Bean a couple times since I'm from Minnesota and I'm still learning the menu. Sorry for bothering you! I promise it won't happen again since I won't be returning.
5	I have been going here for a few years now and in the last year or so I can say that I go about 4 times per week. I LOVE this place and I love the staff. I get either different Iced Tea that is not brewed so they specially brew it for me OR a Mocha and I have never had a proble with my drink here. The staff are always friendly and they are not ROBOTS like at othe coffee places I used to go to. I will drive out of my way to stop in because I enjoy this place so much....
4	When we are in town we always stop at one of these shops.  My son loves their Iced Blended Drinks.  I prefer a nice hot cup of coffee.  My husband had a latte and a pastry.  All were pretty good.  The parking lot was being repaved so it was a little harder to get into the shop but we managed.  Oh for sure we will be back the next visit to town.  I can't quante it will be this one but we will be at one of the Coffee Bean and Tea Leafs.
4	Great coffee and snack selection.  They are friendly and efficient.  I usually end up here more than I expect because Einstein Bagels next door tends to let me down, so I walk right over here and they consistently great.
4	I am a fan of the coffee bean and tea leaf!  I wish there were more locations.  I like that they use powder instead of syrup.  The powder isn't as sweet as the syrups.  I like that they have a great selection of loose leaf teas and I recommend getting the tea lattes.  The location is clean and has plenty of comfortable seating.  I would recommend coming to this location and enjoying a cup of coffee or tea.
5	The hot vanilla is my favorite thing in the world!!! Mucho calories but bueno for a non-coffee drinker like myself. :) Also, it is probably one of my favorite studying spots, especially with Einsteins next door. THE best.
4	Liked this place.  Good coffee, very clean and bright.  Nice atmosphere. A Starbucks clone. I would have liked some unique bakery items or some fruit offerings. Clean bathrooms. I recommend it.
5	Service is awesome and their dark chocolate iced blended coffees are to DIE FOR!! Way better than Starbucks
5	Wonderful coffee shop that I'm making my regular work spot. The music was calm, the staff friendly, the cup of joe made just right, the seating comfortable, the space well lit, and the wifi swift.
5	I've been a supporter and big fan of Coffee Bean for nearly 15 years.  I prefer the coffee, service and ambiance to Starbucks any day, even though I am still a fan of Starbucks.  Coffee Bean gives off the neighborhood coffee shop vibe.  I visit regularly to do work since they offer free internet at all locations - definitely a great plus! The coffee and tea drinks are great.  My favorite is anything with the sugar free chocolate powder.  This is where Coffee Bean has the advantage over Starbucks.  You just can't get any chocolate drinks at Starbucks that are sugar free.  Since they have sugar free chocolate and vanilla powder, you can get most drinks and even ice blended drinks sugar free.
5	Starbucks who?? Sorry, I will probably never go to a Starbucks again. Not after I tasted this place!  Wish there was one closer to my home, 85249. Anyways, such a friendly environment. Thanks for amazing coffee and tea.
