4	Using an app I found for thrift-aholics thanks to my friend, Yvette, we came across American Thrift Center out in West Mifflin on one of our all day thrift excursions. This store is a little out of the way if you're not from this area, and you may feel you're getting a little lost since you end up driving in a more rural looking area until you get to the plaza where it's located. It has lots of parking in a private lot and trust me the outside is no indication of how big it is inside. This store has so much stuff packed into a fairly large space. The clothing selection and shoe selection is the real gem here. I love knick knacks as much as the next person, but eventually I'm going to need to pick up a new dress or jeans to cut into shorts.The place wasn't packed, which is a nice surprise for weekend day at a big thrift store. The clothes were organized well and the prices were low. There was one thing though that sort of bugged me... It's not that I LIKE the smell of thrifted clothes, but I feel like anyone who thrifts knows what smell I'm talking about. This place does not use whatever it is that makes the clothes smell like that. I imagine it's some sort of disinfectant spray. You would think it would be a good thing, but what it meant is that the cute summery dress I found smelled like cat pee and cigarette smoke. No thanks.My only complaints about American Thrift would be an outrageous $20 minimum for cards. Two women working one register together that we're the least friendly store employees I've encountered since 16 yr olds who hate their lives.No dressing rooms. I don't know what this theme is with thrift stores not having them, but I'm getting really good at changing pants in the middle of an isle without flashing my bits to everyone.Not enough to keep me from coming back, but as far as I'm concerned this is a cash only place from this point forward.
4	I do like this store for the clothes. The prices are good on them. One thing I don't like is the $20 minimum on cards. No one carries cash anymore, so I think that's high. The people who work there do not smile to customers. Ever. They are friendly amongst themselves and will point you in the right direction (literally, when I asked where something was, the lady looked at me, not smiling, and pointed), but they don't make you feel welcome. I wonder if they realize that we customers pay their paycheck. I do like the 1/2 price discounts, which they change daily, but it always seems like what I want is not on sale that day. LOL! There's no dressing room, but I've gotten pretty good at holding an article of clothing up to me in a mirror and guessing. The bad part about that is, if I'm wrong, I own it anyway because there are no returns or exchanges. All in all, I will continue to go there when I'm in the neighborhood, but I can't say it's my favorite.
