4	Paradise is one of my favorite spots for a quick bite. I love almost everything on their menu, which is mostly sandwiches, salads, and soups. They also have a bakery counter, which serves all sorts of goodies (brownies, pastries, cookies, parfaits, etc). But, as a special treat, when you order a sandwich, you get a free chocolate chip cookie on the side. This location is in SanTan Mall (if you enter off Williams Field Rd, turn in at the light and head straight back- it will be on your right about a block into the mall). Parking is somewhat difficult, as it is located on the outskirts of a mall, but if you have other shopping to do, it makes it convenient.
5	I Love paradise bakerys roasted chicken ceaser salad and tomato soup!  I could eat them everyday for lunch AND dinner and never get tired of it.  I have tried to do better and not eat so much bread, so I am glad I found this here because normally I would CHOW DOWN on the paradise club - talk about an amazing sandwich!!!!
4	I will start by saying i eat at Paradise all the time, I'm over 80 visits on my rewards card. The location at the San Tan mall is the best in the east valley. Service is consistent and friendly. I love the pumpkin muffin and quiche muffin for breakfast. For lunch the Southwest Caesar is a must and the southwest chicken is the best sandwich, except they have made it a seasonal item, and it is not currently on the menu. The other sandwiches are solid and the best part is you can get everything made to order the way you like it. Add as many veggies to your salad as you want, at no charge. Great place for an early lunch, I go in at 9 or 10 am all the time. Ice tea is also great, go 50/50 on the regular and mango breeze!
4	I came here for 3 or 4 days in a row during our first week in our new home - we didn't have internet set up yet and I had to work.  So I brought in my laptop got some coffee and set up my little mobile office.  Great coffee and great environment, and the free wireless internet is a bonus.  I also like the free samples as you come in!  Lol.  I'm sure I'll be popping in here again in the future when I'm shopping at the mall.
5	Love paradise bakery.  Today I had the paradise club, and cookie.  Every time I go here I get great service, amazing food and a cookie :-)  If you have never been to a paradise its time you go!
5	Always have to drop a note about Paradise Bakery - simply one of my ALL TIME FAV. places to go.  If you have never tried, then you must go.  I love everything they have.  soups, salads, sandwiches, COOKIES .... YUMTook some pics this time, and it was packed ... even at off lunch hours!  Crazy!
4	I find this Paradise Bakery to be very clean and inviting.  It is a very comfortable place to sit back and visit with friends.  It's also a good place to come if your internet at home is down because they offer free wi-fi.The cookies are divine.  I tried the chocolate chip and peanut butter, and while these can tend to be pretty plain choices, these cookies were anything but plain - they were moist and chewy!  I went on a Monday and they were buy 1, get 1 free.  Don't know if it was a special or what, but I was happy to get 2 cookies and a soda for about $3.I need to come back and try some of their soups, salads, and sandwiches and update later.  If their cookies are representative of the rest of their food, I'm sure I'll enjoy it very much.
3	Why do people love this place?  MommaKat insisted on snacking here after a hard day of shopping, and I am not impressed.  AT ALL.I had to coerce the boy behind the counter to make a salad my way, not the normal recipe.  It was like pulling teeth.. no seriously, no cheese.  and I want this dressing not that dressing.  We stood in line for over 20 minutes at 4pm on a Saturday.  There were 2 couples in front of us.  LAME.There were no forks, and the cashier forgot to give me my brownie, and i thought he was going to have a conniption when I asked twice.Bathrooms were very nice and clean though.  Outdoor seating is very limited. Lame excuse for a panera-
3	It's what you would expect.  A good turkey sandwich, side salad, and a cookie.  Not rocket science.  It's clean and pretty fast.  A convenient place for a quick lunch.
5	This is the third Paradise Bakery I've reviewed, so it's apparent I love the place. This is the cleanest one I've been in. Still haven't had anything other than the Bleu Cheese crumble salad, but I'm a creature of habit. :-)  I did take a couple of bites of the husband's Southwestern Caesar, and it was pretty good too. It has quite a kick so if you don't like spicy I don't recommend it. He doesn't like a lot of heat and it was too much for him. Paradise is a good "I am not sure where to go so I'll stick with what I know" sort of place to eat.
4	I am a fan of Paradise baker. This one in San Tan is also fantastic.They have something for everyone. You can have coffee and cookies or soup or vegetarian sandwiches. Can't beat it. If you are in San Tan Village do not go to the food court. Go here instead. Much better food.
4	BUSY BUSY BUSY Place!  It is the same as all the PB.  Clean and comfortable.
4	This one is always busy, but what Paradise isn't. I finally succumbed and started one of their rewards cards. Still waiting on the chili/cornbread to come back.
2	This is how it all went down. I thought it would be nice to go out really quick and have a Mommie and Son dinner. Kinda rude staff, whatever I shrug it off and chalk it up to Holiday customer service blues. Then I get to the register, I am carrying my 15 month old, they bring all my food to the register, I get a crappy, half assed "Um, do you need help to your table" "No, I've got it, thanks" THEN I go find a highchair, WOW nasty doesn't begin to describe them, I opt for the somewhat cleaner booster seat. Dust off the crumbs on the only available booth (The junk in-between the cushions, as well as the mystery smears on the wall next to the table should have been a clear sign of RUN) we sit down to eat. I'm finally calming down about the high chair situation, eat my half a sandwich, get half way through my salad, then, wait, did my lettuce just move, (set fork down) WHAT THE HELL!@#!! (see photo) I take my salad plate up to staff and tell them that I'm not upset but that they may need to throw their lettuce out, I get a sight eye roll and a "Why whats wrong with it" Then I said "look at the fork "OH MY GOD!!" she calls what I assume is the manager over, he's sitting at a table in the dining room chatting up some girl, he so professionally replies "WHAT DO YOU WANT" she told him through her teeth that he needed to come over. He saw what was up, then he followed me to the cash register and offered me, get this, a BAG OF CHIPS, I told him "things like this happen, forget it", I gather my things to leave, turn around to see if they are doing anything about the lettuce, didn't seem like it, I did hear one of the staff tell the girl the manager was talking to "Oh, it was only a lettuce bug"  I can understand the bug, things happen, I'm a pretty calm mellow person, but the attitude and the way they treat their customers is really sad.
5	I love this location!  I am there every Fri morning for my business meeting. The staff is always friendly and the food is always great!  Thanks!!!
5	Super nice staff.I love the Thai Chicken Salad, and Tomato Soup.I go there 3 times a week mainly because the food never disapoints.
4	West coast's Panera Bread!  What's NOT to lve!
2	I thought it was about time I did a 2-star review so I picked this place. I used to go to Paradise Bakery all the time (Wi-Fi being the main reason) but the past year or so it's gone way downhill. Worse quality food, bad service, etc. I had the same experience at Panera in California.
1	Went in at about 30 minutes before they closed with my friend. Most workers already seemed checked out already and not paying much attention. They almost seemed annoyed we were there.We had a simple order that they seemed very confused about and unsure how to execute. They then told me they were out of the soup i wanted, so i asked for a different one. Then, after waiting for another minute or two, a manager comes out to inform me that they were out of the second soup as well. This wasnt a problem, they just took forever to inform me of an easily solvable problem. Then After being rang up, they had forgotten to give us our breadbowl and an order of mac and cheese. Overall, it was a really unnecessary ordeal.
4	I tried the big kid grilled cheese with a side of tomato soup. It was delicious!
5	Great food and service.
5	always fresh, always a home run with whatever sandwich I get (do I even need to mention the cookies).. And a trip with the toddler revealed some AMAZING kids mac a cheese that I now must get even when theres no kids with me, although I am the biggest kid of all.
3	Slow. The store wasn't even that busy. My sandwich took 15 minutes to be ready. I can make a sandwich faster at home. One of the workers wasn't very friendly and the other one was deaf. The focaccia bread here is a little underwhelming. Wildflower bread Company has the best I've ever tasted. Maybe they set the bar too high. The roast beef on the sandwich was good so at least they have that going for them. I don't think they need to cake on the mayonnaise on the sandwich but they did. Don't people come here to eat healthy? They do have the best cookies I've ever tasted in my life though. You have to try the snickerdoodle and the gingerbread cookies.
2	Another disappointing lunch at San Tan Paradise Bakery...ordered ham&cheese, got ham, cheese and turkey with no condiment on bread..dry bread-ugh! This location has gone downhill over the last year..soup bowl barely more than half full..
1	Not so great experience at Paradise.  Waited in line with my two children to get something. By time it was our turn, woman smiled and said hello. Another woman in a blue shirt (assumed she was a manager as it appeared she was training this other person) turned to me in a rude manner and stated she would be right with us. It was obviously so vital and critical to leave me waiting and to be treated so rudely. She then proceeds to explain to this other employee about these products down below the counter. Over 7 minutes with now both of their backs to us and taking their time discussing/explaining this so critical information that was more important than a customer. I told my children that we were leaving since the service seemed to be terrible. Nobody addressed me as I was leaving and we walked out. Very disappointed in this experience.
4	I love their food but the set up is ridiculous. It takes forever to get through the line and there's lots of people asking for you order over and over again. They need to visit a Panera Bread and take a hint on how to set up service.
4	I like Paradise Bakery. They have a nice breakfast variety as well as lunch/dinner menu of salads, sandwiches and soups. I particularly like the tuna salad and often pair  a half sandwich with a half salad. The nice touch is also the chocolate chop cookie they give you. I know it's always a welcome sweet treat after every meal there.  They have a nice assortment of baked goods as well. One of my favorites is the banana chocolate chip muffin. It is delicious. I feel like Paradise Bakery is well run and almost every one I go to is very similar in taste and quality which makes it nice that you can expect a good, consistent meal every time.
3	Food was good.  I always order the tomato soup and a half salad.  This location seems to be a bit slow than other ones that I have been to.  It's in a good location at the San Tan Village Mall, so there is plenty of other activities to do after grabbing a bite to eat.
2	My friend's sandwich took 15 minutes to be brought out. By that time I had nearly finished my salad. It wasn't even busy that day, there was hardly a line. When the sandwich did come, it didn't have any kind of dressing or condiments. Who wants a dry sandwich? I successfully garnered a side of mayonnaise to remedy the situation. The manager was informed about the long wait and dry sandwich and nothing was done about it. Salad was good,  but the inattention to detail and customer service were disappointing. I'll probably go back but not for a while. The salad was good but they need to get their sh*t together.
1	I went in and bought breakfast, iced coffee, and two walnut chocolate chip cookies and when I ate one of the cookies I but I to something and almost broke my tooth. They said it was a walnut shell and they took my information down and I haven't heard from the company. They didn't even do anything. They said "oh we're so sorry" and that was pretty much it. I usually love their cookies but I'll never eat one again because I'm worried that I'll bite into something again.
5	Had coffee and muffin. Very nice staff. Sat within earshot off an interview taking place. Very impressed with their employee screening process. If you want a job here be ready for a great interview.
1	It must have been shift change time when I stopped in for a small snack. The manager was taking orders and then ran down the line to work the register while I saw three employees lounging about in uniform. The register was so backed up that my order came while I was still in line and the gal plopped my dish onto the counter in front of the register. How classy.
5	If you haven't had a chance to get by this location, GO! They do an amazing table service now, and you order right as you enter! No more waiting for people in front of you to slowly progress through the long line!!!
2	I've been here a plethora of times, but I am very disappointed with the recent changes. Instead of going through the line and ordering your items you order at the beginning and then sit down and all of your food is brought to you. They did this in an attempt to make things faster, unfortunately it took the good customer service out of it. The ordering process is much more complicated and you are unable to see the menus. They give you a printed menu to combat this, but it isn't as simple as the ones that are hanging and divided by station. Trying to make specifications on your order, which used to be so simple, is now complicated and the staff taking orders clearly aren't trained well on it. To top it off, my food came out wrong, which is indicative of the poor way the ordering is set up.Trying to get someone to clean off a table for you to sit down during busy times is clearly too much to ask for. The food is good, but I will no longer continue to come here. If this is how all Paradise Bakery locations function now, I won't be going to any of them. You have lost a very loyal customer and I know I'm not the only one.
4	I come here for the cookies and muffins PERIOD. Super flavorful...lemon cookie and the coconut chocolate chip are my favorites. As for their salads and sandwiches...not bad tasting but definitely not worth the price. $6 for a half salad with a couple slices of chicken. I'd rather go to Which Wich for a sandwich or lettuce wrap!
