3	Wow,  I'm really surprised that this location has yet to be Yelped.  This particular BK Lounge is located inside Las Vegas Premium South Outlets (better known as the Belz Outlet to those who've lived in Vegas for awhile).  There isn't much to be said about Burger King.  We are all familiar with its' offerings and prices.  I don't really venture to Burger King for killer food, its more of a convenience factor.  Anyhow. . . A- Okay on this BK. Pros:  *  They have the Whopper on the Breakfast menu. I thought there was breakfast whopper, but no.  Just the regular whopper on the breakfast menu.  Strange, but cool!  *  open a little earlier than the mall.  If you find yourself needing to be one of the first consumers at a store in this mall, you can come here to grub prior to getting your shop on.  *  I got a 10% discount.  I've been here enough (sad but true).Cons:  *  No Drive Thru window (obviously ... it's in the mall)  *  Super loud in the food court especially during lunch hours.  Don't expect to be able to talk to the rest of your party without having to yell across the unbalanced table.  Overall:  Again, this is Burger King.  If you don't know, now you know.Tips:  *  You can request your favorite music video while you eat in the food court ( regular texting fees apply)  *  If you are going to eat there with someone and you want to converse while eating, avoid sitting under the flat screens that are suspended 12 ft. in the air blasting music videos.  *  Bring cash.  Yes they take plastic, but there have been numerous times that their credit card machine goes on strike.  I speak from experience.
2	This location is inside the Belz (Las Vegas Premium Outlet South) Outlet in one of the food courts there.  There are not any food options at the two different food courts at this outlet mall.  This Burger King is the best option when it comes to having a meal here.  It is not one of the best Burger King locations that I have been to.  The menu is the same as the other BK's.When you come to this outlet, try to make sure that you eat something first.  If you're really hungry, then this is your best bet.
3	We visited this joint on a trip to the outlet mall and while it's pretty standard food court fare... it's really just pretty standard food court fare, honestly.The place isn't bad, but it's hard to find good court locations that can compare to standalone restaurants. If you're at the outlets, then it'll work, but there's a full-size Burger King just up the road that's grand, as well.
