4	We tried this new Thai place on St Laurent near Jean Talon this week and we were super happy with it. It's brand new and still figuring things out, but I hope people start to flock to it and fill up the tables so it survives and keeps feeding me hot and sour soup with lemongrass and coconut milk and pad thai and spicy pork...The owner / chef is a charming friendly young Thai woman who came out from the kitchen to chat with us. She told us they were hoping to have their license to be a BYO in the next month which made me gleeful, and that for now pickup orders get a 10% discount because they can't provide delivery. Awesome.The portions were not huge, but the flavours were subtle and fresh and great and inexpensive so next time we'd just try more plates. The one thing that we thought could maybe use a tweak was the spicyness, or at least the scale of spicyness as indicated on the menu - we love spicy food and we went out of our way to order the pork with three spicy pepper icons next to it. It was delicious, really nice meat, fresh green beans, very very tasty, but we would have given it just one spicy pepper icon if the icon distribution were up to us. The pad thai was very tasty but we thought this could have been a bit spicier as well. Not a big issue because the food and service and ambiance were all lovely, but I'd love an extra extra spicy option (or maybe I'll just get some chillis on the side =)
5	My uncle took me to this wonderful restaurant last week, promising me that it would be the best Thai food I'd ever had in Montreal.C Thai Cuisine did not disappoint.My first impressions of the restaurant were how clean it was inside and how kind and welcoming the owners were. They're in the first year of business and do all the work in there. But they take the time to talk to you and help you make your selections by suggesting menu items. There is a lot to choose from!I started by ordering delicious summer rolls. This item is hard to mess up, and I admit that I've enjoy equally good rolls in other restaurants. My uncle had a won ton soup, his favourite. He's tasted enough won ton soup in his life to be able to confirm that it's delicious here.I also had fried vegetarian dumplings, served with a delicious ginger-soy dipping sauce.For my main course, I had roast duck with red curry, coconut milk, and basil leaves. I've never had duck at a restaurant before, and I was very please with my selection. My uncle had a pad Thai with shrimp and squid and he loved it.The restaurant recently got its alcohol license, having a bring your own wine/beer policy. Icing on the cake.If you like extraordinary Thai food and like to support hard-working entrepreneurs who actually serve a GREAT product, please go try C Thai Cuisine. You won't be disappointed.
4	Excellent neighbourhood find.
5	I love this restaurant! The Thai food here is a lot milder than Thai restaurants in Boston, but the lady who cooks came out of the kitchen and spent some time speaking with us! The gentleman who serves customers was polite and efficient. An important thing that I noticed was how fresh her ingredients are. The curry could've been a little spicier and rot-jut (more filled with flavor) but I believe she toned it down because my friend is American and can only take medium spicy! Thanks to both of you if you read this for a nice afternoon!
5	This is a new family BYOB Thai restaurant (9 months) smacked in the middle of Little Italy.  I just had dinner and found out the co-owner/cook is from ex-Chao Phraya.   I started with tom yum pla (hot and sour fish soup) and it was not made with the typical tom yum paste but rather a blend of real lemon grass, galanga chunks, and large pieces of halibut fish.  Next, I had the Angel wings which was nicely fried with their thai style bbq sauce (blend of sweet/salt/sour) topped off with some fried basil leaves and red pepper slices.  I also sampled the peanut butter dumplings.  Now I know that this is a Szechwan dish but having missed eating them in my now extinct Chrysanthemum (Crescent St)  I had to have some.  They were delicious.  The wontons were wrapped with thin wonton wrappers (Chinese style) and not the thick wrappers like the Americanized/Buffet style.   The peanut butter sauce was silky and smooth and was the right amount.   For the main course I had the Pork with eggplant and basil which was nicely stir fried.  Unlike some other places where they use lots of oil, this dish had little or no oil.  This dish was perfectly made and the meat and veggies were not overcooked and blended well.   Also, I had the beef with red curry and it was very light and full of curry flavor but not overpowering.   For dessert we had a small tapioca pudding which hit the spot.  Menu prices are inline with most thai restos but the bonus is the byob which you can enjoy a nice bottle of wine/beer with your spicy thai food!    Highly recommended, try it and you won't be disappointed.      Service was attentive and prompt (thanks Yves!) Tip:  Parking meters on St. Laurent M-F is till 9pm and there are lots of side streets around C Thai which have free parking so take advantage of that if you can.
5	Ok listen to me very carefully... I think... I THINK, I might have found Montreal's BEST PAD THAI. Shut up, listen to me... I know I make big claims saying how a certain dish or restaurant can transcend time and space or something or another tasted so good that you might need to slap your mom and then tell her to thank you, but this time I'm not exaggerating. Thai cuisine is known for touching all your tastebuds; a dish encompassing the sweet, salty, sour is typical of Thai food. Not only will this dish entice your entire palate, but it will undress it slowly, turn up the Robin Thicke and will make sweet sweet love to it.This mysterious noodle dish included, shrimp, chicken, tofu, egg, bean sprouts, topped with spring onions and crushed peanuts. I'm not going to say that I'm the foremost authority on Pad Thai, but I can tell you that from what I've had around the city, compared to the plastic platefuls from my time in southeast Asia, this dish threw me back at the first bite. The aroma was distinct and the flavours were strong - from the sweetness of the cane sugar, to the brininess from the fish and shrimp paste, I had yet to find a place in Montreal that was so spot on. There was something about this dish that I couldn't put my finger on... it was perfect. Each mouthful hugged the elastic and chewy noodles that resisted each bite; with fragrant herbs, it was balanced and came and fit together to form a cohesive harmonious entity, like a winning Trivial pursuit game piece.
2	WORST SERVICE EVER. ONE WAITER - Need I say more. It seemed like the only waiter serving was the owner, which wasn't the biggest problem, I think the kitchen may have had two people in the back, and out front, a full restaurant of about 60 people, prime time Saturday night. When we first walked in, our cue should have been all the empty plates sitting on the table in front of the impatient looking guests. We had ordered a soup and a salad to start which took an hour and 10 minutes to arrive, luckily our mains followed about 15 minutes later. I will say the food was very good, but certainly not worth the wait. Please keep in mind, this isn't fine dinning. After this experience, I am definitely not going back.
4	We have eaten at C twice in the last 3months. Once with our teenage daughters and once with my husband.This is amazing Thai food. Everything we tried each time was incredible. Pad thai was wonderful, as were  the dumplings, the angel wings, grilled squid and the papaya salad.I make Thai food at home and this restaurant is simply the best.Wish it were in Toronto.
4	C Thai is a really good Thai restaurant.  We ordered the green curry and coconut milk pork.  The veggies were fresh and crisp and the overall dish was very flavourful.  My only suggestion would be for those who like their Thai spicy to ask for extra chilis or for them to make it extra spicy because they seem to prepare it milder than other Thai restaurants.  Either way, I would go back for sure.
