5	For me, this is heaven. I love to see all of the new styles and seasonal colors on display. It truly makes me happy. The very best part is the sale wall all the way to the back. It's a glorious oasis of size 4's just waiting for me to come by and pluck them, like ripened grapes from the vine :) Delightful!
4	Clearances are the way to go here. Shoes on clearance are on the far wall; farthest from the entrance, and, shirts, bags, and other accessories are on the racks one must pass by before getting to shoe displays.  Other than the clearance items, and the twenty percent off discount found on receipts (offered for filling out survey), the prices for Converse at Premium Outlet Shops North are not that outlety at all.  Pro Tips: + One can stack the offer of 20% on the purchase of clearance items. - If you are looking for superhero Converses, like Superman, Spidey, whatever, if they do not have them here, try Journey's as they might be carrying them (also, not at "outlet" pricepoints though). - They ask for your email to be put on an email list, but I have never received anything from Converse to date. I do receive spam from a plethora of sources though, although there is no telling if they are specifically guilty of any of it. I try to check out if they have anything I can live with, on clearance,  whenever I walk by. Very nice quality socks -- with nothing seemingly wrong with them -- for a buck or so, great quality shoes for next to nothing as well (~25$), and a staff that is helpful and seems genuinely happy to work there. This is one of my favourite stores at the outlet.  - E
2	Really was expecting so much more of options and actual savings could buy the same converse on-line for less.. great customer service tho as we where looking for a pair of converse that are hard to find.. and still remain hard to fine. The only real savings are in the Clearance section, but when I only see a discount of $110 to $100 I'm confused by that.
4	I have chucks for every size for my kids and this is where I go. Military discount, decent selection... Me likey a lot.
