5	We love this park and our puppies do too! Of course, there is the occasional owner who needs a swift kick in the pants, but you'll find that anywhere. I find it humorous that one woman was complaining to me about someone she encountered before who let her kids play with the dogs....(not sure why that's a bad thing, but, whatever...) and she had NO idea that they were my kids she was talking about. Lol! I guess next time I'll scold the kids for playing? I'm not sure what this woman expected.Also, my husband had to get someone else's dog off of ours (It was biting our dog) and got bit by the other dog in the process. The owner apologized up and down saying that his dog has NEVER done anything like that before. The funny thing is, I was there 2 weeks prior when his dog attacked someone else's dog. I think that perhaps he doesn't know what the word "NEVER" means.  Anyway, like I said, other than a couple of dingbats, this place is cool.
4	Just a quick update and a note to other owners. I keep reading/hearing people referring to the park as having two sides: one side for "good" dogs and one side for "bad" dogs. I'm not sure if people are too lazy to read the signs on the gates or if they just have a limited vocabulary which causes them to assign incorrect definitions to the words on the signs. Let me set the record straight: one side is for ACTIVE dogs. The other side is for PASSIVE dogs. This does not say, nor does it mean, one side is for AGGRESSIVE dogs and the other is not. If your dog is AGGRESSIVE, it is NOT allowed at the dog park. The ACTIVE side is for dogs who are ACTIVELY running and play hard. They are usually the bigger breeds, however, little ones are more than welcome. The PASSIVE side is for older dogs or dogs that are there for more of the social aspect rather than the exercise and energy release. Hopefully, this clears things up as I am tired of having to leave because of irresponsible people who think their dog is welcome to start trouble.
3	Once again, I had to leave because some stupid people think it's ok to bring aggressive dogs to the park. My dog was barely in the gate when the two dogs there attacked her. The couple who owned the dogs first just scolded the one dog then the man had to physically pull his dog off of mine. I left at that point but not before giving them an earfull. STOP TAKING UNSOCIAL, AGGRESSIVE DOGS HERE!!! I have a dog who is not good with other dogs so...guess what???? SHE STAYS HOME!!!!
5	First time there and it was a good experience, friendly people and large open space for dogs to run and play. Shaded areas and benches are provided which was nice. A restroom is very close, directly across parking lot.
3	Nice park. But people need to keep an eye on aggressive dogs. My 4 month old puppy was beat up by another dog this morning. 7-7-2012 We were the first ones out there this morning, around 5:15am We were just out there walking around, This lady and her grey/ and white dog. Was walking around. Then the dog came up to us for no reason, and jumped on my puppy just started beating him up. The owner didn't even do nothing.. The dog was almost killing my puppy. I yelled at the dog tried to stop him. Then he attacted me. Bit me very bad on left hand. The owner  asked me where I was going I said west valley hospital. I was very scared. She said she would meet us @ the Hosiptal. I never saw her show up.. Those kind of Aggressive or angry dogs shouldn't be allowed out there. Yea go at your own risk. But people should not let angry or aggressive dogs out there. The owner didn't even say sorry or give me her name, nothing.  Shame on her. And her aggressive dog.  I hope she teaches that mean old dog some manners...   Brenda Hansen... The Hosiptal visit was long. But west valley took special care of me.. Thank you Hosiptal
