4	Best fried chicken of all of the supermarket chicken deli's.  Even better than Safeway.  And cheap.  8 pieces for $7.99 normally, and sometimes, when you're lucky, you can get it as low as $4.99 when it's on sale.
3	The Albertson's at Deer Valley and 83rd Avenue is a mixed bag. It's great for things like cereal, canned goods, dairy and general processed foods. But their vegetable and meat selections are, admittedly, not good. Often when I go to the fruit and vegetable area, it's common to see greens black with rot (items like cilantro, parsley, etc.). I've purchased limes and lemons there that produce absolutely no juice, indicating they are not fresh. Things like apples, bananas, carrots and potatoes are generally fine. As for the meats, it is also very common to see many of the cuts are already turning brown or even displaying green spots. However, their employees are very friendly, helpful and generally fast to checkout and bag.
4	The people at this Alberson's are SO helpful and there is never a line.  Both things that are quite a change from the Fry's across the street which is always packed to the gills with customers less than chipper employees.It seems like there is always someone there and ready to help when you need it.  My ONLY complaint is that they do not stock shallots all the time and some other obscure ingredients can't be found there.Check it out instead of Fry's once.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.
1	I hate this stores layout...why are the toiletries in between the food isles. Quit trying to cross sell me at the deli counter and no, I don't need any ice or stamps!
4	I love this Albertsons. It's so big! The people are friendly and the selection is great.
5	I absolutely love this store and its employees.  "Thank God for Albertson's!" can be heard by my favorite cashier Every time he is working.  The store manager, Mr. Crabtree is such a wonderful manager, he goes above and beyond.  Albertson's supports my son's school.  They donate the Principals List Lunch and Mr. Crabtree delivers the food!  1st class service.  I love the 10% off on game days when I wear my AZ Cardinals jersey.  Love the employees at Starbucks too!  Starbucks is cheaper inside Albertson's too.
