3	This is where we went to dinner on Friday night.  It seemed like a pretty cool place as we walked in, there was an outdoor bar with misters, a restaurant and a bar which is where we ended up.My Italian chopped salad was good with celery and carrots which added some yummy crunch.  The Parmesan bread that surrounded my salad was also pretty good.  The pizza we had was the Venetian which was deep dish (not usually my fav) with green peppers, pepperoni and some other stuff.... I liked it.   Jodye ordered the Mac n cheese which I thought tasted like the kraft stuff grew up with - which to me was a turn off but Jodye loved it. Don't order wine, mine wasn't very good.  This is a place where you drink beer and drinks with red bull.  Apparently there is some thing there were if you have a gigantic beer mug that you bring in you're supposed to get a dollar off your beer (which we didn't get).The service here is not fabulous, it's not even good.  Our waitress took Jodye's mug and Jodye had to ask for it back.  The waitress looked at us like we were crazy... she also didn't write down our order and had to come back and confirm it with us, cause she forgot some of the stuff we ordered.All in all a good place for happy hour and for crowds.  It's loud and rambunctious.  Just don't expect good service.
4	The happy hour is slammin!! Happy hour is EVERYDAY from 4-7pm. They have half off all wine, well, and HUGE draft beers (only $3). The appetizers are also half off. I have tried the Mediterranean Fondue and the Flat Iron Steak Crustini. I WAS SHOCKED. The fondue was good, but the star is the steak crustini. It was so good and only $4.50. I like that the bar is completely separate from the dining room. I have not had lunch or dinner yet. I cannot believe this place is not busier for happy hour. I think I might become a regular.
3	Good food, poker on Saturday half price drinks and appatizers make it a solid evening at a decent price.
4	I know the name on the building says it is known for pizza, but the burgers are some of the best in town. When I lived in Chandler, I used to visit here more often. One time I visited in the evening and I don't remember what I ordered or what the issue was, but I was not happy and complained. The waitress had the manager come out and he offered to cook up a cheeseburger at no charge for my friend and I. We agreed, and to our surprise, it was incredible! Since that visit, I have exclusively ordered a burger.There is a regular Boston's burger for $8.19 and a bacon cheeseburger for about 80 cents more...if you order the regular burger and add cheese, that's 50 cents - so might as well just get the bacon cheese burger. The fries are excellent also with a nice seasoning.One thing that worries me about this place is that the past two times I have visited, there have not been many customers. I went today for lunch - 1:30 on a Saturday and I was the only customer. There was one waiter and when we asked if that was normal, he did say it is hit or miss. Two weeks ago he said it was busy and they had 3 servers, but last week they had to send 2 of them home because from 1-4 there were no customers. I would expect that happy hour is busier. Tonight he indicated they were putting two large projection televisions outside to show the Suns game 6 and afterwards, UFC 114. That might draw a crowd.I have not tried the pizza because now that I have had the burger I can't move on past it. It is a good burger and approximately the same price (perhaps even a buck cheaper) than what you would get at Red Robin.  Give Boston's a shot if you haven't lately.
1	I am actually giving Boston's a 2.5 Star rating here, let me tell you why.  While the food isn't the best I've had, its pretty darn good and its reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is good and its usually not that busy.The one consistent problem I have here, is the service.  They are slow and half the times I've been there it seems as if they forget they have tables to service.  I sat in the bar a couple of Friday's ago at about 6 pm while waiting for some friends.  I grabbed a booth (it was seat yourself) and three different waitresses walked by my table multiple times without acknowledging me.  Once my friends arrived, our waitress promptly asked if we had been served yet and took our orders.  Our food was good, but slow to come out.  Our drinks were cold, but slow to be refilled.Come on Boston's!!!!! You can do better than this!Update:And they've gone out of business... not surprising.
2	I was pumped about a place with a happy hour in Gilbert with a wide variety of menu items....ends up that I should have stuck with what I know.  We seated ourselves on the patio about 6pm on a Tuesday and had to ask for menus and water; when asking about happy hour deals, the server said, "I think it's $3 off appetizers" and we had to specifically ask what was on tap.  There was a family who arrived after we did and they were already on to dessert before we got our 3 appetizers delivered.  The spinach/cranberry salad had potential for being amazing but was drowned in dressing, I would order the pork sliders again, and the bacon-wrapped-steak skewers were grilled just right.  Oh, and the 15% off the next visit coupon they put with the bill...yea, there won't be a next time :(
