3	Food was acceptable.  Locals recommended hot sandwiches as the only things worth eating.  They tasted OK, the price seemed appropriate.  Wait staff at 3pm was very slow, took 2 hours start to finish.
1	Mikes is a chain resto that has changed for the worse progressively over the past decade. There was a time where I relished their subs to the point of an addiction as well as their awesome fries. Every year or so, I give in and order from one of their chains, hoping for a return of their golden age and every year I get predictably disappointed again. This year it the same old song.The ordering process is terribly quick and efficient. No qualms with that.Got my food within 30 minutes, though the delivery driver needed directions. Seriously? We're 2014 folks, why are people delivering without a GPS? Heck, free apps like Google Maps or Waze do the job admirably. I shouldn't be telling you how to get to my place like it's the 19th century.So, if I got my food within 30 minutes, how exactly is it cold? My 14 inch co-star sandwich was barely warm and it was close to 10 degrees outside. How is this even possible? Had to heat it up. The bread tasted old and the meat flavorless. Terrible sub, even by Mike's standards. Maybe they should be shielding the food properly for deliveries... or heck, maybe even dish out a bit more for fresh ingredients. It's an embarrassment.The 9 inch all dressed pizza was the star of the show by being decent. Sauce was zesty and the dough actually seemed fresh. Nowhere close to other pizzas offered in my area... but it was actually edible.The fries were dead cold, as if they just scooped up some fries lying around for the sucker getting the delivery. They were also undercooked and unsalted. What did I actually get?The onion rings were about the worst type of onion rings one can be unfortunate enough to receive. Completely cold and greasy with no hint of crispiness or flavor beyond the grease. Once again, unsalted.The price tag was about $35, no way shape or form equivalent to the value of the meal received. All in all, this Mike's delivery was a disaster and I think it's due time to throw the pamphlet to this grub in the trash once and for all.
2	Mikes use to be the place to go about 15 years ago but has gone down a lot over the years.Decent price and the food is ok but not what it use to be.The service was very slow and it was fairly empty went there on a Thursday night around 9pm so no reason to take so long to serve.We got 2 sub and they were lukewarm and the bread wasn't really toasted.Wish they would go back to what they use to serve
