4	The hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly and accommodating...even when I lost my room key at midnight. Free wifi, clean rooms.
4	I stayed here with my mom and my brother for MLB All-Star weekend in July 2011.  We stayed 3 nights, checking in on Saturday and out on Tuesday.  The hotel doesn't look overly impressive from the outside, but the inside and amenities and value completely won us over.  This is a great place to stay on a budget if you can't afford the Hyatt right downtown.  :-PThe rooms really are newly-remodeled and look great inside -- new tile in the bathroom for the floor and shower, granite countertop for the sink area, new furniture in the room, large flat-screen tv, memory foam mattresses for the beds, etc.  Our only complaint was that the bathroom door didn't quite shut all the way, but that was room-specific to our room.  There's a mini fridge (no freezer in it) and a microwave, too.  The a/c was fairly loud, especially while trying to sleep, but being in Phoenix (especially in summer) you're just grateful that it's working.  :)Parking is free.  Wifi is free (password was included on a card in the room).  Continental breakfast was free, and although very basic was still nice to have.  There were packaged muffins and pastries and granola bars, a bowl of fruit, and yogurt available in a little fridge in the lobby.  They also had coffee, a pitcher of OJ, juice boxes, and bottles of water (definitely awesome).  There's a McDonald's 1 block away if you want more easy breakfast options.The best part about this hotel is the value -- it's not the biggest, nicest, fanciest hotel around, but you will pay far less than anything else nearby and within walking distance of downtown.  The first night of our stay was $69 and the second two nights were $89 each (jacked up due to the All-Star game, but still cheap comparatively).  It's difficult to find anything less than mid-$100's elsewhere nearby.  We walked into downtown every day, all the way to Chase Field from the hotel (just over a mile).  It was fairly brutal in the July 100+ degree heat, but it's do-able and worth it to not have to pay for (and deal with) parking downtown.  There's also a light rail station 4 blocks away from the hotel, so it's definitely an option to just walk to the light rail station and then take that anywhere else (Chase Field is 2 stops down from the closest one to the hotel -- $1.75 for a one-way ride, or $3.50 for an all-day pass).  The convention center is even closer to the hotel than Chase Field, so getting there was an easier walk.  Walking around in the winter would certainly be very pleasant, anyway.  :)The hotel is kind of on the sketchy edge of town, but just barely on the border.  It's not even sketchy, but just more run-down than the main downtown area.  We never felt unsafe, even walking back to the hotel after 10pm sometimes.The staff was also quite friendly and nice -- the lobby where you check in (and get breakfast off the counter) is extremely tiny, but the guys checking you in were very nice.  They even held onto a case of beer for us for the day we checked out while we went into town for the game, and we didn't want to leave the beer in the hot car all day long.  They were nice about storing it in the back for us, and they didn't even drink any of it while watching it for us all day long.  :-P  It was an extra nicety that they did just because, not that they had to watch our stuff for us even after we checked out.All in all, it's a great value for your money, so if you can't afford the mid- to high-hundreds of dollars to stay somewhere fancy downtown, this is the place to be.  You can still walk to everything, your room will be nice and new, and you can get free wifi and basic breakfast.  A great deal!!!
2	So, we land in Phoenix and call for the 'free shuttle' they offer.  Apparently, you need a 24 hour advance notice because they refused to send one.  They said the driver is on a schedule and would not contact him to see if he was in the area. We ended up taking a cab to the hotel ($24) and there at the hotel is the shuttle and the driver.  He even said he was just at the airport :(  We check in at 1pm to our room- they were replacing all the doors so there was dirt, dust, and drywall pieces on the floor when we walked in.  We did tell the front desk about it and they were just like 'meh, ok.'  The door looked like if you gave it 1 good kick it would open up.  So, next am they offer continental breakfast (sunny D, bad coffee, 5 bananas, and gas station package sweet buns), grabbed a banana after dumping my coffee out.
2	Was clean but otherwise, not nice. The contential breakfast was a bottle of sunny d, bad coffee and horrible pastries. The owners/manager was not helpful and rude. The hotel shuttle needs to be booked far in advance too.
3	Great value for money. Recently renewed and so really clean as well. Staff was friendly. The room had bad ventilation, and smelled like bleach when arrived.The AC was noisy and didn't feel really effective. Continental breakfast is not worth mentioning...
5	I had to stay the night in Phoenix as transportation to my next job wouldn't pick me up until the next day.  I trusted the name of my old reliable hotel I always stay at in Santa Cruz, CA.  Called them up and told them I was a "Value Club Member" and checked in a few hours later.  Very nice owner and FANTASTIC room.  King size bed, flat screen TV (70+ channels), very clean, and quiet.  The only drawback was not quite of a nice of an area but not TERRIBLE.
5	Nothing to complain about. Everything is true in my check in review. Sam is awesome. Highly recommended.
5	We stayed here for one night before going to Jerome. We had no complaints, the staff was friendly, the room was clean and the shuttle service was acceptable. You do have to make a reservation for the shuttle but the process was quick and easy and the hotel emailed the directions about where to meet the shuttle driver at the airport. The shuttle drivers were polite and friendly. It doesn't look like it's a great part of Phoenix but everything in downtown Phoenix is in walking distance and we felt safe walking back to the hotel at 11 PM after a concert at US Airways center. If you sign up for their value club you get a cheaper rate.If you do drive to this hotel parking seemed sort of limited. Would stay here again.
3	Best bang for your buck in phoenix. But you also get what you pay for. The room was a lot smaller than we imagined. The professional pictures on their website made the rooms look spacious. PLUS: Free breakfast (waffle machine)! Mini fridge and microwave in the room. HD tv. Convenient location, free parking (although it was packed at night!)CON:THE SMELL: Our bathroom smelled like a homeless person. It had a musty-moldy-"person who never showered"-smell to it. We kept the air vents on the whole time hoping it would disappear. I couldn't figure out where it came from either because the bathroom looked clean. I don't even want to imagine who stayed in this room before us :( The towels were scratchy and torn apart but it's a motel so oh wells. Our feet were black after walking around the room with no shoes. AC was loud, but the white noise drowned out the noises from the parking lot. Ice is $0.25 for a hotel-bucket full. I'm sure we'd chose this motel again if we visit Phoenix since it's better than the budget lodge next door. Fingers crossed for a better-smelling bathroom!
