4	I've only ever ordered lunch from here, so I can't review the interior of the restaurant. They offer a $7 lunch special that includes about 5-10 options that all include a soda; chicken fingers/wings and fries, foot-long philly cheese steak (or one made with chicken!), giant greek or caesar salad w/or w/out chicken, small pizza, etc. I've ordered the philly and the greek salad lunch specials, and I've split one of their special pizzas that comes with shrimp. The philly is better than the average cheap pizza place, with lots of gooey cheese and veggies and meat all crammed into the bread. It's on a soft white bread that makes it ideal for ripping off a handful of deliciousness to gnaw on while attending to other tasks. The greek salad was HUGE, enough for 2 filling meals for me and was loaded with goodies; cucumbers, pepperonicinis, tomato, PITTED kalamata olives- nice because so many places use the ones with pits, chunks of feta, red onion slivers and lots of chicken. The specialty pizza was also delicious- it had a white sauce with spinach and a blend of cheese melded with well-handled shrimp. The shrimp actually tasted like real shrimp and weren't over or undercooked, so that was hugely impressive from a place that's mainly billed for pizza. The crust wasn't particularly memorable, but it wasn't bad (because bad would be memorable, right?). The delivery was expedient, probably only about a half hour or so of wait time for a shop just off Spring Mountain and the strip. I'll be ordering from here again and will update when I've tried more items!
2	We ordered for takeout and it took forever during non-peak hours and they screwed up our order. My boyfriend ordered the Philly Cheesesteak pizza but they gave him the sub, because it took so long, we didn't bother complaining. We also ordered a pepperoni mushroom and olive pizza. The sub was good but the pizza quality was just a step above frozen pizza quality. The mushrooms were canned not fresh and the crust was kind of greasy. We picked it because of it being close to the Rio and the other Yelp reviews, but we'd have been better off ordering from Pizza Hut or Domino's.
4	This place is new, so not alot of customers yet. The food is great, and they have awesome prices... this place will be in frequent rotation for sure :)It is very clean too.
5	I am a near by business that orders lunch from Apollo's at least 3-4 times a week and the food, service and delivery people are all great. The chicken skewers are unbelievable. They are sooooo good. I have never had better in my life!!!!! You will not be disappointed. Ask for Ana!!  She's the best!
1	I can say enough about this place. I first learned about Apollos from a flyer I received at my office, and it has become a regular rotation in the week for my whole crew to eat from Apollos. Between the 4 of us we have ordered just about everything on the menu, and have yet to have anything but delicious, fresh food... including the pizza. The best part is they really have a large variety of food... you get your normal pizzeria menu with all the things that you usually expect, but they also have Greek food, all of which is phenomenal. And let me just state, probably one of the best Stromboli's I've ever had. And to top it off, it's run by a very awesome family. The service is great, the food is great. A true rare gem to find in Vegas.01/10/2014I've had my final straw with Apollo's. This place used to be soooooo awesome, as mentioned in my previous review, but since ownership has changed hands, there's been a rapid decline in customer service as well as quality of food. The woman that answers the phone and runs the front counter is argumentative and rude (& is the owners wife, as I found out today), and today marks the 5th time in a row that they have screwed up my food. I am done. It really is sad because the original owners of this place knew what good food was and how to take care of their customers.
3	Ordered delivery on a Thursday night and it took about an hour - right as scheduled. Started off with a $5 order of Mozarella sticks which were quite good, despite probably being frozen originally. Main course was Greek Spaghetti, which said was served with a meat sauce and feta cheese. Now, basically I can't really imagine that is true Greek style pasta. It was basically spaghetti with a thin layer of meat sauce topped with a thin layer of cheese and then the feta came on the side. I ended up adding the feta to my salad (included) and putting a few cubes on my garlic bread that was also included. Most versions of Greek spaghetti incude olive oil and butter and feta. On well, there was a delivery fee and they have a large menu, but heartburn is just dying down now. It was a big portion though.
1	Twice...I repeat TWICE we ordered from this place and that's it. The first time we called and ordered pizza and a 2 liter of Diet Coke. When it arrived they had the generic Diet Rite!!! Wtf!!!! What kind of cheap place substitutes out the 2 liter of soda when they charge $3/bottle!!! The next visit we specifically ask what brands of soda they had and they said Pepsi. So we ordered a 2 liter of Pepsi.  Super simple request that I've never had a problem with anywhere else. When the pizza comes they bring us some Pepsi X DRAGONFRUIT FLAVORED PEPSI!!!!! WHAT THE HELL?!??! All I want is Pepsi. Regular freaking normal simple everyday PEPSI!!!!Anyways...The pizza is mediocre at best. Not worthy of a review on its own. The wings are probably the only part of the order that deserve any recognition (that recognition is a1-star). Never again will I order from here. It's get my stamp!DO             NOT              EAT             AT                 APOLLO'S!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome food, awesome service, family owned and it shows, quick delivery and great price....what more could u ask for?  Thanks Anna!
5	Ordered as a last resort because my son was sick and I didn't have anything for dinner. Ordered pizza, wings and zucchini sticks. Everything was great! The wings were warm and crispy. The zucchini wasn't soggy at all. The pizza was great, too! Delivery took a while but it was worth it.
1	Ordered a burger and diet pepsi from here. First time I've ordered, and the last.. one hour and fifteen minutes later my sort of warm burger arrived as I am calling to cancel the order. I took the food and payed the man who stated they just had to fire a driver. As stated, the burger was warm at best and not very good.  With delivery time and the food quality, I would not order from here again.
4	My office ordered from here today for the first time. I must say we all were pleasantly surprised. We ordered a Philly cheese steak, Gyro, and Chicken sub. the food came with drinks and the sandwiches with fries. Our food was hot, delicious and only 24 bucks for the 3 of us. My Philly steak was WAY better than POPS Philly's on Decatur. I know We will be ordering from here again. **Only down fall the delivery took about an hour. Hopefully it will be faster next time!
1	So far not impressed. Ordered food and was quoted a 45 minute wait time. It's been 1 hour and 15 minutes and my food still isn't here!! If the foods amazing maybe it will make up for it. We will see!
1	I saw this flyer as I dragged myself into my hotel room after a long road trip and a starving family. $20 for a 2 topping large 12 wings and a 2 litter of Coke? what a deal! Then it came and my exuberance from finding a great deal turned into self-pity for getting tricked. 1. The dough/crust tasted sour doughy/rotten.. 2. they used CANNED mushrooms. 3. The cheese didnt stretch nor taste/look like real cheese! The places has all kinds of ewww going on so stay away. Like I said, I found it under my hotel room door. I think they prey on folks from out of town (one time  customers) without internet access to check the reviews. No way  this place has repeat customers.
1	Why can't we give negative stars? This place would earn the most if we could trust me. They shorted us on our order and when we called to let them know, they got all rude and even tried charging us for food we had already paid for and hadn't received. Your money is better spent buying microwaveable pizza, that way you aren't disappointed, it's inexpensive, and no one will be rude to you!
5	Hidden on of the corner at  Valley view and sirius. Great pizza, they have everything!! The Lady that helped us was very sweet. Definitaley recommend, I will be posting some pics.
2	Ok . So another  Pizza joint down.. The case of the good the ugly. Order Gyro, Philly pizza, choc mouse cake for dessert 1. One of the better Gyro's I have had. flavor etc, could of used more sauce but thats to personal taste. 2. - Verry Verry disappointed. The dough was under cooked or partially cooked there where pockets of air where it was raw inside.These are defiantly canned mushrooms I use to own a pizza joint and can tell difference. Well these where just really bad along with the dough. The dough felt like cardboard esk maybe due to rawness see pics soon.The cheese was descent. It was a shame cause I actually like the pizza sauce, it had flavor and texture. The philly meat was light on portion size also I am not shure , they could use a mix of grated cheddar and mozzarella  to make this better. Also do not use those mushrooms. Yes I know button nose mushrooms are expensive but trust me customers can tell product wise know. espic. if we work in trade. 3. Choc Mouse dessert -- one of the better ones I have had not frozen witch has happened or flavorless. It seems that they are trying to be to much either a Greek food place serving classic Greek flare or Italian food restaurant serving such.  I also ordered on the website for a coke product and got a pepsi one main reason I wanted to order and try seems pepsi is buying out the pizza restaurants lol. overall good greek food and dessert pizza's could use alot of work.
1	I work nearby this place(valley view & spring mtn) so I decided to stop by and get myself a pizza. It was awful, took them 30 minutes, pizza was watery and greasy. After the second byte I threw it away. I will never go there again !
1	I should've known the food was going to suck when I had that flyer slipped under my hotel door. I ordered the shrimp fettuccine Alfredo, steak fries, lamb gyro, white pizza, chicken Alfredo, and broccoli cheese soup. Everything was tasteless. Absolutely everything. I was blinded by hunger and I now know I should have looked up reviews on this place. I honestly felt like I just wasted $60 :/
2	Ordered their family special which included 12 wings, when we received the wings there was only 10. I immediately called them any the discrepancy. I was told it's either 10-12 depending on how big the wings are. False advertising. He told me when I call back that he will guarantee I receive 12 wings. You can best believe I won't be calling them back
1	This is the worst pizza place ever. They were rude when we called to complain and didn't want to make anything better. Chuck e cheese and frozen pizzas are better than their tasteless awful cardboard pizzas.
2	Mediocre- pretty sure it's a drug front because they've never had any other business when I've been by. Interior looks like someone's cluttered living room, complete with snacks and stuffed animals. 12 piece wing, as someone else mentioned, comes with less than 12 wings- I counted 11 and one was the size of my thumb. Ranch it comes with tasted off, possibly spoiled or just a really bad discount mix.Mozzarella sticks were mostly breading, which is sad when they're $1/stick and falling apart. The marinara dipping sauce was the tastiest part of the meal.I knew I shouldn't have asked about their soups but the $2.50/cup of potato soup tasted like it was fresh out of the can, devoid of any seasoning whatsoever.Service was polite but that's not enough to bring me back here. $17 is an absurd price for what was received.
3	The pizza was not the best I've had...but the service was decent and the wait time was very long...
4	I was really pleased with the food here. I got some appetizers first and they came out quick and hot. After that the pizza came just on time it was a good lunch for me.
2	My opinion, wasn't the best pizza and service I've had. Wait was slow seemed like I was there for over an hour just to eat in fifteen minutes.
