3	How Do You Roll? just opened a new a fast-casual sushi spot in Ballantyne that allows diners to design their own sushi rolls or bowls. Protein options include many cooked meats like beef, chicken, freshwater ell (unagi) and even crawfish tails. Salmon, escolar and tuna are available raw. Both seaweed and soy wraps are available and you can choose from white or brown rice. Then you pick your veggies, toppings and sauces. Classic and original rolls designed by the restaurant are also available. This location of How Do You Roll? joins an uptown Charlotte location and two dozen or so total locations throughout the country.I was invited to preview the restaurant's offerings earlier this week and enjoyed the Director's Cut roll (above), custom shrimp roll (below) and sides such as the tasty and authentic miso soup, edamame, calamari salad and seaweed salad. I also sampled the fruit roll and green tea mochi ice cream. Whether you think you love sushi or not, this is a great alternative for a healthy, fast meal. Even if you don't like raw fish there is plenty here for you to try.
4	I had a super craving for sushi...so I grabbed my co-worker and we decided to try How Do You Roll? we didn't really know what to expect but it was actually an awesome experience!The menu is pretty simple, they have some featured rolls like the Cali roll and the Philly roll but they also give you the option to make it however you want! So we decided to try a featured roll and create one on our own...First we went with a safe bet and tried the Cali Roll- seaweed wrap, Kani (crabsstick), cucumber, avocado and sesame seeds. We both LOVE our sushi spicy so to kick it up a notch we added the spicy mayo and chili powder. Our sushi expert also suggested we add the crab mix which is shredded crab in a sweet marinade. And we were not disappointed...the crab mix added great flavor to the roll and the spicy mayo really gave it that kick we needed! Second we created our own...I'm so glad my co-worker loves spicy too so we went all out for this roll...we started with the seaweed wrap and white rice then added jalapenos, green onions and cucumbers, for our meat we selected the spicy crawfish tails and added chili powder, spicy mayo and the sweet chili sauce on the side. And if I must say...we do know how to roll (sorry I couldn't help myself!) The  spicy crawfish tasted great with the fresh jalapenos and green onions. Also the sweet chili sauce was soooo good! Spicy and sweet....YUM!!!!After leaving my sushi craving was definitely satisfied! The presentation of each roll was beautiful and all the flavors we tried were great....With so many meats and veggies to choose from I will definitely be back!
2	Place was new/clean.  Sushi NOT good.  Your ingredient choices are very limited and low quality, the rice gets kind of hard because it sits around in pre-prepped sheets.  There is no artistry (or Asians), as they use a machine to make your sushi, which I'm skeptical about based on principal, but also because it's on the counter all day at room temp cutting raw fish.  No music and empty, so kind of eerie while eating, and more of a subway feel than asian.  People are commenting on how they get to customize the sushi here... but you can do that at any sushi place.  Anyway, for me.. High prices for low quality sushi = not worth going back.
4	This place has a great concept.  It basically works like a Subway or a Moe's.  You can pick out all the ingredients for your roll or select one of the menu items where the ingredients are listed.  Then you just watch the staff build the roll right in front of you.  This is the only sushi place that I am familiar with that is located within just a few minutes of the center of the corporate park.  I've been a few times now and have enjoyed it every time.
3	I finally made it over to HDYR today to check out the place. We arrived right around noon and there were a couple of people in line, but the place was not too busy.  I decided to try the "Annie's roll"  which consisted of 1/2 tuna and 1/2 salmon along with brown rice, a traditional wrapper, cucumber, avacado and strawberry.    I probably would not have thought to use strawberries in sushi, but it worked.  It turned out to be a nice combination of flavors.I paired it with with a cup of miso soup and a drink for  around $8.50.  While it is certainly not the best quality sushi I have ever eaten, for a "fast casual" sushi joint, it was fine. The employees were friendly and helpful.  The only thing that bothers me is the same thing that one other reviewer points out... they put your roll into this machine to cut it into pieces.  It just makes you wonder how sanitary it is to have that machine sitting there all day at room temp cutting roll after roll of various types of sushi.  Maybe next time I'll skip the roll and get a bowl instead.
3	Made it over to HDYR for an early-ish lunch after the start of some Saturday excursions. We were some of the only customers in, so it made it a more swift experience that it could have been. The set up is much like other makeline driven businesses. Start at one end, pick your base, add all of your other choice add-ins, pay, eat. Their system is really simple and they make it efficient for sushi. We order three rolls total --two california and a veggie. The rolls take the staff a little while to prepare since they have to portion out the rice, nori, add all of the veggies, roll it up AND THEN they have this brilliant slicer machine! That was the most exciting moment for me. How smart they are...We ordered the miso soup to go along with our sushi. Pretty standard and so good with the sushi. The cali rolls were great. Just as they should have been. The veggie rolls were good as well. Fresh, flavorful, simple, and filling. This is pretty much exactly what you should expect from a quick casual sushi place. The price is reflective as well. We ate for less than $20 for the two of us and were very full. If I were in the market for a quick lunch, I'd head back in a heartbeat!
5	The sushi is fantastic!  The people are great, the ingredients are fresh and what can be better then actually choosing what you would like in your sushi roll on any given day.  The portions are large and the pricing is not.  What a concept and an even better combination.  We will definitely be back here.  Try it at least once and so will you.
1	Closed...time to take it off the website!
2	The phone number does not ring to a business. The individual who answered gets called a lot, but is not How Do You Roll.I sure hope it opens again somewhere else, it sounds cool. I think it closed because it is not in a busy spot and is hard to find. I only know of it because I go to Wich Wich next door to it a lot.Please don't call, I was embarrassed to call her because I know how annoying it is to have a number that the wrong people keep calling.
3	This was good when it was open. Had several different options for sushi, soup, etc. At decent prices. This location has closed.
