5	I recently attended the Bulgarian Bag workout through Rick Baird of Peak Performance fitness. The class was unlike anything I had ever experienced. The workout uses this large, heavy bag that is swung around for a full body cardio workout. I was sore for days! But it was worth it, every minute.I took the class repeatedly, about 4 or 5 times. I found myself learning how to use my body weight to swing the bag around and learned how to use momentum and gravity to engage my whole body. Rick was calm and yet tough. He pushed the class to keep working through the difficult moves. He worked everyone to their limit, like a good trainer should.I was impressed and decided to help get him press in Las Vegas through my company Crowd Siren. We worked on a small press hit that got news traction in the community.What he is doing is definitely news worthy!One of only five people in the country are certified to teach this workout it is no doubt that he is a success.I highly suggest stepping out of your comfort zone and trying this new workout. It will have you moving in ways that you haven't before and will encourage and challenge muscle growth. All ages are welcome to try. There were kids there as young as ten and adults as old as seventy. New mothers were in attendance and fit young athletes.Rick is the only one giving the Bulgarian Bag Workout it's name in Vegas, so he's the person to go to!
4	Just had my first session with Rick - what a blast! I am on vacation and decided to keep up our corporate athlete routine while visiting Las Vegas.I have worked out with a variety of high end personal trainers for the last 10 years and would put Rick within that top tier of actual athletes whom train out of their passion for fitness.He is knowledgable and personable a great combo and understands how hard to push each individual client (there were two of us).I dig his innovative tactics with the Bulgarian bags!
4	Rick, has really helped me loose weight and stay motivated.  I highly recommend his boot camp classes
