4	A friend and I came in here a while back to shop for babies. Unfortunately, they don't REALLY exchange babies here, but they do have lots of cool new and very gently used stuff that babies and little kids really need, so it's a groovy and good thing.And we DO need to support our independent stores -- go Urban Babies!!!
4	I recently joined a very exclusive club in Central Phoenix--Breeders Who Don't Want to Move to the 'Burbs.  It was a little scary at first--will they still let me eat at Cibo? At Matt's? Can I rock one of those baby rickshaws at First Friday? Where will I go for nifty baby stuff?  There may not be a Babies-R-Us in Central Phoenix, but we have the Urban Baby Exchange, and it's way cooler because it's friendlier and locally-owned.  Here's how it works: Cool moms can bring the stuff that their little ones outgrew or tired of to Urban Baby Exchange, and other cool moms can pick it up for their own little ones to enjoy.  By shopping there, one can save money and help the planet by re-using! I've seen strollers, exersaucers, highchairs, clothes, costumes, books, mobiles, slings, and even brand new stuff like Peanut Shells and diaper bags.I'd also like to say HURRAH to the owner for redefining what it means to be a "working mom"--her itty bitties hang out with her throughout the day. Awesome.Olivia and I are definitely fans. The more people who come to buy and sell, the better Urban Baby Exchange will be!
4	Yay for local babies! We got a smoking deal on a set of Dwell studio baby bedding here and stocked up on clothes and a few books. Awesome prices and the owner was friendly and helpful. We'll be back once the little one comes!
1	I just went by yesterday, in hopes of finding the perfect little baby gift... but the store looked closed. Permanently. Bummer.
1	The store might HAVE BEEN great but it is history.  Why a business wouldn't update their website is beyond me.  Leaves me in serious doubt of just how "great" it / or their owners were.   I drove 30 minutes to check out the great stuff and it is most certainly closed- didn't even have a sign up just a "space for lease" sign all over the front.  SAVE YOUR TIME and don't go.  If I had called first, I could have saved myself the hour of wasted time and gas; their phone is also disconnected.
3	My toddler has been really fussy lately because he's got a bunch of teeth coming in at once.  When I heard there was a place we could trade him in for a newer model, I was excited at first.  But from reading the reviews here, I don't feel that this place is anything like what its name implies, and furthermore it appears to have closed down.  They get a mediocre three stars from me, but I might have given them five (or one) if only they were around to address my concerns.
