5	Awesome Vietnamese place. It was recommended to me by the Vietnamese owner of a gelato shop (random, huh). The pho is really good and the spring rolls are excellent as well. Good place to go if you are looking for good, cheap vietnamese food. A bowl of Pho is under $5!
5	Best Vietnamese restaurant in the area. It's a slightly run-down restaurant in an unassuming strip mall, but the food is fantastic.The menu ranges from traditional pho to rice or noodle dishes to crustry bread sandwiches. Some hot pot, family-style dishes are also available. I've never had the pho, but my father raves that it's the best soup he's ever had.My favorite dish is Bun Thit Nuong (#34). It's a bed of fresh lettuce, bean sprouts and rice vermicelli with about 10 oz. of barbequed pork, topped with minced green onions and crushed peanuts. It's served with with Nuoc Cham, a traditional sweet/sour/salty dressing with grated carrots. Cost: $4.75.I also recommend the roll appetizers. Two dollars will get you two shrimp and pork spring rolls in rice paper, or two fried pork and vegetable egg rolls with all the typical trimmings (wrap the eggroll in lettuce and mint leaves before dipping in the Nuoc Cham).
1	Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food and how healthy it is I tried this place with a friends recommendation. He had pointed this place out since it had the very same menu as my favorite place Da Vang. Knowing this I thought this place was maybe a family relative or something and might have a very similar food, which should be very good. Boy was I wrong! So wrong that I would almost have thought that my friend was playing a horrible joke on me. Had he not been sitting next to me I would have thought that he was not serious about this place. Almost so bad to the point that I had to question our friendship for a brief short period we were sitting there. To start, the spring roll. One of the most popular Vietnamese creations that everyone knows. When done right it can cause overloading emotions of happiness and satisfaction. We all know that a good spring roll is a sign of a good beginning to a meal, almost like that first real good kiss you get. Well this one is not it, small, skinny and filled with nothing but lost hope and broken dream. Small portions of shrimp and meat, if there was any meat in it at all. Most of all the they even cheaped out on the vermicelli noodles, lettuce and mint. More like the worst kiss you ever got , bad enough to break up over. Then the pho, the staple of Vietnamese cuisine, the first thing that anyone thinks about when they hear Vietnamese food. Well upon ordering the food I expected a delicious and heart warming soup. Well the broth was flavorless, I could have made a better one with water and  a bouillon cube. The dish was beautiful though. So simple, and the onions and jalapeno cut thin as they can get it and the cilantro chopped roughly. The taste was just not there. The service like any Vietnamese place was lacking. This place was the worst of them all. The server, a kid who spoke no English paying no attention to anyone and not caring at all.  He must have gotten suckered into free labor by his father or someone who equally didn't care about their patrons.All in all the visual appeal of the pho was amazing in that the small details of the ingredients were executed nicely. The  spring roll was done poorly and you can get a better one from Trader Joe's. The flavors of the food lacking in all aspects, please someone give them some salt and pepper to cook with. Pho in it's greatness can be enjoyed with out all the sriracha or hoison we all love to ruin the natural flavor of the broth with, but this place it is needed to bring the brown water of a broth to life.
5	After going to and trying many different Vietnamese restaurants, this hands down is my favorite.  Please note that the good stuff is located at the back of the menu under family meals.  Once there, try the Tamarind soup.  It is like nothing you have every tasted and will keep you coming back.
3	The pho is good but I had one BIG problem. I ordered Spring Rolls and they never brought the peanut sauce. I've never been to a place where peanut sauce did not come with my spring rolls.Also, the three bean desert was a bit disappointing.I will agree, the place is authentic, but I guess I'm just spoiled by Pho restaurants in OC (Little Saigon)
4	chaaayp!  this place is a well kept secret.  we ordered the pho and bun.  as good as anyplace we've eaten and the prices range from $2.00 (for the  banh mi) and $4.75 for a decent sized bowl of pho.the place is a nice little dive with courteous and cordial staff.  on a saturday afternoon the place was steadily busy.great find.
4	My fave place for Vietnamese...  also being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
4	Moving the review to Phu Thanh... this one is a misspelling.
4	My fave place for Vietnamese...  being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
3	Love it here. I like Thit Nuong, the best. The staff is slow because there are only one guy. The other guy is the owner. Think they should hire more people. Otherwise, anything else is good.
1	My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
4	tho inconsistant at times, i always come back when i am staying on the East Valley.. perfect hangover food =)for dinner i reccomend wehre you get the grill on your table and make your own spring rolls. it is gooood, but be aware you will smell like it for the rest of the evening
5	They have the best pho tai. The broth is home made and not from a can. The egg rolls and spring rolls are really good. Bahn xeo is also the best I have had.. bahn xeo is a rice crepe filled with sauted bean sprouts, pork, and shrimp. You wrap it in romaine lettuce and dip it in the fish sauce. It looks kinda of like an omelette but there is no egg in it. The service is a little slow but it is well worth it, the two guy waiters kinda just float around, just holla at them if ya need anything. The fried rice and roasted chicken is also really good. Very affordable and so yum o!
2	From the outside, Phu Thanh looks different from any other Vietnamese restaurant in town. It's larger, has a huge presence outside of the typical hidden strip mall, and looks promising. Rest assured, Phu Thanh is different from most Vietnamese restaurants on the east side... it's very very bad. During a one-hour dinner in their dining room, I noticed three tables that were covered in dirty dishes upon my arrival, and still covered in the same dirty dishes upon my departure. Not to say this ruined my experience, but it sure was disgusting to look at. The waiter service here was actually nicer and more helpful than most, a which is the saving grace here. They offered a refill of my water (rare) and even came back to see if I needed anything else (very rare.) The clientele here seemed like predominately young married couples and young families of non-asian descent. I had been craving a bowl of Bun all day, a rice noodle dish served with julienned veggies, your choice of meat, and a nuoc mam (fish sauce) to give it a nice flavor. I also ordered spring rolls  prior to my meal, and was a tad surprised when, having ordered in Vietnamese, the server asked me questions that made no sense. My order of Goi Cuon garnered a respose of "fried or not fried" which definitely threw me off since fried would be Gha Gio, an entirely different dish... did you ask this because I'm white? He then asked "you need fork right?" No, I just gave you my entire order and said hello in conversational Vietnamese... this wasn't a tip off that I know how to eat your food? The spring rolls were very small and contained little filling. I'm used to Goi Cuon bursting with veggies pork and shrimp, not little tiny thunb sized things. When the Bun came, the noodles were all broken, which made it almost impossible to eat in anything other than tiny bites. The Nuoc Mam had an overwhelming fish sauce smell and flavor and was easily the worst I've ever had, and completely lacked chili, garlic, or anything to mask the fish sauce. Utterly awful. I also felt like the Bun portion was incredibly small compared to other Viet restaurants in town.I would hesitate to give this place any sort of recommendation, given it's proximity to some of the best Vietnamese restaurants in town. The quality seemed to be on par, and service was somewhat decent, but the combination of small portions, bad tasting food, and lack of ability to clean a table earns this restaurant a solid two-star review. Also, eating Vietnamese more than three times a week, I've had a good run of over two years and haven't become sick from a place. This one has had me burping for the past 12 hours and feeling kind of queasy... nothing major, but definitely something didn't sit well. I'm honstly not sure what the appeal of this restaurant is. Two miles away is Pho Ao Sen, one of the premier spots in the valley.
3	This place is your standard hole in the wall pho. They've got good tasting pho and spring rolls for cheap. :D The cleanliness is definitely lacking but more flavor fo' yo' noodlee!
5	Love this place even though it looks ghetto on the outside and inside ha. Authentic Vietnamese food. Problem is they will never give u the tab, u literally have to chase them down to pay. But all their menu items are sooo good and super cheap ranging from five to seven dollars for a large portion of food. Favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Arizona!
5	This is my old review so I thought I'd update it since this place is now closed due to a tragic incident that happened back in March 2013 -  an employee was shot by her husband then he shot himself inside the restaurant. It was on the news: (http://www.abc15.com/dpp/news/region_southeast_valley/mesa/fd-shots-fired-at-mesa-business)Anyways, they have a new location that's owned by one of the brothers. Its located on Dobson & S. of Broadway, behind Domino's Pizza: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-thuan-thanh-mesaBe sure to order their Pho #22 with rice noodle. They use quality meat and you wont find anything weird like fish eyeballs in your soup.  It consists of quality thin beef strips, fish meatball (don't let this freak you out...its good), pork wonton, shrimp, crab & squid. My other favorite is their fresh spring rolls (not fried) that come with Hoisen & Peanut sauce...super cheap & healthy. They also have another location owned by their sister. It's located on 19th Ave & Camelback (http://www.yelp.com/biz/da-v%C3%A0ng-phoenix-2)
5	Phu Thanh is one of the better and cheaper pho places to eat in Tempe/Mesa.  THE GOOD:Their food tastes good and it won't burn a whole in your wallet. They are quick with seating you, taking your order, and giving you food.  THE BAD:Don't expect for great service. The waiters are nice but will not come around to refill your water or give you a check in a timely manner. You have to ask for it.  THE UGLY:The whole restaurant is soo ugly. I was skeptical to go eat here at first because it looks like some dirty jailhouse. It's really old and it looks scary but you get used to it.
5	Great food and great prices! Although I haven't ventured far from what I'm comfortable with. The 2A is my favorite soup and noodles ever!
5	Love at first taste! My buddy at work asked me if I have had lunch already cuz she's getting a Vietnamese food - I thought it was a good idea so I'm like, forget my brown bag and go for the Chow Mein! And boy was it so damn good - I always love it when the portion is enormous that I couldn't eat it all at one meal! :D The Chow Mein is packed with veggies and lotsa seafoods! For $6, what a deal! Looking forward to another Phu Thanh lunch soon, and looking forward to eat in their restaurant so I can try other menu they have.
5	$5.00 Pho.....need I say more!?!
4	This place has the best prices on Vietnamese food in town.  The barbecue rice is where its at.  Flavorful, juicy meat grilled to perfection, laid over a bed of rice that soaks up all that meaty goodness.  Also, ask for fried egg on top to crown the meal in golden glory.  It's a meal for champions.
5	Pho done right in this joint people. Don't really like much else on the menu at this locale.
4	Love this place. It's yummy, cheap and the portion sizes are huge. I usually get the same thing even though I tell myself to try something new, but I can't help myself lol. I forget the number, but it's the one with noodles, pork, egg roll with veggies :P I tend to get the same meal every time I try a new Vietnamese place to try and gauge how I like it before I stray to something new. I failed to do so a few times and I ended up unsatisfied lol. Yes, the place looks sketchy, but it's yummy!
3	I haven't had the Pho here, yet. I actually had the bun (vermicelli) with lemongrass beef. I love lemongrass so I specifically came here to get this. I also ordered a side of eggrolls (2 in an order accompanied with lettuce, mint and fish sauce for dipping). My total was $8 something which I liked. Very affordable.Lemon Grass Beef Bun was okay. I expected a stronger lemongrass flavor but it was very mild. There was a nice grill flavor though which I did enjoy. The fish sauce that it came with was mild, also. But I've noticed that with all the viet places I've been to in AZ, why is that? The eggrolls were eh. Mostly shredded carrots than anything else. Wouldn't order it again. I will go back and try their Pho and maybe some other items, and if it's amazing as all these reviews state I will update my rating, but for now based on the eggrolls and bun dish... 3 stars. Just A-OK. To me a 4 or 5 star vietnamese restaurant has to have good bun & com tam (broken rice dishes) as well as Pho. My favorite viet place is still Pho Thanh in PHX (which has a similar name but I don't think has the same owners).
4	Pretty good viet food for the price.  Usually get the bun (vermicelli) bowls, which are pretty good and have a decent amount.  The pho/mi are ok...wife order noodle bowl with duck and requested it prepared with no bone (wouldn't do it after a few request).  No biggie, but other places had no issue with it.  Her bowl was a bit bland, but the pho were good.  Egg/spring rolls were average.  Great affordable viet food, service is ok... Would avoid during special days (father's/mother's day, etc.)...takes forever.  Better to come any other time.
4	My second home. Love the cheap, hearty and tasty eats here. Owner and crew are very efficient and it's just the right amount of grunge to make it feel authentic. Favorites here are banh xeo, bunh rieu, hu thieu, com suon. YUM!!!!
5	My girlfriend was a bit scared, but she is now a regular. This place doesn't disappoint!! I order the 1b like all the time, love the spring rolls, egg rolls, lo me in, and the bun xiao. I NEVER go anywhere else but here!!The Goods: FOOD, PRICEThe Bad: most vietnamese places that serves good food, are too busy for you, so get used to it, they dont care, and know youll come back anyways. But the service isnt bad, they are VERY friendly, just busy.Overall:My girlfriend and i have tried other places, NO ONE BEATS This place as far as TASTE and PRICE! Great combo!
2	My meal here turned out to be a very odd experience.The good: I was greeted and seated right away, a glass of water and menu were provided immediately.  The water was refilled expeditiously.While it didn't smell as fragrant as Pho Nhan did when I entered, it did smell good.  I saw a mix of Asians and others (including one not-too-polite redneck farmer who talked way too loud on his cell phone at the table) but enough of the former to feel this was a popular place for Vietnamese.  I wouldn't trust a pho place full of only white people.  Scary thought.The eggrolls were delicious!  They were more garlicky than ones I've had in the past and it was that kind of garlic that you keep taking bites of and wanting more of.  The veggies were fresh and crisp, the shell was crisp and delicately flaky, the dipping sauce was perfect.  I could have eaten a whole meal of just these.  The bad:After being seated and provided water and menu I was summarily ignored for at least 15 minutes.  THIS I'm not used to.  Someone else would have left.  The waiter was sitting a a table in full view of me about four tables away and purposely did not make eye contact or walk by, much less come to my table.  What's the problem, Dude??Well, you know what, I can usually out-stubborn anybody, though thankfully don't often need to, so I decided to sit there till Hell froze over.  Eventually an older man came out to bring another table their food.  He saw me sitting there, hands politely folded on menu, smile on my face, obviously ready to order, snapped some orders at the younger guy, who then came over to take my order at long last.  I got the aforementioned eggrolls and a bowl of soup that included duck leg and bamboo.  My phone died before I could take a photo of the menu as I sometimes do to remember the name of the dish.  The guy checked with me if I wanted the one with bamboo and I said yes, but my antennae went up.  As he was leaving the table he hesitated and asked, "You work over there?" Pointing to the west.  I told him no, I was visiting from San Diego because I had a new granddaughter.  He brightened up at that and was perfectly nice after, so I can only guess he thought I was someone else initially, someone not worthy of his attention.  Working where?After eating the delectable egg rolls and being extremely impressed, the large bowl of soup arrived and emitted such a putrid smell I didn't know if it was from the person serving it or the dish itself.  It honestly smelled like someone had pooped in it, or in their pants nearby.  I told myself not to let my imagination run wild, thinking of stories describing slaves who defecated in their owners food, ewww. I had gone through so much to get it that I didn't want to send it back.  As I took bites and spoonfuls I pretty much narrowed it down to the bamboo being the culprit causing the bad smell and taste.  And it was not inedible, just took some getting used to.  I kept telling myself I probably had just never eaten bamboo before and maybe it's an acquired taste like Limburger(sp?) cheese, or liver.  Whatever, I ate it and while I barely made it to my motel bathroom after leaving the restaurant (don't ask), I had no further  gastronomic problems from the food, and that could have been caused by eating exotic food after having nothing to eat all day.  If the food had been "bad" I'm sure I would have reacted to it during the night or next day.I'm trying to talk myself into giving them three stars because those egg rolls were so good but the more I remember sitting there being purposely ignored, the more I acknowledge how impolite and unprofessional that was so I'm going to make it two stars.  Sorry guys, next time tend to your customers.  I eat out every day and this place is very near my motel so I would have loved to add it into my rotation of eateries.
4	I have been coming here for about 7 Years and even show up in February when they shut down for a month for their vacation time.. This place is about the same as Da Vang in Phoenix, which I believe is their sister company.. We go to Phu Thanh about 1 - 2 times a week. Use to be 2 times a week minimum when i worked by the Bank of America tower... Anyways..This by far is the best Vietnamese place in town and definitely the best value. When you go inside, here and Da Vang, it almost looks more like a gutted house. They keep the environment cheap but clean, which keeps their prices down, -- come on, do you go for the food or social atmosphere? Me the Food....My Faves and recommendations are listed in order of my preferenceCombo Fried Rice..Pho #1 on the menuSeafood Fat Noodle #29BBQ Pork Short Ribs Served with RiceSpring RollsSeafood Hot Pot
4	The pho broth here is consistently phenomenal, and this place is open on Sundays as well. The food comes out fast and hot.  If they weren't a little stingy with the veggies (even when you ask for more), I would have given it 5 stars.  Otherwise, it is a must try for Pho lovers.
4	After having a terrible experience elsewhere, I feel obligated to write a review for my go-to pho place.  This is pretty close to what I would consider authentic Vietnamese food, certainly the closest in this area.  The broth is flavorful, and the meat is cooked exactly right.  Other dishes on the menu are just as delicious, but for me, when I go to a pho place, it's all about the pho.  Yes, the service could be better, but this is pretty typical for a Vietnamese restaurant.  They are never rude, but be prepared to have to flag down your server for the check.  Other than that, I have no complaints.
4	I am a PHO-addict and the pho here is VERY good.  I also love their spring rolls both the fried and fresh.  Also, if you are in the mood for fried rice, that is tasty as well.  The service is ok, there are times when we have had to hunt someone down to get our check.  The restaurant is a hole in the wall and it has a "unique" smell.  It's bad, but it is different.  If you want some good PHO then try this place out, it's good and priced very well to meet the budget.
5	Service is usually bad! But, today it was great and food like always was excellent. Me and wifey are always there. App #52 & #54 Main is #4 for wife and I get #22 I drink Coconut soda wife drinks Salted Lemonade with sugar...YUM!!!!!
4	Such a tragedy. I am SO SO sorry to see this place close! I have been going there for years and will without a doubt miss them :-(
5	NOW CLOSED. This was due to a deadly shooting. We will miss you.
4	My second favorite Pho place (Saigon Pho being the first).Always good food here. Only problem is getting the bill when you are done eating. Not the most attentive servers.
5	You are missed Phu Thahn :'(  A loyal customer
4	Looks like I spoke too soon. It's back to going to 19th Ave and Camelback to get my pho/bbq pork fix.For those who ask, the owner closed and moved because of what went down. If you want the same menu and food, go to Da Vang because it's within the same family. Phu Thanh moved to the West Valley and just opened inside of Lee Lee's on Cactus Rd.So for those in Glendale, yay for you! For those who are stuck on the East side, you are welcome to come cry with me in a corner.
5	closed, but reopened in Lee Lee's Peoria.7575 W Cactus RdPeoria, AZ 85381We still go there, maybe once a month rather than every week. =(
