4	We rented an instrument for our 5th grader. It was his first time playing anything other than a recorder. Of course my child chooses one of the biggest and most expensive musical instruments. The baritone turned out to be a fantastic choice. Richard helped us in the beginning of the year and sent us on our way! He was also there when I turned it back in at the end of the year. I missed the cut off for the automatic rental payment and he wasn't able to refund the money. But he was able to offer me a deal next year if we chose to rent with them again. I was happy with that. It was my mistake after all and we will be back to take him up on the offer.
2	Our first experience with Allegro has mixed reviews. We went there last fall to rent a band instrument and was greeted with a less than thrilled young guy working at the counter. We told him that we needed to rent a clarinet for band. After he put down what appeared to be a "spit cup" for his tobacco, he went to the back of the store to find our clarinet. While we were waiting, we were approached by two very personable ladies offering music lessons for beginners. We were impressed by the professionalism and instant meeting of the teacher that we signed up on the spot. We rented our clarinet and went on our way returning weekly for lessons. Our daughter loved the lessons and we loved the staff running the music education side. But every week, sitting and waiting for lessons to be over became a begrudging task because of enduring listening to the same guy (the spit cup guy) complain about students and people being in the store. I'm sorry.. last time I checked most businesses want customers in their store. We stayed for a while because we loved the lessons, the teacher and the business owner of the music lesson side. Our daughter ended up quitting band but staying for lessons. She then decided on a different instrument. The same guy begrudgingly traded out our rental for a flute. She continued with the same teacher for private lessons. Because ignore crazy schedules, We then decided to stop them all together. Stopping the lessons was easy. Returning the instrument was a hassle. My other daughter now wants to take lessons and we live close by. Knowing that we love the professionalism of the music program and it's teachers, we will probably let her take lessons. We will not, however, sit inside while waiting for her to be done. The negativity that we experienced seems to ooze out of the kid working the counter who could care less about being there. This is a fairly new store and id recommend that their customer service put on friendlier faces if they want to keep customers. It's a ma and pa shop type feel. It has a lot of potential. But the best thing they have going for it right now are the music lesson staff. I wouldn't rent or buy anything from them simply because they aren't enthusiastic about selling or being helpful.
5	These guys are always great, the service is really good when you need help and even when I was considering buying a used baritone instead of renting one from them...they were still helpful.  The place is next door to the Fry's parking lot and it is very convenient to have this place close to my home.  My son has been trying out band now for 2 years and may even keep on with it.  After doing research it seems to be better to rent than to own since there is maintenance and the cheaper baritones on Amazon are junky according to the music teacher.  So I am grateful to have these guys nearby.  Always very fair and reasonable with us.
