5	HMMMM, how should I begin a Review of this type......Oh yea, THIS KICKED ASS! For One Price you get picked up at destination close to your place of residence then shuttled to three or more LOCAL Breweries all over the city where the Brew Masters are waiting to chat and sample you on all of their latest Craft Creations.  NEED MORE? Ok, you also get lunch or dinner depending on the tour!  If you have ever eaten at any of the breweries in town you know the food is quite tasty so this is a BIG PLUS after all of the beer sampling.  THE BEST PART?  *It's all included!  The company owner John Alvarado and his drivers are friendly and knowledgeable, the shuttle buses are clean and orderly, the destinations are Carefully Chosen for Quality and when you plan on enjoying your evening with a few pints, nothing beats a designated driver.  Truly a Blast and Well Worth the Spend.ARIZONA BREWERY TOURS ROCKS!  5 BIG TASTY STARS!
5	It was a pleasure working with the team at AZ Brewery Tours. I reserved a private tour for a birthday celebration and John graciously put up with multitudes of emails from me during the planning and organizing, loaded me up with all of the info I needed, promptly responded to all of my questions, and set up an online link where my friends could reserve their seats on the tour which made my life much easier. They accommodated my multiple pick-up locations and helped us map out the day to best suit our group. Everything went off without a hitch. We enjoyed all three stops - the staff at each were ready for us and fun to work with and the beer was delicious everywhere we went. The only thing I would say is it went by too fast! (Not that we needed more drinking time, however!) The team on our bus was great, too! All of our friends who were a part of the day reported to me that they had a great time.
5	Truly such a wonderful experience. I purchased this tour for my boyfriend and his dad for Christmas. John the owner was so quick to get back to me and answer any questions I had. I bought a Arizona Brewery Tours shirt from John as well. Such amazing customer service! My boyfriend and his dad went on the tour today. They visited North Mountain Brewing, OHSO and Four Peaks Production Facility.  Both couldn't stop talking about what a great time they had. They loved all the beer and the meal provided at one of the breweries. Even more they were impressed with the customer service and knowledge of the owner of Arizona Brewery Tours John Alvarado. They walked away from this tour with a great deal of knowledge about the breweries and beer. Both of them would go again ANYDAY! We even started talking about planning a private tour with a group of friends. The price is unbelievable for this unforgettable experience. I would recommend Arizona Brewery Tours to everyone who enjoys great beer and a fun experience!
5	Hoppymoto is the man!!  My wife purchased this brewery tour as a Christmas gift and it was a blast!  Hoppymoto (John) is a great and very knowledgeable.  Not to mention he is a safe driver!  We started our tour at the O.H.S.O. Brewery and enjoyed the flight of beers with Brunch.  From there we ventured to Phoenix Ale Brewery and had some more awesome beers.  We ended our tour at the North Mountain Brewery which again was awesome.  Hoppymoto really has a connection with all of these brewers and was able to be very detailed with information.  If you have the opportunity, go on a Brewery Tour!  It is a great time and you get to meet some cool people as well.  This was a great gift to receive. THANKS HOPPYMOTO!
5	My sister and I have been on our fair share of brewery tours around the U.S., and we definitely consider John's one--if not the--best. It was very well organized, yet still laid back and relaxed. John kept in constant communication, was more than accommodating and even texted us a tracker app when he was running just a couple minutes behind (which he already texted me and gave us a heads up). He chose diverse breweries which gave us a great idea of what the area had to offer, and made sure that both new-to-beer folks and craft-beer-enthusiasts had something to get excited about. We got a feel for the beer scene since we were exposed to both tap houses and breweries themselves. I know my sister and I were into unique stuff, and it was refreshing to get to try the unusual things, too.John has a great setup, I would definitely recommend it to locals and out-of-towners alike.
