4	An Aussie bar in Edinburgh? Okay, so I would've been far more surprised if I found a salsa club in Edinburgh, but Oz Bar was still a shock. Before I trekked off to the original "Land of the Gaels" (yeah, suck it Ireland), a friend hipped me to Oz Bar, a place owned by her two good friends in Edinburgh. I promised to check it out, and though it took me weeks to get to and explore Edinburgh, I did. I met both owners, each of which was very friendly and gregarious. The bar itself was your typical Scottish pub...with an Australian theme. The regulars were simpatico and reminiscent of characters from the show "Cheers", though highly indecipherable in their speech (I still have yet to learn drunken Scottish).Oz Bar is a fantastic place. My only objective criticism was their lack of cider on the day I visited. It WAS there after one of the warmest spring weekends in Scotland, granted, but a business owner has to plan for these calamities. Great spot to hang out with a group of friends for several pints.
4	This bar is located just off the Grassmarket, so it is in a great location if your out for the night and want to sample a range of bars. It makes a nice change from all the Irish bars which are in and around the Grassmarket. Obviously it is an Australian bar, and its pretty cool. There is nothing outstanding about the decor, drinks etc but the people who run it are friendly and chatty. There is a wide range of Australian beer and snacks, but as a Scot I wasn't really fussed about this. Homesick Aussies may like this though. All the bar staff are good banter, so it generally means you will have some fun. They play a range of sport, and if there is Australian sport on then the bar is likely to be busy. Sometimes it gets a little too busy for my liking though.
3	Well situated for passing trade from revellers wandering into the Grassmarket and Cowgate and back out again, this bar has been on the scene for longer than I can remember, and hasn't yet gone through any kind of name change as far as I can remember either, which I find quite incredible considering the rate that the other bars around it seem to have shed their names and created new identities.This is a no nonsense hostelry designed for straightforward drinking, and maybe a game of pool, for which the appropriate facilities are provided. Probably not the ideal joint if you want to get dolled up and pose about in stiletto heels looking amazing, I'd say put your dress away and opt for something more laid back to spend the evening in, then you'll probably feel a bit more in tune with the vibe here. There are often some thrifty drinks deals to be had, so always worth popping in, whatever your final destination. Nice bar staff too.
4	It was somewhat a surprise to come across an Australian pub in cold and windy Scotland. I came here in my freshers week and I loved how friendly and laid back this place was. Prices were quite reasonable considering its close proximity to the touristy Grassmarket as well.It has a pool table as well and every time I have been there there seems to be a lovely bunch of people there. Obviously it's geared to the Aussies who miss home (and who wouldn't when it's freezing outside) and so you can find a variety of snacks and drinks from down-under here as well.
4	Putting aside the Australian theme applied to the bar's interior, the OZ bar is plain and simply a solid place to grab a drink. Pool tables, decent drinks and good grub all compliment any opinion of the place too.But as we all know the Aussies love their rugby, and if your a fan too, the Oz bar is a top place to view it. Especially during international rugby fixtures the bar is teeming with activity of which the appeal will suck you in, compel you to neck a few pints and strong-arm you to join in the with the lairy chants.
4	For an Australian bar in Edinburgh, the Oz bar is my preferred choice! (Even though there are very few to choose from). This bar is tucked away on Candlemaker Row and is a great find!The bar is split into two areas, one with two pool tables, whilst the other has seating. The bar sells your typical Australian themed drinks at a reasonable price and you are more often than not actually served by an Australian! The pool tables are an added bonus as during a busy night groups merge round the tables for banter and competitions! On the other side of the bar, the seating area fills up pretty quickly most nights! On the walls are maps of different parts of Australia where people can mark where they have been too!Also have to note that the rather small corridor leading to the toilets is full of posters dedicated to gigs and festivals - a feature which I always appreciate!A great bar and a great place atmosphere....a visit on Australia day awaits!
4	I wasn't sure what to make of the Oz Bar when we ended up in here one evening - I thought it was going to be more like a chain pub than anything else. Which is fine of course, just not too original!What i found out about the Oz Bar is that it's the real deal. Serving up Aussie snacks such as Aussie's own brands of crisps, Aussie beers and some New Zealand numbers, it's a great place if you're looking to grab an alternative to Tennants. The bar has a vibrant student feel to it, and I appreciate that it's a bit ramshackle. The floorboards are nice and creaky, the decor is at times tongue in cheek and the tables have chessboards drawn onto them. They show some rugby matches which will obviously appeal to many, but eve though this place attracts a nicer crowd I would rather visit when rugby is off the menu since I don't follow it! They play some cool tunes, but what I appreciate most about the bar is how friendly the staff are. Without their open, friendly approach to service the fun, laid back feel of the pub would be lost. It is after all the staff who can make an experience so much better. So even though it's a good bar with great amenities, the staff are what make it superb! A nice chatty bunch and full of customers wanting to chill out, you're sure to have a good night in here.
5	Oz Bar is one of my favourite pubs in Einburgh due to its fun, relaxed atmosphere and fairly priced drinks.  I've been here a few times on nights out and it's always entertaining with pool tables, fun staff and an interesting Aussia theme which gets you in the mood for having a good night!They have a great selection of authentic Australian beers, including real ales and, of course, Fosters.  There's also Bundaberg Rum which tastes pretty awful, but is worth a shot to get the full experience. The staff are friendly, efficient and always have banter with everyone who walks in, giving the place a lively, bustling feel.  Whether you're up for a fun night at the pub or a great place to pre drink, Oz Bar is the place.
4	The Oz bar is a really cool bar just on the way down to Grassmarket, and because it is a little removed from the actual square manages to avoid the scuminess that takes over at night. It doesn't seem like much from outside but is surprisingly roomy inside, with a good mix of seats and standing space. It is decked out in an Aussie style (surprisingly) with a map of Australia and New Zealand on the wall with tacks in it showing where previous backpackers have been. This is who the bar is designed for (backpackers) and during the evening is full of antipodeans getting 'off tap'. They're all great fun to drink with, and you definitely get a different atmosphere than with the regulars of the other pubs on the Grassmarket. During the day though, it is a very different place. With the tourists off doing touristy things the bar is much quieter, and is a good place for an afternoon few. Because it is close to the Grassmarket the prices aren't too cheap but the beers are ok. They have huge pool tables as well, and at 50p each, are a lot cheaper than most others around. The manager is great as well; he's always up for a chat and has changed the music a few times to accommodate our tastes or to show off a new band he's just discovered. Overall, both night and day there is a friendly atmosphere, good beer and it's a good laugh
3	First impression: eep it's busy! After ordering: hmmm, where to sit, and what did I just stand in? On leaving: I hope I'll still have my voice tomorrow.Oz Bar was chosen at the first get together of all the lovely Yelp folks in 2011, to celebrate Australia Day (which is NOT the one day of the year immigrants can be granted Australian citizenship, Chris). In hindsight, we maybe shouldn't have tried to arrange a meetup of many different people in a place called 'Oz bar' on Oz Day, in a studenty area. It was a very student-filled, drink-fuelled affair complete with blasting stereo.The bar itself was quirky and fun, with lots of cheeky wee things to keep me amused, like the sign saying "dickhead" pointing to some innocent bystander at the bar. Cheeky, but harmless.I think on non-australia days (all 364 other days of the year) it would be a nice place for a pint. It's a proper pub pub, not a glitzy bar. It's just for some reason they decided to blast the stereo as loud as possible, which made conversing night on impossible. We all became very good at sign language in a very short space of time, however.If I was in the area, I'd probably go back, but won't be hunting it out. At least they sold 'Shapes', an Australian pizza-flavoured snack, that Kay L. bought to keep all us hungry, deafened Yelpers happy. Yey!
3	Oz bar is a bar of my student drink-drenched lifestyle. It was always a great bar to visit based on the fact it was less busy than the main Grassmarket bars, especially if you want to queue for less than 10 mins for a drink. I returned to an old stamping ground to catch up with some of the UK yelping scene on Australia Day. In hindsight, we all realized that the choice of location was closer to insanity, with lots of happy Australians and students partying like it was, well, Australia Day. Once the latecomers arrived (i.e. me and the boy), we had a beer (as the boy found out to his chagrin, the Ozzie beers on display were really just on display, and the actual choice a bit more limited), chowed down on a few Ozzie pizza snacks and got out of Dodge to find somewhere less rambunctious to have a beer and a wee chat with folks. Oz bar - still a good choice for hitting up at the start of your night (although some of your paraphenalia would make my mother blush) but this old fart, a little bit too loud for her old man pub likings these days.
4	With my current social circle consisting mainly of foreign travellers, my weekends tend to gravitate to the same cluster of social venues... only difference is ye venues are not that of which I would frequent of olde...Gone are the days of regular bar-hopping the likes of Hawke & Hunter, Le Monde and Tigerlily. Enter Whistle Binkies, Dropkicks, Opium and, yep, Oz Bar.Now I'm a sucker for some live music so Binkies I can accept; Dropkicks? You're gonna need to force feed me (yeah, right!) a few Jaegerbombs beforehand, and Opium.... well it does in times of thrift. However Oz Bar has fast become a wee treasure in my eyes, which I am more than happy to spend an hour or so throughout the evening.Two decent pool tables, regulated by house rules (next name on the board plays next, winner stays on) that everyone abides by; a surprising amount of non-backpackers (as well as travellers) given the proximity to the Grass Market hostels; an impressive variety of drinks given the size of the bar; and last but not least, some great friendly staff from every corner of the globe.All add up to a highly sociable atmosphere where meeting new people and making new buddies is made easy.Only downside is it's far too close to Dropkick Murphy's...!Give it a try.
4	Seeing as I magically noticed today I am the Duchess of Oz Bar I figured I should probably get round to writing some sort of review for it!? The first time I heard the name of this bar that I was en-route to I had a mini 'inside sigh' - it is just going to be something awful along the lines of Walkabout, and I am going to despise it with a passion. But I was proved wrong, which was a relief!This wee pub on Candlemaker Row is brilliant. The selection of beer is great, I actually tried an apple and blackberry cider in here for the first time ever.... and have never seen it anywhere else since! It can get pretty busy, it is kinda studenty but it makes for a good atmosphere and some great banter. But the highlight of this bar for me is the guy, who I presume owns it, he is unbelievably welcoming and friendly. The couple of times I have ended up here when it is quiet he is so happy to have a chat with you and I like that. Especially when you rock up at half 12 on Tuesday night looking to play pool, most other people would have shown us the door. This totally swayed me. I was not particularly fussed until this very night where I realised, I like this bar, it's not a chain, it's great!
3	Still a solid three stars from me, which again needs to be put into context of what I enjoy from a bar and a night out. It's a proper pub-bar with a cheeky Australian theme. Postcards of boobs and bums above the bar, a sign saying "dickhead" pointing to an empty space where an unsuspecting punter will stand, slightly sticky and dusty. Reminds me of a slightly better kept student union.But the crowd are friendly, the bar staff fare no-nonsense friendly. There's one side of the bar that has a big sign saying NO SERVICE do not stand here. If you stand there, they'll be upset. If you don't, they'll be a-ok.There's two pool tables though, and for me that's a total winner. Just take note of the method of getting a game (adding your name to the chalk board list). The players are friendly and just adding your name up means you'll probably get chatting to some interesting folk.Standard drinks (as in, no cocktails) for a bar. Good wee location. Inundated with Australians on Australia Day. Not too shabby.
4	Friendly staff, good atmosphere, free wifi and pool, and enough tvs. Plenty to like.
5	Mutha-f**kin' BUCK HUNTER. Don't care about nothin' else in this place. It has my favorite (yea I spelled it like an American cause I am from the US of A where we fake hunt while being vegetarians) video game of all time... BUCK HUNTER. It has lots of cool stuff, but I can't get past BUCK HUNTER.Oh and the candy machines... big fan of candy machines.
