5	Ask for Tiffany.Great men's haircut for $20 bucks including a 5$ tip.There's always sports center on in there too.
5	Following the advise of the first Yelper; I asked for Tiffany.She squeezed me right after I called.  Walk-ins are welcome, but give a call before heading over.  There is convenient parking (like the rest of Henderson) and quick access with the main cross roads.The decor of the place is pretty rockin.  It is a oldschool golf and sea captain feel with a parrot in back for added ambiance.  There is a flatscreen on the wall with travel channel or some other watchable entertainment while you get your cut.Tiffany is a gem with a beautiful smile and outgoing personality.  She is great at her job and seems to truly like it.  She is friendly and talkative, but not overly conversational.I was able to get a great scissor cut and a beard trim in about 20 minutes for $20.  I walked out the door feeling and looking great.  There are other stalls and barbers at Mr. D's, but I am confident that Tiffany will hook you up.
5	Tiffany is still there and still the best haircut in town!
5	Add me to the list of Tiffany fans. I'm hesitant to write a further review simply because I don't want too many people to find out about her, but that would just be selfish.  She's still there, she's great.  Tell your friends, but not your friends' friends, I still want to be able to get an appointment. Just an FYI bring cash or expect to go get some.
5	I have one rule concerning barbers. That is: you can trust the old guy with 30+ years experience to not mess up your hair. Mr. Ramon is awesome.
5	I've been getting my haircut from Rose Valencia for many years now. Always consistent and caring. Sure you can be a guinea pig and go to supercuts or some other amaturer barber shop and try your luck, but like gambling in Las Vegas you are bound to lose! Don't take the chance on your looks and for $15 its a tremendous deal! Tip heavy and tip often! You'll see Rose is quite a Rose! :-)
4	Ok , truth is both Dave (Mr.D) and Tiffany can cut hair with the best of them. However, Tiffany only works part-time, and Dave is usually running behind because of his pursuit of perfection.  Seriously, Dave takes his time and you can expect to be in the chair 40-45 minutes.I have a busy schedule like a lot of people with families and full-time jobs. Therefore, I usually can't wait around for Dave and his overlapping appointments. Also, I prefer a barber shop that uses a straight razor to line you up. Although everyone is so nice, I only come here now and then  when I have time to wait around.
5	In town on a biz trip and needed a haircut. THE BEST HAIRCUT EVER! Mr. D is the man. Wish he lived in Phx area!
5	Went for a second visit to Mr. D, same quality cut! Dude can cut hair, he is super busy, best to make an appointment.
5	Great little shop! Loved the feel and got my beard fixed up. Ramon did a great job. Very reasonable pricing also.
1	Barber didn't listen to a word I said, cut it the way he wanted. Worse haircut I've ever had. Never going back.
5	Mr D's is a very relaxing place to get a haircut. Rob L. does my hair and he understood my hair more than anyone I had in the past. Tell him what you want and you will get what you ask for. He will my barber for many many years.
5	After a couple of bad haircut experiences, I found this place with Robert being recommended to me by a friend.I usually would go to a salon, so this was my first time at a barber shop. Robert did a great job cutting my hair! He was friendly, easy to talk to, and most importantly, I was 100% satisfied with my haircut!The place is also very relaxing and not was I was expecting for a barber shop. Between the nice little pond with a soothing waterfall, the parrots in a glass enclosure and the putting green, this seems like no ordinary barber shop!Thanks again Robert!
5	Robert Lyman did a great job cutting my difficult curly hair. He was very thorough and paid attention to detail. His taper and fades are on point and he lined my beard up great. I would definitely recommend him as a barber and he's a cool dude in general. His number is 702-885-8100. www.rockabillycuts.com
3	Update : Rose, Tiffany, and Robert have all moved to Friendly barber across the street.  Call for appointments 7024210370.  10895 S. Eastern Ave Ste 170. Henderson, NV. 89052.
