4	I visited Juniper on one of those beautiful Autumn afternoons. When you first walk in there are tables and chairs in a light and airy area. But the real delights await further down the bar area where it opens up to a beautifully designed sitting area. There are very comfortable sofa's laid out nicely in groups of two for those quiet meetings or imbibing one of their signature cocktails.There are a couple of larger sofa areas for bigger groups. The service was brilliant, attentive and personal. We started with a prosecco as how else do you celebrate a new find like Juniper? We then moved onto the apple martinis. These were delicious and would highly recommend them. They were the colour of real apple juice, just how they should be (unlike some that are a fluro green!). And very quaffable indeed! I'd highly recommend this as a great new place to try, it's a good place to meet friends or for a date. They have wifi there and have been told their coffee is good so I'd also recommend it as a great place to work or catch up on surfing :-)
4	Another autumnal visit.  The staff were friendly and attentive.  I love the seating arrangement particulary in the back area where there is comfy seats ahoy!  The perfect place to enjoy a cocktail after a long hard day baking!  The cockatil of choice was the Russian Roulette - which was delish!The small food menu is great.  I choose the chips and they were yummy.  the had some heat but had a dip at the side so you could cool them down!  I'll defo be back with the girls as it will be a perfect place to chill out afer walking the length of Princes Street shopping!
2	i was a massive fan of juniper and after having a few enjoyable experiences here i'd suggested it for the monthly cocktail quest a few of us yelpers go on!  so with an area booked for 15 thirsty yelpers, i was well excited for all of us to try out this still rather new bar.however, my excitement died down pretty quickly as the night progressed.  i appreciate this place is table service but we sat for over 20 minutes waiting for someone to take our order...and then a further 20-30 minutes for our first drink!  so while we arrived at 7pm none of us got a drink til 8pm although for those of us that had ordered food that arrived fairly promptly.  however no one ever came to check and see that we were happy with our food....from this first wee glitch, came an evening of endless waiting for drinks.  although we kept asking if they could continue to bring the cocktail tasting drinks for those of us that ordered them a bit more quickly we were told that they were extremely busy and were trying to get things out.  however on a walk through the bar there were only a handful of people there, apparently they claimed the restaurant was busy.... so after an hour wait for our first drink, we had another half hour wait for the second drink, a further half hour to get the third drink, but to be fair the fourth drink arrived only 15 minutes after the third.  i'm assuming the restaurant had cleared out by this time so we could get some proper service.i'd probably have updated my review to only three stars if i was basing this on the service alone, however my third drink came with a fancy flower floating in it.  yes it was a very pretty idea, but on closer inspection i discovered that my flower was mouldy.  yes, a mouldy flower in my expensive cocktail.... unbelievably i didn't send it back as i was terrified of how much longer my wait for a new one would be if i did!  totally shocking that this drink was allowed to leave the bar....so i'm sorry Juniper, but i'm unlikely to come back after my experience last night.  the length of service seriously needs to be sorted out as three hours for four cocktails is a bit ridiculous and a mouldy flower in someone's drink is unacceptable.  i'm sad as the food is tasty and i so wanted to try out fondue fridays, but i just can't bring myself to spend my money here again!
2	I thought I was going to end up giving Juniper three stars, but at the end of the day "A-OK" just doesn't describe our experience here. I expect there to be some waiting involved when you order cocktails - they obviously take more time to prepare than a glass of wine - but the waiting we did at Juniper wasn't just for the cocktails. We waited a long time for a waitress to take our initial orders. We waited a long time for tap water to arrive (it came well after the first cocktails, actually). And we waited a long, long time for cocktails. So much so that it became one of the major topics of conversation at our table, wondering when our thirst would be quenched. The waitstaff was mildly apologetic and blamed the delays on how busy they were, but they were far from full of customers. I'd hate to see how slow the service gets on a day when the place is crowded. Other than the speed of the service, it was a good evening. The cocktails were interesting, and not excessively sweet. The sofas and armchairs were comfortable, and the room was well-decorated. The noise level was conducive to conversation. Based on all this and its nice, central location, I'll probably end up giving Juniper another try, hoping to discover that the slow service we experienced this time was was just a fluke.
2	Oh dear. Drinks decent but service awful.Tried to book a table 5 days in advance. Tried 3 times and no one would pick up the phone and gave up as the Germany vs Brazil Blitzkreig was starting.Called back two days later - after an extended discussion about seating arrangements (size of group & suitable tables) then high table by window was confirmed.Arrived at designated time, table given to someone else and they didn't know about the booking. Just as well a couple of the gang didn't make it as they'd given away our big table which was made such a big deal of when I tried to book. Saw 4 walk-in's arrive after us and get served before us. No acknowledgement when I arrived. Took 40 mins to get the drinks - cocktails (nearly 25 mins after arriving before the order taken and got some water as knew cocktails might be a bit slow). Then 10 mins after that to get snacks that we had to ask again for. The guy that ended up serving us was really nice but he only arrived 25mins in as he was a bit more aware than the girl serving when we arrived.So Juniper, nah. Had I not been using a voucher, I'd have walked. And the voucher was a 2nd chance after friend's horror stories of bad service...
5	Ah so great to be back home and enjoying this wonderful city. This is a review of Juniper and the ajacent restaurant.So on a hungover Saturday I met two friends here for a spot of lunch. The setting is really something, wooden floor, high ceilings and a very well turned out dining room. The staff do a great job of being attentive without being intrusive.20 Princes St has gained notice over the fact its one of the few places in Edinburgh and even Scotland to have a Josper grill. For that reason alone I went for the sirloin steak and chips. Served with a hot Bearnaise sauce and small side salad the steak was cooked perfectly. The grill gives it a wonderful smokey flavour.After finishing our meal we moved through to the Juniper bar, very busy with it being the last Saturday before Christmas we were lucky to find seats. again a wonderful setting the background music was great. We made a good effort of working through the cocktail list, the real highlight of which had to be the Strawberries and Steam. A glass teapot with the cocktail is served with dry ice creating an amazing theatrical experience.Juniper come highly JD Recommended!
