1	Do I want a green yard? Yes. Do I want working sprinklers? Yes. Do I want to pay through the nose to have them fixed? NO! And finally, Do I know how to repair them myself? No, but give me a DIY website and I can just about fix anything! It seems that my house has issues with water. Bathtub not draining - Fixed myself. Discovered that its best to NOT put orange rinds down the disposal - Hubby fixed. Busted bubbler valve on sprinkler - We fixed (capped it off). 3 of 5 sprinklers not working and anti-siphon valve leaking - Might need to call in the calvery. So I called Discount Sprinkler (called a few other contractors who were lic/bond/ins. Discount is NOT Lic/bond/insured). Discount was the second company to show up - 1hr late. Possible Red Flag. Drove up in old beater van and practically parked in the street. Possible Red Flag. The first estimate - $150.00 (anti-siphon valve and 3 new heads) Hmm... $150.00?  Let's keep talking.  After that quote, I asked him about the solenoid valves below the ground. I wanted them gone and to have the system manual. He went for a shovel, and started digging out around the valves. Then he started messing with them, taking some of them apart and then turning on the sprinklers multiple times by cranking the (already ready for the dump, but not completely broken) anti-siphon valve. Yeah dude, I really wanted a shower/mud bath right now. Thanks. After he was done screwing around, the anti-siphon valve was completely shot. It was not just leaking when turned on now, but producing a steady stream of water when in the off position. New estimate - $325.00 (new manifold and anti-siphon valve) The next thing out of his mouth, "So when do you want me to start the work?" I looked at J and he said to the guy we'd call him in 24-48 hours. J and I proceed to go inside the house. I was PISSED! Do I think that guy purposely broke the valve to try to get the job? Hell Yes! Does J think the guy broke it on purpose? No. Does he think the guy was careless? Yes. So, I did some research on the internet and called my uncle to ask for help..... Trip to ACE Hardware - $2.50 in gas 3ft thick wall PVC pipe and PVC parts - $15.00 Labor - maybe 1hr 30minutes (total between 2 days) Working sprinklers in the front yard that was a DIY project - Priceless!
5	They came out the day that i called (within a couple hours actually) to fix a water pressure issue. The problem was a pressure regulator that they were able to remove and replace (with just pipe, regulator wasn't needed). It was about an hour or hour and a half of work including welding for 100 bux. They also fixed/replaced a couple heads and didn't charge extra. They were right on time and very fair.
1	Just had discount sprinklers at my house for an estimate.  Quoted me $315 for new pvc pipe set up for my 4 valves in back yard.  The old pvc was leaking and needed to be replaced.  I ask how long it would take he said 2-3 hours to cut and piece together the new pvc pipe set up for 4 valves. I thought the price was high and asked why he is charging $100+ an hour if the job took 3 hours.  He came back with we don't charge by the hour.  But every labor job I have ever paid for has been quoted by the hour + materials.  This is not my first home repair job.  And pvc pipe materials are not expensive.Said he could do a referral discount and charge us $275.  I asked him to break down the costs of doing the job.  He refused and said that is their flat rate to do the job.  He gave me his card and left in a huff.  No trying to work out a deal, no compromise, and certainly no explanation of why the job was worth $100 an hour for pvc pipe work in a open back yard area.Job was done by another company for $65 out the door. Took less than an hour and works perfectly now. Trying to gouge a homeowner is not how your grow a small business.Run from this company.
4	I was initially skeptical of using this service, though recommended, because of the yelp reviews.  But, as you can see the ones listed are pretty dated and don't reflect the experience i had.  Mike from Discount Sprinkler was on time, tenacious in solving our problem, was worth the fee just by some additional suggestions he gave on proceeding with some landscaping that wasn't a part of this job.  I'm sure i could have gotten the job done cheaper by getting the local gardner that also dabbles in sprinklers, but I'm confident of the work that was done on our system and would recommend this vendor for those that need something more than fixing a leaking line.
1	I called "discount" sprinklers and was charged $470 to fix my lawn valve and 4-5 leaks in my drip. To my dismay, one month later my drip system would not shut off. Come to find my other valve from the drip went bad (which they checked when they initially came a month ago). Instead of working with me, he charged an astronomical amount of an additional $245 on top of what I had already paid the month prior. When I said I couldn't pay for that, he seemed fine with it and went on his merry way. I will not be using these service again. I feel like I was taken advantage of because I am a female and do not know anything about sprinklers or drip!
