3	So the apartments are gorgeous. The pool area is spa quality. Luscious waterfalls, game tables, large televisions and surround sound - absolutely beautiful and well kept up.It's location is right across the street from San Tan mall and less than a minute from the 202 freeway. But I'm not ever going live there.The lady who showed us the apartment was extremely impersonal and very scripted. She was young and the everyone in the office was young. Personal experience with leasing offices prompt me to be very wary of the staff. They'll process your paperwork incorrectly or forget to tell you about a fee or something important down the line. So I'm wary. This lady, Brittany, just seemed like she didn't care about us as a tenant, or a person and that's definitely something I steer clear of with apartments.Also! These apartments are pricey. A one bedroom ranging from upper 800s to 1000s. That's not even including trash service which is an extra $30 a month. I don't want to pay $30 a month for trash. I can take it out myself.So this place is nice. But I would not recommend it to any close family or friends.
4	The apartments here are exactly what the pictures look it! They don't just look nice but are quality. I recently moved in and I love it. The pool area is like a resort, and I haven't seen another apartment with such nice common areas! Yes they are pricey, but you get what you pay for. The office staff is nice and friendly and personable. I was promised a separate garage that I was under the impression I was getting which I didn't :( Every Mark Taylor community has valet trash service for $30 a month. Which is a small price to pay considering the quality of the place your living in. The one complaint I have is, I have complained about my neighbor because of bass vibrating my entire apartment and it hasn't been handle. Every day my apartment rattles. I don't mind music and I understand I'm living in an apartment and it's normal to hear your neighbors however this is driving me and my family nuts. Sitting on the couch enjoying a film with the floor and hanging pictures vibrating. I am not exaggerating. I wish I was in a different unit and my experience would be five star without a doubt!
1	Do not be fooled by the luxurious pools and apartment living area. Although the community itself is extremely nice and very beautiful, I HIGHLY regret ever signing a lease with Redstone.The leasing office is full of young, seemingly inexperienced people, who do not care about the tenant. They try to get out of the office as soon as possible each day, and will never go out of their way to help you. The worst in particular is Jess. I fully believe that she puts in effort to make your day a living hell. On numerous occasions she has interrupted our time at the pool to search our entire cooler for glass (nobody else), because she "doesn't trust us". I can accept that, we are young as well. But every time I try to go in and pay our rent they forget to mention some fee, or there is some random "convenience charge". Trying to pay the final months rent has been an absolute nightmare. They have lost my checks, forgot to mention fees, told me the wrong amount to pay, added additional late fees due to their errors and made me extremely angry.All in all, avoid this property at all costs. If you must sign a lease here, AVOID JESS. She is the single most disrespectful, unhelpful and least personable human I have ever had the misfortune of meeting.
5	I have finally had the opportunity to write this after a year. Living at Redstone has been a great experience! I have a couple issues with how some of the security staff have treated me, but for the most part I have nothing but positive comments. Jess, the leasing agent has been one of the highlights of this experience. Jess is  such a pleasure to work with. She is the most helpful and caring leasing agent that I've ever encountered. Not only does she take initiative to help in any way that she can, she's ALWAYS friendly and obviously takes great pride in providing excellent customer service. Jess was the individual who I leased my apartment from origionally and she certainly set the initial tone which influenced my final decision actually move into the complex. Jess takes pride in making sure that tenants are comfortable. I can say this with confidence because I've spoken with many other tenants who also feel that she is excellent! Jess has been professional, fair,caring and has always established effective communication with me. Jess is certainly an attribute to Redstone and hugely impacts the positive culture in  the community. The other girls are excellent too! However as I mentioned above, Jess intially impressed me and shaped my initial perception of Redston and I feel that it is necessary to acknowledge her for all her efforts!!!! 5 stars! :)
4	I have lived here for almost 3 months now and, although I am not a fan of apartment living (I live here temporarily while I wait for my new home to be built), I find Redstone at SanTan Village to be a very nice, very comfortable place to live. First, the grounds are beautiful. The higher-than-average rent is easily offset by the amenities offered if you choose to use them. The pool area is spacious and well maintained. The workout room is filled with modern equipment, well lit, and otherwise nicely appointed. The monthly parties thrown by the property management is another perk that is worth your attention.And while I have touched upon the property management,  without reservation I commend the staff for being so professional while also being so amiable to me and to everybody that I've ever seen them interact with.  Jessica and Jessica (that's not a typo; there are two Jessicas here as I write this) are both very friendly, very energetic, very knowledgeable about the operation of the complex, and have repeatedly shown me that they are anxious to help in any way they can. Kudos to the entire staff here!One of the major attractions of Redstone, for me, was the availability of a garage. My 1br apartment has its own garage which I can enter from the apartment. I was pleasantly surprised to find a washer and dryer in there when i moved in. This is an example of the luxury and convenience I've found here.  I have also enjoyed being so close to SanTan Village. It's very convenient to have so many stores and restaurants so close by. On nice evenings, it's an enjoyable walk from my apartment to a busy night life!No place is perfect, however. There are some drawbacks to living in any given location and Redstone is no exception. Like most apartment complexes, this is a high-density living arrangement. There are lots of other people nearby. The have cars, children, pets, and other things that make noise. These things are unavoidable, but can disturb your sleep if you are a light sleeper. There are also train tracks nearby and they are used regularly. Overall, I would say that all of these things are audible from my apartment, but none of them are excessively disturbing and I consider myself to be a light sleeper.Additionally, I don't find any value in the non-optional valet trash service. Approximately $30 is added to the rent each month to pay for this service that I don't use. In my case, there is a trash dumpster only a few steps from my door. Perhaps somebody living on the third floor would feel differently about this service. I, however, wish I could opt out.There are many more features and services made available at Redstone, but I've covered the ones that are important to me. If you are considering a move and are looking for a nice apartment complex, I would suggest that you give Redstone a good look. No place is perfect, however the apartment life at Redstone is definitely a cut above so many of the other options.
