3	Location: In a church basement on the Plateau. The closest subways are Laurier and Mont-Royal. Street parking is available but... good luck with that. The place: Church basement. Somewhat cramped and not a whole lot of room to move. Be patient as you try to navigate because some people like to clutter the rows and aren't in a hurry to move even when you ask them to.The goods: Lots of stuff by local artists - prints, clothing, lamps etc. There's some very cool stuff there so it depends on what you're looking for. I suggest checking the place out when it opens so there are less people and you can shop in peace, and at your leisure.Price point: This will vary and depends on what you're shopping for. Cool venue to check out on a weekend morning. You can probably be in and out in an hour or less.
2	I was completely unimpressed with Puces Pop this year. Compared to last year, I found the selection to be very unimpressive with t-shirts making up a very large portion of the offerings. Last year was better by far and I walked away with many unique gifts for the holidays, this year, I walked away completely empty handed. The only item I may end up purchasing (probably through his Etsy shop) is a print by Raymond Biesinger.The level of handmade was really low to my mind as well. Machine embroidery, t-shirts, postcards of pictures in the public domain. Meh, boring. Where's the HANDCRAFTED stuff I found last year!If you were looking for at shirt however... Jackpot!
4	So a bunch of artists got robbed at Puces Pop this year and it's fairly heartbreaking. The people who run this well curated art fair are local artists themselves, working for a committed local arts non-profit, and there was a general sense of betrayal and emptiness that marked the fest this year.  Thousands of dollars in handcrafted jewelery and fashion were stolen from nearly a dozen artists, including one of my personal favourite local designers Marmod8 who lost $4000 in stock  (help her recover here if you like http://www.gofundme.com/etgyo0)But this is all an aside to explain what was going on to those who felt the bad vibes and saw the empty tables and didn't know what was up. The facts are, it's mega crowded and sweaty like a crowded church basement will inevitably be, but there is great curation, good food and beers, awesome guest djs and live acts, and a sense of family and community that can't be broken by bad acts. It's joyful and pretty and full of exceptional gifts and good people and good times. Don't miss it.
