5	Ivy is an upscale boutique for women, which means I didn't buy anything but I went with my mom. I was impressed with the organized and spacious store. The hardwood floor, granite countertops and fancy light fixtures reminded me of the best places in Scottsdale, minus the pretentious attitude and exorbitant prices. Ivy carries brand names like Versace, Christian Dior, Dolce and Gabanna, and Armani but at a price that people like my mom can actually afford. I wish they carried men's clothes! I'm a big supporter of locally owned businesses, hence the Yelp review from a guy about a women's clothing store. Ivy is a nice addition to south Tempe. I think they will do well.
5	By far the best kept secret in the Valley, albeit not for long, once word gets out of the quality and ambience, Gemma and Chris create for your shopping experience, one would be crazy not to shop here, regularly-Gemma and Chris to a great job in selectively choosing the items they sell at Ivy.  It's tasteful interior resembles a high end boutique you would find in other parts of the country.  They have a fantastic selection of brand name clothes, but of accessories as well, such as purses, shoes, and even unique, accent jewelry.  If anyone needs to find a dress/outfit for any occasion,  Ivy Boutique is the place to shop for affordable, upscale, items for any budget.
5	Ivy is a two fold gem!  The ladies that run the boutique  are amazing, sweet, and classy ......they don't make you feel like your clothes belong at a thrift store or act like you providing inventory is a BURDEN. Also of note, they know a thing or two about fashion and will tell you honestly what works on you.....not just there to make the sale.First,  It's an Amazing place to bring your designer clothes you no longer want and get paid on the spot for them! There are other larger chains that have a history of taking your clothes, being rude about it (don't you need clothes for inventory??) and neglect to pay you for them!!Second, Ivy is also an upper end boutique with amazing prices. Nearly all of the merchandise still has the original tags or has been very gently worn. Their shoe section rivals Saks Fifth Avenue but with deeply discounted items. I just bought a Cynthia Rowley sweater and a BCBG sweater for $45 each, BCBG had original tag .....$187.00 !! Are you kidding me??? Ivy is my new favorite place to shop.
4	It truly is a BOUTIQUE, decorated very nicely.  Clothing, shoes and accessories are upscale and sophisticated.  This is not bargain college shopping (are you outgrowing Buffalo Exchange too?)... these are designer clothes and dresses you can wear to formal parties and for work, I will constantly be checking this place out to see how inventory turns.To give you an idea, both dresses I drooled over were ~$100 but Betsey Johnson and BCBG also normally retails a few hundred.
5	Ivy Boutique is absolutely FABULOUS, darlin! The clothes are impeccable and I've never left without finding something perfect to add to my wardrobe. I'm always on the hunt for professional clothes and like to look put together but like to avoid a big hit to my wallet. Ivy has wonderful name brand and everything is always in great condition.The store itself is lovely. The colors are crisp and contemporary, the shoes, clothes and accessories are very well laid out. The dressing rooms are lush, with a small waiting area.  The staff is thoughtful and will answer questions, make suggestions and give just great service!  Ivy doesn't have a lot of clothes, do not expect rows and rows but what they do have is always stylish, modern and desinger. Love that! My last trip landed me 2 pairs of trousers and a gorgeous suit for a total of $130! How cool am i? Thanks Ivy!
3	Ivy boutique gets a solid 3 stars, but absolutely no more.  I bought a groupon, and made 3 visits before I finally found something I liked (probably because the groupon was expiring the next day).  The clothes are higher end and in good condition, but I felt most were overpriced.  I actually saw a couple items that I saw at TJMaxx the week before with about a 40% mark up.  I'm not accusing them of buying TJMaxx clothes and reselling them at a higher price, but they may have bought them from a customer or wholesaler.  The clothes and shoes were a little more on the sophisticated or mature side, so I ended up purchasing a coat and a pair of pumps for work.  Ultimately, if you're a "regular size" person between 35-50, you'll probably find much more than an petite 30 years old.
4	I have been so remiss in writing a review for Ivy Boutique. I've been shopping here since they opened, and have been able to update my wardrobe with higher quality items than I normally would purchase. Beautiful Ralph Lauren turtlenecks, a Sigrid Oleson hoodie, a gorgeous pair of grey velveteen pants still with tags, a pair of True Religion jeans still with tags, several stunning purses (and I'm not a purse girl!  guess I am now!), several pair of shoes, and just last week before I headed to San Francisco, an ie red suede jacket with tags and a luscious olive velvet jacket. Gemma and Chris are particular in what they bring in and everything is pristine. They know my style and let me know when something I'd particularly love has come in. Follow them on facebook and you'll be able to see it first. So lucky to have this boutique down the street!
5	This place is beyond dreamy! It is super well designed and does not feel like a resale shop at all. I will always hold a special place in my heart for them as they made my dream jeans - a pair of Hudsons a reality. Yes I know that sounds dramatic but if you know Hudsons, they have a way of making your booty not so bootylicious if you know what I mean. Anyways I tried some on, and they didn't fit right, Chris told me I could get put on a list for exactly what I was looking for and they would send me an email when it came in, which happened about 2 months later. My Hudsons and I will live a long and happy life together thanks to Ivy Boutique!!
1	Poor selection (most are fuddy-duddy mommy clothes), grossly overpriced and the whole store smells like old shoes.  This definitely won't be on my rounds.
5	Another brilliant shopping experience at the Ivy. Today it was a stunning pair of Cole-Hahn kitten heels in a pale mauve - the pink of spring- for......  Wait for it....$20! I take my shopping very seriously and you could say that the Ivy is my altar of bargain shopping. I always find something to add to my wardrobe that makes me look fabulous and sets me apart from everyone else. I love the experience here and that has a lot to do with the owners and the great care they take of their merchandise and store. Whenever I go in, they always say hi and like any hi-quality shop, take the clothes I'm trying on and start a dressing room for me. They are also great at educating me, tell me about designers, quality of the material and point out what to look for.  The shop itself is a stunner with its gorgeous chandelier and fresh flowers. Love this spot.
4	The East Valley really needs a store like this so I'm delighted that it's right down the street!   I am always looking for better brand resale in good condition and I too have outgrown (literally and figuratively) the Buffalo Exchange crowd. My only reservation is that the selection is somewhat limited for a medium sized girl (clothes tend me to be too small or too big). However, I had a great shopping experience the other day when I saw an item on FB, which they offered to hold for me until the next day and I found a great-fitting pair of AG jeans on the same visit.  After using my Yelp voucher, I spent less than $50 for designer jeans and a 100% silk blouse - not bad!   I appreciate their use of technology, it's a great shopping tool.    Keep up the great work Ivy :)
5	What a beautiful shop. Very nice selection of clothing and shoes. Prices are very reasonable and sales staff helpful and friendly. I found several pieces to add to my wardrobe and plan to make this a weekly stop to see what's new.
4	Unlike other resale stores, Ivy Boutique is chic, uncluttered, and easy to browse through.  Clothes and shoes are sorted out by size (Except for a few racks of sweaters and coats), and they also sell accessories such as jewelry, hats, and purses.  I saw some higher end brands such as Gucci, Prada, and Burberry here, as well as more common (But still very good!) brands such as Coach, BCBG, and Banana Republic.  As for the style, there's a mix of contemporary designs as well as more conservative styles, so there will typically be something you can find for any taste in fashion.  One thing that's nice is that there is a decent range of sizes from 0 to XXL, so those that have more uncommon sizes will have a good selection to look through.  There are mainly women's items for sale here, although there is a decent, albeit small room for men's items.  Some of the designers I saw when I looked through the men's room came from Prada, Versace, and Tommy Bahama (just to name a few!).  I recently went on a purging spree at my place, and decided to sell some of my clothes, shoes, and purses here.  The owner was very friendly and did a lot of research on the computer to find out what the typical resale prices would be.  Now, since prices here for the designer duds are just a fraction of the normal price, the price they will buy for your items here will naturally not be that much, even if you have items that have never been used with the tags still on them.  But, they will give you money (30% of their sale price) or credit (50% of sale price) straight out, vs. consigning, where you may have to wait weeks to months for your item to sell.  After browsing through the store while waiting for my total selling price, I didn't find anything today that I fancied, but I did take the store credit in the hopes I'll find something nice in the future!
5	I rarely leave the boutique without a purchase..I love love love the shop, the clothes and especially Chris and Gemma. It is like a social outting with best friends whenever I pop in..what class!My sister Jan and I have missed you terribly but look forward to your future endeavors and whatever  you have in store for us. Please please don't ever lose my email as we want to be part of your next exciting adventures. We love you both!
4	I was so happy to find this store, I sold some of my clothes there for store credit so I could shop and I went back the other day and the store is gone!  No signs no nothing!  Very disappointed, especially since I sold them my clothes for credit and now I get nothing!
1	How can anyone visit the boutique when there is no address listed? Plus, when I tried to click on another post that said it was closed, the response from the owner can't be seen... Not going to get business that way
1	I had forgotten about this review I wrote 2 years ago until someone rated it recently as "Useful" so I felt I should provide an update.A month or so after this review, I brought in several items to sell at the boutique at their Tempe location. I was offered the option of paying out in cash, or getting a higher reimbursement rate by gift card. I opted for the gift card, and stopped by once or twice in that month, but didn't find anything that I quite liked, or was in my size. Sometime in 2013, they closed up their physical location in Tempe and had an online-only website, listing their business on Facebook. I was not given any notice that they were moving, and like another reviewer mentioned, there was no sign indicating where we should find them now. I did know about the online site (Only because of the owner's response to a review here), so I messaged them about items they had in stock. I got a brief response to one of my inquiries, but they did not respond to any other inquiries I had about any other items.That was a year ago. Since then, I'm assuming that they went out of business. I am unable to find their Facebook page anymore, and upon searching for their number on google, it now seems to be a freight trucking company. This was an unfortunate instance of "seller beware", as I lost out on a good chunk of money by opting for the gift card/seller credit. I understand that it can be hard for a small business to make ends meet, but the lack of communication about the loss of their physical store, and the items they had in stock so I could use my credit has left a bad taste in my mouth and more wary to support similar businesses through store credit.
