5	I stopped in for a vaporizer.  The guy gave me low, mid and high end options.  No pressure.  Just the facts.  He let me decide and I'm really happy with my purchase.  He was nice and knowledgable.  Happy to support a local business.  I will definitely be back.
5	Robert runs a tight ship and lives in the future.I feel totally at ease to come in, browse and he doesn't pressure me to buy a thing.(I'm going thru a divorce, and am destitute, but he knows I am medical, so I'm in it for the long haul.)We talk tatts and art and culture and every inter-reaction is a good one, long or short.go in for social time, and he will tell you all about the new glass and new rigs. something for everyone.much love,Grapes
5	Rob and Andy were very friendly and helpful, not pushy and quite knowledgable of their products. Very good selection of higher end glass, better than most in Colorado. You can't always trust yelp reviews but this place is a good shop that won't let you down.
5	This place is freaking awesome. Great selection and something to fit every taste. The staff was extremely friendly, and knew about minute details and could answer every single question I had, and their knowledge definitely helped my purchase. Andy spent literally two hours with me testing various items, even with water to get the full experience. They cut me an amazing deal since I'm a new customer and had some specific needs, and I couldn't be happier with what I ended up with.Oh, and they also have a vast selection of e-cigarette liquids and pens although I am not a user myself. A few customers passed through while I was hemming and hawing over my decision, and seemed impressed by the variety. I would emphatically recommend this place to anyone looking for some new glass or smoking accessories.
5	Best selection of glass. Dude nails it with all the scientific glass all displayed in rad trophy cases. You will not be disappointed in the selection. The dudes are really chillin and know what they are talkin about. The new place to go since undercover closed down.
