5	If you are still celebrating your 40 something bday, more than 10 years later...I absolutely reccomend Fascinations!  I visit Scottsdale once a month and finally got up the nerve to investigate Fasinations!  I was nervous and aprehensive.... I remember my first experince years ago.. at a "toy" store... It was creepy and uncomfortable, I wanted to ask questions, but I wanted to leave more!   This was like a dream come true...the store is very upscale, the products are well displayed its clean its neat, and the best part was the help I received.  I wasnt sure I needed help, just kinda wanted to check things out...which they let me do for a while.  The sales girl, Tianna was wonderful!.  She didnt push or prod, but asked some general questions and then began my education!  I couldnt have imagined what a "much younger' gal could share with me...but I came away with knowledge and appreciation...(she was funny and made me feel very comfortable, like we were old friends....) oh, and several new toys.  I really enjoyed myself and I will definitely be visiting each month when I travel to Scottsdale...I hope Tianna is there and I cant wait to see what's new!  Thanks!  I'll see you next month!
5	Angela helped us she's great!
5	Huge selection and very helpful staff. They didn't know anything about the $10 Yelp discount advertised here, but when I showed them on my phone they used another code to give me $10 off.
3	Overpriced! that pretty much sums um my review. I can get the same stuff online or less than half the price. It's a rare Phenomenon for me to go into a  store and walk out empty handed, but this visit was one of those instances.
5	I really love this store-it's the only fascinations I want to to go. The staff is so helpful and they really care about you-they want to help you find exactly what you need. I make a new friend every time!! :)
5	Had a great experience here. Employee was extremely helpful. Will be back!
5	I love the fact that they still want to see my ID upon entering...makes me feel like I still look super young!  This store is really clean (relatively new location) and bright, thanks in part to the huge front windows, but that is awesome, cause it takes away from the weird awkwardness that sometimes comes upon entering these types of stores. The staff always greets you with a friendly "hello" and are there to help you, in a very professional manner, with any questions or recommendations that you might have.This store has a very large selection of items. Everything from super fun shoes (they carry Iron Fist), costumes/apparel/lingerie/pasties (for men and women), educational reading material, fun bachelor and bachelorette party supplies, and of course, the items one typically thinks of with these stores. Fascinations also offers Romance Rewards where you earn 5% on your purchases, no need to carry a card, they will just look you up in their computer system!If you are going to go to a Fascinations, I highly recommend this locations at Scottsdale and Shea, I've always had positive experiences! And, as an FYI, they do have a back entrance for those that are a little more shy (haha, oh the irony!)
5	Best service ever.  I have shopped at some of the other Fascination stores and I got the best service here.  I had some questions about items and he was so nice and patient with me and answered all the questions I asked.
5	Very knowledgeable and accommodating staff. Ample selection. Quality products and a great shopping experience, too. I prefer this location for the layout of the store. Well done Fascinations!
5	I had visited this store recently and made a purchase, somehow, something I purchased didn't make it home with me and was left at the register. I called to see what I can do to get it, the manager, Nick, was the nicest and most helpful person. He checked everywhere for it, did an inventory or the product, and said that he had it for me. When I went to pick it up, he had a giftcard waiting for me for the inconvenience. It was totally unexpected. I will always be a customer of this particular store. Aside from this visit, the store is immaculate, fun, and the set up is organized. They have a huge selection, and the staff is so helpful. This is the only store like this that I don't feel completely awkward walking in, and having open conversations and questions.I would recommend this particular location to anyone.Thanks Nick!
5	Friendly, knowledgable and professional staff.  We made a purchase and I'm certain we will again. We've gone cheap with intimacy toys and learned our lesson. You get what you pay for.  Highly recommend.
5	Love these stores!  Every time we are in Arizona we stop in.   They always have friendly  staff, the stores are immaculately clean, and well lit.  Great selection of merchandise.
3	I think it's hilarious that I wound up here not even an hour after a discussion about the "classy places where I pick up my porn". They are conveniently located next to Fate Brewing Company and I have to admit it's pretty classy. It's DEFINITELY geared toward the ladies and couples  as I deduced by the special "Fifty Shades of Grey" display at the entrance to the bondage area.So a lot of sexy outfits for the ladies, some pretty high-tech and impressive looking toys and a very small movie section. They also offer classes on how to be a better lover. The ladies working in there were really good-natured, nice and patient with me as I reverted to the emotional maturity of a 15-year old. Guys, definitely bring your girl in here if she's looking for a naughty catholic school girl outfit.
4	This was my first time here. Wandered in with some friends before we went to the bar next door. This is a really nice location. Very well lit. Nice and clean. Not creepy in the least. If you feel uncomfortable at all it must be you because it can't be the store. Staff were very friendly too. They told us all about some upcoming classes they were going to have. I didn't even know they put on classes. How to please your woman. Interesting. Do they need teachers for this class. Just saying I'm available. Also how to please your man but that is probably a 5 minute class because it is not that difficult.This store would probably be more fun if I had a girlfriend but for now I'm just the one making jokes as my friends look around. Some of my friends are women so it was interesting to observe them perusing this store. A peak behind the scenes at behavior not normally observed. Very interesting. Guys don't let them fool you. As much crap as they give us about this stuff they are worse. Sure there are exceptions but they just prove the rule. Highly educational experience.I don't know if I will be back to this store as it is a little far away from me. But I will go back to Fascinations for sure in the need arises. Pun not intended. Ladies need not be shy about going in here. No one really. Everybody does it and the staff are around this stuff everyday so nothing is going to shock them. Don't be embarrassed. Have some fun.
5	Why I like this location:  Not a very high traffic Fascinations so it is not awkward perusing around.  The other fascinations close to me is right near strip club row in Old Town and let's just say there is always a whole lot going on in there.  The sales people here are always very friendly and helpful, but not in an overbearing inappropriate manner.  And my absolute favorite thing about this store is they have lots of lingerie, though some of it is overpriced...Some people have shoe or handbag problems!  Also, they have some clubbing apparel that is actually pretty cute, if you are into the more risque club look ;)
5	I visited the store last week before St Patrick's Day. I spent 3 hours in there! It was so much fun! 2 gentlemen helped me & they were so much fun! Love this store!!
5	I love this store...I can remember 25 years ago having to go to sleazy adult bookstores to get toys, outfits, etc...they had the arcades and tons of creepy men loitering around. I love how these stores are decorated and laid out. Very clean and classy. And every time I have entered a Fascinations I was greeted so warmly! The staff is very friendly. And let's not forget the variety of products! Amazing! The quality and prices are great. Thank you so much for giving us a store we can be proud to go in!!
