1	Worst place I've ever lived!!!! I live in a two bedroom apt and My apt is basically a sauna and was the least accommodating company I've ever dealt with!! I've had to sleep in the living room because it's the only place to keep cool. They said, "well can't you just keep sleeping in the living room?" EXCUSE ME!?! Unbelievable!! After 4 months and the summer was over, they came to change out the air filter and decided it was a good idea to do it while the AC was goin and now a huge black cloud bursted into my bathroom and ruined all my belongings. They said,"So what do you want us to do about it?" wow. I just want to get out of here is what I want. Have never been more miserable in my own home. Said they would at least add $200 to my deposit when I leave and now going back on their word. Do not trust them or live here. You'll actually see tin foil in a lot of the windows to try and keep heat out. Very tacky. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
1	What to say here, my dad and I flew over two hour to visit places their on planning to move their. Visited the cabrillo apartments and did a walk around, when you do that they take your IDS, After leaving saw we never received our drivers license back, called their and   koby who did the walk around would not take the call, then my father spoke to a girl and told her we needed our ID S, she said their in the desk come back, as a retired police officer he tried to explain to her we could not drive back with out having a drivers license on us, she would not give her name and said it sucks to be you. He took an 80.00 cab ride to go pick up their mistake, after returning home I called and spoke to sara and asked for a refund on the cab ride and she became abusive and I spoke back and told me tough shit and hung up. Called the grey star corporation who runs these holes and was treated the same way, WOW LOOK ELSE WHERE.
1	This is by far the WORST property I have ever lived at.  The management and maintenance at this property are a joke.  The people in the office are extremely rude.  It is quite clear that they do not care about the residents in this complex.  Things fall apart constantly and nobody wants to do their job to fix anything, especially after 4pm or on the weekend.  You are pretty much screwed if you have a major issue on the weekend!!!  Don't be fooled by the new "upgrades"...this place is garbage.  DO NOT move here...run...fast!   Also, the Greystar company as a whole is ridiculous.  Good luck getting anyone on the phone who knows what the heck is going on.
5	Professional and courteous staff, especially since new ownership after November 2013. Making some major upgrades! I love Cabrillo. Thanks! -Ross
1	This is by far the worst apartment complex that I have lived at!  The office staff are incredibly rude and act like you're bothering them whenever you ask them to do something.  The apartments are poorly constructed and the upgrades are a joke!  I lived here when the old management was here and for a few months when Greystar took over.  My lease couldn't be up sooner!  The new rent prices are overpriced for what the apartments look like.  In summary, DO NOT MOVE HERE!
5	Recently new management took over the property and they have done nothing but improve the place. The staff in the office is wonderful and Travis the maintenance man is outstanding.  Very honest and trustworthy. I have lived here forever and been through several management changes and this team is by far the best. Thank you!
