4	The Canopy was formerly the Thunderbird Theater and is a converted movie theater.  It is a live music venue for the most part.  The front bar area is used as a "small hall" for intimate shows.  The larger room has a sloped floor (old theater, remember) and has limited seating downstairs depending on the show.  There are movie seats in the balcony, but the balcony may be closed.  A reasonable variety of shows come through the Canopy and tickets are usually reasonably priced.  Some pretty big names have passed there, both before and after they "hit it big".  I've spent many a Tuesday night there drinking the tastiest $2 Long Island Iced Teas I've ever had.  They used to have open mics on Tuesday nights and it was a good time, but have changed the format in the last year or so.As of this writing, you can get "delivery" from Manolo's Pizza right around the corner -- very yummy and creative take on the usually pizza and empanadas on campus.Jay Goldberg Entertainment also puts on this festival in Chillicothe, Illinois each year.www.summercampfestival.com
4	I like the Canopy. I saw Andrew Bird there a few years ago and it was cool. Ticket prices are reasonable, the sloped floor allows everybody to see the stage fairly well, and the "small hall" in the front is nice for chatting with friends. A few friends & I went there for New Year's Eve and it was emptier than I expected, which was actually kind of nice. Drinks were cheap and it was nice to be able to chill in the small room once we all got a little too tipsy to be dancing. I'd like the see another live performance here.
3	I went here for Monday Night Rage with ZMick. They only had the front portion open, and I'm assuming there were more stages from reading these reviews. The band was somewhat of a jam band, but they were awesome. It was $1.50 for domestic drafts and $2.50 for import drafts. The seating was limited, and the restroom only catered to three dudes. There was a decent crowd there, and it was a diverse crowd, for sure. Everyone was having a good time, and there weren't any conflicts.Parking was a nightmare, though with 2-hour parking meters and reserved spaces on the side of the road.
4	Totally reminds me of the Fillmore in SF. Dim lighting, good floor area to rock out with the band... Has also a sitting area / theater styled seats on the second floor... and a bar out back. It even has outdoor seating! I was surprised by the bands that come through.. there are actually pretty cool acts here! Totally would come back again.
4	Decent space for a live show.  There's standing room in front, a series of mismatched booths, tables, and chairs in the middle, and more standing in the back.  There's a side bar and I think you can order food beforehand.Canopy is a great place to catch a show, and last week's Mason Jenning's concert was no exception.  The acoustics were pretty sweet, and the crowd (despite the two really, really drunk frat guys who kept yelling in the front row--lame) was generally awesome.Canopy definitely makes the experience feel cozy and intimate and it's worth it if you're looking to see an up and coming band or one that wants to make the show personal.  Caveat emptor: first come first serve on the seating, and doors open an hour before the show.  Keep that in mind.
1	OMG possibly the worst experience of my life.Extremely small, crowded club with barely five feet of floor area in front. Floor is sticky and more than likely, you'll get a drink spilled on you. Cover fee is ridiculous and I hear it's even more jacked up on special occasions like Homecoming and Dad's/Mom's Weekends. Better check the band that's playing before or you'll get stuck listening to country crap like "Cornmeal." Ridiculous, deadbeat hippies rocking out to lyric-less songs.
5	Nothing makes me feel as warm and fuzzy inside as seeing a good show at the Canopy.  Its not just for hippie bands...they get a lot of really good local and national acts that come through, and I have had plenty-a-good time here.  I highly recommend checking it out if you are looking for something new to do.
5	Best place in CU to see a band, and pretty good for other stuff, too. Assuming Pygmalion rolls through again sometime, this is the premier venue (other than lame Krannert).If a band you dig is slated to play at the Canopy Club for less that $35, you should definitely go. The sound, staff, and variety of places to watch the band (including above in movie theatre style seats) make for a great indoor venue. The front room is also an intimate, charming if you will, experience, though the sound quality suffers.They also have Tuesday night trivia at Canopy at 7pm, which is lots of fun. It is 6 rounds of 5 questions per round, and goes pretty fast. It is hosted by the occaisionally humorous (but nearly always bearable) Fishing with Dynamite players. Prizes aren't great, but it is a much better format than similar trivia nights in CU.You can park across the street at Krannert garages, and they card hard, even if you are fully geezered like me. On off-nights (not Fri and Sat), there are always drink specials that make Canopy Club as cheap to drink at as any Green Street shit bar. However, the alternative nature of college music keeps the worst elements of undergrad anti-culture at bay.
4	I came for Piano Man at the suggestion of a friend of mine. It was full of undergrads who don't have any homework yet, but we were able to find seats on the side of the room. It's a nice big space, and pretty much any seat is a good one. The Piano Man (sorry dude, I don't know your real name) played a good range of stuff, from the required "Piano Man" and Elton John to Miley Cyrus and Britney Spears. (Does anyone else find it disturbing that everyone knew the words to Miley? Hit Me Baby One More Time I get, but Party in the USA? Really?)The cheap booze was added incentive. $2 long islands are a recipe for destruction, although I could have used a little more alcohol in mine. I don't like to fight for space but hopefully it'll be a little less crowded when the semester starts up. Would visit again.
3	Great venue for music. The bartenders perform as if they've been beaten in the head with a club before work. I recommend bringing your own booze since it was approximately a 20 minute wait per drink on a Saturday night with no live music playing.
4	Saw Gov't Mule play here a couple weeks ago and this is a great place to see a show. Great acoustics and not a bad seat in the house.Bottom line , if you like a band and they are playing here do yourself a favor and head to the Canopy Club
3	Went to the canopy last night to watch a housemate get some stage time.  Was neither pleased or dis-pleased.  The tiny front room left much to be desired in the seating dept.  Nice an' intimate all right.  Plus someone started a beach ball being tossed around.  That's always my cue to leave.  Night will do nothing but devolve from that point.However, Monday is dollar drink night.  After one too many amaretto sours; got an empanada.  Perhaps spoiled by cheap delish taco truck culture of CA, but almost two bucks for that tiny thing?  Plus the only flavor was SALT.  Serious salt.Meh.  Was ok.
5	AWESOME VENUEEEEEE, everyone here seems to be pretty chill and I don't know any other venue that you can get a pitcher a beer to drink while seeing a concert
3	The Canopy, like many others have stated, is a decent place to see a live band in Urbana. It looks kind of old and grungy, but it's an okay place. Piano Man, a favorite event there, is one good reason to go. They also have other events throughout the year.
3	If it wasn't for the awesome music, it would probably get a 1.Since they constantly have awesome music and bands from all over playing here you would think they could put some money into the place. Just because its near campus doesn't mean it should look nasty.The bathroom doors in the ladies room don't shut. That's a pretty easy repair there, people! And there was no soap in there, either.I understand that it can get busy behind a bar sometimes but the service was sloooooooooow and the bartenders were rude. Don't even think about ordering a mixed drink... they are tiny and overpriced.Definitely stick with beer. Of course, I will continue going here because as far as I can tell its pretty much the only place to see a variety of music down here but geez!
4	I mean, where else will you see good bands in town? High Dive is pretty good (see St. Vincent). Krannert is kind of stuffy (although Ra Ra Riot was pretty awesome there.) I've seen Neko Case, the Antlers and others here. I can't speak to any of the concerns about the bathrooms or the drinks being tiny because I'm too interested in the bands. For the size of the city, the caliber of the bands coming in is pretty high as far as the indie world goes. The Avett Brothers were there and so was Blitzen Trapper. Of Montreal is coming up and so is Surfer Blood. Anyway, I'll really miss this place when I'm gone.
2	Yes, I know it's smack dab in the middle of a college campus, so can't expect much for atmosphere. But this seriously may be the most cramped and unorganized venue I've ever seen a concert at.
5	Have nothing but incredible things to say about the Canopy Club. I came up for my birthday weekend to see a few DJ's perform, expecting nothing more than to be the average customer. I got to be back stage during sound check, during the concert, went to the Green Room for free booze. All in all, they put me up in there like I was Donald Trump. This is mostly a thanks to Positive Vibr8ions who really took care of me, but every employee and anyone associated with the Canopy was so kind and cool to me. It was truly the best 72 hours of my life (went to Wed night and Fri night concert).To all that were complaining, and rated anything lower than a 4. You were either not on enough E, not able to take home a girl/boy, or both. #ShutupAndDance
4	Pretty solid venue.  Not too big of a venue, and it can get packed at times when they sell out.  Be warned that it can get quite hot inside when there are lot of people, but what can you expect, that happens at any other venues I've been at.  The sound does leave a little to be desired and I can see it being an issue with live acts that have vocals, but I've only been here for the dance acts and it's been a non-issue.  One thing that I appreciate is that they have coolers of water and cups for free.  A nice change of pace from venues in Chicago that charge five dollars for a bottle of water.
3	Being from out of town and having numerous recordings from this venue, I was very excited to attend my first show there. That is really where the excitement ends tho. The door staff and security were all really nice, I will say that! Same goes for the bartenders.However, the place is really kind of a dump, sorry! Acoustically I did not appreciate the sound. The bartenders either did not know how to put alcohol in the drinks or just were cheap-o's (they were friendly people tho). And all in the all the place is pretty small and cramped when there during a sold out show. The outside smoking area was nice so you can leave the venue to get some fresh air.All in all not horrible but not magical.
5	I've only been to this venue a few times, but every show I've seen here has been AWESOME! The staff is nice and laid-back, the crowds are always great, the sound and lights are up to par, and the acts I've seen at The Canopy Club tend to rage harder there, than anywhere else I've seen them throw down. Kudos to this dope music joint :)
1	Had a horrible experience at this club. My wife and I drove from Chicago to see Above and Beyond a few days ago. We were standing on the balcony and Above and Beyond were getting ready to begin their show. A group of 3 Hindu girls and 1 Hindu guy came up and stood next to us, they looked like the typical college students living in Champaign. 1 of the girls was drunk, high and/or a combination of both and began throwing ice from her cup to the people below. Security came up, we pointed her out to the security guard. He gave her a warning. After he left she continued throwing her ice at the crowd, when the ice ran out she threw her cup !!! The bartenders and the female bar manager saw this happen. Security came back up and led all 3 Hindu girls and 1 guy out the front door. 3 minutes later the same security guard come up to my wife and I & tells us we have to leave too !!!! We tried to explain to him, the bartender and the bar manager that we were not part of that group. We were standing next to them !!! But we are not together !!! Did they care ??? Would they listen ??? NOOOOO !!!!!  We were unjustly kicked out of the club.They denied us the right to plead our case, they would not listen to us !!! Tons of witnesses around did not matter to them !!!!   We were the ones who pointed her out to security !!!!  The staff over there are insane, the bartender and his manager both wear glasses, by the way. It might be time to update their prescription, or they are just plain douchebags. Which one is it ??? The moral of this story ?? If you see anyone starting any trouble in this club anywhere near you get the hell out of there before the crazy staff kick you out too !!!
2	My first time playing at this venue. Nothing spectacular other than a place for musicians to showcase their music. The venue has enough space to get a pretty decent sized crowd. The sound engineers seem fairly knowledgeable and our sound check went pretty smooth. Unfortunately this place is good for music and nothing else. The venue looks pretty beat up and raggedy, but it serves it's primary purpose very well. The bathroom smells like a combination of urine and old glue, so I recommend only using their facilities in an emergency.
4	Came here to see Above & Beyond earlier this year, and coming from Chicago music venues, I'm a huge fan of the Canopy Club. Yeah it might be a little small, might get a little packed (and I didn't know they had coolers with water, that's even better). But overall, the crowd here is good since it's predominantly U of I students.I thought the acoustics sounded great (but it was a DJ, not too many vocals) and I also like how there are 3 different bar areas, drinks were easy and fast to get. If you feel like taking a break from dancing on the main floor you can always perch up on one of the seats up in the balcony.Expect it to get HOT during packed shows, but that's expected. Also don't plan on using their washrooms unless in dire emergency.
4	This review is for Urbanite at Canopy Club:Ventured out for Urbanite 2013 and so glad I did! For a non dancer it felt like the movie Step-Up in the flesh. The dance community seemed super encouraging towards one another and Canopy was filled with high/positive energy. The venue is like some of the smaller/older theaters in Chicago or the Egyptian Room in Indy where it's standing room in front of the stage and there are seats in a small balcony further away. This is one of those times where being short is tough and those 6" heels may be of assistance (especially when a tall guy decides to stand in front of you with his furry hooded winter coat). It was a great showcase filled with super sexy dance numbers from approximately 15 different groups that made me want to throw my hands up and shake my hips!
3	Canopy is a decent local music venue that can accommodate  both large and small acts. It's a former movie theater, so the acoustics on the main stage aren't phenomenal,  but there is plenty of floor space up front by the stage, and seating further back for a good capacity. A smaller stage in a front room is great for smaller acts and slow nights. The bar is fine, employees are quality and, nestled in the middle of the music campus of the UI, it's a fine location.They do a really great job of pulling in local acts and up and coming talent such as Mars Walters, or the Dramatics and Tropical Fish.
3	Best place to see music thus far for the Pygmalion festival that is put on yearly. Drinks are a joke though, not even remotely close to a full pour for the price. Have a few before catching the show.
4	Really cool place to go if you're trying to get up close and personal to the band, I saw Umphrey's McGee here last night and it was one of the best shows I've seen yet. You can't tell how big it is until you get inside.For a venue in the small town of Urbana.The staff is super friendly, very accommodating and not condescending like the staff at other venues. Overall, really great place to see shows in C-U.
