1	These people send me junk e-mail about houses that are not even in my state. I have tried to get removed from their list and nothing seems to work. I avoid doing business with people who spam people with e-mail and I think you should to.
5	Delinda are her team are wonderful! they are very quick to return phone calls and emails, and work with with my schedule needs. to show houses.I highly recommend them.
5	It is a pleasure working with Delinda Crampton and the Crampton team. Very professional and approachable. I never hesitated to contact them with any questions or clarifications that I needed addressed. They were always available to assist me. From start to finish I always felt that they were looking out for my best interests. Their knowledge and expertise was a delight. I have had a bad experience in the past with my previous realtor so it was a relief to find Delinda and work with a realtor that I could trust.  I would recommend The Crampton Team highly.
5	I cannot say enough about Delinda Crampton and her team!  I am a General Contractor and my primary business is residential remodeling.  That being said, I am also very picky.  This made showing me homes more like a skeet shoot for her and her showing agent!  Having moved my aging Mother back home to live with me my needs were pretty specific.  I needed a home with a full bath I could modify to accommodate her physical limitations, and bedroom both downstairs, in an area that would keep us zoned for our youngest boy's high school, and in the price range my wife and I wanted to be in.  Delinda's team would take my wife and I out to look at homes, and one after another I shot them down due to one problem, or another.  Signs of a roof leak.  Shower looks like water damage was covered up.  Because I'm in the business I see things most people do not.  I not only felt sorry for the showing agent, but I felt sorry for my wife as well!  Delinda and her team persevered, and found us the perfect home that I would be able to modify to accommodate my Mother's needs!  I can't say enough about Delinda and her entire team!  I am fully aware I am not the easiest person to please, but they kept us informed throughout the entire process, and did not get discouraged when I would shoot one house down after another!  In the end, both my wife and I were very pleased with our experience using Delinda.  I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to either purchase, or sell a home. Beyond being a consummate professional, she is a wonerful human being to boot!!
