4	To correct the previous reviewer, the US Post Office is NOT government owned but is in fact an independent agency and run as a corporation. This particular Post Office has much better customer service than most other places I have been to.  True there are only a couple of people working at a time to help customers but I have NEVER seen a line out the door in the whole year that I have been going to this post office. The postal employees here are patient. Yes, they have not been trained in the five points of being a friendly customer service rep but hey, I will take these post office employees over any other.
1	I am trying my best to support the Post office, but they make it difficult. I took the day off as I had several deliveries today requiring signatures. The FE delivery showed up as expected. I checked my mailbox at 1 PM and again at 3 PM. Sure enough the Postman leaves a 'Sorry We Missed You' card in my box. My doorbell worked for FE, I checked it again and I did NOT leave the house. I know they are buried, but this kind of service only gives them a worse reputation. I will choose other carriers if I can.ADD: To his credit, a manager did find my package at the branch the same day and called me so I was able to pick it up that day and not wait until the next day. I still had to drive there, but at least I got it.
1	This place is the pits.There are no supplies in any of the racks unless you want to send something Express Mail. All of the Priority Mail stuff is constantly gone and they don't have any more. Not that there's anyone to stock the racks even if they did.People used to leave reviews complaining that there were "only two" workers. Those days are long gone--there is now ONE counter person at all times. That means if you get behind someone that has questions, or can't understand a customs form, or wants to argue about mail being held, you are just stuck.Why not use the automated machine, you ask? Because its printer has been broken for two weeks and you can't actually print the postage that you might buy. Not that there's a sign telling you this--you have to spend a few minutes going through the process only to be told at the end that the transaction can't be completed because the printer isn't working.I know they are making cuts because they are out of money, but it's a vicious cycle they'll never get out of because they've now effectively made it impossible to patronize the postal service.Stay far, far away.
3	Lines are hit and miss. Sometimes insanely long, other times no line at all. Usually only one employee working, and when there is a long line, an employee or manager will come out and ask if anyone is there for pickup, but not actually open up a line or help the customers waiting. Also there is a female employee who is SO rude. I've heard other people in line whispering, "No, No! I don't want to get her!"  I try to print postage online as much as possible, but when I have to, I go there only bc they are still cheaper than the other options.
