3	San Tan Village off the 202 & Williams Field Rd. is a new Outdoor Mall style shopping center.  The upside for me here is that the lay-out is reminiscent of an urban environment which is something I miss from Boston & NYC.  The shopping center is mostly arranged like city blocks, with store fronts and streets intersecting throughout.  Some "street" sections are closed off and feature water play areas and outdoor seating areas.While I'm walking around here I can imagine for brief moments that I'm in a retail area in a downtown back east.  Just for brief moments.The downside is that it is nearly 100% corporate, as Malls typically are.   You can find all the usual suspects here and perhaps 1 or 2 locally owned or independent businesses.  You will not find a Bourgeois Pig or a Cafe Graffiti or any unique and interesting shopping and dining here with the possible exception of Blue Wasabi.There are misters nearly everywhere but they seem to be turned off at random times when I wish they were on.I think the planners really missed the boat with this shopping center.  They should have put condos/apartments over the stores instead of business lofts and they should have brought in more independent and unique local business.
2	I visited here with my mom-on my recent visit from LA.  It's cute, not great shopping.  But everyone was extremely nice and helpful.  I must mention the store Vibe.  This guy who owns it was in the store and telling us about how famous he is and that he is the greatest and knows everything about style.    I went to try on a few things and he had to mention the mirror in the fitting room had a skinny mirror and not to take it for what we saw(it was fine)  he further insulted us my telling us about how he is doing AZ a service with his store because no body knows how to dress. It was over the top rude.But I do recommend the shopping, just stay out of Vibe.  Misters were on and working when I was there.
4	I like San Tan Village. Even though I do not go in the summer cause it is to hot. But I guess I dont go anywhere outdoors here in the summer. Anyways I like the selection of stores. Its alot nicer than the other mall options (Superstition Srings, Fiesta Mall. Chandler Mall, etc.). The parking situation is not any worse than any other mall, plus they have parking right in front of most of the stores if you need to hit up a store really quick. The food court has lots of GOOD choices. Another benefit is that they do not have a kiosk every 10 feet with creepy douche bags trying sell their crappy cell phones or lotion. The only annoying part is going on a friday or saturday night when all the supid teenie boppers are out in full force and have no reguard anyone but themselves. But thats the same with most malls.
2	Not a fan.  Spending a lot of time in Chandler, I have been trying to find some good places to shop other than the mall.  This shopping center will not be in the rotation.  It's set up a little differently, more urban-like I guess, but it's the same old shopping and restaurant chains.  Dillard's is an "anchor", but I'm never that impressed with them.  Macy's is on the way, which is slightly better I guess.  Parking is a pain.  Not an easy in, shop, out....but what strip mall is, right?The only plus is that the stores are somewhat organized into teeny-boppers and adults, meaning that when I wanted to hit up Banana Republic, White House/Black Market, and Ann Taylor they were right next to each other.  I'd much rather shop at Dana Park Village Square, which at least has some non-chain stores and lots of easy parking.  If I want the department stores, I'll head to the mall.
4	This is the one mall out here that I like. Its got a lot of the stores that I frequent (Sephora, VS, Banana Republic, Forever 21, Body Shop etc.), and a movie theater. They have misters in the summer, since its an outdoor mall. Parking is pretty hassle free. The only thing I don't like is how In and Out is across the street. I guess its not upscale enough to hang with the other food establishments on this side of the street or something stupid like that.
4	I really like this, um, area.  It's got a really cool collection of stores ranging from the ones everyone has heard of to the ones that everyone hasn't.  They have the best Apple store around, where the associates are not a bunch of pricks.  The food selection is decent, and it seems to be growing.  They have the husband's favorite yogurt place, Yogurberry, so that's a plus.  I also think the Famous Dave's should be open now, yum!  I like the design of this area, it's quite expansive but still walkable.  I agree with Melinda S., and I think she was spot on when she said this place is kind of like Disneyland in its setup.  Anyway, I don't know how well this place will fare in the scorching summer, but only time will tell.  I can't imagine that their incredibly dark color scheme, that I happen to like, is going to be of any help.
5	In case you all don't already know....I moved here two months ago from San Jose, CA.  I'm exploring the area, looking for interesting and cool places to go and shop, eat, etc.  I decieded to take a ride yesterday and drive out to Chandler and Gilbert.  I just took an exit off the freeway and drove.  Imagine my suprise when I stumlbled upon SanTan Village!It's located sort of out in the middle of nowhere, really.  I mean, I'm used to stores and malls one on top of the other where I come from.  This one is literally by itself, seriously there is not much else around it.  It was the HUGE Barnes and Noble that caught my eye first.  I turned in and realized that behind that B&N were little streets lined with stores and restaurants.  We parked and walked around.For my San Jose friends.....this is what Santana Row should have been instead of the pretencious piece of junk it is.  Sure there are some upscale stores here like Coach but there is a large Macy's, Dillard's and a huge theater.  The "streets" are layed out nicely and everything was easy to find.  I like that they have one street that is just for kids.  This is where you'll find the children's play area, all of the children's clothing stores are here along with a PayLess Shoe Store and a Disney Store!  This Disney Store is one of the nicest I have seen.  It's layout is nicely done and the staff were super nice!  There are lots of restaurants on the outskirts and there is a separate food court.  There is an Apple store AND a Best Buy here too.  So let's recap....I've been to the Tempe Marketplace and I liked that place alot except for the fact that is it so spread out.  SanTan Village is not as spread out and has a lot of the same stores.  I had no issues parking either.  It was a really nice Saturday afternoon when we went but, like the Tempe Marketplace, this is all open so I can't imagine coming here during the day when it's 115 outside....just sayin....I would be more inclined to go to an indoor mall at that point.  I really loved SanTan Village and I am going back next weekend!!  Pay day is next week.  :)  And there are several other stores across the road including a Costco, a DSW , and WalMart (I don't shop there but you might).  If you have not taken a ride out this way....you should!  It really is a nice area...probably one of the places I would consider living after I have been here for a while.  :)
5	So I had a faulty piece of Mac equipment, and remembered that there was an Apple store in this mall. Oh boy. You know all shopping trips turn out so innocently. The Apple Store is getting 5 stars, because #1 - they exchanged my cord hassle free, and #2 - I didn't have to wait in a crazy long line at the Genius Bar like I thought I would have to. A guy asked if I needed help, and I told him what was going on, and I was in and out of there in about 5 mins. No hassle about receipts, boxes, or any of that crap that I was worried may happen. Then I walk over to Banana because the last time I was there I found some great deals on dress pants, and I was hoping lighting would strike twice. I wander around and find a suit on sale. I'm about to finish grad school, so I figured a suit would be a good investment, so I buy it. I get home and find out that one of the sensor tags is still on. Mind you, they had already taken this big rope thing off the jacket already, and you think that that would be enough, but no. They had to be extra careful. I figure I'll just go back, and get it taken off when I get the chance, and might as well ask if there's been any price adjustments since I was last there, since I have to go back anyway. I go back next week, they take the tag off, I ask about the price adjustment, and they say sorry, that it's been more then 7 days, so they can't price adjust me. Oh well. In the meantime, I pick up some nice dress shirts for my dad and brother. I have absolutely no clue what size they wear in shirts, let alone what neck size they have. The sales guy was helpful, and I ended up getting two shirts for them. Across the street was a VS Semi Annual Sale, and in true Becky Bloomberg fasion (a la Shopoholic series), I say I'm just going to take a look, and come back out with more than I planned to. Why Santan Village! Why do you make me spend so much money!
2	After stalker-calling all the Sephoras in the area for a certain product, the Sephora at San Tan is the only one that had it in stock. Of course. You take the contents of any average mall and lay it out in a bastardized version of the 3rd Street shopping district in Santa Monica and put it in the middle of BFE and you get San Tan Village. It's literally a suburban hell: tons of poorly behaved children, soccer moms who can't park their SUVs, and bleach blond hair everywhere. Oh God, it was horrifying. And this is when the weather was actually nice. This place in the summertime would literally be hellish.I don't remember the last time I was so thrilled to cross back into the Phoenix city limits. Home sweet ghetto home.
4	I remember when San Tan Village opened and made the news. Apparently the "family friendly" town of Gilbert was being destroyed by the large Victoria Secret ads displayed outside their store at San Tan Village. " OH MY GOSH, my eyes! Women in bikinis!" A dozen people complained to the town calling it "Pornography." What are we living in, 1950? I just roll my eyes and laugh. I hadn't been to the shopping center since it opened even though I live really close. I took my first trip a few weeks ago and was relatively surprised. There isn't much outdoor shopping in this area, except for the usual sprawling mega strip malls complete with Super Target, Chipotle, PetsMart et al. The layout is nice. You can park directly in front of stores and I've found parking to be fine, even on a Friday evening. They have the usual selections from various malls as well as some  higher end stores, and a few I've never heard of. There's a small pet store on the north east end, off the main drag that has a really cute selection of animal collars for the same prices as PetsMart, but much more adorable. There's a Sephora, Apple Store, and Lucy, which sells yoga and athletic wear. Their selection looked nice. I really hate the mall, with a passion. I avoid it 365 days of the year, however I love any type of outdoor shopping that's done tastefully and has a good selection of apparel, even if I don't shop all that often. It's nice to just walk around and window shop.
4	Took a stroll through this mall in the evening (COLD for locals, WARM for me---50 degree, in shorts and a T).   Highlights: mega big Barnes and Noble with free wifi (got some travel books and magazines!), some good sales (although the beyotches working there were nowhere to be found for help in the dressing room, even when I walked in front of them gossiping at the counter to find other sizes myself....maybe I could have walked out of the store?).  Pre thanksgiving this place was dead, those eerie American landscapes of super clean sparking consumerism with only a few dead souls wandering through....I guess they will make up for it next week.  Nice clean outdoor feel and well lit/festive, awfully small but high tech food court.
4	Next month when the temps skyrocket to triple digits, i will prolly not think soo highly of this place, but for now, San Tan has gotten alot of my free time.  After moving from Tempe to East Mesa, this is my new Tempe Marketplace!!   Almost every Tuesday, you will find me here.  I love getting outside and walking around. They have all my favorite stores, a food court, and alot of really nice restaurants!  I can't wait to try Blue Wasabi!!!! Plus before i leave i always have to hit up Total wine for a few necessities. im not sure if its something in the water, or what but  I've been in almost all of the stores and have yet to meet any employee who wasn't smiling and helpful.  If you live way the heck out here like me now, definitly check this place out!!!  see you there! :)
4	Lots of cool shops.  I am happy to find another location of Lucy, Ann Taylor and some great eateries.  Everything I need is right there.  I am coming prepared to do more shopping when I am in Mesa next month!
4	Outdoor malls are poppin up all over the place, heres my pros & cons on this mall-looks a little different than other malls, very modern- kind of dark and gray, but in a cool wayl-very family friendly, totally got a good, positive, wholesome vibe here. -you know what to expect (all the usual suspects, American Eagle, Banana Republic, Bath & Body works, Foot Locker, Forever 21, Sephora, ect)-A good amount of restaurants to choose from-Last time I went they had live music Cons- Too hot in summer to be walking around
4	Santan Village is an outdoor mall. It has an array of different shops and is bound to have a few that suit your interests. One disappointing thing, is that it has become a very popular junior-high hang out place.
4	Good mall, I go here mostly when the kids "need" me to. It's a mall, so you know what you're going to get. Mostly we go to the movies. The outside thing is great in the fall. In the summer I have no desire to go there. They are also dog-friendly, which I guess is a plus if you really need to take your dog to the mall.
5	We went to the Apple Store and as always, we recieved help from one of the great customer service represensatives before we were too far from the entryway. All of our questions were answered and we walked out with exactly what we came for. The Apple Store is arranged aesthetically and helps me think clearly even if I don't understand everything about technology. Thank you Apple!
4	This is such a great mall! [the mall area north of Williamsfield and 202]Very clean, safe & modern. It has a small downtown street feel, it's nice to have in this huge urban sprawled city we live in. There is so much to do here. They have all of the classic shops you would find in an indoor mall, including a Harkins Theatre and a variety of great restaurants/bars. This place has everything you need!I am here almost every day whether if it is just to hangout and walk around, window shop, enjoy the weather, or go out to a bar. The atmosphere here is always safe & fun both during the day and night... but I wished the mall would stay open past 9pm! Only downside is, it's not the most comfortable to walk around when it's 115 degrees outside [duh]. But they do have misters going usually, which is helpful :) Definitely check it out :)
4	More outdoor malls in AZ?  Why?  We can't use it 4 months of the year.Ok, it is NICE!  Very modern, family friendly, lots restaurants, and has actually anchor stores (Macy's and Dillard's).
4	SanTan Village how I LOVE Thee! I'm not a "Mall" Type of person & SanTan being an "Open Air" Mall helps me enjoy this mall more than the other malls in town. I love the fact that there are many Adirondack Chairs & Umbrellas so the Hubster & I can sit, talk, relax & people watch at different parts of the mall! Con #1 about the mall is that they don't have much shade for being an "Open Air" Mall, If vines were planted at Grand Opening the "Shade" Structures would actually have shade for customers during the summer... But last time I was there I DID notice Vines had been planted... hope they won't take too long to grow! YAY!Con #2 about the mall is all of the Smokers. I find it silly how the Smoke Free Az signs are all covered by mini trees in pots... I understand its not the security guards job to tell these punks that NO SMOKING is a part of the SanTan Mall but I wish it was informed better... Might sound Lame to the smokers but Cigarette Smoke pollutes MY AIR & Causes my Hubsters Asthmas to act up. Love Love Love that its in Gilbert & Excited to see what happens with the "New" Owner/Management Company that bought the mall!
4	Where I come from outdoor malls are the norm. Santan doesn't get any extra props for being outdoors. It does get credit for being very clean and well kept. It really is an attractive outdoor shopping area. There are a lot of great options for places to grab some food. They offer some excellent desserts like gelato, frozen yogurt, and cupcakes as well. The selection of stores is nice because it has Sephora, Victoria Secrets, and Banana Republic. I do wish they had more stores like the GAP, Anthropologie, and JCrew. I also wish they would stay open later. Overall it is convenient and provides some good shopping and excellent restaurant experiences.
4	Nice outdoor mall.  Good variety of shops.  The dining options are ok--nothing spectacular.  I wish there were more local restaurants and less chains, but what can you expect from a mall.
5	My family and I love this place!! The outdoor open market feel is very nice and has a delicious upscale feel to it. My favorite spots at the village are:Coach - Friendliest location I have ever experiancedWhite House Black Market - " same as above"Macy's - smaller selection than the one at the Chandler Mall. However, they are never super busy here and the workers are especially helpful.San Tan also offers one of the best play areas I have seen around. The children's play area is on what my family calls the "kids wing" of the village. It has a size-able splash pad in the summer and various displays and meet and greets during the year.The only store San Tan Village seems to be missing is the Gap & Abercrombie which is a small bummer considering those are my daughters favorite stores.
5	I love shopping here!!!!! This is a fantabulous mall!! I love how it's outside, and all the shops there are great. My friends and I love to go there, get our nails done, then just go and shop!! See a movie, then get some delicious food!  I love it there!
4	This is a great mall that offers great store selection and easy window shopping opportunities. Its family friendly and during the summer months, the splash pad is always a kid favorite!
5	For all you shoppers out there this is your location for your needs, but there is a catch its an outside mall so only visit it during the 8 months of great weather. if you come out here from May - August it is just HELL!!! Run from store to store. You can catch a flick, shop, eat, hit up walmart, bestbuy, sams club, within a mile you have every store that you could ever think about visiting. I would give this place 6 stars if I could.Also they did close the food court itself, which is sad.
5	My favorite mall!! It has all my favorite stores in one place. Apple, Best Buy, and Dicks Sporting goods. The mall is super clean and its all outside which does have its downfall in the summer. This place reminds me of the Grove in California.
4	Clean grounds, play area for the chillens, well manicured landscaping, pleasant architecture, a lot of parking. a great area to spend time in.
4	This is one of my favorite outdoor malls! It's always clean and nice, the stores are awesome, love Charming Charlies! I do think it's a little mean that they put the Grimaldi's Pizzeria next to the Lane Bryant but hey if it helps them both stay in business I'm all for it!
3	I think the parking situation kind of stinks.  The maps of the mall are few and far between and it's easy for me to get lost/overwhelmed. In the summer time getting around this place, especially if you're in a hurry, is miserable. SO hot and those misters don't do much.  Fun winter time activity to just walk around and relax, but if I need something quick I'll seek out another mall. I also think their selection of stores is kind of limited.
4	Very nice outdoor mall. It can be a little hectic trying to find parking though. A lot of high quality stores can be found here. The restaurants are very good as well just a little pricey. There is a nice movie theater as well that doesn't get very busy most of the time.
4	I think I'm in love with SanTan Village. Not only is it just nice to walk around (and many seating areas if you rather just hang out and drink coffee, tea, etc), but there are a lot of restaurants and good shopping. If you are looking for a particular store, maybe look ahead and see off they are here, but if you just want a nice afternoon out with no agenda then this place is great. A little smaller than Tempe Marketplace but maybe a little higher end.
5	Are you KIDDING me!?! Sooooo glad I moved to Gilbert!!! There is EVERYTHING here! Super easy to navigate my way around  even not being familiar with the area, it is the definition of one stop shopping!
4	This is a nice open air mall with a lot of good shops.  Only down side is the traffic getting into and out of the parking lot.
5	I enjoy coming here to browse around and walk around outside.  Good place to get out of the house and bring the kids If you have any.  I love going to Grimaldis, and the Gelato place is amazing!
4	San Tan Village is my favorite mall in the East Valley!Although there is a mall closer to my home, I find the family-friendly vibe of San Tan Village to be worth the extra drive. San Tan Village is an outdoor mall with a good mix stores. They play area is a favorite of my children. They offer monthly events aimed at kids and during the holidays they have 'special visitors' (Santa Claus, Easter Bunny).In addition to the mix of stores, San Tan Village also offers a variety of restaurants - from the in-store Starbucks Cafes to Italian Restaurants and many in-between.This a place my family and I enjoying going, if not to shop, to just walk around and enjoy.
4	San Tan Village is a great mall. The parking can be a little hectic especially if you get caught up in the heart of the pedestrian area but if you just park on the outskirts by one of the anchor stores it's not bad at all. The mall is layed out nicely with wide open walkways and misters when it's hot. Recently I have taken my baby niece to the splash pad and play area which are both great for the little ones. The mall is kept very clean and there are plenty of spots to sit down and relax. Lots of great stores to choose from including higher end and also your average mall stores. It of course gets a quite hot in the summer and is much more enjoyable in the fall/winter months but would not be bad to stop by if you had a specific store in mind in the summer. There are also multiple great restaurants to try including, Kona Grill, Blue Wasabi, and Cantina Laredo to name just a few.Overall San Tan Village is nice outdoor venue for walking around and enjoying the day. I will be back!
5	What a great place to go shopping !!! I love how they also have a playground / water area where kids can play in for free :)
5	Great place to go with your family. There is a splash pad that's free for the little ones. My wife and I enjoy the restaurants and dining they have--Brio, Dave's BBQ, Kona, and more. It's also a nice place to take a walk at night, there is music playing and the environment is fun. We enjoy the Harkins theatre that is connected. My only negative is there is no food court for fast and easy dining and parking can get tricky.
3	Not as good as other malls in Arizona like Scottsdale mall or tempe market place or Chandler mall
4	San Tan is one of my favorite malls in the Valley. Have you ever seen it during Christmas in the evening, when all of the trees are lit up? Magical. It's an outdoor mall, so I don't prefer to shop during the summer. Too much walking in too much heat. The mall is fairly large, so either you need to enjoy walking, or start to. Luckily, all of the children's stores are grouped in one area, with 3 separate play areas next to one another. There is a play area for infants, a splash pad, and a play area for older toddlers and up. Bonus! Disney Store, Double Bonus! Barnes and Noble. Triple Bonus! Harkins! Parking can get difficult, but I have learned to just park between Dillard's and walk in by the children's area. We were just there today, in fact... and last week, and will probably be there again soon! Delightful shopping experience.
3	Nice outdoor mall
4	Great Mall and loved the hot air balloon glow that is an annual event.
2	Watch your stuff! My four year old daughter made a Build A Bear for her brother 's first Christmas gift. We were sitting at Dairy Queen with the box under our table and somebody snagged the box. Staff was not at all concerned. Just be careful of your belongings. It seems like a safe mall but not so safe. Was a sad Christmas lesson for a four year old girl.
4	This outdoor mall has all the things you need in one place. Great food.... CHECK......Great drinks.....CHECK........shops that service drinks while shopping....CHECK.... I'm sold!!..
