5	Totally great way to get tickets for popular shows at a significant discount.They post available tickets by 9:30am and then ticket sales start at 10am.  It's an outdoor kiosk so they try to give you some relief from the heat by having misters and fans.  They're pretty fast and efficient, which is nice.  They not only have discounted tickets for shows... they also have tickets for dinner, buffets, tours & attractions.And, if you're going to be in Vegas for a few days, they offer an Express Lane for you to return and buy additional tickets.  You show your ticket stub from your first purchase and it allows you to go into an Express Lane for the next 3 days to buy tickets for subsequent events.Keep in mind that you're buying a voucher for your show ticket.  They tell you to be sure to go pick up your tickets from the show's actual box office at least 1 hour prior to the show.  But, you should really go turn in the voucher and pick up your tickets asap because the sooner you get your ticket, the better your selection of seats.
5	Awesome way to get discounted tickets for Vegas shows! We arrived in Vegas at 9am and went straight to this kiosk after checking in at our hotel. Plenty of tickets were available to many of Vegas' most popular shows at 10:45am. We waited in line for about 30 minutes to purchase our vouchers (yes vouchers). You need to take the vouchers you purchase at the kiosk to the show's ticket box located inside whatever casino the show you choose is located. We stayed at the MGM (which is why we chose to purchase at the Coke bottle location), but had to travel all the way to Treasure Island to claim our Mystere tickets. No big deal, just a fact that I would've liked to have known ahead of time. Paid about 1/2 price and the staff was very friendly.
3	Great way to get tickets cheap. This spot happens to be a little slower which is nice but with only one girl at the counter one "helping people choose their show," and a third just walking in and out of the back door ... we've been waiting line for over 10 minutes and still don't have tickets. We have other things we want to do while visiting the strip and we don't want to wait in line at tickets for tonight.
4	Great source for shows and restaurants tickets at the discounted prices.  We got half off Mamma Mai Tickets from them last night.   The staff was very friendly and helpful!  I would use them again.
5	Legit cheap tickets for shows in Vegas. Just make sure you know what time you are free so you can commit.
4	Great idea but prepare to wait in a line!  People keep getting so upset they have to wait in line. Deal with it! Everyone wants a discount ticket. We were 10th in line and waited almost an hour but it was expected. Make sure to know exactly what day (today or tomorrow) and what time and price tier you want before you get to the counter. The discounts are great for some of the shows(up to 60% off) in some cases. Once you get your voucher prepare to stand in line at the hotel box office to get your assigned seat. This is the part I wish someone would have told us about. The Tix4tonight is a voucher for your ticket. Not the actual ticket. Prepare to wait in line again. Basic idea... Build into your day the wait for tickets if you want a discount.
