4	So I've been a huge fan of the European Wax Center for months, ever since I discovered the one way out up in North Scottsdale.  I was looking at the website and discovered that they just opened this one up.  I was extremely excited as that cut 40 minutes of driving time out of my day and it was just a few blocks away from my gym.I am completely devoted to this place, and have already begun planning my 4 hour drives to Sacramento from Salem so I can get waxed.  Tahoe is right next to Sacramento, so it won't be a total waste of a trip.I was a little disappointed with this location however.  The front of house girls were complaining about this and that the whole time I was waiting for my waxer, extremely unprofessional.  And they don't have the plush red rug that I adore, instead it was just a standard one.Those are my only complaints, Chelsey did a great job once she realized I was a regular and stopped explaining the procedure.  All these girls have great bedside manner and I cannot get enough of this place.  I'll be sad to leave this behind in AZ.
5	Efficient AND a bargain!  I'm a sucker for coupons so I finally called to make an appointment at European Wax Center (I was in dire need) since I had received my coupon for a FREE bikini wax in the mail a while back.  It turns out that all first time female clients can choose between a free bikini line, eyebrow or underarm wax (men can choose from a free eyebrow, nose or ear wax).  Yes - free free free!  I usually do more than a traditional bikini line so the receptionist informed me that I could get 50% off the price of a brazilian (which would be $17.50) or full (which would be $14).I had my appointment last night and was impressed by how professional and clean the waiting area was.  I waited less than a minute for DeAnna to come out to lead me to her room which was spotless.  She applied two different skin treatments first then used a high grade wax that does not necessitate cloth strips.  She definitely knew what she was doing to make it as painless as possible...and got me out in a jiffy all smooth and clean.  DeAnna also gave me a bunch of samples of the company's lotions and body washes which smell incredible!  I couldn't stop smelling my hands the rest of the night!  The prices at European Wax Center really can't be beat.  I've already made my next appointment with DeAnna and will definitely be asking some questions about the promo passes they sell to get even more discounts on future services.  Until then, because I filled out a little comment card I get to cash in on the $5 off coupon they handed me on the way out!
1	I hobbled out stung, tufted, and counting the seconds until i could rest a nice cold big gulp between my legs.  They were promoting free wax procedures at their grand opening - and mea culpa for thinking "Ooh! a free Brazilian!"  Did I ever get what I paid for.  The place is pretty and has an open, clean design.  But as a previous reviewer mentioned, the vibe is somewhat ruined by the girls at the front desk.  I felt like I'd finally completed my college experience (15 years later) by spreading my legs in a catty sorority house.I called ahead to say that while I'd done this before, I was still a bit nervous about it - mostly due to me being a heavier girl - so I specifically requested that I get someone who would know their way around a body that wasn't 21 and svelte.  When I arrived, they handed me off to whoever was standing there at the time (i.e.,"I'm done.  I can take the next person" "Oh, ok, here she is!").  But she was friendly and nice and very reassuring, so I felt pretty good as we walked back.Once I was inside and in repose, my waxer admitted that she'd only been doing this a few months - and I'd lay odds that she'd never worked on anyone with my body type before, considering that she was reticent to touch me at all.  She also insisted that the entire procedure be done while I was on my back. Those of you who've had a Brazilian before probably know that the all fours position is pretty standard for reaching certain areas.  Now don't get the wrong idea - I wasn't insulted or anything... I wouldn't necessarily adore the thought of pushing someone's hoo-ha around to get all the little hairs off either, but then again... that's not something that comes up much in my chosen career.  My point here is that she missed a lot.  Furthermore - while my previous experiences have hurt too, it's always been brief pain - usually gone before the door shuts behind me.  In this case, I was walking like the mummy for the rest of day.One more thing - imagine being spreadeagled in front of a total stranger with hot wax very close to your happy spots... and someone knocks on the door behind your head, opens it, has a full conversation with your waxer, and then COMES OVER TO SEE HOW SHE'S DOING.  At that point, I understood that the point of the whole 'free' thing was for the noobs to get some live training - but it wasn't advertised as "our students are as good as professionals - get them before they're charging an arm and a leg!"  For that, you can go to an aesthetician academy.  I even asked why they were doing the promo and they told me on the phone that they were just so confident about their work that they knew everyone would want to be a repeat customer.I cross myself when I have to walk by them to get to Robek's.  *shudder*Moral of story: Some things are just not meant to be bought from the bargain bin.  This experience made me want to go crying back to Salon Surreal and bring flowers to Shalah.  Except that like... that'd feel too much like a date, I guess.
5	A previous reviewer noted that getting on all fours was standard procedure for removing certain areas of hair. Um, I'm sorry, but the only places I've heard of that make you get on all fours are the really sketchy wax places. No one I know who's gotten a full Brazilian has ever had to do that. Just wanted to clear that up.I'm a California girl visiting my sister here in this god awful desert (I say that with all the love and affection in my heart) and we decided to spend a day pampering ourselves yesterday. Pampering included a wax so we spent some time hunting for a decent place online. Lo and behold! FREE WAXING! And then I realized that it was for AZ residents only, which bummed me out a little, but I soon forgot all about it as I walked inside.It's certainly not the poshest place I've been to, but it's up there with the cleanest. The reception area was very open and inviting and the girls at the desk were informative and attentive to our questions. I ordered an eyebrow, upper lip and underarm wax service. For all of that, plus tip, I thought I got a pretty rockin' deal. Bay Area wax centers are pretty pricy, and what I paid would have been an eyebrow and upper lip service, sans the tip.The cute esthetician who waxed me was Andrea. She was very professional in explaining the procedure to me, as I had never used hard wax before. And boy, will I never go back to waxing strips! The hard wax was this thick, purple goop that dried on the area and was quickly removed. Definitely less painful than the muslin strips! I'd highly recommend the hard wax for those who have sensitive skin. Andrea also explained how to properly shape eyebrows after I told her that most places made mine pencil thin (which doesn't work since my face is as round as the moon [Thanks, Mom]). She let me hold a mirror in front of my face as she showed me with a popsicle stick where my eyebrows should begin, where the arch should be and where they should end. Needless to say, my eyebrows are pretty awesome now. In between her explanations, we chatted about a bunch of different things from make-up to music and God knows what else. Now, I'm a bit of a stickler when it comes to bedside manner. I hate lying there awkwardly as the esthetician works away in silence aside from saying, "Now this is going to be little warm," because, no, really? Weren't you going to use ice cold wax from Antarctica? But I digress. Andrea is a smart, sassy woman who made my waxing experience one of the best I've ever had. Aside from being the most attentive and thorough esthetician I've seen, she was also the most informed and friendliest by far. And I've been waxing since I was about twelve or thirteen, so that's a lot of estheticians.I was a little worried when I saw my face since it got a bit red, but the color settled back down in less than thirty minutes! Usually, I wax and stay home all day because the redness doesn't die down until the next day. But I guess the hard wax is just made of awesomeness and magic. So, if you ever decide you're looking for a place to get waxed, European Wax Center is the place to go! And definitely request Andrea and let her know that Ashley from California sent you to her! I wish I could fly out here for all my waxing, but alas, my wallet is not so large.
5	Had read some great reviews on here before trying it out myself. It's location is what I had looked for, because its not too far from Central and quite easily accessible by bus (yea, I ride it). Being it was my first time I definitely got to take advantage of the first time price, which is a GREAT deal! But I ended up having her do more while I was there so I ended up paying for the actual cost of the Brazilian (why I went there). I was penciled in with Amy and she was great. All the staff was very friendly and easy to have a conversation with. Amy was very gentle and I would definitely head back there.
4	My eyebrows definitely needed some love...I've ignored them so long that they're starting to resemble 2 fat caterpillars and I'll soon risk a uni-brow if something isn't done stat. Did you say FREE waxing? I'm a sucker for free stuff. The center is very sterile - not only in a clean and sanitary way, but also void of any personality. It's a chain though and they're trying to go for the 'European' vibe so I'll let them off the hook. The gal who did my wax was really nice, wore surgeons gloves, and carefully applied this purple gooey wax to my face, waited for it to dry, then pulled it off. It hurt a lot less than regular wax, and the fact that it was purple made it just seem cooler all around. I walked out 15 minutes later with clean brows and an appointment for my next wax. Definitely a good find.
4	Love this place!  It's clean, it's affordable and the front desk staff and waxers (is that the official title?) are all very friendly and professional.
5	I have visited European Wax Center on Camelback a few times now and have had nothing but positive, great experiences.The girls at the front are always helpful and knowledgeable about the services offered. I have been going to Natalia and she is wonderful.  She makes you feel 100% comfortable and makes it as quick and painless as possible.  I have had many brazilian waxes and she is by far the best.    A previous reviewer said she thought it was strange that they did not ask her to get on all fours-- well I have NEVER had anyone ask me to get on all fours for a wax, they always have done it in the same position as European Wax Center, how can they even get to the places needing to be waxed when you are on your hands and knees?  Do they get underneath you and wax while you hover over them?  That doesn't seem possible...   Everyone should stop going to wherever they go and head straight to European Wax Center, a good job deserves great praise and recognition.
1	I do not understand what barbarians all of you 4 and 5-star reviewers were going to before you went to the European Wax Center, but I had the worst brazilian wax of my life here.  It took much too long, hurt much too much, left a great deal of hair in the exact areas that should have been waxed, I had horrible ingrowns, and the hair started growing back almost immediately.  This means that the waxer was not pulling the hair out by the root, but was breaking the hair off. I can safely say, after several years of having been waxed in the right way, that this is not what brazilian waxing is supposed to be.  Save your money and go elsewhere.
5	YAY!! Rachel C at EWC is awesome, thank you sooooo much for her. I "go to brazil," with  Rachel every 3-4 weeks. She has always been on time, very nice, and professional. She makes me feel comfortable, and is very cean, never a hair missed. :)
3	This place was nice because the brazilin was only 19.50 half off first time. I was also able to get an appointment quickly. When I first walked in i noticed it was very nice and clean which is a good thing. The receptionist of course tried to shove the package down my throat but no biggie I know that comes from the higher ups. The reason I gave this 3 stars is because I was very uncomfortable with the process. All places that offer Brazilian waxes (at least the ones I have been to) they introduce themselves then leave the room for a couple of minutes so you can get undressed and get comfortable. No this place is an in and out type of salon so they have you undress right in front of them and hope right on the table. This made me feel really uncomfortable because I am a short not so skinny girl so hopping up on a table pretty much naked in front of someone you don't know was very weird. The girl who waxed me was very nice and kept conversation so I wouldn't think about what was actually going on. The wax without the strip was pretty cool but really no difference in pain. Still always hurts like hell but that's the price we have to pay for beauty :o). The other thing was after the wax she of course tried to sell me products that I just had to have and the package. I guess saying no once isn't enough. I was asked like 4 times for each product.Not sure if I will ever go again. I mean the price is wonderful but not sure if it's worth the hassle and awkwardness that comes along with it. Really surprised on these reviews no one has mentioned anything about the getting undressed in front the esthetician.  PS. Wax looked great though :o)
5	Tearless Brazilian? Yes! I'm giving them 5 stars for the quality of the wax (OMG! I could never go back to soft wax!), good/prompt service & clean facility. Heads up regarding 3 little issues: 1. The illusion of privacy is non existent, lol. In most places that I have been to they will leave the room to have you undress & give you a napkin to use as a blanket. No such thing here. They will prep the wax while you shake & shimmy out of your clothes. You are getting a Brazilian wax though,so really, what aren't they going to see anyway? 2. They might hand you to a total stranger,,, & by that I mean an esthetician, so don't get all excited! I wanted to have a good experience so I researched who had been named in the reviews. I got an appt with Rachel C. When I arrived I said I have an appt with Rachel C. She said "of course! Please take a seat". Someone came out & called my name. I thought she was Rachel C, but it sure wasn't. I was doing this thing no matter what, so I wasn't turning back over the ol' sitch-a-roo! All went fabulously anyway, but now I'm not relying on names. 3. Flexibility. Each appt is set for a specific block of time, but even if they have time left over you can't sneak any other services in. No biggie, just make sure you plan ahead.
2	Great introductory special for a brazilian for $20 but geesh louise..painless? I did not think so! And I'm tough, and a brazilian veteran! When that wax did not want to come off it did not want to come off. I have never had a waxer rip at a strip like that ever. That kind of wax works as the strip as well, and for whatever reason it didnt want to come off in a big sensitive spot! It felt like torture while I laughed and tried not to think about it. Since I have stuck with the good old faithful method. But I do have to say my room mate still goes there all the time for her eyebrows and lips, but I am mentally scared for life.
5	I love Rachael!Ok I have for 7months been doing a full leg and full Brazilian strip wax and then I came home from college and saw the reviews and tried it out. Rachael was very informative and explained each step of the way and how the wax worked. I am super pale skin and suffer from ingrowns and swelling with the strips. I came in with sweat pants on because I was used to the after sting.It was a purple gel that went over hair and I have to honestly say not painful at all because it only pulls on the hair and not the skin. I have no ingrowns or redness/swelling at all after the session. Rachael new all of her products and even answered all of my questions about my skin and how to take care of it.I now go about every month and come in in tight jeans and go out for the rest of the day with no worries.People that say its painful need to get strip waxing and realize the benefit of the hard wax and the less-painful feeling in about 30mins.Prices are fair and yes they don't leave the room while you undress..but they are going to see it anyway. And! Everyone is very polite and are licensed as well.
4	The EWC is great as far as cleanliness goes.  (You see the wax go into the trash once used; No dingy strips, cluttered counters, dirty rooms, etc) The prices are straightforward and the waxers will try their best to be helpful and give you a good experience. The introduction promo is a good deal especially if you have never waxed before and don't want to fully commit until you have tried the place. They have a moisterizing serum that they use after waxing that minimizes ingrowns... but not eliminate them. That being said, I have a little salt to throw in their game. Some customer service training for the front desk ladies would probably help them quite a bit. While generally polite, they sometimes forget that they should restrain their catty comments and attempt at snobbery until the customer leaves the lobby area. 2nd, they used to have a membership that provided a discount when you purchased various services on a monthly basis. The only discount you get after that first visit are single service packages. I am not sure why they don't want you to purchase a variety of services but I guess I am thinking like a dirty capitalist. I also find it amusing that it is so expensive to get waxed here in the Valley of the Sun. Coming from the Sunshine State where underarms, lower leg, & full bikini came to 59 even... spending roughly 80 dollars for the same service just doesn't seem right. That being said, I have seen some prices that have me wondering whether the owner of the place has a substance abuse problem of some sort. Lastly,  try different waxers until you find one who has a technique or manner that you like... then only use them. The training apparently has not been standardized which will result in very different experiences in the same location. That is why sometimes you will get privacy while others you won't... So in conclusion, they get 4 stars for their prompt service, clean facilities, and relatively affordable price... They missed the final star because they do not offer much incentive for repeat business & do not appear to have a minimum standard of performance for their waxers.
5	I could not find my local EWC which is in the Tempe Marketplace but since they are a chain and they hold a high standard of cleanliness and professionalism through out all thier stores.  All stores use a thick dark blue wax that is not as hot as regular wax and it does not require strips.  You see them throw the wax and sticks away immediately after use to ensure cleanliness.  I've been to three different women each time for my brazillian but all three were very professional and made me feel comfortable although I was panty-less and spread wide.  The prices are straight-forward and very reasonable.
4	So far, I've had great experiences here at EWC. The staff is always very friendly and usually get me in and out very quickly. Only once did I have to wait past my appointment time more than a couple minutes. I was sad that I didn't get any type of discount, considering if you are late for your appointment that you get docked. However, the fact that every other time I've been has been positive, I will let it slide. The prices are fairly inexpensive and the products they use always seem to work great for me!
3	Abridged: Aside from the inconsistency with deals and pricing, it's a great wax. Worth the trip.Unabridged: European Wax Center was recommended to me by my new stylist when I ended up falling in love with a hair salon that didn't do waxing. I have to admit that when I entered the location for the first time, I thought I was signing up for a cult. Just gave me one of those odd feelings. That ended when I went back though and had my eyebrows waxed. It was the least painful waxing I've ever had. The room was clean, my waxer was nice and friendly. She made sure I wasn't allergic to anything. It was very pleasant and the price is super reasonable. After my first visit, I was told about a plan I could sign up for. I declined, but was told if I booked my next appointment in advance now, I'd get $5 off. What I wasn't told, was that there was a piece of paper or something I needed to have in order to redeem that, and when I returned a few weeks later, I wasn't given my discount. I was assured I will next time, but we'll see what happens. If the third time proves to have no discount attached, it may be enough for me to leave. I want to come back, but I also don't like being toyed with.
2	I just got back from my first wax at EWC. The front desk was very nice, everyone was very nice. I really liked my waxer as a person, but she was not very thorough. It was my first time there, but I had been going to another waxing spot. Even though your first "bikini line" wax is free, I paid a little extra to get a "full wax" (+$16) and the "inner thigh" (+15). Despite getting these add ons, I still had a lot of hair left over and A LOT of wax. So much so, that I thought about using Nair when I got home. I didn't b/c I know that I'd be hyper sensitive right now, but I really wanted to since there was so much hair left over. I know that each esthetician is different, so I am going to give them one more chance with another esthetician, but I was disappointed. I did like the use of the different gels to reduce ingrown hairs and such and will report back later if they actually work.
4	Clean. Professional. Made me comfortable since I was a first time visitor. I could have done without the snotty front desk girls, but the esthetician was friendly and nice.
5	By far the most professional, efficient and comfortable experience as far as waxing goes.EWC gets their wax especially made from Europe.  Organic Beeswax that doesn't adhere to the skin.  Absolutely a pain-free bikini wax.  5 Star Service and a wonderful, friendly, staff.Your first brazilian wax is only $21, and after that I think it jumps to somewhere in the $40 range....but they give you coupons and if you buy a package you get an even deeper discount.In & out in 15 min.  Great service, and friendly staff.  5 Stars.
2	Their pricing is pretty good but the service is lacking. They use the same wax as Bliss but they're waxers are no where near as good. Every time I've needed to cancel or reschedule my appointment I've gotten several calls afterwards claiming I've missed my appointment and threatening to make me pay anyways! Their disorganization is the main reason I stopped going.
5	Friendly, reasonably priced, incredibly professional staff. Will definitely be back! Also- lots of available appointment times, easy to find, and plenty of parking.
2	2 stars because it was free.  If I had to pay for this I would have given them 1 star. The esthetician totally ruined my right brow taking off about 1/4 inch too much. Now I have to regrow the brow and find a new place to go. I am going to have to fill in my brow and look like a chola until this comes back. Embarassing! On top of this the esthetician waxed over the same spot twice, leaving the sensitive skin above my eyes inflamed. She had to go and pluck what she missed during the first two passes, which I think is really unnecessary. Most people do it once, pluck a few strays and you are out the door. I have a feeling she just graduated a low rent beauty school.I will never return or refer.  Save your money and go elsewhere.
4	So I finally decided to do it. My first waxing experience.and it was on. Brazilian, full leg and underarms. The works. The front girls were super nice, I really like them. I went to the back with Sarah and it was ow. super ow. I was super stoked so I walked out of there, left a tip and went home.When I hit home I realized that she had missed several areas, told me to tweeze or shave the rest. After realizing how much was missed I wasn't too thrilled. I called up today (the next day) and spoke with Erin the manager who booked me right away to come back in, apologized and said it would be fixed. I came in and got the amazing Rachael. I will NEVER go to anyone else again. She was awesome, total turn around from the first girl. I am hair free, she was nice, it didn't hurt as much. If you ever have an issue with service here, it definately is to your benefit to speak up. Erin is excellent at finding solutions to fix the situation. and again, I gush about Rachael's professionalism and fantastic work. Thanks guys!
5	I've thrown away my razors! I'm hooked on waxing for life and I'm sticking with European Wax Center FOREVER. Marina is the best, at this location. THE BEST.
1	After my horrible review, I was contacted by this place to give them another try with another person that they say is much better. I figured I should give them another chance because one person should ruin the whole company, right? Anyway...as I promised, I would update my review...I call this an update, but want to keep my previous review posted as that was my worst experience ever. =o(I came back here and met with a new person. I'm happy to say that my hair was not yanked in any way and was treated much better; however, there was just something that seemed so off. At first I thought it was just me and maybe going to the Scottsdale location spoiled me in some ways, but no. I truly believe that the services in this place is just not comparable to Scottsdale or the one in Glendale, AZ. I went to the next closest place to me which was in Glendale and they performed their services just as great as Scottsdale! =o) So...with this experience I can finally say that this particular location just does things differently that are not pleasant to me. They wax over the same spots and it's just a harsh feeling...you know when they keep waxing at the same spot...it becomes more sensitive, but they just keep waxing...it's that kind of harsh feeling. Just like any places you decide to read reviews on...there are going to be awful reviews and great reviews...but it really boils down to your own experience and how you like it. Sorry to say that I will never come back to this place...the only reason I would come back is if my current esthetician started working here.Previous Review:I've been to Scottsdale location, but wanted to try this out since it's so much closer to me, but my goodness! This is by far the worst service I have ever received!!! I should not have given a tip, but I guess I just felt bad if I didn't tip...such a mistake in my part. I really hate to give such a bad review and I'm not even going to mention the person's name. I came here to get a facial and particular person dropped some wax and it dripped to the back of my neck. She began yanking on long hair without even giving me warning! She blamed my hair for getting on the wax. Are you seriously serious??? I felt like she was a newbie and who was so unsure of what she was doing. I would NEVER come back to this specific location!!!
4	I've been going to this location for some time now and just love it.  Tanya is fantastic - she's quick and efficient, which minimizes the discomfort.  She is extremely friendly and very professional.  Receptionists are quick to greet you and good about answering questions on services and pricing.Facility is extremely clean.  No "double dipping" going on here.  Highly recommended.
4	EWC offers some screaming deals for first time customers.I loved how immaculate the place is, really great first impression.  The receptionist was a total sweetheart, she warmly greeted each customer that walked in.  Sarah did a great job on my waxing and made me feel comfortable which can't be easy when you're inflicting extreme pain on someone.
5	After going to the same wax salon for years I decided $55 dollars for a brazilian wax was getting a little expensive, I decided to try the European Was Center.  I got a killer deal.  I prepaid for 9 waxes and got 12 out of the deal.  It comes out to $35 a wax!  Great Savings!I have been getting waxed by Lyndsi now for several months and I have to say I just love her!  She has great technique, professional, and is really friendly.  It helps to be comfortable when getting a brazilian done.  I would recommend going to Lyndsi if you are considering coming to the European Wax Center Camelback!
2	Wasn't impressed.  The Brazilian hurt more than a regular Brazilian.  Whatever it is that they use isn't very good for my parts down there...or the tech sucked.  Either way, I won't be going back to this place.  Slow and painful....
1	Tonight my first-ever wax with European Wax Center. I called ahead to schedule an appointment & asked for a bikini wax. The operator explained that I would be asked however much or little I wanted to be removed from my front side. About 10 minutes into my wax, blocked from seeing myself of course, I felt wax being applied EVERYWHERE. After a few strips were pulled, I asked whether this was a "bikini wax" and my waxer explained this was a "full" bikini wax. No questions asked - my hair was GONE. Afterward, I looked at myself completely after I sat up and found whole sections of hair she had failed to remove - not just strays, but clumps of 20-30 hairs. A painful tweeze job when I got home.What a pleasant first experience. No thanks & never again, European Wax Center.
1	I am writing this review after submitting 2 emails to the European Wax center with no response.  I sent one on Sept 29 directly to GuestServices@waxcenter.com and another to the "contact us" section on their website on Oct 13.  I still have received no response.  I am giving 1 Star only because of the lack of customer service.  So now I am posting my exact letters that I sent to their customer service departments because I am extremely upset with their customer service."I wanted to let you know of a bad experience I had yesterday Friday, September 28th at the Camelback location in Arizona.  I had an appointment at 1145 for Brazilian Bikini Wax.   I had purchased the pack of 12 waxes from another location but have used the majority of them at the Camelback location since I work close to there.  For the past year, I have mostly gone to the same wax person, I cant remember her name, I think Lisa, but she was from NJ and just recently left the location because she moved.  She was wonderful.  After each wax, she made sure she wiped the whole area down, tweezed any missed hairs, and applied the ingrown hair solution before I left.  She also gave me a mirror to check and make sure that I was ok with it.Yesterday I was given a new wax person (new to me).   I am not sure of  her name either - but I am sure you can look up my appointment in the computer.  She had brown hair and a full arm of tattoos.   While she was very nice and did make me feel comfortable the wax was not a good wax at all.  I told her that the wax was extremely hot and she said I was actually the 2nd person of the say to mention that and she thought it was weird because the wax was cooler than normal.  She completed the wax and just put on baby powder and sent me on my way.  When I got home, I noticed that my underwear was stuck to me - because there was still wax left.  And not just a few spot - a decent amount.  As I was washing it off - I noticed that there were still hairs all over.  She hadn't plucked any of the hairs that didn't come out with the waxing.  And I was already getting little red bumps as she did not apply the serum and left wax on.  I immediately applied the serum that I purchase from your company and have applied 3 times since yesterday.One issue was at check out.  I asked for a full bikini instead of a Brazilian yesterday.  Normally when I go to the other locations, they credit my account the $7 since I paid for the package of Brazilian and only used a bikini.  Then I am able to use that $7 for other waxing services.  I was told yesterday that this location cannot do that.  I don't understand how certain locations can and certain locations cannot.  I then asked if they can apply the $7 that I did not use right then to a lip wax and I would pay the rest - they said no.Today I have at least 10 big red bumps and no smooth "just waxed" feeling at all.  It feels as if I was there almost a week ago.  I am extremely unhappy with the service that this employee gave me and felt that you should know.  I have 2 Brazillian waxes left on my package and they asked me if I wanted to renew and buy another 12.  I did not do so and seriously have to consider whether or not I am going to."Especially after no response to either letter that I sent in, I am extremely disappointed in this company.  I would most certainly not recommend going to the Camelback location as I feel the staff has declined there.
4	I just wanted to update my review since I last posted.  I received a call from Erica, the area manager.  She seemed genuinely concerned with my review and apologized profusely.  She scheduled another wax for me and promised to make things right.  She also confirmed that she spoke to the front desk regarding the billing issues regarding different services and assured me that things are corrected.So today was my wax, with Leigh, and she was amazing.  She took her time, asked me if the temperature of the wax was comfortable, and took her time.  She asked me to check things over before I left and I was extremely happy.  I will make all of my future appointments with her.  Erica and Leigh both showed extreme customer service and completely made up for my past bad experience.
4	I am a guy. It is immensely difficult to find someone who can do men's eyebrows as they are vastly different (less sculpting, etc) than women's. I called at 6:30pm to ask if they had any openings before they closed and I preferred to be their last appointment. They got me in at 7:45. My first experience with them was pleasant. I waited about 1m for my waxer, Lindsay, who was friendly. She was quick and efficient so I had her do my ears, too. Although she didn't do a perfect job it was still acceptable. Since the brow wax was free I only had to pay the $12 for the ears--tipped her $3, too. I simply need to communicate a little better on my needs for my brows (although I did simply tell her to clean up the parts that were grown back as my last brow wax was 3 weeks ago in Portland.) She left some peach fuzz on the tips of my ears--not a deal-breaker, IMO. :)I will go back again. It was clean and very quick with a lot less plucking than I normally get.
5	I had my first waxing experience (other then eyebrows) here last week. I was nervous as I had never been waxed down south, however the girl I was with was amazing and made it as quick and comfortable as possible. The place itself is very nice and has a spa like feel to it. I booked an appointment for another 3 weeks so ya :)
5	Excellent waxing experience - the best I have had in Phoenix.My waxer was very professional and thorough. I didn't feel like she was cutting any corners and she explained everything she was about to do before doing it. European Wax also offers a lot of little incentives for first timers and returning customers. I got half off mine. You get $5 in your account for every person you refer, $1 for booking your next appointment while there, $5 for filling out the new customer survey, etc.  The products they use and offer in-store are great as well. Overall, very happy.
4	Amy! Amy! Amy! Great experience! The wax is the softest ever! Amy was friendly and fast. This was by far is the best wax I've ever experienced. I will be back!
5	Even though this place might be a bit more pricey than a typical salon, it is worth every extra dollar you pay. I have acne-prone skin, and couldn't get a facial wax without breaking out everywhere the next day (sometimes the same day) until I came to this place.Go see Paige! She's a doll and is super OCD about making sure every single hair is gone, which I love because I'm the same way. She figured out how to do exactly what my face needed in order to not inflame, and three days after my wax, still no break-out. AND NO MORE FACIAL HAIR! (which is gross to have to begin with - I know; thank my culture for that one.) Repeat customer foreverrrrrrr!
5	At 32 years old in May 2013, I finally got waxed for the first time. After reading the mixed reviews of this location, I went to my appointment not knowing what to expect. I had an 8am Saturday appointment and was able to check in at 10 minutes 'till. My wax tech was ready for me at 8am and she did not keep me waiting. The front desk ladies were super polite and well-spoken. They speak better than I do! I got my under arms waxed and a Brazilian. I told the lady when I walked in, "I know you do this for a living but this is really awkward for me." She replied, "Everyone says that." She informed me about the procedure and reminded me of what was happening at every step. I was on the table in only my sports bra, so if you're not comfortable with another woman seeing you naked then don't schedule an appointment. I can handle it now that I'm 32 but at 18 I would have been too shy and potentially traumatized. The under arms weren't that painful but burnt like hell. So, I was nervous about the Brazilian. Well, she put the wax all over everything--which is smart of their center's part. If she hadn't, I may have said, "I've had enough and I'm leaving even without a refund." I have very coarse hair on my brow bones, under arms, and pubic area. I've been told this by eye brow waxers in the past. They have said that my hairs are in really deep. Well, the Brazilian hurt so bad that my adrenaline started pumping: I broke out in a sweat all over my body and got the shakes. At one point, I reached down there and clamped my legs shut. I asked her if it was going to pull my lips. She said, "No it won't. It just feels that way. Everyone asks me that. The wax only adheres to the hair--not the skin."DESPITE THE PAIN, I'm glad I got waxed and I will continue with it in the future. The tech said, "The first time is the worst time" because the hair is so coarse and the follicles have never been stimulated like that before. Since it hurt so bad and since it looks so much better, I'm not going to miss an appointment in the future. When I went to the appointment, I hadn't shaved in several weeks, so the appointment got rid of 90% of my hair. The rest will come off next time. The tech suggested that I get waxed every 3 weeks and use their after-care products. I purchased the exfoliant and the ingrown/bump serum. I did not purchase the wash or lotion, but wish I had. For all the money I saved on my first wax with an Arizona State DL, I could have made those purchases. I have had no pain or problems since I left my appointment. It didn't hurt to bathe, urinate, or sweat. In short, no skin was removed and I had no allergic reaction to any of the products used during the waxing appointment. I do have sensitive skin, so this was a surprise to me!UPDATE: JUNE 2013: I followed-up with my 2nd Brazilian at the European Wax Center in Albuquerque where I have since moved. I'm so glad I gave it another shot. The pain during the 2nd Brazilian is about 75% to 90% LESS than the very first Brazilian wax. It wasn't a big deal compared to the very first Brazilian I got. You hair truly does grow back in different stages (ie, lengths) and the shafts are thinner. The only change I'd make is waiting a full 4 weeks to get a re-wax. Three weeks is too soon and you'll have visible under-the-skin hairs at 3 weeks.
2	Hoping that this will help some ladies.. that "dare to go bare". Won't go into details of course so read between the lines!I feel both of my experiences at this location are not up to par as I feel the job was not done completely. Both times they "missed a spot" or two. Super painful, and it was rather quick, but I just thought that was "normal". Can not even believe I went through that-  twice! Now I know it doesn't have to be so painful! Which inspired this delayed review! Urban Wax- did a much better job with a lot less pain. Read my review there. To be fair, I did not advise this location of my concerns as I'm sure they would have been happy to make it right, however- ain't nobody got time for that! I'll take my business elsewhere from now on.
5	I have been going to EWC for years now. I love this place. I have four different waxing packages with this company; brows, lip, Brazilian, and underarm. I used to go to the one next to Desert Ridge. I had a great waxer there named Christine but unfortunately she parted ways with the company. After she left I decided to try out this location. It is closer to where I live and myself and friends have tried other waxers at the Desert Ridge location and were less then impressed. My first time waxing at the Camelback location I was a bit nervous because of some past experiences I have had at the other location. Judging from past experience at the end of the day I think your waxing experience rises and falls on which waxer you receive. EWC tries to tell you otherwise; that all their waxers are all equally as good due to the extensive training they receive but I have not found this to be the case.  I lucked out at this location and received a great waxer named Kelley. She is very polite and does very thorough work. She is great at shaping brows, does not leave any hair behind and the Brazilians are fairly painless (sometimes it can be very painful depending on the waxer you have and also how long you have been waxing). She also is good at keeping conversation going so you do not feel so uncomfortable during your wax.
4	UPDATE: I was very impressed by the General manager, Erica, and another manager, Angel who took the time to figure out who I was and reached out to me after I wrote  this review. They assured me this was not how the front desk staff are trained, and that they would provide additional trainings on how to handle situations when customers are not satisfied. After the below situations happened, I was concerned that EWC didn't care about its customers after they had already bought packages...now, I am sincerely convinced otherwise. I feel valued by a customer and will continue going back. Thank you, Erica and Angel! (And, for the record, EWC's Brazilians, overall, are the least painful around...which is why I bought the membership there in the first place!) (My original review): I have been going to EWC for a couple of years. I've had some good experiences and some bad ones; however, one thing always is poor and that is the front desk customer service. I once got a waxer that must have been new, because every strip took her several pulls to get off. When I mentioned to the front desk that it was the worst wax I've ever had, the receptionist kind of shrugged and said sorry. That was at another location. Today's experience a the Camelback location put me over the edge and drove me to write a review. I recently purchased a very expensive jar of exfoliating cream, and mentioned to the front desk that after just a few months it turned to water. She blamed it on me and said I needed to close it tighter!!! She went on for several minutes about it and I finally told her I didn't need advice because I wouldn't be buying it again...why would I spend so much on a product that is so easily ruined?!?? They could have easily rectified the situation by replacing the jar.
5	My first time and I must say I was really happy with my eyebrow wax! Her name is Sarah, I recommend you go and see her :-)
5	Seriously, Brandi is amazing! She is fast and gets everything in one shot. I've tried several places and will NEVER go to anyone else. It's already uncomfortable baring all with bright lights all around but she makes it seem like no big deal. Super comfortable and always happy :)
4	Great service, icky parking (but that can't be helped). They got me in on short notice, did a great job, and I was back at work before my lunch hour was over.
4	Desiree is the BEST - I will never use anyone else. She is patient, quick and makes you feel comfortable. Desiree has been my waxer for over a year (I'm not sure why it's taken me so long to review) and even if she goes on vacation I will wait to get my wax until she gets back - t hat's just how awesome she is!Technically, the awesome part of the review is for Desiree Not European Wax Center. The front desk almost always has new people and they are not very friendly and seem unhappy to be there. Either way, I will still go to European Wax Center as long as Des is there!
1	I don't think that I will ever get a bikini wax as long as I live because of my experience at european wax center. I've never felt so uncomfortable and embarrassed. The bedside manner of the esthetician was so cold and careless that I should have pulled my pants up and left. But I decided to go ahead, and even after telling her how I find waxing extremely painful she didn't even give me time to breathe before she was yanking and ripping away. I have never experienced such a painful waxing, I even apologized for jumping. She then informed me to sit still or the wax on my labia would stick together, and "I wouldn't want that would I?" I left the center legs shaking, embarrassed and in pain. When i got home my underwear were dried to my bikini line with blood, there were patches of hair still there and I have some serious bruising. I know that I have sensitive skin, but I feel like this was a bit extreme and definitely not worth it. I feel like I would have had a much better experience had she been more considerate and reassuring.
2	Service is very often rushed, perfunctory, assembly -line and does not make a guest feel relaxed or comfortable. On several visits, the receptionists are curt, routine and give little attention to the guest experience. The services are just fine, with often chatty technicians, but serves is always fused; as if they can't wait to get the next client in and out.
4	I first decided to go to EWC for the location and the fact that they offered the first wax free and since then I've been going to this location for almost 2 years. I don't trust anyone with my eyebrows except Desiree. She is awesome. The waxing process for me is not painful or scary and doesn't seem to make my face red or irritated and the chipotle customers eating their burritos next door don't give me too weird of looks walking out.Btw the parking sucks most of the time since this plaza is always! busy.The only thing I can complain about is the scheduling - it seems like there's been more than three times that I've gotten a call asking of they could reschedule my appointment which is not her fault at all but sucks to make an appt. then they cancel it on you. The last time it happened I made an appt. a month in advance for right before I went on vacation and a few days before they cancelled on me and then told me she wasn't going to be in until days after I come back from vacation -almost a week. Total bummer summer so had to see another esthetician at another location -but for my connivence only. Again not her fault since they told me they were doing training etc. All in all it's painless, not very expensive for what it's worth and if you don't have the time to do it yourself and they seem to have a "promotion" going on for 12 for the price of 9 or some crap like that the front desk girls seem to always peddle this-  finally I gave in and they do have payment plans for you ladies and gents on a budget.
2	I have been going to European Wax Center since I found them back in 2010, so 4 years. I started off at the Ahwatukee location where I always had a top notch experience. This Phoenix location leaves much to be desired and honestly I would rather now drive the 20 miles back to Ahwatukee to visit that location as I can count on their quality of service - Phoenix not so much. Front desk staff, while they are friendly, super pushy about buying products - probably nothing to do with them, I am sure it is corporate who pushes sales but it is almost uncomfortable how each and every time they give me the run down on the sales pitch, both product wise and package wise. Enough with trying to increase sales, corporate - its enough to stain my entire visit!! The waxers here are super inconsistent; the only one I would recommend booking with is Shannon. LOVE Shannon and when I am able to actually call ahead of time, I always ask for her as she does an excellent job and is super quick. Aside from these 2 waxers, all others I have seen have left spots of hair where I have to go home and clean it up myself - what am I paying the $5 increase from last year for a bikini full if the waxer can't even get it right? One waxer made me feel super uncomfortable trying to upgrade me (I think her name was Brandi) to a brazilian and kept making comments about how it is so important to start with the backside and how "clean" it is to strip the whole thing. What, am I dirty for only wanting a bikini full?! Went on for at least the first 5 minutes about how I should be getting a Brazilian. Even if I had thought about it beforehand, was most certainly not going to now! The wax is super quality, honestly the main reason I keep going back in, esp when I can't call ahead and have to see a random waxer. And like I said, Ahwatukee location -which I was a regular for 2 yrs at - always a good experience. Phoenix waxers could def take some pointers from them!!!
5	Ask for Sharon.   She is the one....great service. Excellent personality.  getting a Brazilian is a very personal service.....she is able to keep your attention away from the fact that you are..... you know ladies! ....she puts you at ease.  Plus she is fast!  Eyebrow full Brazilian armpits and nose....done so fast. Impressive.  Ask for her!.
4	Pros: they use a type of beeswax so there is a minimal amount of pain, they are very professional while grooming your ladybits, they offer reasonable packages for the year, they call and remind you the day before your appointments.Cons: once you're in with a waxer for a while and you try another it's kind of hard to switch because they are all friends, the girls at the front desk kind of pressure you to tip and make you feel uncomfortable, there's not really much in that plaza to do if you get there early.Overall I like this place and I go here all the time. They don't do a perfect job though but I think it's the wax they use
5	I have to say my experience at this center was the best. I immediately felt welcome and comfortable.  The girls are very professional. Brandi is so great to talk to and put you at ease. She does a great job. Somehow she makes my brows look amazing.  I highly recommend her and this center. You can't go wrong!!
5	I came here for the first time just a few months ago and absolutely loved it so much that I bought a yearly unlimited package! What I really like about EWC is how clean it is and how awesome the staff is. Every time I go, I request Brandi because of how awesome my eyebrows always look after she's finished with them. I would recommend everyone to go see her!
5	I am new to the waxing routine and now I'm addicted to it.  EWC is comfortable, professional and all around pleasant.  I drive out of my way to be waxed by Brandi at this location.  She is the absolute best.  Professional, puts you at ease and is so freaking fast.  I can't say enough about the product line they carry as well.  Even if I no longer waxed, I would still purchase the body wash, exfoliate and after - soothing-elixir-serum stuff.  They always have sales/specials going on it seems and I really like the payment plans they have for the packages they offer.  Very affordable and I never feel pressured to make a purchase I really don't want to make.  The front desk staff is always pleasant as well.
5	I've been going there for a few years now and I love the experience I have there they are all friendly treat you like family I love my waxer named tonia she is wonderful will talk to you the whole time make you feel comfortable if she goes any where I'm following her ...
4	Brandy is amazing!  She is fun to talk to and always professional.  My Brazillion didn't hurt.... yeah, you read that right!  She's amazing!The front desk girls are always so sweet and helpful.  I don't like how they try to up sell on everything, but I'm sure it's part of their job description.  I can't fault them too much for that.  They really are a good group of workers... be nice to them!!  They do a good jobThe facility is very clean.  I've never once felt like anything was going to jump out and bite me.  You know the wax places I'm talking about... this isn't one of those!
5	This is long over due, I've been coming to European for many years, I have NEVER had a bad or even mediocre experience. Tonia is the BEST, ask for her if you want your service perfected.
2	Unimpressed with this location.  The staff must be timed because the service has felt very rushed all three times I visited this location.  As a guy, I get my nose, ears, brows, and the tops of my feet waxed.  Though the staff are friendly, it doesn't do any good when they are rushing and I have to finish with tweezers at home after just paying them $64 to do it.  I gave three opportunities, I won't be going back.
