1	I love Whataburger. The burgers are far and away the best fast food burgers you can get. Don't even say that In-N-Out is better. I always get my burger the same way, #1 Whataburger with sliced jalapeno, grilled onions, bacon, and cheese... yes its indigestion central. The last 3 times I have been there I got home only to realize my burger was not how I ordered it. The first time, they gave me a whole grilled jalapeno. What the hell am I going to do with this other than get a firebomb in my stomach? and the onions weren't grilled. Who goes to Whataburger and orders a side of a giant jalapeno!? Second visit, there were no jalapenos to speak of whatsoever, not even the giant grilled one. They got the onions, cheese, and bacon right though.Third visit, I straight up got someone elses order. I got a friggin chicken sandwich. I'll make the trek to another store from now on. This one is just craptastic.
2	A friend and I stopped here today for lunch. I for some reason thought it was an odd choice, but he seems to go often and enjoys it. In fact the woman taking the order said to him, no drive through today? It would looks as though he is known in the whataburger world. The people working here are very friendly if not a little disconnected. I ordered a whataburger with cheese and onion rings and a small drink. I opted for the Hi-C. I do not like sloppy food and this burger would not have been if the bun had held up. But as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place. The meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour. The onion rings were very generic and sort of soggy. I loved the Hi-C. You know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly.
3	Ok, the others are being way too hard on this place.  I had never had a Whataburger before, and I thought it was a great value.  The burger was very edible, and topped with fresh, ecoli free toppings.The place was not in the finest neighborhood, but was clean and well kept.  The staff was friendly as well.  I am fatter for the experience.
2	Slllllllllllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooowwwwwww.Service is generally friendly, but is it worth the wasted gas idling in the drive thru and the potential that they will mess your order up 25 percent of the time?
3	My trek to Whataburger was an artistic quest. I'd never heard of Whataburger before so I thought David Foster Wallace was making it up when he refers to the "Whataburger Southwest Junior Invitational" in Infinite Jest (the tennis tournament is made up). When I found out it was a real place, I had to come here. It wasn't bad and kudos to the woman taking my order. She upsold me to a meal - "are you sure you don't want a meal, honey?" Her voice indicated that she was genuinely concerned about my general hunger situation which, admittedly, was extremely high at that very moment. Then there was the wait outside the take-out window, probably 10 - 15 minutes in total. I  figured they must be assembling one king-hell burger in there. But more likely, it took that much time to fill the giant Whataburger cup with Fanta Orange soda. I let out an audible gasp when I saw it - holy crap it was big. Like I could have gone hiking in the desert for miles with nothing but that giant cup of soda to sustain me. The burger was pretty big. Bigger than anything you'll find at any other fast food joint and don't forget the wait, I think the wait is key. Because that wait is what sets this place apart from say, a Mickey D's or an In-n-Out (which, incidentally, Whataburger is way better. Like the first time I ate an In-n-Out burger that's exactly what it did). So sitting outside waiting behind the big white SUV with the smokey exhaust you're inhaling for the ten minutes it takes for them to make their burger, plus the ten or so minutes it takes for them to cook your own and  assemble your meal, fill the giant styrofoam Whataburger cup with Fanta Orange soda, and deep fry your peach pie (very tasty) lets you reflect on the state of your life in relationship to your expectation of wanting a fast food restaurant to act as an instant gratification machine, when, in fact, by going to those other places, you are perhaps missing out on all this personal attention to your burger, meal, soda, dessert assembly (and don't forget that caring moms-like voice so concerned for your hunger situation), in the space of which time you are allowed to reach out to loved ones via your cellphone or text-messaging system (I was able to call my husband twice and read a magazine article about hiking in Tempe), and think about what you want to do next w/r/t your art and just what the fuck are you doing with your life anyway that you think waiting outside the Whataburger for ten minutes is keeping you from actualizing some potential self that may be far better served by simply having to wait a moment for your food?
3	Very friendly staff. Always clean.My only complaint is that it seems to be Hobo-Town in this neighborhood. You almost have to run to your car.
4	Every time I go to Whataburger, I get chicken strips. It is the only place I can think of that gives you a piece of toast with your meal.
4	I love to eat here. Breakfast lunch dinner or late night. My favorite is the dbl Whataburger with cheese, grilled onions, the works with the Onion Rings and a root-beer.  I like the breakfast also and the chicken strips.  Fries are good here also.  Order is always right!It cost a litle more to eat here but I think it is so worth it.  Generally spend $9 to $11 per adult.
5	This Whataburger is my favorite!  The employees are friendly and I feel like a person, not a number when I drive through.   The burgers are tasty with the perfect amount of mustard, the large soda comes in a styrofoam cup and stays cold for hours and the fries are not too salty.  You cant ask much more from all American fast food!  Oh yeah and they have biscuits and Gravy for Breakfast.
5	I grew up in Texas, we had a delightfully experience eating the Whataburger and their onion rings.  Living in Vegas, there isn't anything here like it.  So when I get a chance to get one of the burgers, I go for it.  Today, even though it's morning, I want a burger and that's what I get.  They grill the bun and it makes the burger.  I avoid mustard, not on my burger!  I love mayo and ketchup, with old fashion lettuce, tomato and pickle!  The onion rings have changed a little, but I still like that batter and the freshness of the onions. This was a good burger and definitely brought me back home!
3	Whipped in here today for a first visit to this Whataburger & second visit to ANY Whataburger, ever.  (They're not in California, where I'm from.)I ordered the Green Chili Double Cheeseburger Combo that is currently being advertised on TV, upgrading from a soda to a chocolate malt.  Here's how it went...THE GOOD:*  Nice dining room with comfortable booths.*  Awesome service from the friendly and attentive staff!*  They have MALTS!  Yeah malts!     :-))*  The fries were ok.= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =THE NOT-SO-GOOD:*  It was COLD in the dining room!*  The heralded Green Chili Double Cheeseburger was a disappointment.  The diced chilis were so mild as to be nearly tasteless, and the burger patties were blah too.  This burger was nowhere as good as a similarly priced one at either Smashburger or Five Guys, for example,or a Double Double at In-N-Out for much less.     :-O*  The malt was ok, but not as good as the ones at Smashburger.All in all?  3 Stars, barely.     :-|Green Chili Double, Medium Fries, Small Chocolate Malt:  $8.14 + tax.
4	Whataburgers are rapidly disappearing around here which I think is too bad as I like their food.  And they have used the fast casual approach in their dining room decades before the label.  They have always been good at preparing it with your choice of toppings and you can get a side of gravy for your fries.This particular morning I was driving a bit of a different route and wanted a breakfast sandwich of some sort for a snack.  I spotted this store and got a breakfast biscuit with sausage, egg and cheese.  It came out quickly and it was indeed a good snack.  Of particular note was the biscuit itself was not old or crunchy.This one I rounded up from 3.5 just because.
1	If I could, I would not even give the food 1 star. My wife and I both got sick from the food! We both had the runs after eating a green chili double burger and a fish sandwich. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
3	I honestly used to love to eat here. Their breakfast items were good and at a reasonable price. But over the last 3 years, they have jacked their menu prices time, and time again. Now, it's getting to the point that they are pricing some people out of their restaurants. One example, 3 years ago, a simple biscuit and 4 oz gravy was $1.29-$1.39. As of this morning, that has increased to $2.04. That is a price increase of 70%. I know that costs have fluctuated up and down, but not by 70%. I feel that they are out of reality with their pricing. Too bad, because my office used to make food runs to the location @ 7th St / McDowell at least 2X a week. Not any more. My hopes is that they will reconsider some of their pricing policies. Would it not make more sense to make less profit per item, but possible increase the number of customers? I miss my biscuit and gravy. But If i'm going to spend $2 on it, I will go to Denny's and get it to go (I get an egg with it there..)
4	In a gritty section of Phoenix sits this stately Whataburger.Ironically, I have a passion for their chicken sandwich which his always just right and their large fries in the stand up boxes is cool.For fast food, this is pretty damn good.
3	Open 24/7, thank goodness!When I start work before 6 am at the hospital next door, I stop by and grab a coffee. Sometimes, for those extra long days, I get a warm biscuit with honey, just to give me an added little pep, lol.  Don't judge me ;)I did try their Taquito with Sausage & Cheese. It was actually good. I asked for both the red and green salsa so I could taste test and see which I liked best. The red salsa won by a landslide.The service at this location is always top notch. Friendly and professional.
3	24/7 hours = goodHowever, they rarely get my order right and by the time I get home I don't feel like driving back after a long day the office or school, even though it IS the closest location to my house. They always re-read my order to me to verify it's accuracy but then they put it on the burger anyways (Mustard when I ask for NO mustard, once they added random mayo to my burger, and once they left out my pickles) Now what's a burger with no pickles.The shakes are always very runny compared to the location on 3rd Ave and Indian School. That location is the one I go to now because this location can never seem to get it right, even after a number of second, third and fourth chances.I love me some Whataburger but will no longer be visiting THIS location.
1	After one bit of my grilled chicken sandwich, I instantly regretted going here. The lettuce was slimy, the mayo tasted rancid and the chicken was not hot. I threw out he sandwich. It was disgusting.
4	I get double meat, double cheese, plain and dry medium meal. Everyone there is pretty friendly. Food is my favorite for fast food!! My burger is SOOOOOOO good. The fries are hit and miss. Sometimes they are hot and fresh and amazing. Sometimes they are cold and soggy.
5	I don't know what everyone else on here is talking about; this Whataburger is super fast!  The entire drive thru process took a grand total of four minutes.  Great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown.
2	Amongst the worst fast food burgers.  A step up from Sonic, McDonalds, and Jack in the Box, but not nearly as good as the others.  "Not nearly as good as Burger King" ain't the biggest selling point.What in the world is that crap you call a bun?  Easily the worst bun on Earth.  I've had better bread in Africa, no joke.  A step BELOW wonderbread.  Heck, a step below stale wonderbread.  Awful.  You know those burger buns you get in an 8 pack in the grocery store that are all stuck together?  The things you buy because you feel lazy or are strapped for cash?  Those are ok.  Whataburger isn't.  It's far, far, far worse than that.  Look at these pictures.  The bun is like play-doh or a circus peanut.  Gross.  Did you read the part where I said it's worse than food in Africa?  Because it's worse than food in Africa.I've been here over 10 times because it's open late and I worked third shift for a couple years.  Well, I don't anymore and I tried this place for lunch at noon.  Still awful.  How the heck could anybody like this place?!2 stars because it isn't McDonalds, although McDonalds has better buns.  But I'd still literally rather get punched than eat a burger with a McDonalds bun.Whataburger: Worse Than A Punchedit to add:  Also if you go to the drivethrough, expect to wait 20 minutes if there is nobody in front of you.  If there is, play a few hands of solitaire on your dashboard.  Slow as hell.
