5	Doggie District is so friendly & they love my dog!! Weado loves them too!! They even took pictures of him!! He loves it there!!
5	My dog loves the doggie district, he gets super excited when we pull up to the entrance, can't wait to get out of the car. Whe I open the door he is real excited to see staff he wants to run to them. Staff is great! Jordan is super sweet and friendly. Alex is awesome, made delicious cookies for pet parents. Took advantage of their 12/12/12 12 dollar daycare special, made reservation with Kristy very very nice on the phone, gave me a report on what my dog did at daycare this past Saturday.
5	I recently adopted Labrador retriever and needed some place to kennel him when I flew back East.  I found Doggie District through a Groupon offer for discounted kenneling services.  I took my dog in for their orientation and will be a loyal customer from this point on.First, my dog LOVES to be there.  When we pull into the parking lot in the morning for day care, his tail is wagging so hard it's thudding against the back seat of the car.  When he goes in, he runs right up to the staff and licks their faces and hands.  They know him by name (after the first day they knew who he was!) and are happy to see him.When I pick him up at the end of the day, my guy is wiped out!  He snoozes in the car on the way home and goes right to bed with no problem and sleeps through the night.  It's also making his training a lot easier, as he has the opportunity to burn off all that puppy energy during the day.I love this place, love the staff and can't say enough nice things about them.  They treat my puppy just like he was theirs.
5	My husband and I were going out of town for a week and needed a place to drop the "kids" off for care while we were gone. Called around and Doggie District gave the best prices and they did a military discount. They said that a three day daycare orientation was necessary so they could make sure that the girls would do good in a new environment. The first day was the hardest. I have never been away from the dogs for no reason. House was so quiet without them! But they came home happy and exhausted from all the play! Our three days went off without a hitch. Each day I left them a little longer so they could get used to the different activities. Each day they came home more tired than the last!When it came time to drop the kiddos off before our trip, I was a wreck. The girls kept reassuring me that they will be fine and that with all the playing they would be doing, they wouldn't even notice that I was gone! I literally called every day, even before we left Vegas! They gave me a little progress report every day and the girls were doing great! Lucy and Stella had even made a few friends (and boyfriends!). They really dealt with our babies little quirks, like when everyone went outside to play after "nap time" and Stella decided that she wanted to just stay in her "room" and veg. When we got home, the girls were ecstatic to see us (obviously!) and while my neighbor, who picked them up before closing, forgot their big blankie, the ladies emailed me to let me know that it was there and that I could pick it up the next day. Went to pick it up and they had washed and dried it for us! They really go the extra mile and we will definitely be bringing the girls (and their new baby brother) back to doggie district centennial!
5	I love taking my dog to doggy daycare. They take such great of the dogs there and they keep up with all the cleaning, it never smells like there are dogs in there. Every time I come, my dog is treated by his name and they are so happy to see him. I always had a hard time letting him go to places like this because I feel like no one will care for him like I will, however I do not worry with Doggy Daycare. Then dogs are always out of the cage, except for feeding times and they get outdoor play too, if I was a dog I would love it.
2	My husband and I were new to Las Vegas and needed to go out of town for a week. We called a few different places trying to find somewhere to leave our dog. This place was the closest and seemed okay, but they must not be looking for new business because I called and left a couple of messages and they couldn't be bothered to call me back.
5	This place is fantastic! Everyone that works there is friendly, and my puppy's tail wags like crazy the minute we walk in the door. I've used them for day camp, and also for overnight boarding, and couldn't be happier with the level of care she's received. They even sent me a coupon for a free day when she hadn't been there for awhile, just to keep them fresh in her memory! I always know that she plays hard when she's there, because she crashes when she gets home. It's nice to have a place that I can really trust to take care of my puppy as if she were one of their family.
5	My Ridgeback has been going to DoggieDistrict North and Centennial since 2008 for both boarding and daycare.  I've always experienced top notch service and my dog can't wait to go back.  Now I just need them to open a location closer to my house.  I feel bad as I read some of these poor reviews and try to imagine under what circumstances the bad experiences took place.  The only thing I can relate to is as DD expanded (and boy did they expand), they must have had a hard time staffing the talent needed to care for all the dogs and deal with us demanding pet owners.  Eventually they always do, otherwise you would not find the amount of loyal and regular customers they have. Some minor injuries and scrapes will always happen. The dogs are playing their hearts out all day long and that's exactly what I'm paying my money for: an exhausted pup at the end of the day.  I often find my dog playing well with others at the dog parks and on hikes only to find out after talking to the owners that they've been playing together at DD for years.  Keep up the good work!
5	I  love Doggie District!!! The staff is friendly and the facility is always clean. When my little Tito can't be at home, I feel good knowing he's at Doggie District :)
5	Whenever I bring Jake in to Doggie District, he is so excited.  He loves to play all day and get rid of some of that puppy energy that he has.  When I bring him home at night, he is exhausted, to the point that he even falls asleep on the short drive home.  :)I have boarded Jake here overnight as well, and the staff is very caring and attentive to his needs.  I never feel apprehensive about leaving him for any amount of time, whether for daycare or boarding.
5	Just moved to Las Vegas from Chicago with my golden retriever Paisley! Before I even moved out here I was in contact with this place because of its great reviews! I'm so glad I found Doggy District in Centennial Hills! The staff is so friendly and seem to genuinely care about your dog...and you! My dog gets so excited every morning when I put his leash on because he knows he is going to doggy daycare! They also have great packages to purchase which can save you money in the long run if you are a frequent daycare visitor! Definitely recommend :) So thankful for the wonderful staff and Doggy District!
5	Doggie District Centennial is amazing! The front staff is so friendly and helpful. All the employees at this location are outstanding with my little girl. Zoey has been coming here for about a year now, 3-4 times a week and she absolutely loves it. The mornings she knows she is going she is wagging her tail and ready to go from the moment I make her lunch. She loves staying the night there, which we do maybe once a month if we know we aren't going to be home that night, I feel so comfortable leaving her at Doggie District, she literally is like my child and everyone there treats her that way! This is such a great place and I recommend anyone to take their pets here!!
5	Doggie District Centennial is amazing! The front staff is so friendly and helpful. All the employees at this location are outstanding with my little girl. Zoey has been coming here for about a year now, 3-4 times a week and she absolutely loves it. The mornings she knows she is going she is wagging her tail and ready to go from the moment I make her lunch. She loves staying the night there, which we do maybe once a month if we know we aren't going to be home that night, I feel so comfortable leaving her at Doggie District, she literally is like my child and everyone there treats her that way! This is such a great place and I recommend anyone to take their pets here!!
5	Doggy District is the best! They are very clean and professional! My dog never wants to leave when I go to pick him up! I highly recommend to anyone looking for a great Doggie Daycare!
3	This place is awesome! We take our Aussie puppy there at 2 times a week and every time we go out of town. He absolutely loves it! He is a water dog and loves the pool and hose play time. All the people who work there are amazing and truly enjoy what they do and love playing with the dogs. Bring your dog in, they will love it and you will too when they sleep all night.
5	My lab just recently finished the Lodge and Learn program with Jordan and Katie last week.  I want to say that it was worth every last penny I spent.  At 70lbs and just over a year old, my dog was acting like the typical youngest furchild - sat when he wanted, lay down when he wanted, ate before the food even hit the floor, and nearly pulled my arm out of its socket when we would go for a walk.After 10 days of training, if I tell him to sit, he sits down and stays until I allow him to get up.  I can put his favorite treats on the floor in front of him and he will not touch them until I say it's okay.  When we go on a walk, he stays in the "heel" position unless he has to go to the bathroom.  I have a totally different dog!What makes me happy is that I can trust him now more than I could before.  The staff was great about him being away - I got updates on him nearly daily.  I no longer have to worry about him jumping up on people, I can have guests without him barking non-stop, and I can take him around other dogs and he will stop what he is doing and listen to me first instead of just doing what he wants to do.  And his personality wasn't broken - he's still the same, lovable, tail-wagging goof he was before training, but now he knows his boundaries.
1	This review is a statement of facts.  Our two toy poodles were dropped off by us on dec. 23 and stayed at the doggie district til dec. 26th.  They came back traumatized, vomiting and having diarrhea from the time they came home until today, dec. 30th.  The staff would not let us see the facility and was not over friendly, but told us they would take good care of the dogs.  We will never take our dogs to doggie district ever again, not even to play.  I don't know how the other locations are, but this one is no good.  Erika L.
5	Doggie District on Centennial is a home-away-from-home for our 2 dogs.  If it wasn't for their weekly trip, we would all have gone crazy years ago.  The staff is not only excellent, but they care our about our dogs as much as we do.  We have so many fun pictures from their time there......this place is the best.
3	Let me start off by saying that if you'd asked me a year ago to rate this place, I'd have given it 5 stars for sure. I'm writing this review in hopes that maybe the owners/management will see it and take some of these suggestions to make this place what it once was. My dog has been going to this day care since they opened a few years ago. She LOVES this place and that is why I continue to take her. Over the last year however, the quality and value of service has declined. I'm not sure if the business is in trouble, or if the owners are just getting greedy or what, but the price has recently went up from $21 to $24.95 (when they first opened, it was only $20). I know it doesn't sound like a lot, but if your dog is going more than once a week, $5 here and there adds up fast. Also, a lot of the little "extras" that made this place great have completely disappeared so you are getting less for your money. For example, I used to always get emailed pictures of my dog during her stays- both when she stayed overnight and when she'd go in for daycare- maybe not every day, but quite frequently. I loved getting these little photos and updates on her day. Now, if you want pictures you have to pay extra. For the last few years they've done a free overnight stay on Halloween (you only had to pay for daycamp) which included a free Halloween themed photo- this year, nada. Also, every year for my dog's birthday we'd get an email with a certificate for a free day of daycamp to be used during the birthday month- again, this year, nada. While I realize that these things were all "extras", it's what set Doggie District apart from other daycamps in the area. These are things that regular customers began to expect and look forward to, and then not only were they taken away, but to add insult to injury they raised the price to boot! Also, over the last year there have been major staff changes. It seems like every time I go in there it is someone new. There used to be a girl that worked at the front (I think Jordan was her name) and she was awesome. She knew my dog's name, updated me on her day when I'd pick up, and she could answer pretty much any question you had. The people there now always seem lost and confused. They don't recognize me when I come in and if you ask them a question, 9 times out of 10 they don't know the answer. It often takes a while to pay because the people at the desk don't know how to use the register or credit card machine. They never tell me about my dog's stay. That's one thing I like about PetsMart day camp is that you get a written "report card" that tells you what your dog did, who she played with, how well she ate, slept, etc. Also, the new staff rarely updates their Facebook page or responds to questions or comments on there. It used to be updated almost daily with photos of the dogs in camp that day. Lastly, I gotta say that I wish this place would start requiring that in addition to vaccination records that owners would have to submit proof of a negative fecal exam for their dogs at least once every six months. 3 times now my dog has gotten stomach bugs from this place. I am 99.9% certain they have come directly from here as she is very shy and timid (except at camp) and does not like to go anywhere (including for walks). So other than my house, the only place my dog travels is to Doggie District. She's picked up giardia once and coccidia twice. I really want to continue to love this place. My dog is happy to go there and seems well taken care of, but I feel like the price is going up and the value is going down lately. I wish they would get some staff that knows what's going on and they need to bring back some of those little extras for long time customers who have come to expect it. There is no longer anything that sets this daycamp apart from all the rest.
4	We have been taking our dog there for over 2 years and things have been good. The staff changes quite frequently which is unfortunate when there is someone who does a great job with the dogs. Prices have been raised recently for the same service. We have been to other dog day cares and they offer up feedback after the day, not here. When I ask how his day was, I get a standard answer went good. Guess no news is good news. Necessity for active dogs.
4	Always had great service in location, clean facilities,  their phone skills are unusually top notch for a small company.... and most importantly my boxer dog is well cared for and tired when she gets home!! I have used them for vacations for boarding and I have full trust with them.  Only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is they have is they have had significant price increases the past year and are about at the point I may explore other options.
