5	Great place for boots!!!
5	Great selection friendly staff.
5	Been going to Saba's for years. Ran across a Boot Barn on a camping trip in Colorado and was super impressed with them. When we got home I looked for one here and was surprised to find one within 40 miles of my house. Headed out for the first time today and found their prices to be WELL below the prices at Saba's. I purchased an MHT hat for $39.99 here that sells for $79.99 (no, sadly, I am not kidding) at Saba's. This price was not a sale, it was the same price at the Boot Barn in Durango, they just did not have my size. The man working the counter was quite friendly and knowledgeable. Sadly, for Saba's, this Boot Barn location has earned my future business.
3	The guy who works weekdays is great. The weekend staff wasn't nearly as helpful. Lolly was straight up RUDE, and appeared to be the manager. Another 'guest' heard some employees talking about how 'not busy' they were but nobody ever offered to even help him. When we were checking out, there was one guy attempting to deal with the line, but he wasn't fully trained and the line was 5 deep. I work for a company that requires steel-toed boots and BB was talking with my husband (a manager) about getting our business. Lolly definitely left a bad taste in my mouth - and all over a $5 coupon on my phone.
5	When looking for a specific brand and style of boots I went to the Glendale location and got no help, but the Mesa location had FABULOUS staff. They looked up several styles of the boots to see if they could order them from a different location. Their service will make me definitely come back and make the drive to that location every time.
5	Always friendly to this city-slicker redneck. Not sure what else I could ask for.
4	They have a great selection of western wear. The sales person was very helpful. The boots are name brands I'm familiar with so I can tell you the prices are reasonable. If you are into western wear, this place is worth a look.
1	These people are very expensive.  Bought a couple pairs of wrangler pants Spent 70 dollars for 2 pairs;  now this is my fault cause I didn't do any research!!!  Which means business owners will always take advantage of people with their high prices.  When they can.  Go to Wal- Mart Found the same pair of pants for 16.00 dollars.  That's right NO SALE, NO COUPON.  So you know Wal- Mart is making a profit.  Wow really!!!!  So Saba is making a killing on us.  I bet 200 dollars that Mr.  Saba probably doesn't pay for full triple retail.  If so can I sale you a car?????  Rip off artist....
1	They have shitty customer service to the MAX. Manager and all. Customer service is IMPORTANT and they DONT have it. No wonder they go through staff like shitter paper. I USED to be a loyal customer, but not after being told I am rude, when Its clearly your staff! Ill be going to Scottsdale from now on!
