5	How does one measure a little donut shop? As far as I'm concerned, one measures it by the friendliness of the staff, and the availability of fresh, delicious donuts.The family that opened this donut shop is amazingly friendly. I've been in there at traditional times (Saturday or Sunday morning) but also odd times like Friday night. They always have an incredible array of fresh donuts that are way better than the competition, in my view. Krispy Kreme can go home.
3	Ok I love donuts and Krispy kreme are my fav. However Bosa comes in a very close second. The downside is that there is a limited selection after about 7pm.
3	this place is great because it is open 24 hours. The last time I bought at night, they only hv 2 type of donut and very very very sweet! Uhm..I missed their donut with soft, warm, and not too sweet donut! It was cold, double sugar glazed! One thing that I like though, they have a Thai tea!!!! Awsome!
1	I have been to Bosa around 5 times and each time they have a VERY limited selection of donuts for a shop that claims to be the "best" in town. They do not have maple, sugar, boston cream, etc. Do NOT waste your time going to this shop they carry NOTHING!!!!
5	so good!!! I love it really fresh great donuts and coffee. Of course there is not much choice only rico donuts which isn't that great in Casa Grande.I wish they had the chocolate icing donuts with mini chocolate chips on top but those are hard to come by I guess :)
5	As a doughnut shop that has both a plethora of doughnut options and of other menu items, Bosa is awesome-combine that with being open 24/7, and you have an amazing establishment!EDIT: No longer open 24/7 (the one in Chandler still is), so that's a shame. Still great though!
4	I am a huge fan of regular glazed donuts. Especially Krispy Kreme! This place is very close to that taste. The staff was super nice and I even didn't the total in change and the girl behind the counter still gave me my coffee and donuts.  This place isn't quite on the level of Lamars donuts if anyone is familiar with them but they more specialize in big speciality donuts. The only thing that doesnt give this place five stars is that it was messy from the breakfast rush and hadn't been cleaned by 11am.
5	Amazing breakfast croissant. Great prices on donuts. Try the Orange cream sickle shake-its to die for!!!
3	Walking into this place, I wasn't expecting much. The people that work there give us dirty looks and act like they wish we'd never come in. All of the signage and posters look like they were printed off of someone's home printer and microsoft word. Nothing looks professionally done and it gives the whole place a "low budget" vibe. However, the donuts really are amazing. Definitely the best in town without question. Too bad you have to deal with the creepy staff and "diy" feel of the place.BTW Stay far away from the fruity drinks, they are disgusting.
5	Came to visit family and was looking for a coffee shop that was not Starbucks. Thanks to my trust yelp app I found this place. The service was fast and friendly. It was 500 degrees outside I got a iced hazelnut coffee and the Mr got a blended coffee. They were both really good. We tried their ham and cheese croissant which was tasty as well as their apple fritters. Overall a great mom n pop in a city littered with chain restaurants.
5	Best donuts and apple fritters!! The prices are really good and the pastries are larger than normal size. They have great coffee, smoothies and blended drinks. They also have a large cooler with other beverages. The staff has always been friendly. This is my favorite place for pastries and coffee.
4	This place used to be another cafe that was fairly pricey before Bosa took over the space. If you're looking for a good smoothie or thai tea, this is one of the only places in Casa Grande where you will get your $ worth. For you BOBA lovers out there, make sure you ask for the small boba, the tapioca seems to form and soften better when they use the small opposed to the larger ones. Their doughnuts are good, I would definitely recommend their maple bars. Good place to take children because they have something that everybody would like. Different iced coffees, blended coffees, hot chocolate, smoothies, and even snow cones for the kids. Make sure you order their Honeydew or Coconut smoothie. Best you will get in Casa Grande.
4	Went in a few weeks ago around 1pm and absolutely nobody there. The donut holes seemed a bit old but I suppose for good reason. Good customer service, I like the other locations better
5	I went through the drive through since no one was in line. I got a combo number 1 which was two donuts and a medium coffee. I tried the glazed donut and a maple bar. I didn't really know what to expect since it was my first time. The combo came out to 3.03. WOW!!!!!!!!!!!! That maple bar was soooooo delicious!!!! It was soft and fresh and on every bite I literally moaned "mmmmmm" on EVERY bite. The glazed donut was good too. Wayyy fresher than dunkin and softer. I still like the a fresh Krispy Kreme original better though in my opinion. But wow! Those donuts were huge too! I love it!I also got a medium coffee and they gotta have a warning on how strong their coffee is!  But it's what I like! They also put in the sugar and creamer for you for those on the go. So pretty much an awesome place.
5	Love the blended boba drinks! My favorite is the hazelnut w/boba. We use to live in CG so we would come here at least 3times a week. Good friendly people too! If you haven't tried this place you should;)
5	Always SOOO fresh!!! Consistently Great. Consistently the best I have had. And lots of varieties. Coffee is very good. Fresh ground. Ladies behind counter are always friendly too
5	Best donuts ever!! Crispy creams has nothing on Bosa. Glaze for days. It's also cheaper then CCD.
4	This is a perfect place to take your coffee break. I really like it in here because the staff is really nice to me and they also have coffee.
4	Bosa Donuts is very good. We frequent the location on Williams Field Road, but they are all equally delicious! If your in the area, treat yourself. You won't regret it.
