5	This is a great new Dentist located in the Safeway shopping center at Happy Valley Road & 39th Avenue.  The staff is helpful and Dr. Cooper is super nice and has like forty years of experience.   I'll be back for my next check-up...
2	Watch out for this office if your pocket is not deep enough..! I would recommend that you get a second opinion before let them sucks out your hard earn $.
5	Dr. Tim Cooper is the most outstanding dentist I have ever been to.  He took the time to fully explain the conditions in my mouth and gave me several options for treatment.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  This is a new office that is very clean and well organized.  Dr Cooper has over 25 years experience in dentistry.  If I could give this office 6 stars I would!!
5	I am so impressed with Dr. Cooper and his staff.  After my first visit, I felt completely educated about my dental health.  After getting some sealants done yesterday, I received a personal call from Dr. Cooper himself checking in on me to make sure everything went well! Wow, that was unexpected and impressive. He is very kind and personable - I am so happy to have found this office so close to home.  I highly recommend this office.
5	Very nice, clean, comfortable office. All brand new with very modern equipment. Dr. Cooper seems very knowledgeable and does seem to genuinely care about his patients. The hygienist was very gentle-probably the most gentle I have had. Very organized office too-they contacted my insurance company to provide me an accurate estimate of proposed work so no surprises when checking out.Would definitely recommend this facility for someone seeking a dentist.
5	Dr. Cooper and his team are the best family dentist office I have ever been to.  This coming from a person that has spent a good amount of time in the dentist chair, due to braces.  Our entire family goes there now and everyone is very happy with the care they receive.They have always worked up a quote after checking with my insurance, so I know exactly what the services will cost.  Which is good for a family on a tight budget.  They have taken into account the costs for us, especially knowing that there are months where four of us may be there in that one month.My favorite thing Dr. Cooper does, that most dentists don't do much, is that he tells you exactly what he is doing while he does it.  In many cases they have a small camera and show you on the monitor where they need to work, why and then the after shots of what they have done.
5	I hate going to the dentist, I would put off going until I had a painful cavity that would need to get repaired. That all changed once I gave these guys a try! My wife came here after a bad experience at another dental office. After her appointment she came home very happy and couldn't stop talking about how nice this Doctor Cooper was. I cracked a piece of a tooth off due to a bad filling from a previous dentist so I had my wife book me an appointment with Doctor Cooper. I went in and was super impressed with everything. Doctor Cooper is very smart and super friendly. That guy could probably make a good living teaching customer service seminars to businesses on how customers need to be treated and talked to. He used lots of pictures to show everything that was going on in my mouth and explained all my options I had with their pros and cons, Unlike a lot of dentists that just go in and do whatever they want and then send you home with a bill. He also would personally  give me follow up calls either that evening or the next day to see how everything is going. His staff is super friendly, well trained, and I have come to know all of them by name and they know me. They all greet me when I come in or walk by, even if they aren't actually going to be working on me they still stop by the room and say Hi. The only insights I have that can even be remotely negative:1.) Price is a little on the high side even with insurance, my pockets were hurting a little. BUTTTTT I do not believe you will find better service or technology anywhere near to what Doctor Cooper has in place. I don't mind paying a little extra for everything he provides.2.) Mary the lady who takes care of your bill at the end of the service can be grumpy sometimes. But I really don't blame her, If I had to deal with insurance companies all day and fight with claims agents, I would be very grumpy too.  Just smile and be polite and she will warm up to you real quick!
1	My experience wasn't very good.  I'd rather wear wooden teeth than go back.  I'm still walking around with a crown out of adjustment.  The staff was fine and professional but the dentist... I thought was very expensive for the quality of work.  Get a second opinion, shop around is my advice.
5	Clean Teeth are happy teeth
5	Dr Cooper, Jody, Selena and his dental hygienists are awesome. Me, my husband and my daughter all have had work done by his office. Dr. Coopers office is state of the Art. I loved not having to bight down on multiple pieces in my mouth to take X-rays. They do quality work you need, not work they are trying to sell you. Dr Cooper and his staff are honest people. His staff is great at getting back to you right away and providing information. A++ Dental Office.
5	They are great!  I went in for TMJ and head pain and they were able to diagnose the issue and fixed the issue while a doctor had to refer me to my dentist to get treatment.
