4	I love our timeshare where we have been calling home for the past week. The staff is super friendly, the gym although small has recently been renovated/upgraded, and everything is within a 15 minute drive which is nice. Our studio has the basics (which is perfect since we are minimalists) and a nice patio to relax and enjoy the sunrise. There are 2 jacuzzis (one is for adults only) and the pool is decently sized and has a nice waterfall overhang.  CVS/Pharmacy, coffee, groceries and places to get things you forgot/ need for your stay is located along the way to this place. You can walk to the Fairmont (ten minutes or less) to meet up for drinks or friends. My only gripeis the wall are thin... either that or the two older women have naturally loud voices... I guess it is perk because they are our alarm clocks... and I am sure since we go to bed 2 hours later than them they hear us blaring the Olympics.
2	Nah....not quite on par with other interval international properties as far as the room and amenities but if you just need a place to crash with a kitchen, this will do nicely.   Beds are visibly sunken in and in need of replacement so sleep was rough.  During off peak, you can get 7 nights for $229 .  Can't beat that.
5	Really nice place.My sister-in-law comes here for her timeshare and she let us use it for our trip to Phoenix this last Summer.  Our suite was quite big--essentially a one bedroom apartment.  There was a big bathroom there, sauna, swimming pool and hot tub outside, barbecues, wireless internet and a comfy bed.  It's a little far away from Phoenix proper, but being close to the freeway is a plus.If you got the bucks to pay for this, then by all means splurge.  I thought it was a great spot to stay at.
3	Rooms are really nice. Like nice size apartments. WiFi is not free.
2	This does not deserve to be called a resort. Went there on for our timeshare. The renovated rooms were ok. You couldn't order movies on your tv, like typical hotels. The pool was mediocre, they had a waterfall in the middle of the pool, but in the photos it looked bigger - very deceiving. There was supposed to be an adult pool and a kids pool, I don't think the adult only rule was enforced or I never found the right pool. After we checked in we were stuck at guest services, this lady tried to sell about 5 different vacation specials and packages. I don't care if this is normal, the last thing I want to do after I check in for my vacation is to listen to someone try to sell me things that I don't want and no matter how many times I say NO she keeps pestering me. The gym was fair, no one was ever really in it and they had a game room. The wifi was not free, it was $30 for ONE person to use the wifi. I went with a party of three!! You've got to be kidding me, there was no way I was paying $90 for all three of us to use the internet. They need to get with the program and provide free wifi like other normal hotels. The kitchen was stocked with tupperware and plates and silverware and there was a dishwasher which was nice. Overall I don't think I'll be going back...
5	First trip out to AZ! Got a groupon deal for 3 nights! Really nice place in Scottsdale, didn't know it was a timeshare at first! Staff super nice, concierge really helpful! I had a really fun time exploring scottsdale and phoenix! Would love to stay here again! We stayed in the one bedroom suite complete with a kitchen! Pool was undergoing renovations but we went to wet n wild anyway!
5	Stayed here in July for the second time. Each stay was for a full week. This time we reserved a two bedroom through our vacation club. Check-in was a breeze. The sales desk tried the hard sell, but I was ready for them this time. The unit was in the back corner on the second floor. Nice and clean and very quiet! The full kitchen was amply stocked with gear and a trip to a nearby Whole Foods filled up the fridge for a week. NOTE: If you have AT&T wireless service the WiFI IS AVAILABLE FOR FREE. Just open your WiFi settings and log on using your ATT name and password. I used my iPhone and the wife used her laptop all the time and it worked perfectly without a charge! The pool area gets crowded most days, but my son loves the waterfall and enjoys using the gameroom, as well. We used the barbecue grills 4 times this trip, and there was always one available. Maid service was spot on time. We couldn't be happier with our stay this time and if I can talk my wife into it, we'll be back again next summer!
1	WHAT A NIGHTMARE WE HAD AS TIME SHARE OWNERS of  Scottsdale Villa Mirage, formerly Sunterra!  We were delighted to finally get rid of this property - donated it to a charity.  What led us to purchase this timeshare was an ambush in Sedona by a Sunterra salesman who invited us to a sales presentation.  The timeshare seemed like a great purchase at first, but later we found it to be second rate.  The furnishings and amenities are not quality.  Not a resort feel, more like an apartment complex.The biggest irritation we had with Sunterra was the constant pressure to get us to attend another presentation, promoted as an 'update'.  Each and every visit was the same deal, pressure to attend...BUY, BUY, BUY was Sunterra's cry.  Their salesmen never let up on trying to get us to buy more time.  They even called on Christmas Day. Beware of purchasing any timeshare. When you decide to sell you'll only get a fraction of what you paid, if you can sell it all.So glad to be done with Sunterra/Diamond Resorts.  And GOOD RIDDANCE!
1	So, we traded our timeshare for this one.  What a mistake, furnishing were so uncomfortable, not able to sit for any length of time.  We were on the second floor, no elevators, had to drag our suitcases up to our room.  Not a good choice.  If you have a choice to trade, do not pick this place.  By the way, the bathroom, only one sink was probably built for a handicap level.  If you are tall, very strange to have to bend so far over the sink....And, the desk constantly called to set up time to discuss buying, extremely annoying.  Never again....
4	What a surprise!I bought a groupon for this place to assist in my trans-pacific move from Hawaii to Phoenix. The groupon was $85 total for a studio with a kitchenette for three nights/four days. Naturally, at that price I was bracing myself for the worst. I'm quite happy to say that I was very happy with my stay there! I specifically requested a renovated room on the top (third) floor to avoid some issues like noise and bad rooms that I've seen others review. They complied with my requests, and the room was gorgeous -- much, much better than your average hotel room. There was a kitchenette in the room with a full fridge, cuisinart appliances, pots, pans, bowls, etc -- a full set up. I was stoked because this seriously helps in saving money.  There was a pull out couch that I didn't use for sleeping but enjoyed watching tv on, a huge bathroom, a comfy clean queen bed, and ample towels. The pool was decent -- the only thing that could have been better would have been more shaded areas, but hey -- welcome to Arizona, right? We were warned about being pitched for a timeshare presentation, but decided to go for it after being offered an additional 2 night stay at another location AND a $75 visa gift card. We sat through the presentation for about 75 minutes, said no, and received our gifts without any hassle. Overall I think this place was an awesome deal, and I'd definitely return -- especially if I could get another smokin groupon deal. 4 stars for quality and price!
2	went on a groupon deal.. of course they tried to get us to buy a timeshare, that was a no-go for us..the room on the 3rd floor, no elevators..!! (not a problem, kinda odd though)the single room seemed okay at firstthe bed was so uncomfortable, the adjoining room with the noisy, crying kid was not so pleasant. the bathroom was large, when i flushed the toilet, it wouldn't stop running, so i reached in the back to adjust the chain, the water was soooo hot.  -  the first shower was cold water, couldn't get any better than luke warm (should have splashed myself with the toilet tank water)2nd shower was only hot water, 3rd shower - mostly cold water - what the heck was going on..??the front door had a gap of nearly 1/2", we could see thru the gap.the adjoining room door had about 1" gap under it, so i rolled up towels to block it.the TV was the big clumpy style,the A/C worked, although the thermostat was very loose on the wall small kitchenette: frig, sink, coffee maker, toaster, microwave, table & chairs parking was amplewi-fi was $7 a day or $20 for 3 days.. i could go to any local fast food & get free wi-fi, why the heck are they charging???the pool looked nice, didn't use itthey did have free coffee & tea in the lobbythe staff all seemed nice & helpfuloverall - this place seemed kinda out dated
5	I stayed here a few weeks ago and had no complaints. It's not the Ritz Carlton, but for what it is, it's just fine and a great home base for a weekend in Scottsdale/Phoenix. Everything was in good shape, clean, no hassles.I also did the timeshare presentation and have to give Diamond Resorts credit. I thought that part would absolutely suck like a root canal, but they were very professional about the whole thing and didn't give me a hard time when I told them "no" at the end. I appreciate that.
4	Enjoyed our stay here.  Pool very nice.  Staff provided games around the pool.  no food and beverages rule around the pool not enforced and some brought in coolers!  Condo roomy with full kitchen but no jacuzzi tub.  Concierge Weston talked us into going to a presentation, assuring us it was not a sales presentation but a barbecue to hear about the other Diamond Resorts properties.  Barbecue tasted okay but was cold and limited.  Our "presentor" told us he lied and it was a sales presentation.  Parking was difficult this week due to construction taking up spaces, and we often had a long walk to our car.
3	Doesn't offer free wifi, which in my book is a sin in 2013. Full disclosure, my requirements for a room aren't high. Many times I've stayed at a Best Western for the free wifi over more expensive alternatives. The resort is comfortable though. Nice location.
4	Went here for an after party during the Phoenix Open. The people who got the place said it was reasonably priced for the  two bedroom suite.
1	The ONLY reason this place gets even one star is because on first glance, the room is beautiful. Two spacious bedrooms, amazing bathrooms, full kitchen, two balconies and a working fireplace. Now, what could have gone so horribly wrong that all these amazing amenities don't matter? 1) The refrigerator didn't work. At all. Not even the light inside (yes, it was plugged in. We pulled it all the way out just to check). 2) Blood stains on BOTH toilets. 3) 75% of the electrical outlets didn't work. 4) ....this is the kicker. NO. HOT. WATER. Called the front desk, explained our problems and requested a new room. They called us back and got us a new room. We went to the front desk to get our new keys. NOT ONCE were we offered an apology. First night of my honeymoon has been officially ruined. Thanks, Diamond Resorts. Find ANY other place in Scottsdale.
3	UPDATE - I'm upgrading this place from 1 to 3 stars because after all the ridiculous crap we had to go through (see previous review about nothing working and no hot water), they did get us into a new room right away and it was great. The new room was perfect, spacious and so very clean. The staff at the pool are VERY nice and we had a great time. If you already have a timeshare with Diamond Resorts, it's acceptable. If you're paying for it as a hotel, try another place. I wouldn't say this has everything to do with Diamond Resorts because I've stayed at other locations (most recently, Polo Towers in Las Vegas) and it was amazing. I just think the front desk staff at this particular Scottsdale location needs some retraining.
4	This is an update to my earlier review. We stayed here again this summer the week after july 4th. This time we received a two bedroom lockoff unit. Considting of a 1 bedroom + a studio connected by a passthrough door. The unit was clean and comfortable. Check in was a breeze as usual. Our week was booked through Interval travel so ee received free wifi. Access is no longer through att as it was before. If you book this resort through a booking site like a hotel, you will pay a resort fee & wifi is NOT free. We also were coaxed into the timeshare presentation as we are every year. I tell them upfront that we are NOT buying ...so we spend 90 min. chatting with the saleslady & walk out with a $100 visa gift csrd. Who doesnt love a free meal? Overall the stay is just as it is every year. Clean & comfortable...no problems.
2	OK, first I can say nothing bad about the room or amenities. This is a very nice resort building wise. The issue comes when dealing with the staff. I don't know if they are unhappy or just money motivated, because they seem to be all smiles when they want you to do a tour. When it comes to addressing your issues after or during your stay, you get less than stellar service.Issue #1: Girlfriend had arranged for a gift basket and birthday cake as well as reservations at a restaurant to be made before we arrived at the resort and charged to the room do to it being my birthday. On the check-in day the person my girlfriend had talked to was not in and the front desk staff did not have any notes or did not even try to fix the situation. They made one attempt at calling the staff member who was supposed to make all of the arrangements and that was it...."Next person". I kid you not. Not even a "I'm sorry let me try to find out what happened" or "Let me try to rectify the situation" or I would have been satisfied with at least giving us a list of restaurants or recommending something. Did not happen. So Screw it we found some other things to do while we were there.Issue #2: Low and behold, you are in a rush to leave and you forget a shirt or two hanging up in the closet. No big deal call them and see if they can hold it for me...but of course the service level here is again...less than stellar. Upon calling I stated what room we were in and when I stayed, "oh you want housekeeping, let me transfer you". Warning signals go off here because you would think that the frontdesk would call them first before I had to. Ok whatever, maybe i am being snobbish..."hello, housekeeping". Explained the situation. "We'll call you right back." No call back. So now I am on my way back to the resort...luckily I work close by, talk to one person, "you want to talk to the frontdesk," which is three steps behind me. Ok, you are behind a desk and you can't at least say 'hey frontdesk guys' or have at least walked over to say something to prevent me from repeating myself. Talked to the frontdesk guys, "here's a map to housekeeping". REALLY!!! Guess they wanted to be at the desk just in case they had to do a tour that no one wants to endure.Like I said, good place to stay, but you will be less than happy with the service level of this place.
4	We bought a voucher - 2 nights for a great price.  No timeshare speal or pitchmen.  Sweet.  The room was obviously not the nicest room in the place and we didn't expect that.  However we were put back by the "preview room" which is where those poor souls sitting through the  speal were.  Suited up salesmen swarmed the grounds and there was even a quick pitch on check in.   Kust say no.  The unit was nice sized with a full kitchen and made a nice home base for our busy staycation. The grounds are clean and although the roads flooded with a huge thunderstorm it is easy to get in and out of.  It is close to lots of things too - food, spas, shopping.  I would not,  however,  buy timeshare to it.
2	Stayed here for a business trip, my fault for not doing my research but I definitely wouldn't recommend it for business. It has one restaurant on the lot and that's open from 11am-6pm, not super helpful. REALLY don't like that they don't make the beds or clean up during the day. I called and asked them to do so, housekeeping told me yes. When I got back that night, it hadn't been done, they had just left a bunch of towels. When I called to ask why the bed hadn't been made, they said they only do that for 5 stays or more. (by the way, their slogan is "We love to say yes")Also, they tried to sell me on a timeshare when I went to check in late at night and all I wanted to do was crash, not exactly the welcome I'm looking for. Facilities are generally nice, but there are so many other options in Scottsdale, I'd try something else first.
