1	Could not find out what was wrong with me. Bad bedside etiquette. Never found out what was wrong with me after 20 visits, always felt rushed and that he had better things to do.
4	With an uncle and two cousins that are doctors I am writing this from the business side. I call Dr. Butler's office and get an appointment the same day. I get seen within fifteen minutes of my appointment time. He fixes what ails me. If you need a good, professional doctor and office staff, Dr Butler fills that need. If you want hand holding you probably won't get it here. One star does not seem right.
5	Dr Butler is not only a great Doctor but actually cares about his patients. He takes the time to listen and make an educated diagnoisis. Thank you Dr.  Butler for making me healthier and happier!
4	Dr. Butler is professional -- here's what you can expect: Suppose your appointment is for 10:30. You arrive at 10:25 to an empty waiting room -- not a room crammed with sniffling, coughing sick people. THANK YOU! At 10:28 his nurse takes you in; weighs you, takes your vital signs and very shortly, Dr. Butler comes in and reviews the results of the blood tests you did earlier that week. He asks if you have any concerns, illnesses, etc. "Nope -- just here for a check-up." Fine. They do an EKG, a breathing test, a chest X-ray, a hearing test and urinalysis. In other words -- everything a doctor needs to know to see if you're okay -- no hidden diseases, no vitamin deficiencies, etc. The first time I went to Dr. Butler it was because someone I worked with was tired of hearing my constand cough -- turned out to be acid reflux. Easily fixed. One other time I had bronchitis -- Dr. Butler gave me a prescription for antibiotics and said, "if this hasn't cleared up in 10 days, come back." He is NOT into building a big practice, running up your bill or soaking your insurance company. Again, Thank you! If you're looking for Marcus Welby, M.D., who is going to ask about your family, your vacation, your dog, you do not want to go to Dr. Butler. But if you want someone who is professional, punctual and will respect your time, then Dr. Butler is for you.
