5	I got a coupon for this new salon so I stopped in.  I had a great experience.  Colorful Nails is running great specials right now--$15 for a pedicure, $25 for a mani/ped, $6 for a brow wax.  I'm not sure how long the specials will last (I was in on 5/21), but it is a great way to try the place out.  The service was excellent-Cindy did a really good job and was friendly.  She really took her time on my brows and they look great for her efforts.  I'd recommend this salon to anyone--can't wait to go back.
5	Finally, friendly folks who do the job right.My wife decided after several years to have acrylic nails put back on.  Previous visits to other salons for manicures and pedicures found weird attitudes from techs, infections, and manicures that peel off in two days.  We wanted a place that would welcome us, provide good service, and have good prices.  It is amazingly hard to find all three of these qualities in a nail salon.My wife used to do nails when she was younger, so she knows what she is looking for.  One thing that she noticed about this place was that when Tia was doing her nails, she planned carefully and put on just enough acrylic to finish the job with a minimal amount of grinding.  This way, she saved time, product, and money.  When the nails were complete, they were done so well that before the color went on they looked like her own natural nails at first glance.  This shows good skill on the tech's part.The end result?  Just look at the photos that I posted here.  Nice shape, nice job overall.  If my wife is happy, then I'm happy.  You can currently find good coupons for Colorful Nails through Valpak.  If you have the GeoQPons app on your iPhone, you can also find printout coupons there.Just one IMPORTANT thing.  This salon does NOT have a storefront on McClintock.  The salon on the street is called Leo Orchid and has terrible Yelp reviews overall (see for yourself).  Since they have the same address (being in the same complex), people tend to confuse the two (Leo Orchid apparently also honors Colorful Nails coupons, adding to the confusion).  The salon is near Xtreme Bean and used to be called ABC Nails.  From McClintock, turn on to Southern past the Walgreens and then make a left on Butte to turn into the back side of the parking lot.  Colorful Nails is in the long building there.If you are looking for a nice set of nails, complete with freehand nail art, these folks will make you happy.  Tips by credit card OK.
5	Went here after reading the two previous reviews. Colorful Nails was such an amazing experience, very pleasant staff and a perfect pedicure at a good price. Tia did a wonderful job on my mom and I and is really funny and sweet. I have nothing but good things to say about this salon. I will definitely be back! :)
5	I seriously love this place. They are always so nice and attentive. I like the quality they put into their work too. It's never rushed or looks sloppy. I live really close and will not be going anywhere else as long as Colorful Nails is in business!
3	I chose Colorful nails based on the yelp reviews. My friend and I went for mani/pedis for her birthday. I called ahead to schedule an appointment to make sure they were expecting us and so there wouldn't be a wait. I was very disappointed when we arrived. There were only 3 technicians working and they had 6 customers prior to our arrival. We chose our colors and they prepared the pedicure foot baths. We sat waiting for service for more than 30 minutes. Once we did receive service it was good service. They were very polite and made sure we were satisfied with everything. however I was glad I was paying attention because my technician wasn't. He kept forgetting what he had already done. He didn't give me the same massage on both feet. I had to request it. He forgot to put the top coat on my toenails and fingernails. I had to remind him that he didn't do it already. It was hard to be mad because they were all so polite. Over all the process took just over 2 hours. I greatly appreciate the courtesy but its not somewhere I would go for a quick stop.
5	I have had my nails done at several different salons in the past year since moving back to the east valley.  Tia is very good at gel nails!  When I called Iinquired if there was somone at the salon that was good at gel and she told me she was and she delivered on what she promised.  The lady who did my pedicure was excellent also.  I would highly recommend this place!
5	It's a wonderful place for a relaxed pedi and gel sets !! Excellent  job on gels and the waxing is prefect !!  Great price tooNancy busch
2	It was ok. I am from California and my nails were grown out so I saw this 5 star place and decided to give it a try. The guy did my nails, I got acrylics, he spent a lot of time on them but he didn't make the even, some of my nails are slanted. They were expensive. In California this lady does crazy nails for me for about $45-$50 but over here I did just plain white tip and ring finger glitter and it was $45 I asked about student discount and they said no. It wasnt bad but compared to the place I normally go, it was just ok. Nothing beats Tracy at tips and toes in livermore
2	My first time there wasn't that great. The did an ok job at my pedicure but a sloppy job on my gel manicure. It started pealing and chipping the very next day! So I went back and they redid some of my nails. The ones they redid were great but since he refused to redo them all the ones he didn't fix were chipped by the end of the week. First impression one star but since they were nice enough to fix my nails ill give them three stars but I won't be returning.
1	I USED TO LOVE COLORFUL NAILS BUT NOT ANYMORE  ISSUES#1 I had asked for a pink powder acrylic overlay. It looked so beautiful after the first 3 days and then began to chip off. After returning approx. 3 times to have it repaired (they charged me  ,and I tipped ) . When I asked why it kept coming of my technician said it was probably because  the pink powder acrylic was not as strong. Well, why did he not tell me that at first!!!!!!!!! , I would of not used it. They are suppose to be the experts not the customer.Then I could tell that the cost of my repair was not agreed upon, between the tech and the owner. (Tia).......but of course that is only my assumption because they were speaking in Vietnamese..............very unprofessional and rude in my opinion.#2There were also times that when Tia would offer water or wine to other customers I was overlooked many of times.................was not even asked.  I believe they do good work but they messed up this time with  the poor customer service which I know they pride themselves on.
5	I've been here a few times and have had consistent, quality service. After getting tired of seeing the product of my own piss-poor attempt at a pedicure, I stepped into Colorful Nails today for a pedi-makeover. They have a laminated sheet with the various services that you can look through which I thought was nice, since it describes each service in detail. I chose the hot stone pedi for $20.They have a good selection of colors to choose from. After soaking in the foot bath, the gentleman doing my pedi did a great job with removing the polish, trimming, filing, and applying the different layers of polish and clear coats. He was gentle, thorough, and detailed. He even gave a great foot massage with the pedicure.Everyone here is very friendly, and there's a big screen TV for you to watch if you so desire. The polish looks great, with an even color and high glossy finish. You can add tip to your credit card here too, unlike the nail salon next to Sprouts where tips are only in cash. This is my new favorite nail salon!
5	I just went for my first time to Colorful Nails and they did an amazing job! Only 2 people working with 4 customers but they satisfied everyone and gave me great acrylics with gel for a great price! I will be coming back. Don't underestimate hole in the wall places because they usually have the best service :)
1	Horrible experience and I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I always see the same nail tech and she's amazing, unfortunately she is not there anymore (they said maternity leave but I don't know if she's coming back). Every time I get a full set done by one of the other nail techs, I have at least one or more nails break off completely within less than 3 days. I brought my friend from out of town to get her nails done, she was having a tough time and I wanted to cheer her up. One of the nails techs sprayed her with nail glue. It was all over her hair, eyes and clothes. It was also Friday night and we had been planning on going out, so that didn't happen.I would not recommend this place unless you enjoy making extra trips back to get your broken nails repaired.
1	I'm so upset with this salon. The people are nice but that's as far as the good points go. They did a horrible job on my nails and only discounted me $5! I probably would have considered going back if they didn't charge me for the mess they put on my nails. Nails didn't come out like I wanted them to at all. So disappointed. I won't be returning.
1	If you have an appointment, as I did each time, and someone walks in two minutes before your appointment, they will take that person first, and ask THE PERSON WITH THE APPOINTMENT TO WAIT!  In fact, the workers look at you AS IF YOU ARE CRAZY when you state that you made an appointment!  What is the point of making an appointment?  I had my third AND LAST trip to Colorful Nails today because of this unprofessional practice.  I expect a salon to honor my appointment time, and not make me wait while they take a walk-in customer right before me.For the record, the man who made my appointment today (and has done my nails twice before) wouldn't even make eye contact with me when I walked in.  He KNEW he made my appointment, he KNEW they had screwed up and taken walk-ins just moments before my appointment time,  and he sat silently while another nail tech told me that I'd have to wait.  They were just filling the tubs to start on the pedicures of the two women who walked in moments ahead of me, so I knew that I'd be waiting 45 minutes, and I HAD AN APPOINTMENT. Colorful Nails needs to get a better business model that includes honoring appointments ON TIME, or not taking appointments at all.
5	Came to Colorful Nails to follow my nail tech Danny.  I was impressed with the staff there. All very friendly and made sure I felt comfortable.  And of course my nails looked fabulous, Danny has been doing my nails for over 5 years and I will never go to anyone else. I would recommend this place to anyone.
