5	I needed a cleaning and had a small concern with one of my teeth. I thought I had a cavity or that maybe an old filling from a year and a half ago had fallen out so I went to Affordable Dental II on Painted Mirage near the 95.The hygienist I saw there was great! She gave me so much information about not only keeping my mouth healthy, but *why* dental health professionals tell us what they tell us ad nauseum. I never knew bacteria grew so fast! It was refreshing to hear from a person who seems to really care about patients' oral health, not just making a paycheck. But she told me she doesn't work at that office regularly so I don't think she can be requested by name. Then it was my turn with the doctor. Dr. Tiburcio was awesome! He was friendly, related to me, and made me feel right at home. It was great to feel you were in capable hands and yet no one was looking down on you because you had a question. He took up close pictures of my tooth in question and displayed it on the TV screen in front of me to talk about it. My least favorite part is always the numbing, but with doctor and his assistant, I barely felt a needle and it was no big deal. I was numb. Done. I had a small filling on #28 to be done and it took maybe 10 minutes. I took a look at it in the mirror and he made sure all of my questions were answered. If a dentist experience could ever be positive, I had one!I know I didn't have a lot of work to be done, but I have a feeling if anyone needed more in depth work, Dr. Tiburcio would treat you the same way he treated me. A lot of people are afraid of the dentist, so I wanted to get the word out-- Dr. Tiburcio at Affordable Dental II will be your friend! :)
5	I went to Affordable Dental on Ann Rd. & 95, and they were great.  Nice office and nice people.  A good friend of mine also goes there and she can afford to go anywhere.  They have a first time offer of $19.99 for x-rays and check-up and cleaning is $60.  They also gave me a price for a crown $500 cheaper than my last dentist.  I thought the dentist that gave me my exam was about 18, but his wife was pregnant with their third child, so I guess he was older than he looked.  All in all, it was a great experience, and I would recommend this group to anyone.
5	Finding a quality dentist is like shooting fish in a barrel.  You know never what to expect, but fortunately Affordable Dental was a smash hit.  I was able to get a same day appointment, and didn't have to wait  unlike some other dr's offices.When I arrived, I was greeted warmly and treated very well.  The entire staff was very attentive and professional.  It's good to know a place like this exists.  Don the Dentist rocks!
5	Wow, what an amazing place! If you're looking for a fantastic dental experience, go here!  I have been searching for the perfect dental home, and I finally found it! Amazing staff, including receptionist and caring dentist.Trust me, I have serious dental anxiety so I know a good place when I see it. The same day appointments are true. I called that morning and got in the chair 2 hours later. Each room has a flat screen and Rosa makes you feel at ease before meeting with the dentist. Don is amazing! He went slow on me which made the experience painless, that never happens! Anyway,  I could go on and on but you really have to experience it for yourself.They're off of Ann/95. Check them out! You will not be disappointed. Five stars!!
5	I love this place. I grew up in the neighborhood right by here, and its a great part of town and in a great location. I went there for a very painful cracked tooth and needed a root canal. I called up to about 12 other dentists in the area, and this was the cheapest place. I called up and they were able to get me in the next morning, exactly when I wanted to come in. It was very clean and quiet. It was my first root canal, and I was super nervous. They got me right in, took my x rays, put me in a chair, and explained and showed me everything I needed done. They explained before they started to me exactly what a root canal was, which was super nice cause I had no idea what was about to happen. By now I was very comfortable being there. Then came the needle to numb my mouth, and for me that's the worst part. I started shaking, and breathing really heavy. The doctor and assistant started calming me down, telling me to grab my phone and earplugs and play some music and relax. They gave me plenty of time to relax and get comfortable. I hate going to the dentist, but I definitely enjoyed going here. I will be getting all my work done here, and I am going to get my boyfriend in there too, to start work on his teeth.I'm excited to go back here. Everyone was super nice, and very comforting. I came in scared and in pain, but when everything was all said and done and I went to leave, I was chatting with the really nice girls up front, thanking the doctor over and over for his help, and smiling and laughing. I love this place, I can't wait to come back and tell everyone I know about it. Thank you Affordable Dental II!! I love you guys!!
5	The staff is amazing! The receptionist Vanessa is great and Veronica the dental assistant is so very sweet! The Dr. and Veronica were VERY attentive to my needs! The Dr. was so super nice! The rates are very reasonable compared to other places I have been. I love this office :)
