2	Flies buzzing around the cooked chicken. Employees were aware of this but did not seem to be very concerned. Go to this location if you are desperate for poorly protected and unsanitary fried chicken.
1	So gross. Everything about it. The food was terrible and burnt. Im going to vomit right now thinking about it. I just got finished eating two bites and i threw the whole thing away. The building itself is disgusting and filthy. The windows are covered in a nasty film. This place needs to be torn down immediately. There is absolutely no way this place could pass any sort of sanitary regulations. I have never been to a place that serves food that is as gross as this place.
2	Every now and again we have a craving for Church's chicken however your craving is only as good as the last meal that you got there.  Some of the chicken pieces that we got you could tell the chicken came from an old chicken.  Seriously! You know when you get a young fresh chicken as opposed to a chicken that was up in age.  Also the fries were over crispy bordering on burnt. So no more cravings for Church's chicken. Craving has been satisfied.
1	The service was not that great however hubby and I love the chicken. Hopefully it still taste as great as it had did last time ;-)
2	The chicken is good...the service on the other hand not so much.  I've been here about three times since moving to Charlotte and I've had three different cashiers.  Okay every cashier gets my order wrong.  They repeat what you say about 10 times (not sure why they can't maintain the information and type it in as you're ordering...guess it's too much to ask for) then type it in wrong and it comes out wrong.For this I definitely recommend not going through the drive through.  You'll be home by the time you realized that this is not your order at all or you didn't' get what you paid for.  The place doesn't look that clean also (it's on the old side) and again....service (well...)It's not that their rude or anything like (some not all) just kinda...well how can I put it...dumb (sorry)
1	I am a first time   Eater at churches. I walked in and everybody turned around behind the counter and looked at me and didn't say anything. I waited there for about five minutes for somebody to even say something to me. When a group of black people walked in after me they were like hey what's up welcome to churches. I am a white female. Two more parties of black people walk in after me. They said something to each of those parties each! I've been ordered the three-piece with two sides now. He didn't bring it up wrong and I asked her mashed potatoes no gravy he clearly saw that there was gravy on - potatoes and still put it in the bag. So then I had to pull it out and give it back to him to make a point of him to give me the right things that I ordered. I will never ever ever going to that church is taking again because of the racism that I felt was there and it the horrible fucking service. I've been asked for Honey he just told me that there was no honey left so I just walked out he never gave me a receipt and I will never go back.  Hands-down the worst eating experience I've ever had
