1	these guys get no stars. They are well known dirt bags and famous in my neck of the woods for near criminal behavior. if you are unlucky enough to live somewhere outside of madison in the sticks where they have a monopoly, you can expect extra bad treatment. possibly due to the frequency of their bad conduct, and he anger of the customers they have betrayed,the people at their office are especially defensive and rude. In my case they tried to make me pay for months of service I never received from them and then sent me to collections even though in my initial contact with them about the billed service they admitted that they knew I had received no service during the months they billed me for. If you get this service expect rudeness, frequent service interruptions and  incompetent service personal (to save wire they actually buried my cable right through the middle of my vegetable garden and also drilled unsightly holes in stupid places on my 160 year restored greek revival house). Do not expect apologies, admissions of mistakes or compromise much less fairness.
1	Horrible customer service, DO NOT TRUST THIS COMPANY!  THEY LIE TO YOU! We were in the market to purchase a new home but needed high speed internet.  We called charter to check on if they offered service at a home we were thinking of purchasing.  They said they did!  We bought the home, Charter sent out a tech to install the service (on the wrong day, another thing they screwed up).  The tech told me no service was available but that it was supposed to be so they sent out another crew to do a site survey to guarantee if they could provide us service.  The second crew came out and Charter told us they could indeed provide us service.  Again they sent a tech out and they could not provide us service.  We purchased a home based on information form these people!  They have offered to do nothing to fix this situation.  They are an extremely unethical company.  They have received a warning letter from the State of Wisconsin Department of Consumer protection over this.  I hired a lawyer to see if we could work out some form of compensation regarding this issue as no wired high speed internet is available at our home.  Their lawyer would not even return phone calls or correspondence from my lawyer.  Please do not use Charter if you can avoid them, they have caused us nothing but MAJOR problems and are willing to do nothing to fix them.
2	I had TDS before and I will admit (and this is the reason for any stars), their internet is way faster.That being said, watch what you sign.  We had a techincian fill out a form indicating that we had no invisible fence.  After realizing this we immediately called Charter and asked them to add a note to our account so the person burying the cable would not cut our fence.  As I'm sure you can guess, they just cut through it anyway.  I called, complained, and filed a claim.  Charter called me, told me to get it fixed and send over the invoice.  I did this, only to get a call and letter saying, just kidding we are denying this claim now.  They are just another criminal telecom company.
