4	Pleasantly surprised. Waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and on target with her suggestions.  We started with the fried Pickles which were quite good (I'm not usually a fan).  I love that they have a good size  drink menu as I do not have a usual cocktail that I drink this was great to try something new.  Mixed Drink prices are high. I got the Sirloin Tips with Parmesan Risotto and although I thought the portion was quite small for the price it was the perfect size for me and the flavor definitely  compensated for portion size.Other meals ordered were a variety of wings and a cheeseburger with egg on a sour dough roll and everyone was quite pleased.  I did try the wings and they were cooked perfectly.I would definitely return.
2	So I returned with my husband for the Parmesan Risotto.  I asked to get the Salmon with Black Bean Cake and mixed Veggies with an add on of the Parmesan Risotto but they could not do the Risotto as an additional side because I was told they make it before the dinner shift and they only make enough to go with the sirloin tips.  As disappointed as I was I changed the order to Sirloin Tips with Risotto, but sadly the Risotto did not taste at all the same as the first time I had it.  There wasn't even a hint of Parmesan flavor and the sirloin tips were quite tough and fatty.  I mentioned my disappointment to the waitress and she did apologize and walked away not to the kitchen area to let anyone know my disappointment though.  I am a fan of consistency and fresh food so needless to say I was quite disappointed this visit.  On a better note the hot wings and blue cheese dressing were delicious.  I hope they stay that way.  Stuck with a Corona Light this time their mixed drinks are expensive for a martini sized drink
5	This pub is awesome!  Love the redneck rolls and the black bean cake!  We haven't had anything here that we were dissatisfied with!
5	Superb!  My husband and I LOVE Glenway Premium Pub!  We rate all the following excellent:  Big Fish Sandwich, Orchard Salad, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, Chicken Salad Sandwich, Meatloaf Sandwich, and the BlackBean Cake Salad with Steak. All of these are 5 Star. The Chicken Wings we give 3 Stars, they just weren't our style. Not everything in any restaurant is going to be a favorite.  Great, Great Food!  Welcome to Belmont!
3	Haven't eaten here so this review is just based on the bar experience I had the other day while my girlfriend and I were in town eating somewhere else.  I really liked the feel of this bar.  There's nothing specific I can put my finger on but it was just cozy and it wasn't very crowded.  Sometimes you just want to have a drink somewhere that isn't packed out.The beer selection could be a little bit better but I'll chalk that up to it being a place that probably caters more to domestic drinkers than craft beer drinkers.  The bar staff were great and friendly and it really felt like a neighborhood type place.
4	If you are in Belmont this is a place you can find a pint of beer and fast service.  This is one of the local hangouts - everyone that came in knew a ton of people there.We have been thinking about moving to Belmont and places like this would make us feel right at home right away.There were a ton of taps and a VERY fast bartender - my favorite.  Good selection of wine if you are not feeling the beer that day too.We did not get the food here but our friends did and it looked very good.  A huge chalkboard will give you an up to date list of the rotating beer list.  Thanks guys for making us feel at home!  :-D
5	Went here with a group of friends and absolutely loved there wings.  The chicken wings were some of the best wings that I have ever had.  I loved the atmosphere in this place, and my wife and I will definetly be back.
4	The food is the best in town; I highly recommend the wings, burgers, salads, and BBQ.  Prices are average.  They have a decent beer selection but for a place calling itself a "premium pub" they could do better.  My only real issue here is the service and it is spotty.  Every time I have been in I have waited minutes at the door before being greeted--not a huge deal but it is nice to be greeted by a hostess when you enter a place.  The waitresses are also hit or miss; it can be really infuriating to have hostess/waitstaff standing at the back talking while you wait to be seated or for a refill and I have witnessed this on more than one occasion.  The patio is nice but does allow smoking which is a big negative for me.  Overall this place is great as far as the food but could be outstanding with more beer selection and better service; even as is it is the best restaurant in Belmont!
1	If this place is near 40% capacity don't expect to eat. We have been sitting here for over an hour waiting on 2 burgers. Sorry but #servicefail. To be successful in business you have to offer a valuable product, quality of service and a friendly attitude.
3	I want to like this place. I really do! The crowd is great for sports. The draft beer selection is spectacular for a pub in Gaston County. The food is overpriced, but decent. Not worth it if you are making a special trip. The service, though, soooo slow. I've been here enough times to make an informed report. They are very friendly, but just so darn slow. I sit at the bar, for Pete's sake. I just want a beer and a menu within 15 minutes. I'm not asking much, Glenway. Just feed me and give me cold beer. pleeeeaaase!
5	The service is amazing, the food is fresh and cooked by an all star staff.  Oh and the bar?  The beer selection is great while ever changing and the mixed drinks are not lacking in value nor taste.
5	Dinner and service was amazing !  Finally an awesome place to ride to and get a bite to eat... thanks yall for making date night a hit!!!
4	Gleway Pub is a great place to visit in Belmont NC! They have a very well set up restaurant. I've visited this place a couple of times and the food and service are great. They always have food specials and drink specials. They also have kids free night on Monday, Ladies Night on Tuesdays and Half priced wine on Wednesdays. They have a good variety of beer on tap and also the usual suspects (domestic & imported) The food is good, I've had their fried pickles, hamburgers and wings... The wings are nice because they are not "saucy", however if you like them hot better go with the hottest one they have because the mild and medium barely have heat (I'm more of a hot wing fan but the flavor was great)Everyone in my party enjoyed their food and they had a cobb salad, meatloaf and the sliders.I also had a brownie sunday for dessert to share and it was very good.They have TV's all over and outdoor seating which is nice. They also have high chairs and a kid menu. My kids loved the food too.
5	My favorite place in Belmont. This place has a neighborhood bar kind of feel where locals hang out. The food is good I have had the fish and chips,the shrimp salad and a burger. The atmosphere is chilled,good selection of adult beverages, it's just a neat place to have dinner or go out for a drink.
4	Tenderloin avocado salad and the Whisky Chicken sandwich are great! So glad we decided to stop in tonight. Our server Bree did a bang up job! We'll see you again soon!
5	I'd say it was good. No, scratch that....Great! Service was awesome, we both had burgers they were super good! Lesley had cucumbers and tomatoes as her side and I of course opted for the fries. Burgers were cooked to perfection UFO beers were cold too!
1	First time. Wondering if it will be the last. Waiting almost an hour for our food and drinks to arrive, we were on the verge of walking out. We took a table on the deck because it was a perfect night outside. A little crowded, that's what sparked our interest from the street. Either it's amazingly good food, or it's such a small town not too many other places for people to go on friday night. We were not impressed. A few reasons I'll state below. It took 45 minutes to almost an hour for our food and drinks to come to the table, warm beer folks! And no our beers didn't just magically show up, it was after we asked and yelled to get attention from the waitress. We are sober, watching all the drunk people around us receive excellent service. There was waitresses walking past us without a glance of acknowledgement that we are waiting, not even eye contact. Felt like we were the table that no one wanted to help (only 4 of us). I could see waitresses mingling with the crowd, but more talking and gabbling than actual serving. Food and Taste: I wasn't too impressed with the burger that I received. A plain jane if you asked me. Standard. A massive chunk of lettuce doused with mayo and barely any seasoning on the meat. For the wait, it was not worth it and absolutely not a repeat. The only part that was good, was our appetizer (Nachos) and fries. At the end, receiving our check. The typical apologetic waitress sorry for the service we received. I do appreciate the apology, but sometimes that's just not enough, first your apology is way too late, and second if you are truly sorry that we had a disservice tonight, drinks or at least the appetizer should be on you, or the manager to give us a 10% discount. Something that lets us know that you actually cared for your customers. We received none of that.
5	I have to give Glenway a hand on their craft beer rotation.  The owner or bar manager really seems to go out their way to make sure good local beer is on tap.
