4	Really nice people... Straightforward... Good selection of cars...Informative.... I HATE haggling prices; so I just wanted a place that had reasonably priced cars.... Feels like your visiting friends, not a car dealership... They even reimbursed my taxi fare from my hotel.... (I came from out of town). Too bad I can't afford another car... I'd buy it from Crossroads...
5	Walked in there after a terrible experience with another dealership and from the get -go they were friendly and so very casual.  I agree with Ulysses that they treat you like family or friends.  They not only let our kids play happily in the toy room and run across the floor room but they encouraged us to go grab McDonalds while she did the paperwork for us and she said I could take the car home and bring my check by Monday if I wanted( what!?).  Family run business. Would recommend to anyone.  No games, they cut the price liberally off list price when we asked them to reduce it though it was reasonable to begin with even.  Oh and the kicker... we were in and out faster than I have ever seen a car deal go through.. like I don't feel like I even sat down haha.  Great service.
5	Great, hassle free, head ache free experience! Nice selection of cars, online is updated with current stock, professional family business, reasonable best in town prices! My husband and I have never purchased a car so wonderfully easy. Oh and also they support our troops! Very appreciative of that
5	Great used car buying experience here. A small, family owned and operated business. They seem like very nice and trustworthy people. They will give you a good price but after that they are very difficult to negotiate with. But all in all, so far it was a good experience. Definitely worth checking out their lot.
5	Just bought a  beautiful car from Sarah @ Crossroads Auto. What a stress free transaction! Sarah made my husband and I feel like family. She listened to what we needed and got us a great deal. We are so happy with our purchase. Will be sending all our friends and family there. Thank you again Crossroads Auto !!
5	Nice friendly people to deal with it, got my Challenger from Paul. Thanks !!!! AVOID Sahara Dodge.
5	Just bought a new car from these great folks.I found them on CarGurus.com, sent a message via the website and received a call the following morning.The final price was extremely fair - by KBB/Edmunds/Nada standards.  You can also tell that because this is a small high quality dealership, each car is handpicked, meticulously inspected and gorgeously maintained.There was no hassle and no need to haggle too much - these guys were great.  They also easily got me the best interest rate (1.99) with no classic dealership statements, "Oh you'll never get that rate, no one can..."  etc.Because they are not a high volume dealership, the selection is higher quality not pure quantity.Highly recommended and trusted.Cheers.
5	Listen to this: 10:00 look at car; 10:15, price out the door agreed on, 11:00, papers signed and we are driving home. Sara was very easy to work with and very knowledgeable about the car.  Dad, the owner, decided we needed some gas to take the test drive, so he went and FILLED the tank.Just a pleasant car buying experience.  We all know that sometimes this can not be fun, but these people are very easy to work with. Highly recommend you check this dealership out.
5	I am on my 7th car from them and I couldn't be happier.  They are the most amazing people to do business with.  If they don't have a car on their lot that you want, they will find it for you!!!  However, it would be hard not to love a car they already have, they always have amazing cars and great deals.  Crossroads truly makes the car buying experience a pleasant one and I will never shop anywhere else.
5	My husband and I have purchased almost 8 cars in the past ten years from various Las Vegas dealerships but had the best experience with Crossroads. My husband gets compliments daily on his custom 2014 Silverado we bought here. We will definitely be purchasing more cars here!
5	Just bought a car from them a couple weeks ago, and I am in love with my car! They were very straightforward, nice, and honest people. NO HASSLE!! It felt like we were buying a car from a friend . They treat you like a person and not another transaction, making sure that you go home happy with your purchase! No pressure at all of buying a car!! They had a good selection of cars and they are in a good location. If you are looking for good condition used cars, please come here!! Thank you crossroads for being so awesome!!!
