3	I came here to get my Global Knives and I left with a recipe book, a cutting board, crystal decanter (gem!), and a oil fragrance dispenser.  They have almost everything you could ever want.  I am extremely happy with my knives and will be coming back for more.  Only down-side is that everything is crazy expensive.
4	You know you're a grown-up when...one of the stores that thrills you the most has to do with the kitchen! I'm going to save my money to splurge on things from Williams-Sonoma! Looking for a mango or peach slicer? You can get those here. I, too, didn't know I needed one until I saw it. Now I want it and a hundred other things.  Also, I appreciate that they offer live and free demonstrations on how to cook certain dishes. The time I stopped in was when they were making a quiche or something.The space is large and they have everyday kitchen gadgets to really fancy, special entertaining ones. Go here to buy an impressive gift or to add something fun to your collection.
1	I'm normally a Sur la Table guy when it comes to fancy cooking stores.  I've been into Williams-Sonoma once or twice before, but I never think to go in on a regular basis. However, when I recently needed some kitchen twine (which is surprisingly hard to track down), I decided to pop into Williams-Sonoma on my way home so that I wouldn't have to enter the mall proper.  I ended up regretting my decision.I found the twine--for $8.  Ok, I said, that's expensive for string, but I'm tired of running around, and it comes in a dispenser with a cutter that I can reuse.  So yes, I said, I'm going to buy the damn string.I take my purchase up to the register and greet the cashier. in return I get "Is that really all you're buying?"  I was shocked.  This wasn't being-a-good-cashier-and-offering-help.  This was why-are-you-wasting-my-time-you-moron.I'm sure you can imagine my shock when she repeated this demand once more before reluctantly checking me out.  And even further shock when she snapped at me because I didn't want to give them my email address for an $8 purchase. I won't be back to this store in particular, and perhaps Williams-Sonoma in general.What the hell?
3	I had to chuckle upon seeing Faith D's review, because I grew up with a W-S minutes from my home in south Florida and loved going to look at all the fancy gadgets as a kid - but why do I go to W-S now? To buy Star Wars, Disney, and Marvel comics cupcake liners and cookie cutters. Not that W-S doesn't have plenty of adult kitchen things to splurge on.. knives, one-task utensils you don't really need, beautiful stem and plateware, cookbooks galore, spices, salts, and bbq rubs, and some really awesome appliances that make me want to chuck my old cuisinarts out for, but sometimes do you feel like you're a fool for paying that much? Yes. Do I still really want the super speedy freeze pop maker? Yes. Service here is a little sub par, I was probably one of three customers in the store and it took an employee about five minutes to say anything to me. I would suggest doing research online before entering the store, as they seemed to know a lot about some products, but then neither employee was quick to respond to questions about the Thomas Keller product line they carry.  I'll return for the specialty items, but if I'm in need of something I know Sur La Table also carries (or amazon.com), this won't be my first stop.
4	Williams Sonoma is a bit of a "window-shop only" type of joint on the regular, but on occasion I'll pick up a few small items here and there. All of the things I typically lustfully stare at are always so highly priced that is makes my heart sink. Came in a few weeks back for some bread baking tools. Needed a rolling pin and a new cutting board. The rolling pin was an easy find, but the cutting board selection was a little abysmal. We found one towards the front of the store that was on display. The place was slammed, but one of the employees happily walked to the back and picked it out for us. I was really surprised at how inexpensive it was, too. She didn't even try and throw in the annoying up-sell towards the end. Just asked if there was anything else we were looking for. There is a great selection of smaller drawer tools that you can sift through. This section typically reminds you of what you don't have and could use...or use another of. I think I like this location so much more than others because it's not located in the mall. I'm not much of a mall rat. Just don't like dealing with parking and crowds. Glad this location is across the street off of Morrison.
