4	The place was cleanThe service was niceThe food was ... well it is Taco Bell. We had a few things for a quick lunch. I tried the beef enchirito and a beef griller. I loved the griller thing. Kid #1 had a combo burrito and #2 had a nachos with meat and cheese only. While the meal was fine the price was just right! That is why they are still around. CHEAP and QUICK.
5	Its Taco Bell! If you have ever been to a Taco bell, you know what you are getting. =)
2	I know I'm not paying for 5 star service at a Taco Bell, but sheesh! When we arrived, there were 2 other people in the entire place.  We stood near the registers ready to order but there was nobody there to help. After a minute or two, a man came to take our order.  He definitely loved his job... not.  After Mr. Ray of Sunshine took our order he forgot to give us our drink cups and walked away.I volunteered to wait at the register to get the drink cups while the rest of the party I was with sat down.  The girl working the drive through window kept looking over and ignoring me as I stood there trying to get her attention.  She kept huffing and puffing and stomping around.  Finally after looking at me six times (yes I counted) she says "Ugh, did somebody help you?" I mentioned that we did not receive our drink cups.  So she stomped over and goes "here" and slams our drink cups on the counter.  Wow, sorry for making you take an extra 4 steps to help a customer when there is no one even in the drive through line!  After the drink cup fiasco, it took about 15 minutes to get our food.  Once again I know I'm not paying for 5 star service, but I could probably make the tacos I ordered faster in my own kitchen.  Especially when there are only 5 people in the whole restaurant. We finally got our food and started eating. Then an employee still in uniform starts noisily talking on his cell phone behind the counter about how "I'm getting off work in about 10 minutes, blah blah blah, let's make our entire nights plans while being extremely rude to the customers".  Can't this conversation wait until you are off work?! This was highly unprofessional... and annoying.Aside from the aggravating customer service, the restaurant was clean and my tacos turned out decent. All in all, I would suggest using the drive though, at least then you have minimum contact with the extremely rude employees.  Or better yet, go to a different Taco Bell with pleasant employees.
4	A great place to eat, and you do not spend a lot of money.  Their quesarito is not as good as Chipotle's, but it is a lot cheaper.  But, I still enjoy it overall.
1	Go to any other taco bell in the area!!! There's one on 59th and bell i believe. They literally have shorted me out of items I've paid for every time i go through the drive thru. Not even worth the convenience. Employees are always rude too. I know its taco bell but come on...
1	Horrible customer service!!!! So my wife went their to get us some dinner. The reason I am writing this is because this is the 8th time that this taco bell has screwed us at the to go window. Absolutely worst management ever!!! I ordered 4 burros off the doller menu I get home to realize I was shorted three burros, so I drove back to explain what happened to have the manager roll her eyes at me really and you want 15 dollers an hour?!?! Hahaha please i work in the food industry and know what it's like. You work at taco bell by far the easiest job ever. I just wish someone will read this and realize that this taco bell is full of incompetent lazy workers
1	READ REVIEWS PLEASE! This Taco Bell drive thru plus customer service ( even the manager doesn't seem to care) IS THE WORST! Go to another. This is the 5th time my boyfriend has tried to order his meal & drives home (15) min to find out it's wrong!  They won't give u the $ back but not even IM Sorry or here is a free meal for next time so you come back?? Again they DONT CARE. It's Taco Bell go to another. We are calling the head manager to tell our story as well......most likely won't care either.
4	I never write reviews for fast food, but this place was clean and the staff was pleasant.  The food, well it was Taco Bell would you expect anything different, it was good
