5	This is the place to go in Arizona if you need a pet door. The quality of the door and installation is second to none.  Greg, the owner, is an artisan and perfectionist who does an awesome job in installing your door and treats your home like his own. He has many years of experience in installing and manufacturing pet doors.  He can install in all types of surfaces.  He puts down drop clothes, gives you the outer and inner walls in case you sell your home.  He'll also reinstall walls if you need that in the future.  His prices are competitive, he manufactures the doors and gives a five  year warranty. Greg also gives you tips when he done on how to get your pet used to using the door.  Mine was using it within five minutes. Greg's great to do business with and I would gladly recommend him to family and friends.
5	Holy...wow. A++Best service/Best quality ever. I was debating between buying/hiring JGM, and another company (starts with an H) and went with JGM because their door had a nicer cover. I know, that seems really insignificant...but that small aesthetic difference has made all the world.Okay so --- The total install time was an hour and 10 minutes. First: My installer called when he was on his way, (so I had time to clear out an area/clean up ect). When he came in,  we decided on door placement placement, and spoke about moving wires if need be (no extra charge!) and I asked how long the installation would take. He said to be back in an hour, just to be safe. I took my dog on a leisurely walk and BOOM. Magic. Here's where it really gets phenomenal: He will completely drape and tape the floor, making sure that there's not a spec of debris left after he cuts through whatever barrier the door is going into.  FLAWLESS. FLAWLESS Installation (check out my pics).I never thought I would "nerd out" about a dog door, but this takes the cake.The best part? They SAVED my wall in a protected box with Styrofoam and the insulation. If ever I move? They'll replace the hole in the wall ($150 to do this and I've already paid for the door...so I only have to pay for installation next time). Omg...that's if I move. This door matches my house.Love, Call them. Done. : )
5	I researched for a pet door for several weeks. We were looking for something secure, durable & dual flaps for entry/exit to maintain insulation. I narrowed it down to HALE & JGM doors & ultimately decided to go with JGM because of thickness of security door, spring lever removal of the security door & cost over the HALE branded pet door. When I contacted JGM Pet Doors, Jenny was nice, professional & very informative. She answered all my questions and gave me a pricing based on the suggested door size. They set up for a consultation/installation visit with an installer in 2 days. They were also able to mix/match their colors for the outside & inside door trim. We got white to match the inside walls & beige to match the exterior stucco of the house. They provided 2 discounts:1) A Monthly discount (Ranges from 5% or $15 off)2)  A Website/online discount (plus additional 5%)The installer (Micheal) contacted me 20-25 minutes before arrival, he looked at my dog & suggested the appropriate size door (debating on 2 sizes - which he brought with him). Once I felt comfortable with all my decisions, he began & it all took about 1 hour to install.He did a very professional job, by drapped off all working areas & saving both the interior drywall & exterior stucco so we could patch later if we chose to remove the pet door. He answered all my questions about sun damage (lots of afternoon son in our location), replacement flaps & warranty of the doors.I couldn't be happier with their service. I would utilize them again if needed another door & recommend them to any friends that need a pet door installed. We look forward to the new found freedom of the JGM pet door. If your on the fence, do yourself a favor & just do it. Quality job overall. Thank you...Will update with impressions of their customer services after purchase if I ever need to utilize the 5-year pro-rated warranty.
5	This is my third dog door, but first with JGM. Simply put, this is the best quality dog door and installation I have ever seen. JGM was competitively priced and their install was faster, cleaner and just plain better than the rest. I have used the big company in town, but this door is much higher quality and better priced.
5	I yelped doggy door reviews and found JGM Pet Doors. Since it had such high reviews I decided to purchase a door from them. I was so impressed with the service!!! The customer service rep ordered the size, inside/outside colors of the door all via the phone. The tech installed the door and nicely packaged the drywall & stucco so that the wall could patch it up later if we wanted too. Our dog loves her new door & we are so impressed by the look & quality of the door that 5 stars is not enough!
5	Just had JGM out to replace an old crappy door with a nice new one for my boxers... Micah was very professional, timely, explained everything, and let me say...what a SOLID product.  Door seems so well made and looks nicer than any door I've seen thus far!   Great job JGM and I highly recommend this company.  Top notch in my opinion.
5	I did a lot of research on dog door companies across the valley and finally decided to pull the trigger and go with JGM; and I am so glad I did. JGM may not be the cheapest route to go, but if you value a quality product and top notch customer service then JGM cannot be beat. From the customer service I received when I set up the installation appointment, to the professionalism of their installer, I have nothing negative to say about JGM.
5	I called when the dog door in my new home just wasn't big enough for my Lab.  They gave me a quote over the phone, and told me how the process worked.... I got called in to work the day of the install and a buddy had to be a the house.  They did everything they said they would.  Most impressed they left the patio and living room in better shape than the found it.  As for the dog door and the install 5 star work! At the end of the day you get what you pay for with JGM quality work and professionalism that's hard to find.
5	This is a great company!  I have never written a review before, but I am so impressed with this company that I had to write a review.  They have excellent customer service - they show up on time, call beforehand to let you know they are on their way, installation is quick and clean and the product itself is great.  I cannot say enough good things...I highly recommend them!
5	Met them at the home and garden show and will be ordering our doggie door soon.  Great presentation of a quality product.
5	I was referred to JGM by my brother.  I am glad I listened!  Greg and I spoke on the phone and discussed our options.  We selected our size and color and was given a quote which was very reasonable compared to other pet door companies.  I also loved the option of having different colors inside and out.  We were able to have it white inside and beige outside so it looks a lot better with the colors of our house.  Greg also moved one inside outlet and one outside outlet at no additional charge so the door could go where we needed it to.  I recommend JGM to everyone who needs a pet door.
5	I have to say that it is so refreshing to find a company that does a stellar job supported with fantastic customer service. We called a few different companies for quotes, suggestions and ultimately went with JGM because they just nailed it! We were looking to have a dog door installed mainly for our new boxer puppy. We wanted it in an odd spot, under some open counters in our kitchen and then wanted to gate across there and have it like a makeshift kennel - close the gate and allow her access outside and in without have free reign of the entire house.They came out the first time with a few different color optiosn to look at, explained everything, answered all my questions and made recommendations. We called later that day and had decided that JGM was the way to go. They came back out a few days later and this has to be the cleanest most professional installation I've ever had...of ANYTHING. He draped the floor, bagged all the installation without getting it all over. Plus he saved the drywall they cut out and the stucco in case we ever need to remove the door and patch it back up. Amazing job! They installed the dog door in around an hour plus they lined it with carpet so it doesn't get hot in the summer on her paws. Plus he even took the time to show us how to train our dogs to use it! Even after that we were still trying to figure out a way to create that custom kennel area. We didn't want a cheap plastic baby gate, and it was an awkward size. After a few days they even called us with some links to gates that would work for the area. They weren't going to make any money off of it, and still did research to help us get the end result we needed. Seriously, if you are  thinking about a dog door, don't even waste your time looking around. JGM has a superior product backed by impeccable service! 5 stars isn't enough for these guys.
4	Found these guys while doing a Google Map search for a pet door company that was close. There was one other company called Affordable Pet Doors that contacted me 1st through email. But Greg did get back to me by the end of the day and we were able to discuss what I needed, he gave me a quote on the spot. Affordable doors was still emailing me and wanted to schedule first. Since I was pressed for time on this job, I just went with Greg. The other company was slow on the take. David showed up as expected and put the door in. David was very helpful and full of information about installing doors. He has installed Hale and JGM doors and says JGM doors are by far the best quality made doors. We did a wall install and it came out great, very durable door and I'm super happy with it, so is my dog. I would recommend them.
5	We had a door dog that was horribly installed and damaged the dry wall inside our house when it rained. I also replaced several flaps in dog doors over the years, but they constantly warp and let the air conditioning go right out the door. Hubbie and I went to the home show to look for options.  Looked at Hale and JGM, but JGM exceeded expectations and they have an excellent warranty. Buy a good door to start with and you will save money over buying cheap doors that leak air or need the flaps replaced because of warping or tearing. Greg from JGM came out today to replaced both of our dog doors with JGM doors. Greg did a professional installation, taking many extra steps to protect and seal the door and our house. He even made sure little hairline cracks that were already in our outside stucco were sealed.JGM's double flaps with magnets on the side keep the door sealed are WAY BETTER than any other dog door we've had. In addition, the metal cover is heavy and of high quality.  I had a dog door a while ago that my Brittney Spaniel dented with his head trying to get into the house. There is no way Rusty could have dented the JGM door; it is incredible tough. These doors looks like it would be incredibly tough to break into them as they have a lock that when you slide the metal door in, it locks into place.  We have 2x6 construction and previous dog door was cobbled in because that door was only made for 2x4 construction. The JGM doors were customized to fit our walls perfectly. Greg did a GREAT job and was great with our dogs too. I would highly recommend anyone look at JGM Pet Doors as an option if you need a dog door.
5	Rather than reiterate everything everyone else said, I will simply say that Jeannie was friendly and helpful on the phone as she explained all of my options regarding the size door I would need. She was even patient as I tried to get my dog to stand up and stay still so that I could measure her.Our installer Greg arrived early, after calling first, and was warm and friendly as well. He measured my dog as well as my old doggy door and suggested which door, of the two that he came with, would be better for my dog.He was professional and efficient as he installed the door and even helped to encourage my dog to use the door a few times so that she could get used to it. He was thorough in his clean up and provided us with the cut out piece of drywall all wrapped and ready to store, should we need to replace it at a later date.The quality of the door, installation and warranty can't be beat. It's true that it might have been cheaper to go to my local Home Depot or Lowes, buy a door and find someone to install it, but you get what you pay for. I am very pleased with my new doggy door.
