4	I have been to quite a few nail salons throughout Charlotte, and Matrix Nail is by far my favorite. Although they do not offer the massaging chairs that most salons have, the environment is clean and tidy. A must, if you ask me. The prices are average, for what I believe to be well above average service. The pedicures and manicures really stand out. The technicians spend extra time trimming and perfecting each nail. The jobs are not rushed at all! They offer a wide selection of colors from OPI and Essie and always carry the super trendy colors I am too chicken to try. Please note I have never gotten any gels/wraps/acrylics so I don't know how they rate in this area. I highly recommend the threading as well. They do a PERFECT job and at a much lower price than other salons I have seen. Despite the lack of fancy chairs and that they only accept cash, I will remain a regular at Matrix for the QUALITY of services I consistently receive.
1	returned to the salon 5 hours after getting a goopy mani and a painful pedi that were still sticky (nearly all the neutral color bottles were practically empty) , requested a refund and was refused. was told this is normal? worst nail salon experience i've ever had. would never go back.
4	3.5 stars, rounding up to 4 for affordable services! This review is for their brow threading only. Because, here's the sitch, I can't get my brows waxed. Why, you ask? I break out like a 14 year old girl. I know, that was probably an overshare. Nonetheless, I am always on the lookout for talented threaders who offer their services quickly and affordably. When I read Stephanie K's review that had mentioned eyebrow threading, I hopped aboard. I strolled in on a Friday morning and did not have to wait whatsoever. This may be different on a weekend. The decor is pretty nondescript, but that really doesn't matter too much to me anyway. I was there for my $10 eyebrow threading. Upon arrival, I was plopped into a manicure chair while one woman spoke to another woman in a language I don't understand, pointing to my brows and giving her instruction. Sweet Jesus, I prayed that I didn't end up with shards of eyebrows when she was finished.She did a good job. The best, most exacting threading I've had? No. But a solid job overall. Some points that have to be recognized:-Cash or check only: No credit cards accepted here! -The threader threaded quite a bit on the top of my brow, but used tweezers for the majority underneath my brow. I've never had tweezers used so much and because of that, my rogue eyebrows are already growing back in the places where they were tweezed instead of threaded. -They listened to my request of "cleaning up my eyebrows, as I like the shape they're in" - this is huge. It drives me bonkers when the threader takes it upon themselves to create a new shape for you that you didn't ask for. -The service took at least 20-30 minutes. I appreciate that the threading tech took her time and was exacting, but I'm used to a shorter service. I'd try Matrix again because of their attention to detail but I hope the woman who is threading acquires a bit more practice and speed in the meantime.
3	Service was good and I didn't need to wait long for my pedicure. My biggest issue is that credit cards are *not* accepted. Get a square, please!
4	I went to Matrix Nail because I was in desperate need of a manicure. My nails were in really bad shape. I just got a regular manicure, no gel or anything fancy.Best manicure I've ever had. I will be a regular.
4	Great service & great prices. Tina is the best, and having being a customer for more than 10 years, I will stick with them.
3	This  was an alright place I've certainly had better service. The girls there didn't seem to communicate the woman that did my manicure did not know that I also asked for a pedicure nonetheless a different woman did my pedi. Now I don't know her name but my manicurist asked me to pay first before she painted my nails and well I paid $45 I had a mani pedi which is $31 and then they charged me $6 to take off my gel polish off and so I gave $8 in tip thinking that she was going to also do my pedi. She says to wait and comes another woman but I noticed she only gave her $21 I asked this kind woman how much a pedi was there she said $20 so her co-worker only gave her $1 out of the $8 tip I gave she could have at least cut this I'm half and split it between them after all a pedi is a lot harder than a mani. I felt so bad for her well I decided to give her more tip but I really felt like I was cheated by the other woman and I just don't feel good when there is greedy people like that.
1	After reading the positive reviews I decided to give this place a shot. Worst idea ever. I got a pedicure, gel manicure, and eyebrow threading. For the pedicure, instead of any sort of massage when she put the lotion on, she just literally barely rubbed it in on my legs - she never touched my feet. My gel "manicure," what a joke. First, my nails in theory got filed but they are so rough and I can break skin with my nails. I have the gel all over the skin next to my nails. And she was talking on her phone for most of the time. The person who did my eyebrows was nice enough and then made fun of my wedding rings. Who does that? Especially to a customer? I will never go here again.
3	IN the first 10 minutes i thought i ll get up and leave.  about 10 ladies were talking loud in the language i did not understand. NOone asked me how i want my pedicure to be done. In the middle of a pedicure someone looking like the owner of the place showed up and the talk became noticeably quieter. My pedicure looked good though, but i have to mention it was interrupted by talking, and painful by scrubbing.
