4	I'm an avid firefly food-lover so I was happy (oh, and my stomach was too) to find out that they didn't close down. They literally just moved down the street! The new place looks great and service was awesome! And, most importantly no change in food quality! Same great food but new and improved place! Where all the locals go and you can chill with friends over tapas and sangria! What can be better? Definitely a spot to hit up during your stay at Vegas!
5	The new Firefly on Paradise is beautiful! Upscale and trendy! Lots of delicious and fresh vegetarian options!!! And the best sparkling white sangria! Check it out!!!
5	Only for adventurous eaters. Don't go if you don't want to try something new. I'm tempted to take away a star for the crowds and the noise, but I don't want to hate on them for being too popular. Five stars. Great prices for what you get.
5	You will not find better food in Las Vegas!The ambiance is wonderful. Staff is friendly. The shrimp ceviche is a MUST! And the banana nutella is a great way to end your meal. I've yet to have a bad thing on the menu. This is a wonderful restaurant with loyal customers. We have been going to all of their locations for years and will continue to do so.
5	I've been driving by Firefly for a few years now, telling my wife:  "We should really stop in there sometime."  Sometime finally came, and now I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try this place.It's a tapas place, so everything on the menu is a small portion, generally meant to be shared.  They all probably average around $6-9, with just a few topping the $10 mark.  Everything I tried was outstanding, and I'm looking forward to trying a bunch of new things next time.  The restaurant itself was clean, new, and very tastefully decorated.  And the service was outstanding.  We were there maybe 45 minutes, and had no less than three people (including what I assumed was the manager) make sure everything was to our liking.  What a great find.
5	Larger location with a much larger patio. Service is much more personal and more attentive. The food is much better quality with bigger portions and the alcohol is flowing a lot better. It's obvious Firefly is trying to gain there customer base back. I will continue to be loyal to this amazing restaurant.
2	We were told this place was a good spot with a lively nightlife. When we went there only people that were there were having dinner. We went to the bar and had a drink. We ordered the infused vodka with blackberry and lychee. It tasted like syrup. We struggled to finish our drink. We didn't have any of the food. I am just rating the bar.
5	Probably everything you order off the menu would be good!  We had a party of 16 people, and I had no idea what we were ordering, so I just threw out some dishes I saw that caught my eyes - fish sticks, clams, mussels, and paella.  Everything was delicious, and I mean EVERYTHING!  The tuna tartare and the ceviche were on point!  We had two birthday boys with us, and the restaurant treated us with a few pitchers of sangrias, two birthday shots, and two tshirts for the birthday boys.  Don't have anything but good thing to say about this place.  I know this is the new location, (I've never been to the old location) but the place seems nice and clean.  Our party had a great time! Definitely be back next time we're in town!
5	Yes, this place has had its health issues (or rather one giant Godzilla-sized ISSUE). You are either going to get over that, or not. Having worked in the industry, I can confidently say that a place that has undergone such public humiliation is not going to drop the ball again. I am sure this place is now cleaner than one of those crazy decontamination suits in Outbreak. But, unlike that movie, Firefly does not suck. This place is the bee's knees. Try getting quality tapas at such a very reasonable price elsewhere - I dares ya! This new location (about time!) is much larger and nicer than the last joint. The once overly packed patio area is now open and spacious, and the same goes for the interior. The cramped bar has been traded for a full encompassing rectangle of drinking goodness. And the food lived up to the atmosphere. The bacon wrapped dates are a stalwart, and not to be missed. My only knock is the bread. I have never cared for it - hard and flavorless (closer to a cracker than bread). Although, it could be a blessing in disguise, as skipping he bread leaves plenty of room for countless small plates. Hopefully people start coming back and filling up the patio again, as it would be tragic for Vegas to lose this local dining icon.
5	Ten years ago, I lived in Madrid for a year or so. I got real used to the tapas bars in the city. Though it isn't authentic, it is Delicious! I tried the pulpo, bravas, tortilla espanola and paella. All if it was perfectly seasoned and we'll presented. A must for every las vegas excursion.
5	Love the new location on Paradise... as much as I enjoyed the original, they had outgrown it and were in desperate need of a larger space. The parking is not great in the back of the building, but outside of that this is a huge improvement. They fit plenty of seating and you don't feel like you are right on top of the people next to you as you were in the previous location.Love that they have a full size bar now with plenty of seating. Food was as good as always... I have a very hard time not ordering the Serrano Sliders every time I go to Firefly. It's pretty sad actually.Wish them luck with the new location and hope they learned their lesson and continue to monitor their staff/food more closely moving forward.
5	Fireflys knocks it out of the park for sure.  Their staff are their key to success.  Their staff where friendly, energetic, and took care of our party very well.  We had my mothers 60th birthday party (8 people in party) , and it was beyond memorable.  Food was amazing and the drinks where tasty.  I had the seafood paella which was perfectly cooked and I finished it all (serves 2-4).  Loved it and everytime I go to Vegas I will have good times and great food at FIREFLYS.  Thank you.
5	LOVED this place. We got amazing tapas in a lovely setting for a great price with great service. The tuna tartare was outstanding. Definitely get the bacon wrapped dates, and the pork empanadas were to die for. Great ambiance, easy parking, really nice servers. I would recommend making reservations, especially if you're going on a Saturday night as we did. They utilize Open Table for online reservations, so it's super easy. I really wish this place had a location in my city.
3	I was excited to come here after reading all of the reviews. I was in town on vacation, and many friends had recommended this place. Thankfully, I made a reservation. There was a huge line when we arrived. I liked the feel of the restuarant, but wasn't blown away by the food. Maybe it's because I live in NYC and we have some amazing tapas places (Boqueria), but I wasn't so impressed. The sliders were delicious, but the paella left something to be desired. It was dry and not very flavorful. I wouldn't come back to the restaurant when I am on vacation, but if I was a local, I could see myself coming back for drinks. Seems like a great place for a date.
5	As part of a Bachelorette party package (where the limo takes us to a restaurant and then to a nightclub), we went to Firefly last year in May.  We had 14 girls in our group.  We all ordered different items and we all shared different dishes with one another... the food and service was amazing.  I want to say that nearly every dish out of the 5 that I tried was very good!One year later, I was craving Firefly again because I had such fond memories of how delicious the food was.  Once again, I wasn't disappointed.  The food was as good as I remember, the service was great and I believe you get a good deal for your money.I highly recommend this place.  It's slightly off the Vegas strip, but worth the trip!
5	Went here for a friend's bachelor party and we were rolling pretty deep (like 20 of us).  I was appointed to order for the table and was very glad to.  We got 13 different tapas (3-4 sets of each) and some paella.  The paella was OK.  If you get it, get the seafood one.  I've had some pretty good paella and it set the bar really high.Make sure to start with their Sangria (I got the red).  It was delicious!  They say they marinate it for a minimum of 3 days and it definitely shows.  So smooth and bomb.Pros:+ Restaurant had a nice ambiance+ Friendly staff (the owner came out and even bought us a couple rounds of drinks for the bachelor party).+ Waiter was knowledgeable about the food+ Huge selection of tapas to choose from (could make things difficult)Cons:- Not exactly on the strip, but worth it for a nice dinner.Food highlights:+ SCALLOPS "ESCARGOTS" - these scallops were amazing!!  My favorite dish here!!!  They were cooked in the escargots container thing and the garlic herb butter hit the spot so well.  Definitely get this!!+ MANCHEGO MAC 'N' CHEESE - super cheesy but very delicious.  Can never go wrong with mac n cheese+ CHORIZO CLAMS - clams with chorizo in a sweet and salty sauce.  I believe it came from the clams and the the chorizo.+ Lamb skewers - tender and did not have a gamey taste to it+ CAMARONES A LA DIABLA - big shrimps cooked to perfection. nice and crunchy with a sweet and spicy chili sauce that complemented it very well.+ STUFFED DATES - bacon wrapped dates... crispy bacon wrapped with dates inside.+ TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS - shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage.  AWESOME COMBO!!! enough said.I'd definitely come back to this place.  Just make sure to come with a decent crowd so you can order a bunch of tapas.Here's a pic of our group:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-on-paradise-las-vegas-3?select=8HSstljGNrImSBq9jKy9hQ#8HSstljGNrImSBq9jKy9hQ
1	Was VERY disappointed!  Given the fact this restaurant was recently closed due to a salmonella outbreak and the owners were on the local news begging for Las Vegas locals to give them another chance, I would have thought the food would be served hot! My friend had to return the garlic fries because they were cold. They were returned to us MICROWAVED and only fries in the center of the bowl were hot. I ordered the tomato soup and brie grilled cheese sandwich, only to bite into the sandwich to ice cold cheese! G R O S S! The waiter was SLOW. The bar service was SLOWER. And to top things off the girl who clears the table was by like five times constantly taking our plates. She took my plate with food still on it and I had to ask her to return it.  The waiter was apologetic but did admit that some of the kitchen staff was from the old restaurant (hint, I do want to hear that when you had issues in you last kitchen and my food was served cold!) The manager came over and apologized as well and removed the cold food off of our tab and apparently one other table on the other side of the restaurant experienced cold food as well. As a local, I will never go to this or any other Firefly in town. As someone in the service industry, I was appalled at this lack of professionalism in our industry.
5	We were kinda skeptical about going to this place so soon after the Salmonella scare but we figured we would try it out and give it a go!  MAN were we on the MONEY!!Fantastic spot to check out hipsters, have a few shots, and a few more tapas, savory and sweet alike, as well as enjoy the beautiful decor and friendly staff.Started off with Patron shots, then a pitcher of Sangria which was very refreshing then we moved on to tilapia sauteed in butter and wine, dates stuffed with goat cheese and wrapped in bacon, shrimp cocktail, Spanish albondigas, Angus sliders, ohh and so many other delicacies that I want to remember but it's been a month since I was there and my memory is a bit shot from the Patron but I promise, everything was excellent.This is definitely a MUST GO TO when in Vegas!!!
4	Overall it's still firefly even with the scare that happened. I came here the other night and ordered a few dishes , it's still really good just like it's always been there was a few minor changes to each dish. The server was the only downfall to my experience here. Overall still taste and has the vibe of firefly.
5	I will keep this review short, simply and sweet.I love this restaurant!! I wish we had one in California because it is down right delicious. Everything we tried was amazing and the tuna tartar was the best - I had TWO! This will be a MUST place to go to whenever I am in Vegas. I even dare say that it is a lot better than some high prices, high rise, five star restaurant's I've been to on both the strip and downtown.But remember this is a TAPAS restaurant which means that plate sizes are finger food sized and not very large. It is a good place for groups but if you are all looking to stuff your face then this is not the place for you. If however you are looking for a sleek and posh restaurant with amazingly high quality food and flavor this is THE place!
5	LOVE.Pure deliciousness. What a treat!We were with a huge group so I think we ordered everything on the menu and everything was incredible. There was nothing I didn't like. What stands out a week later is... the artichoke on crustini, burrata-tomato-lettuce thing, meatballs, and the steak skewers. But really everything was great. Also the SANGRIA is amazing. We were very happy. They also didn't seem to mind that one of our friends was beyond drunk as we all laughed hysterically. Very fun night. So sad there's not one in California. Boo.
5	My date and I decided to check out the new Firefly, just a block away from the old one. I enjoyed the spacious and hip interior, along with some ambiant music playing over the restaurant chatter. We didn't check out the bar but we did order some quenching sangrias since they were half off all month long. I'm not the tapas expert but the menu has a lot to choose from. Bacon wrapper dates were my favorite, along with the diablo shrimp and stuffed mushrooms. The staff was very friendly and attentive as well.  I will definitely make a return here very soon!
4	A good tad bit noisy, but awesome food at great pricing.  The drinks were awesome as well; not watered down and incredibly great pricing.  (Example:  we paid $11 for a glass of cranberry& vodka and a Midori sour.  2 hours later, we paid double for the exact same drinks at a Latin Club although the drinks weren't bigger or better tasting). The Ceviche was amazing.  The Spicy Shrimp tasted perfectly sweet yet had a nice follow up "bite" lol.  The stuffed dates lived up to their reputation.  We are definitely coming back to this place!!!
4	I use to frequent the old location on Paradise quite a bit but had not been to the new location yet...I like it much better.  The space is bigger and every area feels much more open.  I didn't have any food at this last visit but we did have a couple of pitchers or Sparkling Sangria, still my favorite.  The ambience is great, love the music they play and will go back soon to have some bacon wrapped dates which are exquisite from what I remember.
5	This place rocks!  Great hot fresh food every time which comes out relatively quick.  My 2nd time at the restaurant and 1st time at the location.Always an excellent choice to visit.
5	This is my third Firefly review and of course third times a charm! I cannot find anything wrong with this concept. Tapas options are spectacular chilled, hot, seafood, meat and poultry. I haven't tried dessert because I'm usually full by then, but I can only imagine they are inspired.Portions are a steal with prices ranging with smaller tapas $4 to hearty paellas $20. And believe me, you'll want to share that paella!! It's a lively place that I always think of going with a large group. But I must note, this new bar is large and the separation from the restaurant makes it comfortable to kick back with their sangria on your own as well.The staff is friendly and attentive. The bartender is knowledgeable & smiles. And now this new space is bright, clean and inviting. I'm glad to see them bouncing back from the bad press they received from the shutdown.After all, mistakes happen, and we all deserve a second chance! Wait to go Firefly! I'll see you again very soon I'm sure.
4	love everything about this place EXCEPT the music and crowd can be quite loud at times. tapas and sangria's always amount to a great night. love love love that the month of July is half off sangria's.
5	I'm borderline obsessed with this place. I love everything here! The vibe is fun the service is impeccable and the food is delicious. The banana Nutella sandwiches are basically gods gift. I love that the plates are small so you can sample lots of things too. Despite the small plates you will leave full. I really enjoy this place was and every time I dine here.
4	The tapas are delicious. We had a mishmash of sorts, the bacon-wrapped dates, the chorizo/chicken mushrooms, the tinga empanada, the mac and cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! Can't decide which is my favorite, but everything was great! The drinks were good, too!
4	2nd time at Firefly... 2nd time amazed!  I laid off the happy hour sangria this time though... so I can actually remember something about the food to write a review.Everything here is fantastic... for those not familiar with Tapas (such as my parents)... just think of it as a Spanish version of Dim Sum. Ordered the usual:Stuffed Dates - bacon wrapped... yum!  Some might find the flavor unusual however... each serving comes with 5Roasted Beet Salad - have had better elsewhere... you can skip this and try something elseBBQ Mango Ribs - my favorite dish... very tangy yet has that mango sweetness... meat falls off the bone... dish comes with 4 good sized ribsFirefly Fries - truffle fries = king of all fries.  comes with a nice dipping sauce as wellStuffed Mushrooms - stuffed with some sort of chorizo... fantastic. 4 pieces per orderSeafood Paella - order this right when you sit down because it takes a while to cook... probably could feed 4-6 people... it's great!  It's quite on the peppery/spiced side (not spicy but you can taste a lot of different spices added).  Unfortunately it came last and we were quite full already and couldn't enjoy it.Even the bread appetizer is delicious... comes with what I think was a jalapeno butter and olives.I stayed away from it this time... but the Sangria is fantastic.  Especially if you get it during happy hour.... quite the bang for the buck... careful though... that sh*t creeps up on you!Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars in my book is the music is way too loud and the service is a bit slow.
5	Excellent service matched with delicious food means a place I would frequent if only I lived in Vegas!  The apple salad with manchego cheese, so crispy, creamy and refreshing!  Eggplant goat cheese cannelloni again with the creamy goodness. Bacon wrapped dates, why mess with a classic, these were our favorite dish! Chicken tinga empanadas, chocolate cherry bread pudding, delish.
4	My wife and I had date night here on a Friday night.The food was great, we were seated quickly and everyone was pleasant. They even had non-alcoholic beer, which is a plus because I was the designated driver.The food was great, fresh, and you can't beat the price. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.The only set back was that it gets a little loud, and the seating doesn't allow you to sit closely to your date. So, I had to cup my ears to listen to my wife tell me how her day was. Probably better for a social night out, than a date place.I am looking forward to returning soon.
5	This is seriously the BEST TAPAS EVER!!! Definite must! Everything they brought out was better than the last. The fries, tomato basil soup with grilled Brie cheese sandwich, the Mac and cheese, the scallops, the ribs. AMAZING!!!
3	I am writing this review WITHOUT keeping the whole e-coli fiasco in mind.  It is based solely upon food, drinks, and service.Service is always a little snotty and rushed.  Not particularly attentive.Food is good - I like the roasted peppers, the mac n cheese, the artichoke and more.  The bacon wrapped dates are a popular item but not really for me.Their saving grace in my opinion is the sangria.  I absolutely love the white sangria and could drink a whole pitcher (good thing I am a responsible young woman.. ;) )Happy hour is Mon - Thurs from 3 - 6 and Fridays from 3 - 5 ...usually very busy but it's a fun place to meet friends or stop by with coworkers after work.  Overall I would go back again but not for the service or the wait time.  The sangria, it's got me hooked.
4	Yes, you are reading this rating right 4STARS for Firefly.  At the end of this review I will explain why I did not rate 5STARSWith all the negative publicity that this restaurant has received it's time to put them back in the good light.  I was recently here for a team meeting, and I have to say that I was very impressed. This new location is AWESOME, valet parking in the front and ample parking in the back.  Hostess booth as you walk-in just like the old location but the update in the new location is now there is a WAITING AREA.  Helloooooooo, no longer do I have to wait outside, in addition to the waiting area the new bar area is big enough to sit and have a drink and not be elbowed by other patrons.  RESTROOMS - clean, clean, clean! and more than 2 stalls (sorry just keeping it REAL)DINING ROOM - OMG, amazing you can actually walk through the restaurant w/o saying the following: - "oh, I'm sorry"- "excuse me, can you scoot your chair in please"- "it's hot in here, is the AC on" , etcBig parties can be seated and accommodated comfortable.  Firefly now has a extra room for private parties, that sits off tot he side of the dining area.BAR - The bar is SUPER, more than 5ppl can sit at the bar now.  If you and friends want to chill at the bar and sit together, you can.  Open bar area, it sits kind of in the middle of the restaurant.PATIO - couches outside, more of a lounge area now.FOOD - - STUFFED DATES: yummy! yes indeed, dates stuffed w/ blue cheese wrapped in crispy bacon. (I don't even liked blue cheese, but i KILLED those stuffed dates)- MANCHEGO MAC&CHEESE: when you can see the grease of the cheese along the rim of the dish, know that you're in for a culinary delight.  bubbly cheesy goodness, mac&cheese comes out w/ that crunchy cheese top. you know how you throw food in the oven set on broiler to make it extra crunchy...YEP, and that's what come to you table. mmm, mmm, good- ALBONDIGAS: juicy moist meatballs w/ melted parmesan cheese sitting in a bath of tasty tomato sauce.  NO really, the sauce is on point, I wanted to take the bowl and slurp but I didn't want to look like a fat a$$.- VEGGIE EMPANADAS: crispy flaky dough, you hear that slight CRUNCH when you bite into the empanada.  the veggies are not all mushy or hard for that fact.  its a nice balance, it comes drizzled with some kind of sauce that matched very well- STEAK&MUSHROOMS SKEWERS: um YEA! medium rare, i don't what type of steak but it was tasty.  it reminded me of filet mignon, it was so tender, when I pinched the steak to pull of the skewer it just slide right off.  If you are a mushroom person, then this dish will make you very happy.  They do not skimp of size or flavor- BEEF SLIDERS: DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no extras needed, don't ask for for any ranch, no ketchup, no mustard, no NOTHING. EAT AS IS, beef is seasoned perfectly, cooked medium rare, you take a bite and your teeth just sink into the beef.  OH MY GOSH, i'm getting hot over here..oh i forgot I'm still writing a reviewGO TO FIREFLY'S you will not get SICK, I PROMISE.  They have cleaned house in there, I did not see any of the OLD employees there.  I was a regular at the old paradise location, I was familiar w/ all the workers at the old location.  The NEW paradise location is NEW all the way around.  The food is still GREAT NOW, the reason why I did rate 5STARS is because of this one problem:With a new spacious restaurant and bigger restrooms there is still NO TOILET PAPER in the bathroom.  If you're a girl, go to the bathroom with a friend just in case you walk into the stall and it is out of paper.  "hey girl, can you hand me some rough ass paper towels please"  I'm just saying.....Check out the NEW FIREFLYS on Paradise, it's good.  A good place for anything
5	One of the best kept secrets in Vegas!  The food here yummy and the prices are much better than those fancy steak houses on the strip.  The sangria isn't strong but is delicious!I recommend if you plan on coming here, make reservations.  It can get busy.
4	We haven't been to Firefly in awhile, but thought we would give the new location a try.  It is awesome!  They have made a few changes to the menu that are great.  Specifically, they have mini Italian Beef sandwiches Chicago style.  As a Chicago native, I thought they were spectacular.  The new restaurant is roomy and has great ambiance.  Our interest in Firefly definitely has been renewed and it will be back on the list of regular places we frequent.Room for improvement: The service was a bit slow, especially since we went on a Friday night and the place was not packed.  We prefer to order a couple plates at a time. Though we told our waiter this, he was not very good at checking back regularly to see if we were ready to order more.  Also, something has to be done about the noise level.  I suspect that due to the low ceilings and type of flooring there is nothing to absorb the noise all the patrons make.  It was very difficult to carry on a conversation due to the loud crowd noise.  If the place was packed, it would have been unbearable.  I hope management will do something to help minimize.  If the noise issue is resolved I would give it a 5 star rating.Overall: This is a must on any trip to Vegas.
4	Amazing. The 10$ Filet is Huge! Drinks are great Just a little pricey.
5	I'd always been a fan of this place.  We didn't get food poisoning. =D  I love the new location, bigger, cleaner, and nicer!  I'm so happy they opened a new restaurant and closed the other one.  Must try their sangria if you haven't yet.  Everything they serve is so tasty.
5	In the land of buffets and assortment of restaurants this is truly a hidden gem. there is only one word I need to use to describe this place - yum!!!! It is a little bit off the strip but definitely worth a try. Everything I tasted was delicious and mouthwatering. Also the service was pretty good and I would definitely recommend.
5	Loved finding this unique and tasty restaurant off the strip for our vacation! The food was a  pleasant twist on the authentic flavors. Since my husband has taken trips to Spain this was a real comfort food trip for him. Be sure to try different tapas and share them in the standard Spanish tradition. We also enjoyed the Paella. A must for Vegas.
2	Most of the dishes were fine. Not sure why all the 4-5 star reviews. The best thing was probably the stuffed dates. The kitchen forgot our order and we didn't get our food until 40 mins later. That sucked.
3	Mediocre food, super fast service, good sangria.Unimpressed with the four dishes we had. Lamb chops were good. Polpo overcooked. Again; very fast service. Fed and full in under an hour on a Friday night.
4	Walking into the new location, it just didn't feel like Firefly. There was no squeezing up to the bar, waiting outside, or squeezing you way through the place on the way to your table.  It certainly lost its coziness.  My friend and I had a lengthy discussion noting all of the differences and how we didn't know how to feel as 'it's just not what it used to be'Then the bacon stuffed dates came out, and all of a sudden, it felt like Firefly again, and we started to appreciate all the improvements including the significantly larger space and improved decor.  Food and Booze were still as good as ever.
5	Amazing food, amazing sangria. Lobster corn dogs blew my mind. Definitely try the place
5	I have had group dinners in Vegas for my customers for 15+ years and this one was over the top. We had a party for 42 restaurant owners from Oklahoma and Texas . We used their private room which was great. Regina and I picked out a menu and the bar selections. The open bar option was great for socializing then we sat down to dinner and it was game on. The Tapas were flowing and they were fantastic. We also added paella that we didn't need because we had so much to eat before it came out. Regina warned of that and she was right. Last we had dessert samplers which also were unbelievable. The staff was very attentive and always getting more drinks or more food. I can't say enough good about the experience. Thanks for everything Regina.See you next year!!!!!
5	If you only eat one thing in your silly, stupid, little life, eat the bacon wrapped dates at this restaurant. Ridiculous.
4	one of the best bargains in vegas. great food. great service. we were seated close the door which may have been the reason it was quite hot. other than that it was perfect.
4	Nice cozy place, great service. Food comes out fast and is consistently delicious. Would definitely recommend. My favorite is the bacon wrapped dates and the sangria by far.
5	great and more spacious new location on Paradise just feet from the old one.  Great tapas style dining.  Every one of some 10 dishes we tried was very flavorful and well done.  Just order a few at a time so you dont go overboard.  Outdoor area available.  Friendly hostess, waiter and staff.  Will go back.
4	Good tapas place off the strip. It's a really short taxi ride/drive from the Wynn end of the strip so don't be afraid to deviate from the main strip. They offer free valet here too so it's convenient if you have a car. We went with a fairly large party of 9 and our waiter advised us to just order a few tapas at a time in rounds. They come out fairly fast so you don't have to be afraid of waiting that long. For the most part, he was correct, except our party was pretty hungry and scarfed up every plate almost immediately after they came to the table.... so if your friends are a pack of ravenous dogs like mine, you can order more at a time. We ordered:Mixed Paella (one order is good for about 4-6 people)- nomskies. Legit Spanish cuisine. Ahi tartare + avocado- standard dish you can't really go wrong with Bacon wrapped stuffed dates- I don't normally care for dates but this was like CRACK. So good. Nice balance of salty and sweet. It's really small though, like 5 dates on a plate and one date per person is not enough  Fries- good but also forgettable Lamb shank? Thigh? I forget which part but it was good. 2 pieces only. Mac and cheese- nomskies in all it's creamy goodness Stuffed mushrooms- nomskies,  I'd get it again Some kind of stewed veggies + egg- meh I'd pass on that one I can't remember what else because it just kept getting passed around the table rather quickly. My other advice to you would be GET THE RED WINE SANGRIA. It's a little on the sweeter side but I think everyone can appreciate it, even those who don't care for sweeter tasting wine. "Take this all of you and drink it. This is the cup of my blood which will be given onto you and to all so that your sins may be forgiven."If Jesus was talking about the Firefly red wine sangria then I'd be downing that all day and all night... like a mofkn sangria vampire or something. Okay that's my advice, you heard it, enjoy your time in Vegas!!! :)
5	LOVE this place.  everything we've ordered has been amazing.  we would go here every week if we lived close!  the new location is a lot bigger. there is also a large patio sitting area with some lounge couches too.  the last time we went we received EXCEPTIONAL service.  can't wait to go back, we want to try everything on the menu it is so good :) i honestly think it is my favorite restaurant!
5	I was brought here by my friends who are locals. This is hands down some of the best food I've ever had! Everyone must try this place. It's about one mile off the strip, so everyone should be able to reach it.Having traveled all over Spain and also having eaten at Spanish restaurants all over Southern California, I expected to find the typically understated and demure, simple and clean tapas I'm used to. Not So! This is bold and flavorful. It's Innovative, it's creative, it's Spanish fusion.The Food Style:This is gourmet at at an affordable price. IMHO the chef is a genius. Each small tapas plate is unique and individual, no two dishes are the same. Again, they are flavorful and bold, never bland. They display complex and contrasting flavors that are complimentary and blend seamlessly together to form a cohesive unit. Because each tapas plate is a small bite, the three of us were able to try 9 plates + 3 free bread and olive plates (The honey-almond-butter is amazing). This meal was like an amusement park for the taste buds.I don't eat much meat, so we stuck to seafood and vegetable dishes. It's great for vegetarians.My Favs (all 5 stars): The stuffed peppers, the roasted eggplant cannelloni, the manchego mac 'n' cheese, grilled scallops with saffron potato puree, and steamed mussels (incredible sauce). They give you as much free bread with honey-almond-butter and olives as you want. My friends raved about the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, which are arguably the most popular item on the menu (I don't eat bacon).Others (4 stars): Tortilla espaniola, patatas bravas (great brava sauce).To Drink: A pitcher of Red Sangria. This is the real deal and very very tasty. It tastes like a fruity Merlot, not like some frou-frou fake sangria cocktail you get at chain restaurant.NOTE: some tapas are better than others, but you have to be adventurous and start trying. Use the tips above. The only one I wouldn't order again was the seared ahi tuna skewers. They didn't have much flavor and the texture a little too tough to chew.Ambience: somewhat dark and intimate, warm decor, comfy booths. Service: Excellent. very friendly and attentive. They easily accommodate special requests.Prices: $35 per person after tip per person for 9 plates and a big pitcher of sangria, and we were all STUFFED. PROS: The Amazing Gourmet Food; great for vegetarians; affordable prices; delicious sangria; comfy booths;  great service too; close to the Strip (about 1 mile)CONS: NONEBOTTOM LINE: Come here, or you're missing out! I would consider driving back to Vegas from LA to eat here.
2	I have been to the old location on Paradise a few times in the past. I thought over time it became overrated. When they moved to a larger place I thought maybe the food would have improved. Not really. I still think its overrated and the tapas are slightly above average.  I am sure I will be back a few times because my friends LOVE Firefly. The next time I eat here I will most likely get an entree instead of tapas. PROS: Tres Leches chocolate cake             Chorizo and clams             Great place for a group to try many different dishes.              Ribeye Steak and truffle fries (entree)CONS: Spicy Beef salad - the salsa verde didn't mix with the other ingredients             Pulpo Asado - the octopus was good but the tomato, paprika lemon vinaigrette  didn't mix.              Lemon Berry Tarts - the berries were good but the tart cups taste like they came out of a  box.
5	We absolutely love this place!  The food is absolutely fabulous!  We had several meat and seafood dishes and they were all amazingly delicious.  The ambiance has a very Spanish air to it which is very charming.  The service is also excellent and accommodating. The drinks and food menu is very extensive and authentic to Spanish cuisine.  Only a hop and a skip from the strip and plenty of parking.  We'll definitely be back on our next trip!!
2	Went to a friend's birthday gathering at Firefly's new location on Paradise. Disappointed. Best example was the potatoes brava. They were slimy with a spicy but otherwise flavorless sauce and globs of what seemed like mayo from a jar. A feint shadow of the fabulous potatoes brava at Julian Serrano, which have a gourmet tomato-based sauce and light creamy aioli.The service was also frustrating. We were in a booth with about eight people. The curtains blocked people on the ends of the table from sight, which meant waiters never bothered to ask us if we wanted anything else. We had to get up from the table and seek out the waiter several times.This is huge place and in terms of quality this is like the chain restaurant of tapas places. For a little bit more Julian Serrano, in Aria, is orders of magnitude better.
4	When I first arrived at Firefly I didn't see the signs for parking in the rear so I thought it was really empty.  I parked in the rear and had to walk past the dumpster with a man rummaging through it.  I sat at the bar.  The redheaded server was very sweet and know her menu items.  I was especially impressed when she told me what looked good out of the kitchen that night.I started with the Salmon Toasts.  They had very good flavors but tasted very similar to bagel and loxs(should have listened to the waitress).The second dish I ordered was the shrimp Diablo.  The sauce was a perfect mix of spicy and sweet.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly.  The third dish I ordered was the lamb chops.  They too were delicious.  I would not recommend them if you're in a large party.  Overall the food was good.  The service was great.  One critique would be the presentation of the dishes.  They could have made them look a little better with the small plates.
5	We had a table for 20 on Friday night - it was a pre-party for our wedding the following day. Daniel was our server, and he was AMAZING! We ordered pitcher after pitcher of sangria and mojito (so yummy!). He was on top of everything the whole time. The seafood paella was the highlight for me - but the table was full of tapas and everyone raved about their food. It was my first time at Firefly. I will be back every time I am in town now. Fabulous evening all around.
3	Went here last Saturday night. We sat outside on the patio. The patio was so dark, it made reading the menu difficult to say the least, and I have 20/20 vision. Next visit, I'll make sure to sit inside.THE SERVICE - awful, confused, unattentive. Our tapas arrived long before our silverware and plates, or water. I tried flagging someone down 3 TIMES to no avail. Finally, I had to pop into the bar area to request plates, silverware, etc. Not very good. Then, it seemed like we had several waiters, none of which communicated with each other. After we were almost finished with round one, another waiter brought bread to to the table and seemed quite confused that we were almost finished with the plates already on our table. So, word to management.....  TRAINING AND COMMUNICATION.THE FOOD - wonderful! We ordered the stuffed dates.... OMG!! We ordered an additional plate! We also ordered the pulpo, the lamb sausage, manchego Mac n cheese (holy lord that was good!), patatas bravas and a couple of  other plates that escape my mind and a pitcher of sangria. The sangria was pretty tasty.The quality of the food saved the experience. I will return to Firefly, I only hope that the service is better, otherwise, that will be the end of it, good food can only take it so far if the overall experience is not that good.
5	What luck! Just happened upon this place. Excellent food, super device and great atmosphere.
4	Went here on a trip to Vegas and man was the food good! I love Tapas but usually always see a $100 bill each whenever I go. Not here!All the tapas are $4.50-$8 each and the drinks were reasonable too. The result - 6 items and drinks for under $50 for the two of us!We had:Chicken Empanadas - my favorite dish, flakey and full of flavor; a lot lighter than a typical empanada. Excellent.Tuna Tartar - not the best tuna I have eaten but for $8 it was decent for the priceBacon wrapped almond fig - okay no the official name but you will see the one I am talking about it. If you like bacon order it. The perfect blend of salty and sweet. Has a bit of blue cheese and a balsamic type sauce. Very good.Apple and Manchu Salad - really awesome. a light and yummy summer salad. I love the fresh green apple cut julian with the almost-blue-cheese. Garlic bread with almond butter - the free dish was probably the most unique. I need to know where they got the almond butter from because it was like nothing I have ever tasted. It was galic meets peanut butter, but not. It looked and spread like butter but tasted creamer. So good.Dessert - Gelato Trio - 3 excellent flavors: chocolate, vanilla and my favorite the pistachio.Sangria it was the sparkling white one aged for 3 days; very good for a hot summer dayNo this wasn't the quality of San Fran tapas but it gets 4 stars for being cheaper than eating at the Olive Garden and excellent food. I will be back on my next trip to Vegas.
4	We were here for my BFF's birthday. I really like the food at Firefly but just like the Sahara location, service here is bad. It's just a tad bit better here. However, parking is impossible here. I had no choice but do valet on a Friday night. I asked for a white sangria and a glass of water as soon as we sat down. I got my sangria but got my glass of water a few minutes before we left...that's 2 hours later! But then again, we were a big group. I can tell our server was really TRYING his best.I noticed they added more items on their menu especially desserts. My Firefly faves are Firefly fries, bacon-wrapped dates, sangria and steak and mushroom skewers and a few others but I only ordered those last night since I wasn't too hungry at 9:30pm. I did get some calamari and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms from my friends. We also got a rib eye. It was huge and comes with fries for only $20, wow! Last night's fries were super oily though.If you get the fries, get double aioli...it's yummy! You can't go wrong with their sangria...either red or white. Just get a pitcher and leave happy. I don't recommend the Nutella dessert and I'm a huge Nutella freak...it's something you can make at home. Pretty much everything on their menu is delicious, trust me. Just have the patience for the service and pray they won't have another health violation scare.
5	One of my favorite restaurants here in Vegas!! I always bring my guests here for their sangria and yummy tapas.
4	So I'm biased, despite the recent bad press here this will always be my favorite spot. The servers are always pleasant and knowledgable and the blueberry mojitos are on point! We came for happy hour and had a pitcher of blue berry mojitos, stuffed dates, baked tetilla, Serrano sliders, fireflys fries, diablo shrimp, and chicken rings empanadas. The empanada was one sliced in half so it was a small portion but the taste was delicious the pitcher lasted us the whole meal (and it was happy hour 50% off drinks) and our server was Gabriel and he was absolutely amazing I recommend you as for him
3	I'm happy the place is bigger and there's actually parking! I Wish the service was as fast as it used to be.... They get your order and that's about it... Not good with the follow up service! Slightly disappointed they switched their shrimp cerviche order!!! And things are now even smaller.... I used to love their bread and now that's even different! Oh good luck getting a refill! I just want to old firefly service back, this is too commercial for me.
4	This place was great (food/drinks/prices), our waiter was not so great. The lady who bussed our tables was AWESOME and took the time to tell us all her favorite things on the menu.We happened to be there on latin night which was really cool, it was so packed there was nowhere to sit on the patio, but it was no big deal because we got a great view of the amazing dancer. Best shrimp tempura I have ever had! Will be coming back to try more items
3	Met some friends here for a birthday party...she loves it here...I came for the company.First of all, parking is retarded here.  If you don't care about people parking your car, DO THE FREE VALET.  I drove my boat back there trying to find a parking space, and I couldn't find ONE space I felt comfortable leaving my car.  I ended up parking in the hotel parking lot next door and walked over after leaving the frustration known as Firefly's parking lot.I wanted the Firefly fries that I've grown to enjoy...They come with Parmesan, Herbs, and an Aioli for $6.  Since I knew I was gonna order another plate or two in addition to the fries, I decided just to spend the money for the steak and fries :P14oz Ribeye ($20): Red Wine Sauce, Cabrales Bleu Cheese, Firefly Fries and Aioli. Surprisingly large ribeye for the money! It was a good steak, cooked perfectly, but the sauce/seasoning was a little distracting. Still good though!However, the fries were undercooked and stupid oily.  Like "dripping off your fingers" OILY.  I should have returned them, but my steak was cooked perfectly, and I thought it was a waste to turn over the plate.  They probably would have just brought me a new side of fries, but that's in hindsight. So you can still get a decent value at Firefly...just factor in bad parking and a hint of inconsistency and you'll probably be fine!Pics :
5	Came here for HH with a friend who's local.  And oh my gosh. the food!The HH is amazing, super awesome deals and great food to choose from.  I would definitely suggest the bacon wrapped dates, it's insane how good it tastes!!  I would recommend it for the HH for sure, not sure about the regular hours Super nice place too :)
5	I live in California and needed to arrange a wedding rehearsal dinner for my nephew.  His fiance had suggested Firefly.  She said the food was great and she and her family enjoy it.  I looked them up online and and came across the event section, I sent a quick email for someone to call me.  That day, the event coordinator Regina Simmons contacted me.  We corresponed via email text and by phone.  We were a party of 35 and were able to have the private room in the back.  On our way to the venue I sent Regina a text that we were on our way.  Once seated our waiter, Jesus was on it.  We had water bread and drink orders.  Oh did I mention that I left all my centerpieces there and Regina and her staff decorated for me.  She even ordered linens and napkins to match our rustic chic wedding decor.  Everything looked beautiful.  Within 10 minutes of settling in, BAM!!!!  The food, oh the food.  We had artichoke toast, the bacon wrapped dates, salmon toast, beef and chicken skewers and the diablo shrimp.  Everything was delicious.  The service was awesome and the food amazing.  The value was definately there.Parking, use the valet parking, it's FREE!!!!!When we were leaving, the place was bumping, it was a great vibe and great mix of people.  I will definately be back on our next trip.  Can't wait to try new items. (Will definately order the bacon dates again)Thank you Regina and the Firefly staff for making this event special and memorable for my nephew and and now new wife. Gracias por todo!
3	Only came here for desserts, which was pretty good but the service was awful. Two servers went to the table next to us and asked if this was their order, they said no and we said we think it's ours over and over again. The servers immediately got confused and nervous. Finally, he put in on our table and I think he thumbed one of our desserts.On the tab:Banana-nutella SandwichesDessert PlatterYum to both. Enough said
5	We were staying at the hotel right nextdoor so it was very convenient. We had 2 pitchers - one of the white chardonnay sangria and the other was mango mojito. We also had some tapas - stuffed bacon wrapped dates, artichoke toast, tuna tartare, firefly fries and ended with the passion fruit sorbet. IT WAS ALL SO MINDBLOWINGLY AMAZING. Service was fantastic, we never had to pour our own drinks. They were very helpful and extremely friendly as well. Everything was very reasonably priced as well! It wasn't cheap cheap but it wasn't exorbitantly priced either, I would definitely return next time I'm Vegas!!
5	Love this place when coming to Vegas. Great food, prices and atmosphere. Know they recently had some issues and closed a location but I'm sure they're even better now.
5	Wow! This place was all around fantastic. We ordered the red sangria, which was lovely. It had flower petal tastes incorporated...that's a first for me. Never had that flavor in a sangria. It was great. We ordered a couple mojitos as well - they were good, but the sangria just blew em out of the water.We were vegetarians and I went here after reading someone else's review that said they had vegetarian options. He was right on the money! It had a good number of vegetarian options - and they were willing to customize the almond stuffed dates to make em veggie-friendly as well. And all the dishes were excellent.Honestly, I'd have given these guys 4.5 stars, but I rounded up cuz the food & drink were so good. The -0.5 stars would have been for 2 things :1) for loudness. Try asking for outdoor sitting to help with that (it seemed quieter outside). There was a longer wait for outside seating when we went2) When we did ask to move from inside to outside the waitress insisted that we'd have to close out our bill and then move and re-open a new tab. I get that we'd have a new waiter/waitress (i.e. I don't want someone else getting my tip?) , but as a customer, that should be transparent to me. They should have been able to figure it out between themselves, and leave me out of the picture.Having said that, this place is a must visit for me now.. I'm going here (and asking for outdoor seating) next time I visit the area!
4	Happy Hour is the best time to go!!!Everything was GOOD...and I'm not just saying that because I was like extremely hungry. I'm saying that  because it was good...just as good as it was when I last visited. We had the calamari, french fries, mussles and beef/mushroom shish kabobs and sangria! I could go for a pitcher right now!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. I have brought everyone that visits me to this spot and the raving continues long after they leave!I have yet to have something that isn't an absolute party in my mouth. Obviously the Bacon Wrapped Dates are incredible but some other gems are the Tierra Y Mar. The Filet is so good, the meat used is always quality.The Spicy Sweet Shrimp is also to-die-for. I'm talking... I order extra bread to scoop up the sauce afterward because I am just never quite done with it. All of their seafood dishes are impressive really.I am not going to go on and on about this place because there are plenty of reviews but it's the best place to try a little bit of everything with a few friends. If you go during happy hour the drink prices are outstanding and the small plates are perfect for a snack or a full on vegging out session!!!!Now I am hungry and this salad looks terribly disappointing...
5	I dare you to name something that IS NOT good here!!!Ok, maybe the paella isn't in par with Miami, but still darned good!!
5	three words...absolutely freak'n awesome! The bacon wrapped dates are fantastic, and the red sangria was fabulous! Great place.
2	So I wrote a really scathing review of this place before it moved and when I walked in, I told the concierge. I basically got treated like garbage by the bartender because (I'm pretty sure) I didn't fit their hipster classy crowd. They reassured me that the place has vastly improved.I came with Angela and Kent. We ordered about a dozen dishes here. I'm only going to mention the two that we would order again. The stuffed dates and the spicy beef salad. Everything else we had wasn't even ok. We also got seated outside and there were only two servers outside and we actually waited 5-10 minutes until we got our drinks! Seriously, have you ever waited that long for alcoholic drinks in Vegas? Yeah, it's like we walked into some pocket dimension not in Vegas. Our food also took a long time gettin' to. Even the bread and butter they give you, I had to ask for twice before we got them and they took their time also. What really made no sense was that we got our dessert before we even were served all our main courses! WTH? That's a first, never happened to me. I will say that the sangria is pretty awesome here and the pear-ginger martini was pretty outstanding. Only reason why I'd ever come back, the drinks. But then again Angela made a good point that you can find better in Vegas if you looked hard enough. Yeah, probably so it's a question of whether I would go out of my way to come here just for the drinks. Nope.So I'm really, finally done with this place. I was done before they moved and now I'm done again with this place.
5	I came here for a Bachelorette party that was party of a VIP package - so we got treated to all you can eat and drink... I have to think the alcohol is definitely factoring in to what a great experience I had, but honestly the food was great and our servers (we had two) were AMAZING!! I would go back just for the service alone as they were attentive and went above and beyond to keep our party of 9 happy.  Food - like I said it was all you could eat tapas and desserts for us, and a table of 9 girls, yep we pretty much had it all.... and managed to hand the plates around as if they were big enough to be family style.   I loved the bacon wrapped dates, the octopus, the apple salad, the tuna tartare, the empanadas, and the dessert platter.You can probably skip the mussels, the chick peas in shells (these were actually good, but not worth the mess or effort to eat), the shrimp diabla, and the steak skewers....  trust me we ate many more than this, but these stick out as the best and the worst.Drinks - the mojitos were ok, not as flavorful as I would have liked, but it was all you could drink and really I wasn't complaining. The sangria was strong, maybe too strong, and then other's in our group ordered wine and beer.  Service - again, sooooo good!! Our waitress took the time to get the bachelorette a candle and sing a made up bachelorette song to her as though it was her birthday... she didn't think the bachelorette looked happy enough so she kept going above and beyond with little details to make our night that much better.  Atmosphere - loud, like really loud, and I'm sure our table wasn't helping... definitely not a romantic tapas spot I'd want to go to with the bf, but perfect for our kind of evening.
4	Being a big eater, I thought a tapas restaurant would not be for me.  This worked got me I was way stuffed.
5	Best Tapas restaurant! Tuna Tartare is my favorite!
2	Overrated.  Went here for dinner on 10/30/13.I had a few things, including the mushroom tart - tart was cold, but mushrooms were warm.  When food is not served at the right temperature, then I'm over it.The garlic cream cheese stuffed peppers sounded better on paper than they did on the plate.  The cream cheese completely separates from the pepper when you cut into it.  No bueno!The best part of my meal is the garlic bread and sweet butter.  That was good!Restaurant is dark and very large.  Self-parking in the back.  I was put off by the large number of kitchen workers taking their break outside of the restaurant that backs into the parking.  I also didn't like seeing the numerous servers inside the restaurant all chatting with one another waiting for something to do.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for a vegetarian-friendly place for a nice dinner while briefly staying in Vegas.  I did some web-searching and cross-referencing and Firefly seemed to fit the bill.It was a Saturday night and we arrived at Firefly at about 8:00p.  After about 5 minutes we were seated on the heated patio that was beautifully strung with red and white lights and really just seemed to be an extension of the dining room.Drinks were tasty: sangria and dirty martinis, and we were offered a nice crusty bread with compound butter consisting of schraicha, honey and almonds.  It was really good!We ordered two cold plates and two hot plates.  The green apple manchego salad and pisto were real standouts.  All the plates were reasonably priced between $4 and $6.For dessert: the caramel flan with almond biscotti was sized very well and tasted perfect! Not too-eggy and velvety smooth.All-in-all a great dining experience.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend!!
5	Seriously good. The way to eat. Try a few small plates and all will be good. Bacon wrapped dates, Tuna tartare were awesome, one more, what shall it be?  The Sangria is the bomb.
5	I was in Vegas with some girlfriends for a bachelorette party and we were staying at the hotel right next door.  We ate here 2 times in 3 days if that says something about how much we loved this place.  It's a tapas place with a nice variety of dishes.  We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, the bacon wrapped dates, the mussels, some Asian shrimp dish, the apple and manchego salad, and coffee.  All the food was really great and the coffee was much needed after a long night of partying.  We came back again with some other friends and had an issue with their steak.  It tasted really weird and the servers were so great and accommodating.  They offered to make the dish again or replace it with any other dish free of charge.  When we didn't want anything, the chef came out to apologize and sent over a free dessert platter! AND they sent us the steak anyway, which I brought home to my husband (and he said it was delicious).  LOVED the food and the super nice service.  I don't think I've had such great service anywhere (except, of course, for those fancy pants places where it costs $150 a person).  Highlights were the bacon wrapped dates and apple and manchego salad.  I am definitely coming back every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Slightly disappointed because all the publicity took away some of the intimate aspects of the "old" Firefly. Parking was horrid (you can't tell if one side is one-way or not) and the wait was long at the new location when we finally found it! Given that, I still think that this is the best tapas restaurant that I've ever been to. My friends and I have been a regular before it was "popular" and hyped up, and we've always loved the menu items, all the way down to asking for extra bread and that yummy butter! Our regular orders would usually consist of the chicken salad (TO DIE FORRRR!!), petit filet, firefly fries, empanadas and the kabobs among other things. I am absolutely in love with the chicken salad and I wish I could make it at home, but ehh. Price is okay, but I wouldn't go regularly--only on special occasions or when the gang gets together for a dinner date. Their dessert items are also very good.  I have never, ever been disappointed by their food! Also, the white sangria is yummy but I gotta say that their pitcher of Strawberry mojito beats the sangria hands down. I wish they had a Firefly here where I lived now, that's how awesome this place is (minus the long wait). Last visited August 2013.
3	Got here for the first time with my girlfriend. The best thing I can say about the place is the service. If you come here for a date I suggest don't. It is very loud. We ordered the fried calamari tapas and the eggplant rolls with goat cheese. I think the calamari was too salty and on the other hand the eggplants roll were too bland. We also ordered the seafood ipella. That was ok it had the flavor. I suggest to come here with friends and have fun not a one on one on Friday nights.With friends you can make as much noise as you want and drink. Like a local bar almost.  I give it a 3 out of 5 because of the service. I think it was great they were always on top of everything.
2	Two stars for service. Food: Fried calamari - too salty; Eggplant cannelloni - too bland filled with coagulated, low quality goat cheese; Seafood paella - more like rubber disguised as seafood - was overcooked beyond belief; Chocolate tres leches - cake on top of melted ice cream it seemedAtmosphere: not a great date place unless you want to exercise your vocal chords via yelling at your date. Excellent bar atmosphere, chill and great customer service. Overall appearance of the restaurant is great.Best thing they can do for this place, re-train their cooks or fire the ones they have. They need new cooks. Overall, take your money elsewhere, this is VEGAS. You will find better.
4	Boquerones and manchego mac and cheese were pretty good! Tres leches cake was also nice. Should have gone with the full pitcher of Sangria. Can't wait to try the paella next time.
4	I was surprised to see this new, bigger location. I really like the intimate setting of the previous spot but they did a good job with this one. Obviously, the demand led them to a bigger space, which makes business sense. We sat near the bar... they have TV's with sports on, which takes away from the experience in my opinion. Whenever I have had tapas, it's usually an intimate spot with your wine or sangria, your tapas, and your friends. This was almost like tapas in a sports bar!As for the food, I can't find any reason to complain. I thought the bacon wrapped dates were pretty much dead on. I didn't expect the chicken salad to be as good as it was. The steak skewers were really good and also the empanadas hit the spot. Although the setting may not be what it was it is nice to see the quality of the food to be where it always has been and that it didn't disappoint!
5	I absolutely love Firefly. Their food is delicious. The tuna tartar is to die for. The paella is unlike any other paella I've ever had... In a good way. Even their french fries are phenomenal! Their sangria is FABULOUS!!! My friend and I go all the time and split a pitcher. Two glasses in we are always having a GREAT TIME! The service is great. All the waiters and staff are super friendly and always available if you need something. Plus the restaurant is quite large but still has a very intimate feel no matter where you are sitting.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
5	This place is definitely one of the must go places in Vegas. All their dishes are small so you can try tons of dishes. You have to get the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and the sangria. The steak is huge a good portion and cooked to the proper doneness (medium rare)!! And they start you off on the best note with their delicious compound butter. Atmosphere is loud, fun and exciting! Staff was really good, friendly and helpful, even to my party of 15.
4	Great tapas good mix of locals and tourist always busy I would recommend the sangria or diablo shrimp
5	The tapas were amazing. Good customer service. Food was a lil slow but overall fairly nice
5	Great experience the other night at the new location. Excellent food, drinks and service.
5	Seriously unbelievable.  Not only was the service spectacular, but the food was outrageously delicious.  The chorus of ooos and ahhhs from our party every time a new dish was tasted was almost ridiculous, but it really was THAT good.  There was a sizable wait when we arrived, but we easily found a few seats at the bar.  Definitely a good choice!  Our service was spot on: the bartenders had amazing recommendations for drinks and tapas, and they took great care of us.  The highlights of our meal were the shrimp diablo, clams with chorizo, chicken tinge empanadas, white sangria, and the apple/manchago salad.  I've never been so impressed by a salad before!  We had a slight hiccup when a bug flew into my glass of sangria, but our bartender wasted no time and replaced our entire pitcher.  Above and beyond!  A wonderful restaurant, spectacular food, and top-notch service.  We will be back!
4	Very good tapas.  We went with the Tuna Tartare, Stuffed Dates, Patatas Brevas, Mushroom Tart, Fried Calamari, Grilled Scallops, Albondigas, Ham and Cheese Croquetas, and Serrano Sliders.  It was a great meal that my wife and I shared.  My favorite was the tuna tartare, my wifes favorite was the mushroom tart.  All the food was great, aside from the calamari which was overcooked.  The service was great and the staff was all very attentive to our needs.  We really wanted to try some dessert but as you can see we went all out for our main meal/s.  I definitely will come back to this place next time I am in Vegas.
1	Apparently some people renting wave about this place I was not impressed by the least service I thought was kind of slow not friendly at all very limited on items they don't sell too much for me to eat, it's some kind of Mexican Spanish fusion food it was awful maybe you enjoy it, The pictures I took do look good the inside of the restaurant has some nice areas but again I was not impressed with the food,it  wasn't to my taste.
5	This is seriously an amazing Tapas restaurant and the ambiance is just perfect for a date or a group outting. We ordered the civiche, dates, melt in your mouth baby back ribs and for dessert we had flan and the nutela banana sandwich bites. The service was speedy, efficient and simply perfect.  We had a main server and a runner whom both provided us their names and recommended dishes based on what we said we liked.My friend actually asked for an iphone 4 chsrger and the waitress was kind enough to let us use her charger & she even watched it for us while it charged.  This is a great place to go before heading out to the clubds or bars. You can enjoy small dishes and get a littls buzz going before paying $20 for a drink in a popular club.
4	A must on every Vegas trip. We ordered the shrimp, bacon dates, beef salad, escargot & more shrimp & sangrias. Dinner w/ drinks around $70 not bad for the taste and selection.
5	Firefly man I love this place. Food orgy time yet again.  I discovered it via a friends recommendation last time I was in vegas and now it is an essential part to any great vegas vacation. First time to the new location which is a stones throw from the old location. I like the larger size but miss some of the character of the old building. They have a great mojito and a even better happy hour M-F 3-6. Unfortunately the happy hour is only for drinks. I also enjoyed one of my favorite craft beers rouge hazelnut its only 3$ during happy hour.We brought a few friends along and stayed for several drinks and hours. It was definitely one of the highlights of our trip. The standouts wrrr the majitos we had both a pitcher and a few extra glasses. It is a little better in a glass the flavors are better proportioned. The sliders and dates were my two favorite dishes. I really enjoyed the shrimp, empanadas, stuffed mushrooms and firefly fishsticks. The only dish I would pass on was the scallop as they were rather fishy. I feel the best way to experience firefly is with good service,  friends, drinks and great food.
4	A local favorite that has grown to be known by tourist as well. I absolutely love this place. I've tried just about everything on the menu and never been let down. There are some items I simply wouldn't order again but I have never had anything I didn't like. The food comes out very fast! The fresh mojitos and sangrias are also delicious, if you have a group get the pitcher. Only reason I graded a 4 is because of the new location. The old spot seemed more authentic or...idk just a different vibe to it.
5	Very tasty food and excellent people management! We had a booking for 20 people, and as soon as the staff noticed it was a wedding party tequila shots were suggested :) The waitstaff were very patient when dealing with a large number of people and their separate orders for food and drinks. The food itself was delicious and very reasonably priced.
5	The new place is great! Don't know how, but it was even better than the 1st time we went, we tried a lot of tapas, and all were AMAZING! Stuffed dates, patatas bravas. stuffed mushrooms, meatballs, chicken skewers, fries, sardine/anchovie avacado bread, all were so delish! Sangria was out of this world! Banana nutella sandwiches and chocolate tres leches were good, not the best part of the meal, nothing to complain about, but not out of this world.  Our waiter was great also.
3	I was relatively unimpressed. The food was just mediocre, though the portions were great for sharing amongst the 4 of us. Some of the better dishes we had were the shrimp tempura and the beef and mushroom skewers. The calamari would have been better if they had used the same batter as the tempura. We went at an odd hour, so the place was pretty dead, but it's definitely spacious and would be great if they hosted weekly salsa nights or something, I'm not sure if they already do. The staff are very friendly and you can tell they really want you to have a positive experience. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be returning because there are plenty of other great choices in the vicinity.
5	Still the place to go. Food & Service at the bar are great! We love the ambience and has nice music.The dates have always been my favorite and my girl loves the scallops. Finish the night with chocolate tres leches!
5	Maybe they should change the name to phoenix cause this place is reborn.Its nice to see spot like Firefly bounce back from the whole Salmonella disaster last year. Yes people got sick from the food here, will it happen again? Nope. In fact they have a food safety consultant and its probably the safest place in town to eat.I've been slacking on checking out the new location but I finally got to stop by a few days ago. The new location is a building over from their original spot but is probably three times the size. Its a large stand alone building with a big patio, massive bar, and plenty of space for diners and large parties. The new spot captures the look and feel of the original Firefly while expanding a little and establishing itself as its own restaurant. Across from the bar is an open kitchen viewing area/bar which should ease some concerns about food handling and safety.During our visit the service was spot-on. Our server and bussers were on top of refills and had some great recommendations. Keep in mind that the tapas come out in waves not all at once. The food thankfully (unless you had the limited edition Salmonella flavors) is the same. During this last trip we had the mac n cheese, chorizo and chicken stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, and chicken skewers. We also had the chicken and mushroom pallela, kind of like a gumbo without the shrimp, this thing can easily feed 3 to 4 people. All of the dishes were as delicious as before and I recommend checking out all of them. I think their raised their prices on the pitchers of mojitos but its still worth it especially if you are stopping by during happy hour.Its great to see people give Firefly a second chance, and I commend the restaurant on making some substantive changes.
4	Right off the strip, this place is a great place to get a meal away from the over priced, commercialized eateries on the blvd. They have a great selection of tapas, a full bar, and plenty of seating for large parties.I tried: bacon wrapped dates.  AMAZINGcalamari-pretty good, but the dipping sauce could of been better.Ahi tuna tartar- with bits of avocado. Sliders- tasty!Machego Mac n cheese- probably the best thing I had there.Spicy beef salad-I wish they used other greens beside the iceberg lettuce, and the beef could of been more tender.Sangria- good, get the pitcher!
4	I heard bad things about this place, but don't listen!!! It's was amazing, went with friends and we each ordered something different. Best thing was the artichoke toast. Loved it!!! The sangria was also incredible. It had apples which are my favorite! Defiantly gonna come back.
5	Oh wow!  Choco tres leches.  Brought 1/2 dozen buddies with me and we all had a blast, everyone was impressed.  Each dish was better than the last.  We'll definitely be back next month.
5	A friend of mine was in town and I took her here based on the yelp reviews.  It was my first time as well and I had high expectations based on the reviews.  This place did not disappoint!  The food and the drinks were fantastic!  We ordered a pitcher of sangria to split.  So yummy!  I just kept drinking more and more....They have this amazing garlic bread to start, with some sort of sweet butter.  AMAZING!  It was addicting and I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing.  In addition, my friend and I ordered the firefly fries, steak and mushroom skewers, and ham and cheese croquets.  All of the dishes were phenomenal.  They have a lot of different options for tapas and they all sounded so good but we had to stop after 3 since we were getting real full. The service was also great.  Our server always came by to check on us and our glasses were always filled.  This place looks to be a great place for groups to eat and drink together.  We came around 7:45-8pm and were seated right away.  It wasn't too busy.  However, as the night went on, it seemed to start getting really busy and louder around maybe 9pm with a lot more groups.  Something to keep in mind.I can't wait to come back here and take my husband so we can try some more tapas (looking forward to trying their paella)...and so I can drink more of that delicious sangria of course ;)
5	Everything we ordered was absolutely fabulous. Food was served very quickly, excellent service. Loved the atmosphere!
5	What a great place!!  Let me just say the service was exceptional.  The food delicious we tried so many different ones it was great would definitely recommend it to everyone and try everything we just about did!!
5	This was an late night choice after an event at the Hard Rock Hotel~ a little timid after the issues over the summer....but the worries were for not~     GREAT HOSTESS~ friendly & personal it was a bit noisy and she did try to seat in a more quieter area.     SUPER SERVER~ Jessica, I think. Very helpful and personable and even tho it was late she was friendly. We ordered the garbanzo beans, FRICKIN INCREDIABLE!!!!!! More addicting that BBQ Potato Chips for me~ just DEEELISH! Ordered the dates, husband ate those said they were quite good. These are highly recommended on Yelp! The chicken Tinga Empanadas also FAB! And the sliders all . The Machego Mac & cheese disappointing, try something else as they have numerous options.    DEFINATLY will return, however the location on Eastern is more convenient from home for us.
4	Once again awesome tapas and sangria!  All for the same price as three margaritas at the Jose Cuervo  airport bar.  I love the new location!  I hope the kitchen issues are behind you firefly!
2	Id give a 1 star if the food wasnt so delicious here. thats why im giving two. The service was horrible. came here for a going away party last week and we were sat in the middle of the room at a long table. My boyfriend and I were a little late so we asked the hostess if she sat any big parties, who ever she was texting on her phone was obviously waaay more important then we were so we found our party ourselves. once at the table it took us 15 minutes to be able to order drinks. I ordered my usual scotch and soda, never being asked what scotch i wanted, but i assumed they would just give me their well scotch. was i wrong about that... but we will go over that once i tell you about our bill.our drinks finally arrive about 10 minutes later, i ordered water as well so i reminded the server when he dropped off our drinks. Our water never came, even after reminding him a 3rd time.The food was amazing, as usual. We had the heirloom salad, padron peppers, artichoke toasts, ceviche, ahi poke, and we split the spicy shrimp. (i obviously took a break from veganism for a night) The heirloom salad is freaking amazing, ive never had such a great salad. Once getting our bill, we noticed i was charged for Macallan 12. For all my scotch drinkers that are reading this, it is a crime to mix Macallan 12 with soda.. If you cant just drink it straight, just admit to yourself that you are by no means a scotch enthusiast.  And with a price of $14 (i think?) a drink, we werent too thrilled. On top of everything the tip was already included, and we werent told this. So for horrible service we ended up tipping double. On our way out the same hostess was still on her phone texting away. If we didnt live in Veer Towers and were so close to this location we would never return. You would figure with all the bad press this restaurant has endured they would step up their customer service.
1	Great cocktails but bad service.  Sat at the bar and pretty much had the menu thrown at me. It took about ten minutes for the bar tender to notice me after I had a chance to review the menu. It was my first time there and probably my last. Sucks because I was really excited about going there.
2	I haven't been here since they moved and I always enjoyed Firefly. A 30 min wait on a Friday was not bad and we were taken to a table within this time frame. We sat and it took  a bit for a server to come over so we made some food decisions before ordering a drink. Finally ordering a mojito it was brought back to the table with the worst sour taste to it. A new one was made with no issues and it was a little better. -The food itself was up and down. The fries are always good and the Serrano ham and cheese plate was excellent. The clams with chorizo were bad, the clams weren't cleaned and there was grit in the dish along with broken pieces of shell. The Tierra y mare skewers which are my favorite were so salty I wiped them off with a napkin! just a nightmare.- service may be the worst. Waiting on drinks and trying to reorder food is like waiting in line at the DMV but with alcohol. Most of the staff was busy talking to a friend who sat at a big booth and sipped water for an hour while other parties waited to be seated. It was nice to see someone was being waited on.
4	Came here twice so far and every time I am blown away at how well the sangria is and the tapas!Definitely try the sangria. Some tapas recommendations:-bacon wrapped dates-ceviche-Steak and mushroom skewers-Shrimp and pork skewers-stuffed mushrooms-mac n' cheeseI'm sure the other selections are great. I'd definitely come back to try more.Also, free valet! =]one recommendation: They could tone down the outside music or maybe try a more intimate/romantic ambiance.
4	This place is always fun. The sangria is great and the food is different than most other restaurants. It's one of my go to stops when Im in Vegas.
5	Now that it has moved, I must write a new review. I just love this place! I am sad that I have moved so it is out of my way so I can't make my weekly happy hour trips, but I have been able to visit a few times and I have had great experiences. The food and drinks were just as good as the old location as was the service. I love that the new location is much bigger and more modern, although I do miss the dark romantic ambiance the old location had, but the bigger the restaurant is that means the less of a wait so I'm happy about that! Also, valet is a HUGE plus as the last location's parking situation was horrible. Some of my favorites I order every time I have been here and never disappoint are the stuffed peppers, pulpo asado and camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp, I may have totally spelled that wrong but at least I tried LOL). Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
4	What a great place for a large group party. I came here for a friend's rehearsal dinner and had a fantastic time. We had the private room and 'it was just cozy and intimate. I enjoyed the various tapas that were ordered. The highlight for me was the chorizo clams, mac n cheese, and the steak. That steak hit the spot. It was cooked a perfect medium rare. I don't know if I was famished or just jet lagged but that steak was gooood.The sangria was very light and very dangerous. I shared a pitcher with my friend and we totally destroyed it. I went with the sparking white sangria and later on the classic red. Thank goodness for cab service!!The service was spot on considering how many people were present (about 20 ppl).I had a great time with my friends. I highly recommend it.
5	Cute but flavorful tapas plates. Great service for low price (relatively speaking)!
3	Consistently terrible service every time I go but the food is always amazing so I keep going back. I think I'm done though. We didn't see our server for pretty much the whole meal except when it was time to get our check. Once we put our payment in the card he was suddenly there to grab it and get us out of there but when we needed to order more or get refills he was no where to be found. It wouldn't have been so bad except things like this happen EVERY SINGLE TIME we go there. It might have to do with the fact that I'm young and they think I don't tip well but I work in the industry and tip at least 20% every time. I'm not coming back ever again.
4	I brought a visiting girlfriend here not too long after this location moved and I had to come clean with her about the place's summer debacle with the health department. I saw her eyes pop out of her head, but she calmed down once I reassured her that this venue came back with a clean bill of health. And let's be completely honest - after a complete PR meltdown with a grip of guests falling sick, the place can't afford another screw up, so it's probably more paranoid about sanitation than a mom in a daycare center. We came just in the nick of time for happy hour and grabbed a couple of glasses of sangria before ordering usual staples like stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and steamed mussels. All a big win in our book, plus the service was fast but not at all rushed. Firefly is a great place to grab a drink and a few small bites, or to order a lot of dishes and sample everything. You know, European dim sum! Parking is a bigger fiasco than it was at their original location in that it is now a small lot in the back, so consider yourself warned!
5	Oh man.... this new building and location is amazing. It's huge! Relative to the old location that they had overgrown years ago, this place is the size of Costco. But the best thing is their food is still nothing short of Yelp 5-star quality. Service is solid to! While I do miss the old location in terms of number of parking spots and small cozy feel, this place is much more suited to the amount of volume they do.
4	This place is worth checking out. It provides a comforting & spacious atmosphere plus delicious tapas & sangria. Come with a group and order many items collectively so that everyone can try a multitude of dishes (as one would at a dim sum restaurant). I recommend the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, lamb, skewers with filet mignon/shrimp/ chorizo, fries, octopus/potato dish, mac n cheese, and of course the red sangria :) Service was good. Expect around a total of $30/person in order to leave very satisfied.
4	We ordered the tuna skewers with mango and ginger so delicious but small portions. I get it its tapas, so by virtue it's small portions but why do they give you a huge feeding the 5,000 serving of fries and an anorexics dole for everything else? Like the dates they were delicious but they really didn't  give enough for the price. We also got the escargo style scallops. Those were my favorite in a lemon butter garlic sauce!! I'd say go but be prepared to spend more then you'll feel ecstatic about. The sangria was on special though so I can't hate :)
4	Great affordable tapas!I love their sparkling sangria and their honey almond butter. I ate two platefuls of it this time around. My go-to's are the the tuna tartare and the mixed paella. Make sure you order the paella early on so you don't have to wait too long. This time we had Jaime serving our table along with our main server and he was amazing. Someone give him a promotion! He never let me see the bottom of my water glass and that is very rare. He even stopped another server from taking away my lemon wedges because he knew I wasn't done with them. Good food, good prices.
3	I was disappointed by this restaurant -- it did not live up to the reviews.  It is true that this is an affordable tapas restaurant, but the food was just ok.  It wasn't horrible.  But nothing was really a wow.
4	My favorite meal yet in vegas:) I could have thrown a dart blindfolded at the menu and fully trusted that I would receive an interesting and delicious culinary success. The meal is well paced and the servers are efficient (you get what you pay for). Only drawback? I was there on a Thursday and it was PACKED and very loud. Also, free valet;)
1	Gross... I saw my server outside smoking and walked straight back into the kitchen... I Watched him take plates to be served out to the main room without washing... Good food is one thing, bad cleanliness is another.
2	Food was good, but service was aweful!!! The server was impatient, and did not bring what was ordered. She literally sighed when we asked questions about the menu, and said " we should let her know when we are ready", without answering any question we asked. I won't go back.... Not worth the trouble of crappy parking, bad location, and horrible service! Too bad, potential, but horrible execution.
4	Came here 2 years in a row during CES. Great tapas, everything we ordered was excellent. Stuffed dates were to die for.
3	***Firefly is a decent and not too expensive alternative to the many overpriced Las Vegas restaurants on The Strip; unfortunately, there are some mediocre tapas here to go along with their good tapas and service was poor on my visit***The Strip is filled with overpriced restaurants that churn out mediocre food.  Whether you are going to a fine dining restaurant or a cafe charging fine dining entree prices, chances are you are going to leave the restaurant feeling like you did not get much for your money.  Off The Strip though you will find more local spots and more bang for your buck in good quality and not outrageously pricey restaurants like Lotus of Siam (some may find Lotus of Siam pricey, but it is nothing like the Vegas fine dining spots charging sometimes twice as much as what that restaurant would cost in Los Angeles or other cities).Firefly is off The Strip and it is a local spot.  It is a longstanding tapas restaurant with a huge following and maybe even a bigger menu.  With the big menu, it is not surprising that some dishes shine while others underwhelm.  Here is the rundown:(Anchovy toasts with avocado) I liked these toasts.  It was nice having the flavorful anchovy as well as the creaminess from the fresh avocado.(Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese and smoked almond, red wine reduction) The bacon was crispy and the date was sweet and I liked the blue cheese.  The crunchy almond was kind of odd and I did not like the red wine reduction--unnecessary and it kind of made the bacon wrapped dates overly sugary and soggy if you did not pluck the bacon wrapped dates out of the dish as soon as they came out.(Camarones a la diabla, shrimp, sweet and spicy sauce, grilled bread) The shrimp was nicely cooked and plump and the sauce had a good amount of heat (a little too BBQ sauce-like though)(Artichoke toasts, aioli, basil, pepper) The artichoke hearts were good--not as good as the anchovy toasts but still satisfying.(Heirloom tomatoes, burrata, butter lettuce, basil, balsamic vinaigrette) The heirloom tomatoes were surprisingly juicy for not being in season and the burrata was very creamy (almost as good as the more expensive burrata at Mario Batali's B&B Ristorante in The Venetian / Palazzo).  Unfortunately, the butter lettuce was drenched in balsamic, which made this good green into nothing more than decorative garnish for the plate.(Empanada with pork, red pepper cream cheese and aioli) I am not familiar with empanadas, but I thought these were good.  They have several other types of empanadas available.(Padron Peppers) These flash-fried peppers had a nice light outside skin and some good heat.  They would be a nice addition to many dishes.(Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms) A surprising amount of heat.(Albondigas, meatballs in a sherry and tomato sauce with parmesan) These meatballs were average stuff in a simple tomato sauce.  I would have preferred freshly grated parmesan to the melted parmesan cheese here (which felt like it had been melted a long time ago and had been sitting around for a while).(Camarones al ajillo, shrimp, lemon and garlic butter sauce) The shrimp were fine, but I thought the lemon, butter and scampi-like sauce was just okay.  Still, it was not too heavy or oily (I think many would like it).(Steak and mushroom skewers, filet, roasted garlic cream sauce) I thought these were average; the meat was a tad dry.(Fried calamari) Standard calamari.Desserts were satisfying.  The caramel flan had a good flavor and the right texture and while the ice cream did not have an incredibly creamy consistency, the portion was generous and the flavors were pretty good (chocolate, vanilla, pistachio).  The chocolate tres leches cake definitely had the expected moistness of a tres leches cake as well as a light chocolate flavor.Prices were reasonable.  The food was decent and you do not have to pay the outrageous prices that you have to pay on The Strip.Service was poor.  The staff was pleasant and the food came out at a quick pace, but the staff was not attentive.  After putting in our order, the staff was pretty non-existent so getting drinks and water glasses refilled and receiving the bill took way too long.Firefly has a dark and loud atmosphere.Firefly is a good spot if you want a decent meal in Las Vegas but do not want to pay the typical outrageous Vegas prices.  It reminds me a lot of Long Beach's Cafe Sevilla in terms of menu choices and the quality of the food (though that Long Beach restaurant has much better service).Firefly has its own parking lot (I believe it might be valet parking though).
5	Bacon wrapped around your dates!?......end of review.Came here with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday, the choice was perfect, elegant, clean, affordable and with a menu so intensive anyone would surely find something to their liking. I had the fried calamari, pardon peppers, the dates wrapped in bacon and the paella which was very delicious and loaded with seafood. The peppers were medium to mild but you may end up with a very spicy one, but as Forrest Gumpzalez once said "life is a plate of peppers, you never know which one is going to burn you". I asked the waiter if they could fry the calamari in tempura mix instead of their regular mix and they did which means that everything is made to order and not frozen ready like other places do. I also ordered the sangria and a mojito and they both were perfectly done, a harmonious mixture of fruits and wine made this sangria one of the best I tasted.   Service was great..at the beginning and then it slowly became nonexistent, but to be fair I think we might have overstayed our welcome. I blame it on the sangria. Tip was included on the bill as any establishment would do for parties of 8 or more but we added some more to cover lingering fees.Great times and great food will surely keep me coming for more and if you keep on making good drinks as good as your dates wrapped in bacon, you'll definitely have me wrapped around your sangria for sure.
5	I was fortunate enough to dine here during CES last week. Holeeee moleee it was good. We bought pitchers of the Sangria which was suitable for 3-4 people. Then we started off with the bacon wrapped dates because BACON. My colleague was very eager to try something with Manchengo cheese so we ordered the Manchego Mac & Cheese which was good but I'd pass next time around(not a manchego cheese fan). The pork empanadas were good as well but I'd definitely recommend the steak and mushroom. Nom nom noms.Price was reasonable so if you get a chance dine here!
5	This is a great restaurant to dine or hang out when in Vegas. The menu offers a variety of more of the American-Spanish fusion tapas rather than traditional Spanish tapas.We ordered:5/5 - Camarones a la diabla (shrimp with firely sweet and spicy sauce)  $105/5 - Grilled Scallops $124.5/5 - Steamed mussels $9.503/5 - Seafood paella $20 45 min. wait so order in advance5/5 - Large Salad $12The shrimp and scallops were absolutely flavorful and cooked to perfection.  Even the salad with sun dried tomatoes and roasted peppers was absolutely delicious! Since this is a Spanish tapas restaurant, we decided to try their seafood paella. The paella takes 45 minutes to prepare and for most people, that's not a long wait since the times goes by fairly quickly when people are talking and sampling tapas. Nevertheless, it wasn't very authentic so will skip that next time around.Great service and lively atmosphere. Will definitely return!
4	Really good sangria; food is really good. Nice venue for a party or a small social gathering with friends.
5	Great for Tapas and large groups, or any groups for that matter. You can sit at the bar or make reservation for a table (this place is packed!) and try different food options from the menu, most of them are around $5 and very good!. Loved the bacon wrapped dates and mushrooms and the eggplant, heck loved them all! It's a little off the strip so if this is your first trip to Vegas you won't make it here, but if you want to try something else and have some good food and good time absolutely bookmark this one!
5	I have been here twice, once for a girl's dinner about 4 years back and again recently for a bachelorette dinner with 28 people. The food is tapas style and the prices are really cheap (well, compared to SF and LA tapas prices) for the quality of food. We ordered about 10 different dishes to share between the four of us, along with a pitcher of their sangria (large pitcher for only $28!!) and we were all STUFFED! Our favorite stand out dishes include the scallops "escargot" (juicy scallops in a butter pesto sauce), the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, clams and mussels. I'm sure everything is yummy because there was not a dish I did not enjoy out of the 10 that we shared. This restaurant will be bookmarked for all my future trips to Vegas! It's great for groups or a romantic dinner and food came out hot and fast.
2	I've only been here 3 times in my life and all 3 times the service was terrible. I liked the food so I have it two stars. I will not be returning. And this last time which was last Friday was also the first time in my life I have ever tipped someone less than 20%
5	Story Time - My bro and I were in Vegas for 3 days of golf. We asked the concierge at the hotel to recommend a restaurant in Vegas, not necessarily on the strip. He gave us two to pick from. Battistas www.battistaslasvegas.com/ - "Italian Food" and Firefly "Tapas".   We navigated to the Strip and ended up closer to Battistas.   The smell of the food was great, but there was no ambiance and having Chablis as the included wine was not working for me.  So, I pulled my brother out of there pronto and we drove to Firefly.When we arrived at Firely, we walked in to ambiance and vibe.  Yes, this place had a buzz and I knew I had made the right decision.  No wait on a Monday night, yeah.   Our server was excellent and somehow we merged our picks from the great tapas on the menu for one of the best meals I have ever had.From memory, the following were our choices.Heirloom Tomato Salad  -  One of the best salad dressings (the cheese they use in combination with the balsamic dressing was out of this world good).Risotto Stuffed Peppers - Amazingly simple, but just the kind of Tapas I love.   Ahi Tuna with Mango on skewers -  If there was a flaw in anything, the mangos were a bit unripe, but it was still really good.Lamb Chops -  Small lamb chops.  I do not each red meat, so this was for my bro.  But, I am not religious and had a nibble, they were amazing and the sauce was great.The garlic butter with the bread was so good, I have to mention that too.The food was so amazing, we came back the next night after playing 36 holes of golf.   We were a solid 40 minute drive away, but the food was so good, we had to come back.  Unfortunately, we tried to broaden the orders and made a few choices that were not as good.  Gary ordered the fried calamari, but in hindsight, it is always good and it was not something that stood out with so many other amazing choices on the menu.   In any case, if you are in Vegas, you gotta visit this great spot!
5	Firefly is always a must for me when visiting Vegas. Great food and good prices.The atmosphere is very cool and lounge-like, with low lighting and great music playing. It's right off the strip, but it's more popular for locals, so the vibe is laid back.Now for the food!The salmon toasts, veggie empanadas, and calamari were excellent! I went with my sister and a friend, and we ordered 6 savory apps and 3 desserts to split, and we had plenty of dessert left over. I absolutely recommend the mini cheesecakes and lemon berry tarts for dessert, and the goat cheese and eggplant cannelloni as a starter. The house shandy is an excellent choice of drink; they mix up the traditional beer-and-lemonade cocktail by taking a light Belgian beer, mixing with fresh strawberry bitters, and adding a bit of Amaretto to top it off. So refreshing and so delicious!We always hit up Firefly before a night on the strip; it's a tradition now to make it our first stop to kick off our annual Vegas weekend.
5	Just had dinner here and holy crap totally worth the walk from the Strip. It's a little out here so take a cab, but it's all amazing. We had the Cevacha, fish sticks,  mac and cheese and papas bravas and they were all fantastic. Extremely well priced for the portions served and good service, fast and efficient and our water always came quickly.  Also had mojitos and sangria,  both delicious and strong enough.  Great atmosphere,  a little loud but very nice.  Absolutely Check it out I will come back when I'm in a Vegas.
4	tapas and sangria are always a good time! love the ambiance and bringing friends here for the first time. they have all loved it and returned. the new location is quite larger but still has a great vibe! a few of my favs:apple and manchego salad (green apple, manchego cheese, smoked almonds, lightly dressed)stuffed  dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese)pulpo asado (grilled octopus, potato, tomato, paprika-lemon vinaigrette)albondigas (meatballs in sherry tomato sauce, parmesan)chocolate "tres leches" cakethis is the perfect spot for a date, birthday dinner or just catching up with a friend.  highly recommended you can't go wrong here!
3	I always order red sangria (the best!), bacon wrapped dates (sweet and savory), shrimp ceviche (fresh and light), Mac n cheese, (cheesy and creamy), tres leches (flour less cake soaked in sweet milk! Mmm). I feel better it is a new location.  Our service this last time was extremely delayed.  She also forgot to put in an item. We did not receive it until we finished  eating everything else we ordered.
3	Our business group found Firefly a couple years ago at the old location up the block on Paradise and fell in love with it for entertaining customers. The food and service were outstanding, and the Tapas theme great for having a fun business meal. The place was noisy, but you could still hear each other. However this trip to Firefly we found the restaurant had moved to a new and larger location just about a block up the road, however the building has low ceilings and terrible acoustics, making the once passable noise level for business unacceptable. Also, the tables are really small, so once you seat six or more people, and they start bringing Tapas, there is simply ZERO room to put the food! Unfortunately we will now sadly not return for business meals, but will always go for the Bacon-wrapped Dates!
4	Great food. Mac and cheese and bacon dates unreal.. Great wine. Sat at the bar, nice setup..
4	I'm so happy that Firefly moved and didn't close. I have loved visiting this place as long as I've been coming to Vegas (long time). Their Padron peppers are my favorite menu item and they did not disappoint today! A full plate of peppers flash fried with lemon and sea salt was $5.50 - a really unbeatable price compared to anywhere else. We also had fries with Parmesan seasoning and that's the only plate that at all disappointed me. The serving was very large but the fries were soft and not crispy, even though they were skinny and browned. Lots of yummy shaved cheese though!Husband enjoys the ham and cheese croquetas ($5) and had a soda also (coke $2.50). I tried a new plate this time and went with the chili, lime garbanzo beans (in the shell!) ($4.50) I didn't even know they came in a shell (but it makes sense) so I asked the server what they're like. He compared them to edamame but these little pods were much more difficult to work the beans out of. I liked them a lot but they were a lot of work for too little reward. The new restaurant is wonderful. Much bigger and still a great location. There is parking in the back, but if you miss the driveway on the way in, be sure to not park in the subsequent parking lot, as we were told they are happy to tow you.$25.41 for amazing tapas for two
5	Fun atmosphere. Good food. Free parking. (Free valet) They moved a heater towards us because we sat outside. That was very nice of them. Inside the restaurant at 7pm on Friday night was pretty loud. If you want to go somewhere to have a meaningful conversation you might want to go elsewhere depending on the time and day you go there. The food looked and tasted great. I'm definitely going back there again.
4	So much fun! This was my first time here, and I'm glad my friend made a reservation because this place was packed! I enjoyed the white sangria more than the red, but both were good. I'm told the champagne sangria is great and I will probably get it next time. I came here with my husband and 5 friends, this place is great for a group, because you can try many of there tapas this way. The bacon wrapped dates were my husband's favorite, and the group as a whole. I really loved the apple manchego salad, it was surprising how much I enjoyed it. It was so fresh, crisp, and nutty. I will definitely get it next time. The filet was delicious, I thought the Mac n cheese was just ok. The mushroom pastries were lightly crispy, but the saucy mushrooms on top we're just ok. Calamari good, stuffed peppers yummy. Padron peppers that were flash fried were a table favorite, I thought they were good but I might have enjoyed them more with more lemon. Was impressed with the stuffed mushrooms which was disappointing. The heirloom tomato salad wasn't very good. The butter lettuce, vinagrette, and tomatoes were yummy, but the creamy cheese they slathered on top was just too much. It overwhelmed the dish and ruined it for me. All in all I'm extremely excited to go back. I will definitely be getting Sangria (get the pitcher), filet, apple salad, dates, and stuffed red peppers again. Hopefully I'll leave some room to try some new things and dessert! I took away a star because our waitress was kind of snobby, and seemed to be in a "wish I was anywhere but here" kind of mood. I'm assuming because we were in a group, they automatically added gratuity, and I don't think she was very deserving of it. Having been a waitress, I completely understand adding gratuity to parties (I wish they did that when I worked at Applebee's'), but I feel that some waiters take advantage of that and slack on service. I will return though!
5	Awesome food and better service! Just happened to stop by because it was close to our hotel and so glad we did! My wife and I both had the petite filet and it was better than some of the five star places we went. The scallops were also awesome! Very cool atmosphere it is a little loud though. We didn't mind, just wanted to mention that it isn't the best place for a quiet date. You can find people dressed up for a bachelor/bachelorette party or just in jeans. Cool place with great food and service!
1	Poor service. Over charged. Management and staff not willing to resolve a clear over charge.
4	Went 2x while in Vegas. Had almost everything on the extensive menu. They were fast with the food but it didn't taste like it had been pre made or sitting in a warmer. Very reasonably priced!My favorite dishes were the bacon wrapped dates, ceviche and potatoes. Great choice for an off the strip late night dining experience.
5	If your in need of lunch and your at the convention center and you can't  eat convention food. Walk here, takes 15 minutes as a casual walk. Small plate tapas menu. Sangria is served. Same side of the street as the convention show
3	I must admit that I was a bit weary to dine here given that they were shut down in the past due to severe food poisoning, but a really good friend wanted to eat here and since it was her celebration and ultimately her decision, I went along with it. Another friend, who was also part of the group that ate with me, came here on her birthday and had nothing but great things to say about this location and she didn't get sick from it then. The parking was a bit confusing. Up front they have a valet area and in the back of the restaurant is self park. When entering the lot, there was no indication that the back parking lot is self park. Here is where I got confused--normally the parking in the front is reserved for self park and valet is sectioned off somewhere in the back. So I thought that the back parking was reserved for valet. I decided to valet my car since I couldn't figure out parking and it was just easier for me to drop my car off. When the valet parked my car in front of the restaurant, I thought that was interesting that I valeted my car to have it within walking distance. We had reservations already made so we didn't wait at all for our table. Right from the start, our server came by and asked us if we wanted anything to drink and since we were still waiting on one more, we just asked for water for the meantime. We also placed an order of paella since that takes awhile to cook and we thought it wise to get it started. Other dishes ordered were the shrimp ceviche and calamari. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria for the table. Reasons for the 3 stars:-parking could be better indicated for first time guests-the paella said it could serve 2-4 people. This could be true if more tapas are ordered along with it, but we ordered it as if it was the main dish. When I imagine paella, I think of a big serving of it!-the shrimp in the ceviche were whole. I'm used to ceviche being cut up in smaller pieces and I've had better ceviche at taquerias-it wasn't as busy as it could be, but we still had to wait around and ask for our check several minutes after they cleared our tableI would come here again to try other stuff on the menu. Maybe next time with better knowledge of the place I'll have a different experience. For my first time there I would say that it was ok, but it wasn't spectacular.
5	Love this place!!! Me and my husband went here for an early dinner one week and were so happy with the service the food and even the prices. A friend was telling me how this restaurant was once shut down for health violations but don't panic its under new ownership :) Our waitress was a super friendly women who checked in on us often and let us order as we go. Not something I recommend if your really hungry, the food did take a little longer coming out then I had hoped.And its best to come with friends and share you plate.But I do recommend that you order the desert platter its to die for!
4	I really enjoy this restaurant! I have been here twice so far and I really enjoy the vibe here... metro yet relaxed and chic. Valet parking is in the front and self park is in the back, which I think is weird. I wasn't sure if I was allowed to park back there but there was nowhere else to go. It would've been helpful to have a self park sign of some sort. Both times I've come here I had the calamari, which I love and the red sangria which is also excellent. I don't think I will ever come here and not get the sangria! I will probably try something else on the menu next time along with the calamari. My only gripe is that it took the server a while to get us our check. Maybe they were a bit short staffed, not sure. Other than that, another good time at Firefly! People get concerned when I tell them I've eaten here because of the past outbreak, but that doesn't bother me.
5	Sangria, Sangria!Along with many of the other places, Firefly is bomb.com!  Definitely a place you can come with a party...to party.  With awesome food, service and ambiance, a good time is to be had!No matter how many people you come with, you can expect them to enjoy their experience.  Don't worry about ordering, everyone can order something different and pass the plates around.  A favorite of mine is patatas bravas, veggie empanada, firefly fries, and mac n cheese.  That mac n cheese I won't share.  Get your own, you won't regret it. Along with the food, the drinks are tasty too.  Can't go wrong with sangria.  Red sangria is really good.  If you plan to have more than 1 drink, order a pitcher.Service here, I hate to say, could be better.  My friends and I were seated right away, but service after that was slowww. And we were sitting at the bar, where someone is always there.  We ordered through someone other than our waiter, because he was a lil too busy.  But other than that, I enjoyed myself.Fridays at 10:30pm is Latin night.  Salsa! So much fun.  I love watching the really experienced dancers.  The fluidity of their movements is amazing.  Some of them incorporating flips and special turns in their routines.  And they all switch partners.  Don't be surprised if someone come to you while your dancing.
5	Great locals spot, I love anywhere you can share your food. I recommend the spicy shrimp, scallops in garlic butter, filet, dates and ahi tuna tartare.  I also love their blood orange mojitos.  Fun place to go with friends and just off the strip, without the price of the strip.
4	Yummy food and variety! Caters to both vegetarians and nonvegetarians. For nonveggies, I recommend the grilled scallops, bacon wrapped dates, chicken empanadas and the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. For veggies, the patatas bravas, mac n cheese, and the parmesan fries were my favorite. Those fries were just amazing - very well seasoned! And the red sangria was better than the white but definitely not the best I've had. The ambience was great - djm with red and black decor, which matched perfectly with our bachelorette party attire theme of red and black :) only downside was that it's off the strip and it was a pain getting a taxi from there. May want to get a taxi number and call them in advance.
3	I was really excited to try this place out after checking out the menu. The decor is quirky and artsy, and I saw rave reviews about some of the dishes and the sangria. I was with a large group for work, so we literally ordered the whole menu. Here's my takeaway. Hot: Tuna tartare, artichoke toastsMild: Shrimp tempura, camarones al ajilloCold: Ahi tuna skewers (not great flavor)My favorite parts of the meal were the sangria and the dessert. Not that alcohol and dessert being the favorite part of a meal would be surprising, but that was definitely the high point of the day. The cheesecake and the flan was great from the dessert platter, and the banana nutella sandwiches were delightful.Based on the prices, small quantities of food, and bland flavor, I probably wouldn't put this high on my Vegas to-do list. There were definitely a few plusses for me, but overall it was a bigger miss.
4	Three things:-stuffed dates-lamb-chocolate tres leches. (I want to live off this)The BEST items on the menu guaranteed and at great prices. The smoked salmon on toast was alright. Could've bought some at the store and taste exactly the same. Service was ok. Our waiter seemed to forget a few things and we had to keep reminding him about the same item about three times but got it when we were done with everything else.  Atmosphere had beautifully dimmed lighting inside but so crowded and loud you could barely hear the person sitting next to you (on weekends).My best friend and I ordered about 7 items and spent about $75. I would definitely come back.
4	I love this spot!!! My girl loves the Sangria, and you can't go wrong with the Paella. They kill it. Service isn't 100% though, had to ask a few times for some things. Otherwise good spot.
4	Oh my gosh, SO good! I got the bacon-wrapped dates that everyone was talkin' about and they are orgasmic! I also ordered the shrimp ceviche - yum! The avocados were so fresh. Lastly, the veggie samosa, which was decent, not great. My boyfriend got the filet mignon sliders; I had a bite and they were so tender and juicy! His machego mac and cheese was just alright; that kind of cheese is too mild, in my opinion, for mac and cheese. A very enjoyable out-of-the-ordinary meal for Valentines Day! We had to wait for a table, but that's to be expected given the holiday. Service was pretty good; they were very attentive. I will probably be back!
3	We have been wanting to try this place the last couple times we've come out to Vegas..   We had three adult diners. Really wanted to like this place but we all came away thinking it was just OK. Very noisy. Could not really even converse with one another. Our waiter, Ivan, the hostess, the manager and the rest of the staff were great, very professional. The food was not bad, nor was the pitcher of sangria. Its just that nothing was great
5	My go-to-place when friends visit from out of town.  Bacon wrapped dates, ham & cheese croquetas, shrimp diablo and blood orange mojitos are personal favs.
5	Amazing food! Enough for easily three people to share! We stopped here on a whim and were blown away by atmosphere and food. The portions are tasty and filling. We tried four small plates and the main entree of rice, chicken , mushrooms, veggies. That plate took forty minutes to make but the others started coming out quick and hot. We were starting to get full when the main dish came out! Great place I will be back!
5	My favorite place off the strip. I had the red sangria, bacon wrapped dates, mac n cheese, lamp chops, and empanadas. ALL were very good.
3	We flew in & were looking for something little to eat. We found this place & were excited to try it after reading the reviews ESP about the stuffed dates! We sat down & I bet it took a server ten mins to greet us. We were not only ready with our drink order, but our food order. I had their house infused vodka martini & my husband a Moscow mule. Mine was watered down, remade (I mean stirred as the server said) & then it tasted like cough medicine. My husbands mule he said was good. We ordered the stuffed dates, stuffed peppers, flashed fried patron peppers, roasted pork Empanada, & scallops escargot. The stuffed dates were fine, but not amazing along with everything else except the stuffed peppers....they were good! So I would not go back, but at the end of things they did take off my martini even without asking. I like that, that's the way you want a restaurant to do business! Of course we never did figure out who our server was...we saw three & never one consistently.
5	I really like the new location they moved to on Paradise!  The previous one was just TOO SMALL!  There was a time when I was eating here a couple nights a week.  It's great for any size group.  I sometimes stop in and have lunch there on my own.  I just can't stay away!
3	The food is fantastic however you do have to choose carefully as some of the food is worth the price for what you get and some is not.Overall though the food is great and the drinks are great.  The service last night was not as great, it was very busy and they were definitely unable to handle the non stop crowd coming into this location.One table behind us, the lady was yelling SIR at a worker who passed our table and they were totally ignored.  They waited another 5 minutes until our waiter came around to get what they wanted.I cannot fault the food and drink for the lousy service last night.  Hopefully the management recognizes the amount of traffic they get from the strip and will do a better job at making sure they are properly staffed.  One last example of the poor service.  We were seated outside and after about 2 to 3 minutes (not bad) someone brought us a plate of bread, however a drink order was not taken and it took the server another 5 minutes to come to our table and take a drink order.  We also ordered food which came pretty fast however, we placed another order of Ribs and a to go order and the waiter forgot about our order.  It took 15 minutes to get that order.  I don't know if he forgot to place the order or if he kept forgetting to go get it and it kept going to another table.  Either way, the service had a LOT to be Desired last night.
4	Great tapas! The atmosphere was up scale causal. It is just off the strip so it was easy to get to and had a bit more relaxed atmosphere. Favorite dishes were the scallops escargot and rib eye.
4	THINGS I LOVEDArtichoke Toasts: (hearts, aioli, basil, pepper) I couldn't get enough of these. Definitely do yourself a favor and order yourself a handful...for yourself alone lol Very generous chunk of an artichoke heart on a little soft toast. Really thought the use of a non-toasted piece of bread was genius. Stuffed Dates: (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese) Like candy for adults that kids would probably enjoy too.Scallop "Escargots": (scallops baked in garlic-herb butter) Don't be fooled or worried, depending on how you feel about snails, but there are no escargots in this dish. I believe the name comes from the traditional escargot plate it's served in. Either way, it was delicious. That garlic-herb butter, I must have the recipe. Very balanced, not overly buttery and a beautiful blend of herbs. THINGS I LIKEDBaby-back Ribs: (mango BBQ sauce) These ribs are better the next day. Either I coincidently picked the one rib that wasn't off-the-bone tender that night or something else but I thought the flavor was subdued. Not the next day, full of flavor. (Maybe I had so much to eat that my tongue got flavor profile overload?)Paellea Mixed/Seafood: (shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari, chicken or tilapia, chorizo, and vegetables) We ordered both the mixed and seafood. Only difference is the chicken or tilapia. Honestly, I don't think you'll even notice because it's not like they give you large portions of either meat choice but the paella also was not that great when I ate it at the restaurant but the next day it was a recovering hangover's best friend. I will say, it says it feeds 2-4 but that's if you order this and only this. We ordered thirteen different varieties and multiples of each plate so by the time the paella came out, 40 minutes later, we didn't even finish one paella plate and we had a group of 12. Camarones a la diabla: (shrimp, sweet and spicy sauce, grilled bread) Flavor was good but very strong. I would pair it with rice if I could.Serrano Sliders: (mini burgers with Serrano ham, cabrales blue cheese, crispy onions) Another good drinking/hangover meal.Sangria: Flavor and wine-full lolTHINGS I WOULD PASSTuna Tartare: (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, sesame dresing, taro chips) The tuna was fresh, I'll give them that, but you'll definitely need to add a little citrus juice to kick up the taste. To me, served as-is, it was on the mellow side with the star of the show being the taro chips. I didn't know you could fry taro root.Steamed Mussels: (steamed in white wine heirloom tomato, garlic, herb butter with Parmesan crostini) I would definitely pass on this dish. A bit lackluster and the mussels are so small. For almost 10 bucks, it was disappointing.Ham and Cheese Croquetas: (Serrano ham, manchego cheese, aioli) Filler food. You should order something else with more flavor than waste space in your stomach for I say. They weren't bad, just tasted like potatoes. Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms: my least favorite order. No flavor, all I could taste was mushroom. Boring zzzFirefly Fries (parmesan, herbs, aioli) So SALTY. Could not eat more than two but other people liked them.
4	After FireFly had their little health code shut down i thought I'd never be back, but they turned it around and have the best Sangria and awesome tapas for cheap which make for a great meal. The stuffed dates and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were most memorable dishes of the 10 or so we tried. Every dish was quickly served and  flavored to perfection. if you've never been its amazing and for return visitors the newly remodeled Firefly makes for an impressive venue for a date or just a casual hangout with good friends. awesome job!
5	Firefly has set my standards for a great tapas bar really high! I have yet to find a tapas place in LA with food, atmosphere, and pricing as great as this place! If your going to be on the strip this has got to be one of your stops for a girls night or dinner date trust me everyone will be thanking you later!Atmosphere is fun and flirty here! Love the accents of red and the lighting, service was also really good- our waitress was very accommodating and despite how busy they were her service stayed considerably great throughout the night. Sangria!!!! About every table had a bottle so we knew it was good, we got both the red and white fruit sangria- I preferred the red but both were bomb! I really can't wait to try their Mojitos next time :).The tapas here are 5 stars worthy and the price just can't be beat!!!! Love that each person can order a few things to try something different. It was perfect for a large group because it ensured that everyone would find something they liked & the tapas style makes people more open to sharing lol. Recommend: - the mussels in their broth are outstanding, everyone was jealous they missed ordering this one, it's definitely a meal within itself bc you won't be able to resist dunking your bread into it.- calamari was good, great dipping sauce.-ahi tuna tartar was fresh & light_clearly there are so many things on the menu id say almost everything looked worth trying once!
5	Bomb dot com!! Good food good drinks and live Latin music! Super hip, super trendy and good vibes!! Good for groups. Good for dates. Good for a big ass group of dates! Haha! Salsa dancers come and get down!!
4	Ate at this new location once before I moved, but I used to frequent the spot that closed due to problems and have been to the Sahara location, this one is better. Firefly is awesome for drinks w/ friends, a date, or whatever. This place does tapas right. Many interesting choices and great cocktails. There's quite a lot to choose from, so you'll probably be back again. My favorites are the coconut mussels, fish sticks, and tuna stuffed peppers. There are many other notable items, including hot/cold options featuring shrimp, beef, chicken, fish, etc. Their drinks are the best I've had. I'm a beer girl, so when I order sangria or a pomegranate mojito, you know something is up. Prices are reasonable. I love the ambiance and the service is always good here. It's better here than at Sahara, for some reason, so come here if you have the option.
4	i'm a big fan of firefly I love the food, the cocktails, and the atmosphere. The food here is tapas style so small plates. The prices per plate run from $5 to about $10 dollars each with a few larger priced entrees such as the paella. Their also known for their sangria and I personally recommend the sparkling sangria over the other two. The atmosphere here would be considered trendy and tends to be on the loud side but as long as you know that going in its no problem. If you go on a friday or saturday night expect service to be a little bit less than stellar because of the sheer number of people in the joint.  Some of their stand out dishes would be the bacon wrapped dates, the ham and cheese croquetas and the manchego mac & cheese.
5	Wow, what a fun restaurant!  Being from out of town, I was told by many people to take a little adventure off of the strip and go try it out.  What a great decision.The menu is tapas style, which is basically my favorite thing in the entire world.  I mean, you can get so many different flavors and varieties (each at around $6 or something) all while appreciating the ambiance and fun atmosphere!Our table ordered the big bowl salad to start, followed by the stuffed dates (AMAZING! GET THESE!!!), spicy beef salad, manchego mac 'n' cheese, ahi tuna skewer, camarones a la diabla, sliders, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, merguez, firefly fries, and we all shared the seafood paella.  Everything....EVERYTHING....was wonderful! This sounds like a lot of food, but keep in mind that it is tapas style.. Between 7 girls, it came out to be like 2-4 bites per dish!  They were perfect for sharing!  Also, our server was spectacular and everything was served relatively quickly, given the restaurant was packed!Oh, try their blackberry and raspberry infused vodka and/or a pitcher of the blood orange mojitos.  Trust me, you will love.This will be one of the first stops when I go back to Vegas!!
5	Since moving to Las Vegas 6 months ago, I have gone here more times that I care to admit. I have tried almost everything on the menu and am NEVER let down! This is a great place to go with friends because everybody will find something they like on their massive menu. It's affordable, easy to get in even on a weekend night, and just an all around great atmosphere. Plus you can sit outside at night under strings of lights and heat lamps - it really doesn't get better than that!Menu Highlights:Stuffed DatesMac n' CheeseStuffed PeppersSerrano SlidersPadron PeppersBaked TequilaTuna Tar Tar
3	Like most people I was a little nervous to consume food here again but I also think once an establishment has been caught doing the unsanitary things that they are guilty of that that they are now on their best behavior.  Firefly's new space is larger often making it look like it doesn't ever get crowded.  I also appreciate the fact that unlike the old location you can actually have conversations here without yelling or feeling like you are sitting on top of each other.  I have now been here for a private function in a back room, sat at the bar for apps and drinks and most recently for a birthday celebration.  I've never had a problem with service.  The dates used to be my favorite but this last visit they just seemed watered down and I don't think I will order them again.  The mango ribs, however, are a must order.
4	This little hidden gem is found right outside the strip.  The service was amazing, the food was AMAZING!! We will definitely dine here again when we come back for another Vegas trip! Everything was so fresh!  Pictures are posted for some of the amazing dishes we enjoyed that afternoon!
4	Will keep this short and sweet. Great place to get either small plates or even an entree. Wanted to try to Paella but ordered so many of the small plates didn;t have room. I was with friends and we all ordered and shared stuff. We loved everything we ordered. Some small plates are priced ok and others a little high. I like this location over the old one. Much bigger, more room, nice bar. Will be a regular here.
4	Ahh! One of my favorite places EVER.Every time we come here I get Sangria.  They have red, white, and sparkling.  They are all delicious, but I think sparkling is my favorite.  **Half off pitchers of sangria during happy hour!They bring you complimentary bread with almond butter.  AMAZING!! Seriously. I would order this stuff if it wasn't given.  We always ask for another order.My top 3 tapas are the firefly fishsticks, the ham & cheese croquetas, and the salmon toast.  I was really excited for the parmesan fries, but they aren't very good.  I have tried them twice and both times they were soggy and bland.  I also really like the babyback ribs (with mango BBQ sauce), the lamb chops, the petit filet mignon, and the fruit & cheese platter.My boyfriend loves that they have Pacifico here.  He loves the stuffed peppers, bacon wrapped dates, and the tierra y mar skewers.I like that this place is tapas style that way we can get a wide assortment of food.  I'd suggest getting at least 3 dishes per person as they are pretty small.We have tried a couple desserts here but weren't very fond of them.  Last time we tried the flan.  We have had the banana nutella sandwiches twice and both times they were made differently.  The first time they were delicious.  They were fritters stuffed with bananas and strawberrys in them and nutella on top.  Last time we went they were literally nutella sandwiches, which we can make at home.  I don't know why they were different.. Maybe because the fritter styled ones were at the Sahara location?  But no more desserts for us, we'll just stick to the tapas.Service is usually pretty good.  The food comes out as it is prepared.  We will continue being repeat customers.
5	Best tapas in Las Vegas. Too bad they dont have this restaurant in OC! Scallop escargot, tuna tartare and bacon wrap dates are my fav.  The New Girl drink was sooooo good and refreshing!
5	Gooooood foood! Great atmosphere good for group get togethers or even a date :) and also excellent service
5	Great food. We ordered a variety of selections and it was all good including the deserts
5	Loved every damn minute. Third time here, no disappointments- from the hostess to the valet, all dedicated and on point. We will be back tomorrow and every other visit to Vegas.
4	Hey in life everyone deserves a second chance. I remember before moving to Vegas I read an article about a restaurant that received the worst nightmare it could have as an establishment. Like everyone else who searches a business on Yelp, of course we look for the negative or 1 star reviews. Aren't we all entertained by bad press? Fast forward my friend randomly took me out the first week I moved here.to a salsa night. The meals that night were pretty fantastic I must say. Loved the Sangria and all was well until my friend mentioned about the history of the restaurant.. then BAMMMM! In my mind I was thinking "No F*in way this is the restaurant I read about in the paper?!... You bring me HERE!?" Good times. Any who, I've been here maybe a handful of times since then and I haven't been disappointed thus far. Most of the time I don't order myself so I can't give any recommendations except for the awesome sangria and comped bread with orange butter. There is a latin night on Fridays and it's pretty neat. I prefer the old school salsa dancing and they play a few here and there but it's mostly merengue, cumbia, and latin electronic music (it exists folks). I'd definitely go back.. sometimes through failure companies can figure out what went wrong and ensure it doesn't happen again. Business is going well.. so either they got it together or we just love Firefly to not care!
4	Very good service and flavors. A full menu. Perhaps a bit noisy.
5	Smack dab beside our humble hotel, Marriott version, the Firefly was a taste and cultural treat. Our drinks, house Shandy and a Cherry Mule, delicious different and just right after long flight. Small plates includes spicey steak salad which was a palate explosion and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Tres leches were a wonderful ending.  Best way to finish was watching some salsa dancers on the front patio. So cool!
5	We went here with a large group. Even though the restaurant was very busy we were seated within 20 minutes, no reservation. We were not in a hurry, but were very happy with their ability to accommodate us quickly. The atmosphere is swanky and fun. The staff nice and very knowledgable. It was our first time trying a tapas restaurant, the menu is quite extensive giving us many choices. We tried the sangria, was excellent. The white was a little too sweet to drink a lot of, but was very good. Most in our party preferred the red. We ordered to share as a group, so we made a rule that if someone before you ordered an entree you could not order the same thing. Doing it that way allowed us to try many different things. Fun! When the food came we passed it around the table family style. They filled our extensive order accurately and with a great flow, well timed so we were not overwhelmed or ever waiting. The prices are affordable, the food is flavorful and varied (everyone can find something that fits their taste), the drinks are yummy and the ambiance is unique and perfect for a group looking to celebrate or an intimate date. Don't leave without trying the filet mignon or bacon wrapped dates, they are fantastic.
3	I'm one of the lucky ones...I ate here twice back in the day, and never had an issue or any negative repercussions.  In fact, we really enjoyed it.Now, I'm simply afraid to return...
5	Any time I go to Vegas, I eat at a Firefly location. I am a sucker for tapas and they do a great job at it. The wait staff really made us feel at home and was very patient with a few members of our party being late. The food is amazing, the drinks well stocked and the atmosphere is sheer fun. Looking forward until the next time.
4	Even if you you didn't score 2100 on your  SATs , there is always hope that you can get a good paying job as a valet at even a mediocre place like this and maybe  earn  $ 60 K.a year.Ya'know this aint the Wynn or Caesars but of course they have a valet too even for this small lot. Just  sayin'.As far as the place, this is the new location much improved ambiance, further back from the street, bigger, nicer, cleaner than before. Same menu and maybe a little too friendly waiters. This is primarily a local joint , but visitors have caught on too.It's a tapas bar with some good selections;The standouts;Suffed dates: smoked almonds, blue cheese, dates and awesome sauce.Stuffed peppers: w/ cheese herbsBaby back ribs: fall off the bone tenderTierra Mar skewers ; Surf 'n Turf for us fogies- were recommended but  a bit too many things goin' on for my taste.Summer Salad with heirloom tomatoes- for Vegas OK - but not primo  by west coast standards.Greenhouse stuff , not the aroma you expect.The interior is full of options, inside, outside, bar, tables what ever you like. The best thing is that with a group of people everyone will find something they can own and get behind.Beers , or a pitcher of  white or red sangrias ,you can't beat that for  $ 28-The place beats the pants off the typical Strip crowd, it's easy, and can be quick or slow as you like. Great early or late- you could do a lot worse.  It's more about the company you 're  with than the restaurant IMO- this place will support whatever is you are trying to make of the evening.Salut.
4	A lot of choices. Decent food. The stand out dish was def the bacon wrapped dates. Good spot if you want something off the strip.
1	Tried to go there yesterday afternoon and upon arrival the chick that was opening was super rude, so we bounced. No acknowledgement, no "hey" or "hi" nor "thanks for opening the door (as she was carrying out a sign)." We've gone to firefly several times over the years and their customer service has remained iffy. The food is good, but the service is shyte. Firefly, we like your food, but your hostess' have remained problematic over the years.
4	I chose this place for dinner for a bachelorette party, so 8 of us all dolled up came stomping in and had a nice big table. Service was friendly, but not that attentive. We often had to ask for water refills and our server disappeared many times throughout the meal. Needless to say, we all enjoyed ourselves. Food was delicious, and we ordered a ton of different dishes so we could try them all. I do have to say though that about half of our party had stomach issues a few hours later, which I'm chocking up to just eating too many different things. The food was pretty rich too.Bacon-wrapped stuffed dates: i hate dates, but these were SUPER tasty. Only got about 5 of them per order thoughScallops: I'm also usually not a fan of scallops, but these were cooked perfectly and the polenta underneath complemented the seafood well.Mussels: Tasty! Good. Not delicious, but not bad.Chopped chicken salad: Tasty! Good. Not delicious, but not bad :DBaked tetilla: basically cheese fondue. I looove me some cheese and some fondue, but the cheese had a weird rubbery consistency after a bitChicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms: LOVE! So good. MmmmPetite filet: It was kinda rubbery meat. The steak was a disappointmentMeatballs: These were pretty good, I'd order them againPaella: A couple of the girls in our party had been to Spain before, and they said the paella here was better. Delish!!For all the food we ordered (we ordered multiples of the above dishes + a few I forgot to mention), dinner only came out to about $30/girl. Awesome!!They're off the strip so you avoid the wait, the long lines, and the overpriced food. But they're also really easy to find.
5	The sauces are the stand-out. This place has beautiful , flavorful, different sauces for the dishes. Nothing is hashed out here; every dish was fresh and plump, except when it was shatteringly crisp. We ate here twice; sangrias are fruity, mojitos are refreshing.
5	We had a party of 15 and service was great, very attentive waiters water and drinks are always filled. Food was delicious definitely coming back for more!
5	Shrimp Ceviche - delicious. Fried Calamari - lightly fried and the spicy tartar sauce was yummy.Firefly Fries - came with parmesan cheese on them and an aioli sauce on the side, heaven.Garlic Bread w/ sweet creamed butter - bread was soft and the butter was mixed with some sort of spices... sad when we finished the plate.White Sangria - sweet and tart, not disappointed.FINALLYDessert Platter!Caramel Flan - I HATE flan, this one changed my mind. Did not have a rubbery consistency which is what usually turns me off.Lemon Berry Tarts - sweet and tart, perfect. Lemon Berry glaze on the tart was delicious.Mini Cheesecakes - creamy and came topped with a strawberry. Yum.Chocolate Tres Leches Cake - amazing.Food was so delicious and the service was fast. Irina was our waitress tonite and her busboy was ON HIS GAME. our glasses for water were rarely empty more than 2 minutes.I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS. Another bonus perk is that it's a quick walk from the Fairfield Marriott
4	Best mojitos and sangria in Las Vegas. Friendly and helpful staff. Food tastes great. Good happy hour specials on drinks (half off pitcher of Mojito is my favorite).
5	All time favorite restaurant in the world! They moved but just a few doors down. Great new spot. Happy hour is to die for! Still have the amazing filet mignon mini burgers but are called Serrano ham sliders. Rico our bar server was very nice funny and helpful with a few tough choices. Haven been here in 5 years because we live in Seattle but cannot wait to come back! Cheers!
5	I heard about Firefly from the Food Network and boy was eating here worth it! We had several tapas and they were all delicious! Especially the stuffed dates....YUM! My 7 year old grandson couldn't get enough of the dates, and also really enjoyed the BBQ Baby Back Ribs with Mango BBQ sauce! We will definitely eat here when in Vegas again and it should be on everyone's must try list!
5	I lived for another day...so their previous demerits should not merit on this review. I like their new location and the new feel. It's very dark, romantic (if you want it to be), and hip. They are filled with nicely designed booths for more privacy, and they have a private room which you can reserve for a big party.I headed to the bar and of course you have to order one of their signature mojitos or sangria (by the glass or pitcher...if i were you I'd order a pitcher) as I wait for the rest of my party. Even if I was already late I was still early than the rest of my group. Anyway, I ordered a glass of the BLOOD ORANGE MOJITO. Then, as our party slowly but surely showed up, we ordered rounds of pitchered mojitos. This included the watermelon and cucumber mojito. Here are my mojito highlights:Glass: $7.50 Pitcher: $30.00BLOOD ORANGE: Lovely! It has that nice tart taste from the blood orange, and can barely taste the alcoholic kick. So if you want something with a strong cocktaily flavor with less of an alcoholic taste I would recommend.CUCUMBER: This is pretty good too. Here, you taste more of the alcoholic flavor. It is a lighter mojito flavor wise. So if you're looking for something fun in flavor...probably steer away from here.WATERMELON: While a pitcher or two of these bad boys may lead you to your own rendition to DRUNK IN LOVE (you can't help it since Queen B does say watermelon), this has a really light refreshing taste with a good mixture of that alcoholic POW. Definitely, one of my faves. In which we did drink the most of. Food wise, we ordered a bunch of random plates in which a party of 7 shared. 4 pitchers and a handful of tapas plates later, our tab reached a good $300. So expect to pay a good $60 to $80 PER PERSON especially if it's at a dinner party. Other favorite foods I like ordering here:DATESCHORIZO SKEWERSSCALLOP ESCARGOTSTEAK AND MUSHROOM SKEWERSSHRIMP CEVICHEMUSHROOM/CHEESE TART (this is really filling with a strong cream taste...which is usually a hit or miss with people so be careful)Just name drop these choices and you'll sound like a regular here. Other than that, read everyone else's review on the plates.
5	I was visiting Las Vegas from LA, and was trying to find a good restaurant that wasn't a severely overpriced hotel "experience" where I would end up paying $50 for a mediocre appetizer.  I found this place from the Yelp reviews and after glancing at their menu thought it looked perfect.  We went on a busy night but we were seated quickly and given plenty of attention from our waiter.  The food was incredible.  Creative combinations and it was fairly enough priced that we could order 6 or 7 different things without feeling the sweat of the final bill.  I didn't have a single dish I didn't think was worthy of coming back for, and as we were on our way out the manager greeted us and asked about our experience.  After telling him exactly how much we enjoyed the food, he invited us to come back tomorrow and try some flights of their new dishes on the house.  Our schedule was already pretty booked, so we thanked him and declined, but the gesture was really nice.This will be a permanent stop for future Vegas trips, and if they opened one in Los Angeles I would be there in seconds.  Skip the money-trap places surrounding the big hotels, this is way better.
3	I had higher expectations of this place and was a little disappointed with the dishes we ordered.  The Garbanzo Beans with spices and the shells still on them confused me, I wasn't sure how to eat this....chew and spit out the shell?  We did order a spicy shrimp dish that was the most simple of all the dishes and yet the best it had nice flavor combinations.  The Red Bell pepper dish that was stuffed with Manchego cheese was tasty but I think just going the chille Relleno route would have made this dish better it was too tart with the bell pepper.  Than there was the Clams in a tasty broth with chunks of sausage in it, that was really good just a tab bit too much sausage flavor as it took away from the clams having any flavor at all.   We also ordered a Safron type of rice that was wayyyyyy to overpowering that flavor was stuck in my mouth all night.  I'm thinking we ordered wrong and there was possibly way better dishes on the menu than what we choose.   I would give this place a 2nd chance but probably at a different location.
3	I used to love Firefly, but unfortunately it is nothing like what it used to be.   The big disappointment over the years has been the change of the atmosphere.The first Firefly we went to many years back was in downtown Vegas.  Although the seating was nothing special, the great view of the old casinos and the light show made for a very cool atmosphere.The second Firefly we went to was at their PREVIOUS/smaller Paradise location.   That one had some cool seating with couches and what not, giving that a very cool atmosphere as well.Suffice to say that when we were seated at their CURRENT Paradise location, it was a bit of a letdown.   The atmosphere is completely missing in this larger location of theirs on Paradise.   They tried to give it some atmosphere with the candles and red hue, but the space is just too big and open for sit down tables for that to work well.   The red pitchers of Sangria are still delicious and well worth the $28.     The tapas don't seem to stand out to me as they used to; they were all good, but nothing really stuck out as being delicious.The old Fireflys used to be something we would visit every time we would go to Vegas.   With this latest experience, things have changed.
4	I love Tapas. Many gluten free options, and a fantastic wine list! They even had The Prisoner by the bottle. Nice restaurant with an outdoor covered patio too.
5	Tapas Great bread that keeps flowing.Diablo Shrimp awesome. SauceChorizo plate. Good selectionSteak salad. Had to get something green
5	I didn't hear about this place's "storied" history until I had already been here and decided I loved it (for more info, read the 1 star reviews or google it). Lucky me - I may not have ever come otherwise. This review is only for my experiences, which have been top notch. That being said - this is now just about my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Very reasonable prices, a great selection (i haven't had anything on the menu that i didn't like - and Ive had a lot), and fantastic service. Highlights:-Tortilla espanola-Shrimp ceviche-Tierra y mar skewersCome here with a group that's hopefully not too picky, and try as much on the menu as you can until you can't eat anymore. The waiters are very happy to help you through this process and make suggestions for you too. Cool atmosphere and an extensive beer and wine selection on top of all that. Tapas + Rioja + sobremesas = happy Kurt G. Also - the bathroom smells like Sweetarts. Not sure how i feel about that yet, but thought it deserved mentioning.
5	I love this place!Lets start with the bread with that amazing butter that I just can't have enough of.Then I ordered the stuffed dates: I could eat 100 of those.Camarones a la diabla, that sauce goes good with anything I used the sauce to dip my fries.Stuffed peppers: ok..Sliders: soooo good!!Croquetas: likeAnd for dessert a tres leches cake, I know traditional tres leches cake and I've never seen a chocolate tres leches but it was good.Definitely coming back.
5	Best Sangria I have ever had.  Nice change from ordinary Las Vegas chain restaurants.
5	Great food, friendly staff, they know the menu well, all of the drinks and food they suggested was awesome. Great for a group of people willing to share. New place to visit every time I come to Vegas.
5	Always good food and service.
4	Usually when I make a trip out to Vegas, I am much too intoxicated to eat anything at a sit-down restaurant but it was my friend's birthday and his gf suggested this place and I'm glad we went! The menu is tapas style with various small plates to share family style. They also have entrees if you're the kind of person who just doesn't like to share :)The paella takes about 40 minutes to prepare so you should order that right when you sit down as you look over the rest of the menu. We opted for the mixed paella for the table. Everyone ordered various things and honestly, EVERYTHING was delicious. I have no complaints. I had the petite filet as my main entree and it was DELICIOUS, only $15! From what I remember from tasting everyone's tapas, the shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, ahi tuna, chicken and rib eye entrees were ALL great! I hope I can come back soon. The menu is so extensive, there's prob around 50 tapas to try!
5	Loved the pulpo asado, bacon wrapped dates and tuna tartar. We are going back for lunch tomorrow to try more. There were mostly locals there, so we think we found a gem near the strip. After dropping $40 for two in the food court at Caesar's on nasty-tasting crap, this was a very pleasant surprise!
4	There's a lot to like about Firefly, a bustling, noisy restaurant with lots of varied food options, served tapas-style and meant for sharing. If your idea of a good time is to bring a crowd and sample many different dishes over the course of several hours, then Firefly may be the place for you. Our party of twelve thoroughly enjoyed the experience and tasted just about everything on the menu, along with several pitchers of their excellent sangria.An added bonus for vegetarians or those with gluten allergies, Firefly has a separate menu with their vegetarian options on one side and their GF options on the other. This came in handy when ordering for our group, and made it easy to have safe meals for everyone, no matter their dietary restrictions.If you like sangria, be sure to try some. Both the white and the red are excellent, but I preferred the red. Nice and dry, not too sweet, and a fine accompaniment to the Spanish-style tapas. Also good - their mojitos! Available by the pitcher.My favorite items were the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, the Padron peppers (deceptively simple, but tasty), and the watermelon sorbet at the meal's close. The sorbet flavor changes daily.Others at our table raved about the Tierra del Mar skewers and the lamb chops. The bread and almond butter disappeared quickly.Basically, there's enough variation on the menu to find something for everyone. But that's a little bit of the problem too. The menu feels scattered and not as cohesive as it could be.Service is professional and fairly efficient, but at times was hit or miss. This is expected with large groups and a busy restaurant, and we never had to wait too long for beverage refills. Plus, the staff wants you to have a good time. As an example, our first order of lamb came out overdone, but Firefly was able to get another going and on the second try the lamb chops were hailed as the standout meat dish of the evening.One final note. Don't call this a Spanish restaurant if you have an actual person from Spain in your group. It was my colleague's first time in the USA, and he was appalled that Americans think Spaniards eat this way. Live and learn! (Although he did enjoy the food and the drinks. He just took issue with anyone saying it was Spanish.)
4	This is our go to place every time we visit Vegas. The new location is awesome! Waaaay better than the old location. Seems like there's more room. Tables are spread out and spacious, not how it was cramped and cluttered before. Food is always good! I recommend checking this place out. Best tapas spot!
5	The menu is expansive and delicious! Lotsa choice and everything I have tasted was spectacular-- wine is very fair priced and the servers are quite knowledgable when it comes to wines!  In definitely going to return here!
1	What really bothers me about this restaurant is that the staff treats it like it's their house, staff chats around like nobody's business and they don't treat the customer like they should. They had a salmonella problem and they should be aware that the customer should be the number one priority which they don't, bartenders and servers ignore you like they're doing you a favor.Second, good was not good, stuffed dates were burned and everything else was tasteless, you don't come here to hang out and spend your nights to be serviced and have bad good like this.Next time we will pass on a place where they don't care about the customer, obviously they had that problem in the past (salmonella)Wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
4	After great hesitation following the mishaps of this restaurant involving the health district, my hubby and I decided to return.  The variety of foods are still amazing.  My favorites are still the warm spinach salad, artichoke toast and empenandas.  I am a BIG Mojito fan and decided to stray away from the original Mojito and try the blood orange Mojito, sure glad that I did... Super yummy and refreshing.  Staff were kind and attentive.  We will definitely be back, with the expectation that there will be no further issues involving the health district.The reason for four stars is that due to one of the restrooms being out of order, both males and females had to share one restroom.  Before entering, I had to check with the hostess to ensure that the restroom wasn't being occupied by the opposite sex..
4	Really good food. Came with a groupon( 30 for 50) We ordered the Garden Variety Salad, Spanish tortilla, fries, meatballs, ribs, chicken skewer, pork empanada and garlic shrimp.  They forgot to bring us the ribs, but we were so full by the time everything else came that we just didn't say anything.  The salad was very good, very refreshing.  I'd totally get a salad here because you need the acidity of the dressings to break up the other proteins you order.  The sauce on the tortilla was WAY too spicy for me.  I had to send it back and have them remake it.  The shrimp were too spicy as well, but I just picked off the red flecks of pepper and that was ok. The service was good, if not a little rushed.  There was no rhyme or reason to the way the dishes came out.  We didn't drink so can't comment on that, but the food was great.  The complimentary bread was delicious too.
5	This is my "go to spot" off the strip each time I visit Vegas. It's rare to find a gem on the strip so why not look outside the strip. This place is marvelous. Their old location was about 500 ft away and that's where it was love at first bites. Tapas style makes it easy to have a variety of flavors and share amongst family and/or friends. There are many choices to choose from that consist of seafood, beef, veggies, and much more. Some of my favorites are the ceviche, stuffed mushrooms, tuna tartare, tomato basil soup, tierra y mar skewers, baby back ribs with mango sauce, the pork chops are a must, and the empanadas with roasted pork are yummy. Whatever fulfills your pleasure, I'm sure you'll find it here with the endless choices. The table set up is the perfect setting that gives you plenty of room to work on multiple plates at once. The atmosphere has a romantic setting for date night during the week. But the beat picks up Thursday through Sunday and the place gets a little loud, but that's what makes this place a great experience. The staff is great, the vibe is trendy, and music sets the tone for a wonderful evening. If you want to avoid the larger crowds, I suggest to visit during day and the food will be just as delicious as it is at night. Also, if you're staying anywhere on the strip, you're a short $8 taxi away from most hotels on the strip. Oh yeah, the drinks are amazing too and you must try the red sangria. I better stop here and leave a few things for you to discover yourself here at Firefly.
5	yummy tapas!
4	This place was delicious. They just didn't have any of the beers I wanted. They said they ran out of my selections. That's why I only gave 4 stars.
5	This place is beyond jaw dropping because of it's amazing food.Every time I come to Vegas this is a place which is a must!
5	This is a PHENOMENAL place to hang out for brunch and some sangria or a light dinner before a party or for a bigger dinner, just a great place. The food is phenomenal, the service is amazing and after having a dispute with a credit card (that turned out not to be a dispute but a mistake on my part) the management was phenomenal with trying to work with me to solve the non-existent problem.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	Bacon wrapped dates - were just ok I've had better and the peanut inside threw me for a loop thought I was chewing on a bone Mussels- were very good! Tangy and perfectly sauced Tierra y mar skewers - amazing steak cooked to perfection flavors meld together with the green salsa Grilled scallops - not too great had a very fishy taste to them which seeped into the potatoes when your food all taste the same as the main part of the meal it's no bueno.
4	I love this place, every time I come to Vegas this is a must locals joint to visit. It's tapas style food, and almost everything on the menu is excellent. The sangria here is also excellent and a must-have.
4	I still like the original Firefly best. But alas, they moved on to another Paradise location, pretty much next door to where the original was. Sure, it's bigger and newer. But it's just not the same. The prices have dramatically increase over the years. Most tapas have gone up $2-$3.50 each. So it's no longer as cheap as it once was. But nonetheless, it's still a decent cost-quality trade off. So, in other words, the food is tasty and the prices ain't bad (even if they are steeper than they used to be).And while I miss the old place, I do have to admit this newer version is quite nice. It's just intimate enough, just dark enough, just decorated enough, etc. And the bar area is huge and really nice space. Fair warning: Happy hour can make the bar area quite crowded. I also really like the patio area too.The service we experienced here was fabulous. Very attentive and friendly.The menu has just so many good items. The flavored mojitos and sangrias are all amazing. And I've never had a bad or even so-so tapa here. The stuffed peppers and mac 'n' cheese will forever be personal favorites. And then there's the steak and mushrooms skewers, the petite filet, the shrimp, the mussels, the gazpacho, the dates, the meatballs... It's all good eats.So yeah, it's still a top Vegas restaurant for me.
4	Good stuff! Delicious tapas at this place, with great atmosphere, convenient off-the-strip location, etc. This place should definitely be on your list if you're heading to Vegas. The short ribs, Mac and cheese, and empanadas were all great.
5	No complaints here. Groupon has a $79 deal for 2 pitchers of Sangria and 8 tapas. Ceviche apple salad and calamari were muy bueno.
4	This was my first time back to Firefly since the relocation. I know it was a hot spot at the other building, but I really hated going there because it was so cramped. And parking was a pain in the butt.I'm very impressed with the new building, it's spacious and very nicely decorated.   I heard some things about the previous location being closed because it was unclean, but I felt really confident eating here, everything was 'sparkling clean'. The waitstaff was pleasant, and very quick on service. And for me (as it always was) the food was just amazing.  We got a pitcher of the blood orange mojito as suggested from friends, but It was to strong for my taste and over priced. We will stick to the good stuff in the future (Big firefly sangria fans here)   Our favorite  things to order from here are the Bacon wrapped dates (YUM), The mac n' cheese, the sliders, and the stuffed mushrooms. My bf is obsessed with the stuffed peppers also. Im not a cream cheese fan, but I take his word they're good. Also tried for the first time last night Tres Leche  The reason for the loss of a star is although its delicious I feel its a tad over-priced. Still, doesn't keep me from coming back though ;) (just not as often)
3	When the most recent health inspection debacle revealed the same offenses (food handling, contamination, hand washing) as inspections in the past, it sent a message. It was a blatant disregard for the public's health and safety. It stung more because I was very adamant about forgiveness and continued to patronize their restaurants after the salmonella incident. I've never had a food poisoning issue, but now it felt like a gamble to dine with them. I've made a choice to not support a business that has repeated offenses of this nature (regardless of what they claim is not their fault) based on principle.My recent visit was prompted by the celebration of a good friend's graduation. We joined her and her family on their vacation to Las Vegas (I had forewarned them about the events). In any case, our dining experience was mostly pleasant and I was admitedly excited to eat some of my favorite dishes again. The hostess was kind enough to accomodate our large group in one of their semi-private dining booths/tables with drapes (although these proved difficult for the servers and bussers since they had to constantly move them to reach the table). Everyone was really friendly, but service was just okay. Several times we were searching for our server or anyone to come to our aid or just replenish water.The food was still as delicious as I remember. My favorites being the Stuffed Dates, Firefly Fries, Paella (mixed), and Pork Empanada. The only disappointment was the Tuna Tartare, which was also an old favorite. But overall, I enjoyed my meal. Also, I really liked the Chocolate Tres Leches Cake.So, the food is still good and service is okay. Doesn't change how I feel about the business and their owners. Dine at your own risk.
5	Firefly made my wedding meet and greet amazing!! Carlos, Lalo, Jesus, and Gabriel made sure we had everything we needed!! The food was awesome and the drinks were even better!! Make sure you check out the bigger and better Firefly on Paradise!!!!
5	Just love this restaurant...great staff, great food and they serve Stella Artois.
5	:D :D :D 1) the Tres Leches cake 2) and infused vodka - enough said!
5	Excellent Tapas, service was awesome and the atmosphere was great.  We had only eight of the many available Tapas and everyone of them were flavorful and cooked perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys great Tapas and at a very affordable price.  We'll be back!
5	Even though firefly used to be a traditional local spot,,,it has become I've of the most talked about tapas restaurant in vegas. I have gone there so much i don't even need a menu and now.. Either do u! Bacon wrapped dates Mac n cheeseBeat saladMushroom tartStuffed peppers Steak and mushroom skewers Duck spring rolls My favorite... The sangria! Your welcome and enjoy!!! Xo
5	We had a wedding reception in their private banquet room with 46 people. We planned the whole thing via email, and they were great! They responded right away and were so easy to work with. The food was awesome too, everyone loved it. There's a lot of options for banquets, we got unlimited 6 tapas of our choice, open bar for 2 hours, and dessert. The price could not be beat!! I want to go back before I leave!
5	We were here for a convention.  This place had good reviews and look like a reasonably priced place to go so we came here.  So happy we did! All the small plates of food that we ordered were amazing! The cod was delectable. The bread that they served with a garlic butter is a little bit sweet and a little bit garlicky. Delicious!Our waiter Roger was such a sweetheart. We are always a little bit unruly and he Handled us so beautifully.Great food great service great wine list, definitely recommend this place.
5	We found this restaurant on Yelp. It looked like it would be reasonably priced and had four star review.  We were not disappointed in fact we give it five stars! The service was so friendly and attentive. They were very busy but you need to expect to sit and relax at a place like this and enjoy the ambience and the social time...  The small plate of food items were fabulous. Their bacon wrapped dates were very good.I think our waiter's name was Roger. He was a sweetheart. The manager came over and he was very charming as well. Thank you firefly for a great evening!!!!
5	We never miss a chance to have dinner.  This trip we took granddaughters age 9 and 14 and they loved it too.  The menu has the best Tapas selections we have experienced.  Great Mojitos.  The staff members are friendly and knowledgable.  The manager Carlos makes the whole experience a must stop in Vegas and everyone we've sent from Arizona considers it a must stop for Vegas visits.
1	Dave Bowers, the death of firefly.Always been a patron of firefly, for 7 years or so, ever since this person took over, firefly has gone down the drain.God riddance firefly, keep having managers that don't worry about the business, only about themselves. All the negative publicity is well dwarves due to these types of hirings.I hope you read this comment in order for you guys to change things. It was a much better product when he was not around. Please tell me, what has he done to improve this place? Contrary to popular belief, he is the one that created this mess. He's a person that has no regard for this place. Everything flowed when Mr. Simmons had control, now that he's been around, the place has literally gone down the drain.I hope you guys fix this, wonderful place with a lot of potential.
4	This place lives up to all the hype. Came here with help from yelpers. On a Tuesday night around 7:30 the place had a decent crowd. Restaurant was full. We could've opted for a table pretty quickly but decided that the bar was where we wanted to be. Bartenders were pumping out some massive carafes of mojitos and sangrias. We both decided on sangrias (amazzzing)... Not overly sweet. Everything on the menu looks great. Unfortunately we tapped out after 6 dishes. Top pick by far was the bacon wrapped dates but you can't go wrong with anything here. Ambience is perfect. Great for small or large groups. But if you're coming with a big party be prepared to wait. Service could've been a little more personal but it wasn't bad. That would've made it 5 star otherwise. Thanks yelp for the help,
5	The food is amazing! Best tapa definitely the camerones de la diabla (name may not be correct)! The service is awesome. Great experience overall!
5	This location is working hard for your business! The servings are generous for tapas! The mojitos and sangria are excellent!I highly recommend all of their dishes as I've tried almost all of them!Don't forget to use your bread to soak up the tasty sauces from the plates!
5	This is one of the best tapas places I've been to. We walked about 30 minutes to get to this place, but it was worth every step. It is not directly on the strip and appears to be more of a local spot. Service was perfect. The food was perfect. Portions and timing was perfect. The sangria (we had the red) was a complete pitcher and not filled with ice....that was good. ;) I didn't feel so guilty with my over consumption of food and wine after we walked back to the strip after dinner.  This is a fabulous find if you are not afraid to venture off the beaten path. We will definitely return on our next trip.
5	Truly outstanding! I liked it so much I went back two days later. Just down the street from the convention center, so skip the blah convention food and go here. The portions are generous, and the food is wonderful. Not to be missed are the stuffed dates, spicy shrimp, apple salad, and filet mignon. The bread comes with spicy butter that is amazing. The sangria is tasty too. The service is great as is the ambiance. It's a little noisy but it feels festive there. I can't wait to go back!
5	We are visiting from out of town and this place was great.   Food was superb.  We ordered six different items and they were all excellent.  There was a 30 minute wait so we ended up sitting at the bar.  Servers were on itn. Very helpful and the food came out quickly.   Would definitely come back!
3	As I write this I believe this is the last Firefly left in the area. It's a shame because the ladies absolutely love this place and it's always a winner for date night or nights out with friends. Tapas is a lot of fun, and this location is in a newer building with tons of seating and not far from the strip. The Firefly name has unfortunately been marred by multiple restaurant closings from the health department, so they've gone from three or four locations down to only one. It's a little pricey, but you plan to spend a little and you won't have any surprises, and there are plenty of great menu options to choose from.
4	Long wait, and service is good, depending on the waiter's mood. They have really good appetizers, and the mixed paella was worth the 40 min wait.
5	From SF- 2nd time here and this time for my birthday-hubby's present for me!!!! Love love love this place. pitcher of Sangria....of course!!! but try infused vodka martini! Soooo awesome. Food-gotta try stuffed dates- of the hook! We had 4 other dishes- -also of the hook! Thanks to our friend Andrew for recommending this place! Also our server, Lalo, thank u for taking care of us and for my birthday flan!!! U r awesome!!!!
5	I loved the food! Portions are bigger then what you expect from tapas and the flavor was truly Southern Spanish. They are open late, until 2am with excellent happy hour prices for a few good tapas 11pm to close. An awesome place to recover after the strip ;)
1	I have nothing positive to say about my experience at Firefly on Paradise.  The service was the most awful thing ever.  I was in management for a Forbes rated the hotel for a long time, and I would be seriously embarrassed if my team ever acted like this team.We were sat at a table outside, and then we were left for 20 minutes before anyone checked in on us. During this time, all the tables around us were being serviced. I watched the waiter check in with several tables. 25 minutes into this experience the busser brought waters, and the waiter came over. He didn't say Hello, he said what do you want to drink. I was expecting some type of reason why he was ignorning us. The paito wasn't that full.  He took the order and left.  During this time the manager was walking around the patio area.I also watched the manager of Firefly mingle with what appeared to his friends and several other tables except ours. During this time, the manager made eye contact with me four times (I was giving the look of hey how's it going can you please assist me), but he failed to do anything.  He started to walk our direction, and I was about to speak up to him, but he turned his focus to a table full of young women. The service should be the focus, I can understand if you are speaking with your guests, but this was not the case.  He continued to check in on what appeared to be his friends and tables full of young women. Each time he did this he was chatting it up for several minutes.We were still waiting for our drinks at this point about 35 minutes into our experience. At this point, we had to walk up to the bar to get our drinks because no one returned with them.  The manager also was at the bar during this interaction and failed to say anything. We mentioned our experience to the bartender and the manager could have said something, but he didn't. Overall, the waiter seemed mad he had to work, and the only person who was doing anything positive was the busser.  We asked our busser at one point to get send over the waiter so we could order another round.  The busser walked over to the waiter, and the waiter disappeared for several minutes before coming to our table. During this time, the waiter made eye contact with our table, and then walked away. I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt, but I then watched him walk inside and stand by a curtain. He wasn't doing anything for a good five minutes, and then he finally came back out, went to another table and walked away.  I had to wave him over, which I hate doing, because it is rude, however, there was no other way to get his attention.  Eventually, our food came out, and the waiter continued to be short with us.  The food was good, but the service at this place was awful. I think the thing that rubbed me the worst about this place was that the manager failed to step in and show any interest in our situation. He seemed consumed with talking to women rather than doing his job.  This was my perception last night.I hope everyone else doesn't experience this while you are at this establishment. Maybe it was an off night, either way, the service was horrible.  The only reason we didn't leave was because our friend loves Firefly and it was her birthday.  I also witnessed several staff members on their phones, I can't believe this place...get your standards in with the rest of this city!
4	Cool ambiance, and always cute ladies here.Tapas are pretty damn good.I haven't tried one thing that I didn't like yet however haven't came and been really hungry.Ribs bomb, Mushroom puff pastry thing delicious and I don't even like mushrooms.Steak with potatoes and mushrooms goodDrinks are solid.
4	As a first time trier at a Spanish Tapas Restaurant, I thought this restaurant was better than I thought! The portions were reasonable, but a bit pricey to me. However, the quality of the food was good! I wasn't much of a fan of the mac and cheese we ordered, but the bacon wrapped dates were so good and I don't usually like dates!If you order the paella, it takes 40 min, but if you order a bunch of tapas, it won't seem long because the tapas come quick and in the meantime while you eat them, your paella will be ready!As for service, they really do a good job filling your glass of water and taking away your plates!
3	Good for a tasty bite or a quick dinner date before dancing or a show.  The choices are nominal and they do seem to try to make everything up scale at an affordable price.  There have been a tish or two about the service and food safety standards at the previous location.  This is a much nicer roomier spot.  Honestly I haven't had any issues with the food ever.  I like it as a less formal dining option, decent food.  Service at this location is much better than the westside location.  Probably why that location is closing..  Sangria or flavored Mojito in a carafe pitcher is the way to go.  I recommend: firefly friesduck roll petite filet stuffed datestuna tartaretierra y marcamarones al ajillolamb chopsscallops "escargot"Not too fancy, not shabby at all.
4	What a great fun place to come with anyone. The food is excellent I definitely have tried almost all the things on the menu. The vegetarian selection is pretty good and don't forget about those drinks the white sangria is definitely my favorite. Fun place love the atmosphere great location.
4	A friend of mine and I found a groupon for this place and decided to come here for lunch. Upon arriving she had told me about their salmonella incident. This of course scared me and I told her I did not want to have lunch here anymore, but she assured me that the new location was fine and that they had really good food. So I gambled with my health and we decided to come anyway. Sure enough the food was delish!Stepping into firefly I noticed the environment was nice and clean. The walls were painted with warm, dark tones. The overall atmosphere was pleasing. You even had the option to sit outside, but with the sun beaming out we decided to enjoy our meal inside where it was cool. We stuck with the groupon and ordered multiple tapas and not one of them was a disappointment. My favorite tapas would have to be the mushroom and steak skewers and the smoked salmon toast. The steak skewers were tender, juicy, and flavorful. And the smoked salmon toast..yuuum! Their dishes were served with abundant flavors. And before I forget to mention, their firefly fries are really good; the dipping sauce served with it really compliments the fries. The servers were also nice. I never had to ask for a refill because my cup would already be filled. I would definitely come back to try their other tapas or entres.
5	My husband and I spend our summer's in Vegas. We have been coming to firefly for years. The new location is bigger and very nice. Our favorites include the tomato basil soup and tuna tar tar, and for dessert we love the tres leches chocolate cake! We have tried probably 3/4 of the menu and those are must haves!
4	i like this new location a lot, it's more local to the strip, spacious, and trendy/intimate than the Westside location that they moved from. they have an outside patio seating area, or you can sit at the huge bar in the middle, or at one of the half-moon booths or tables.there's a strongly Spanish and seductive vibe which i'm definitely diggin' - the intimate lighting, red tones, spanish dancers and bullfighter paintings adorning the walls, the uniquely patterned wallpaper, i love it all. definitely a place you want to bring someone special or a Ladyfriend you're trying to impress. good times will be had over their tapas, calamari, sliders, octopus (my favorite), bacon-wrapped dates, etc. the cocktails are on point as well.-salud!
5	Awesome sliders, heirloom tomatoes with burata cheese, padron peppers, cod and Spanish red wine!  Server is beyond super friendly and service awesomely fast!  Ask for Alejandro he is the best!
4	love this place. ate there 4 times on recent trip to Vegas. the tuna tartare with the sesame topping is my favorite  but all the food is good and a good value. went to jaleo as well on the trip which is also tapas at the cosmo and spent 4 times as much and thought the food at firefly was better. my wife really liked the tomato soup and grilled cheese with bruyere cheesethe free bread is amazing with the almond butter. criticisms: some days the tuna was fresher then others and some days it was cut a little sloppily. ask people if they want more chips to start because its never enough.the stuffed mushroom didnt seem to have alot of flavor for having chorizo in it. needed more salt both times imo. the stuffed almond dates which have always been one of my favorites seemed greasier then past years when ive comeall the meats and kabobs were awesome. cooked well. good portions. staff was friendly
4	Great ambiance and value for your $. Best strawberry mojitos (made with fresh fruit) and the portions are excellent. A must try if you've never been
5	It would be 6 stars if it was available.  Ivan served us today, and was excellent, courteous and fast.  The food is always perfect and Firefily* has the best Sangria on the planet.
4	The ambience was appealing. Whether you'd dine as a couple, in a group or solo, it has appeal for all. The prices were fair across the menu.The service was ideal. Our waiter took the time to answer our questions about the unfamiliar dishes on the menu and he gave adequate suggestions based on our tastes and food familiarity.We ordered all Tapas for meal. 6 different types, a couple that were house specialties. The white anchovies and stuffed dates. They were superb. A pitcher of White Sangria was tasty and accompanied all of our Tapas selections which included lamb, beef, veggies, seafood and chicken. Everything prepared had excellent eye appeal and flavor and each portion was comparable to the price. We shared each Tapa dish evenly. The warm bread kept coming. Because it was our wedding anniversary a wonderful flan was comped by our superb waiter.We came home to L.A bragging to our friends and family about our new food spot in Las Vegas. We will surely return there.
5	I would just like to say that I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT! I discovered it a few years ago and every single time I come to Vegas I make it a priority to come and eat here. I live in Southern California, don't get me wrong, I frequent a few tapas places, but firefly really has it going on! I am obsessed with the bacon wrapped dates, the fantastic chorizo clams, stuffed peppers, MAC n cheese, petite filet is bomb!!!! Even the butter for the bread is amazing!!! I just got back from my bachelorette party out there and I am telling you that even my burbs were delicious after dinner. Haha!!! I can't wait til my next visit to Vegas so I can indulge in all the deliciousness firefly has to offer! To add one more thing... The berry infused vodka drinks they have are tasty and get you smashed! Until next time xoxo
5	Firefly never disappoints, obsessed with the firefly fries and their chicken salad is one of the best. Nahum was our server he was very kind and attentive.
5	Haley gave us incredible service tonight. Friendly and attentive. Easy on the eyes too.
5	My favorite place for Happy Hour!!! The bartenders are entertaining, and curvaceous.  If you don't believe me just ask for Haley.  Food and cocktails are not the only thing that is appealing for happy hour. Stop by and see for yourself!
5	So I have to update my review because I'm blown away. Aldo was the busser and he took care of us so well. He was completely on top of our refills and clearing our table and he took our order a few times. Thank you so much Aldo for redeeming firefly for me. The food was also fantastic as always but really tonight was all about how fantastic Aldo was.
4	Great food.. Service was alright. Everyone helped us BUT our server. It took 20 minutes for a shot of alcohol to get to our table. Other than that nice place and atmosphere. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday.
4	I enjoyed two trips to Firefly while visiting Las Vegas recently for a conference. Our group of three had an especially pleasant experience on a Friday for lunch. Our group of 8 found the restaurant to be surprisingly loud on a Monday night, but maybe that's just Vegas at night. Both times, though, the tapas were yummy and the service good.
5	Holy cow! Went to Julian Serrano looking for Tapas and found it, but you have to pay 14$ ish for one order! So expensive. We ended up going to Firefly on Paradise which was also wonderful and fit our budget. The food was actually pretty fantastic. Scallops. Dates. Salad. Tomato basil soup. Sparkling sangria. Totally amazing!
5	firefly once again satisfies our ever whim. Nahum served my girlfriend and me with candor and professionalism, and of course the food and red sangria were all amazing. flavors,  textures,  ambiance... fantastic! it was only in the 90s yesterday and cloudy,  and sitting outside with the misters was all very pleasant. do see if there is a Groupon... ours was totally a steal. and let your server know if you've been a loyal customer! they very much appreciate years of love,  and happy reviews. and did I mention the sangria was on point?
5	Edgar Sanchez (manager) knows how to take care of the Las Vegas locals which is rare these days. The suggestions for a combo of flavors was spot on. And our server was fast and efficient.  Definitely return visits are coming, especially for the Sangria.Mike VSLS Las Vegas
1	STAY AWAY! This WAS the best restaurant. Service sucks now, we never even got waited on, we had to keep asking the bar back for things. My chocolate martini tasted off, and I've probably had 1000 from there. Possilby sour milk, but who knows since bartender didn't talk to us once even though we sat there for over an hour. Food was so-so, it's gone downhill. It's so sad, this was my favorite restaurant. I was willing to support them through their transistion of closing additional locations and focusing on their main location but they ruined that. I heard they are closing but have to complete their lease so the employees have already checked out.
1	Food was great, drinks were great.  Too bad they don't understand how to run a business.  I purchased this Groupon for use on a Friday night while visiting Las Vegas.  I called first, because I read the restriction about only being able to use from 5:00 - 6:30 for dinner, and reservations being required.  The person I spoke with was really short with me, didn't really understand my question about "having a groupon and needing a reservation during that window, etc.".  She told me to just come right over, because they weren't busy and there was no wait.  When we got there, approximately an hour later, it was 6:15.  I know this, because we had told friends we would meet them there at 6:00 and I was upset with my husband because we were 15 mins late.  By the time we got sat and had ordered our drinks, it was probably 6:30.  We had a party of 8, and spent almost $300 and 1.5 hours there.  When I presented the Groupon, the waiter told me it was only valid from 5:00 to 6:30.  I explained that I had read the fine print, had called for a reservation, was told it was unnecessary, and was still seated by 6:30, regardless.  He persisted in saying that he understood, but still couldn't honor it, but i was welcomed to use it on a different night.  When I explained that we were in from out of town and had purchased it specifically to use that evening and asked him if he could let me talk with a manager, he said he would certainly check with the manager and explain my dilemma.  He came back a couple minutes later and told me that "the manager was sorry, but they couldn't accept it, and since I was from out of town, I was welcomed to call Groupon and request a refund".  Really?  I'm not a cheap skate.  In fact, I'm the opposite.  The measly Groupon amounted to a $17 discount on a $240 check, upon which I left a $50 tip.  I really don't care about the $17 but I do feel a little scammed for being lured into their business, bringing 7 other people with me (2 of which live in Las Vegas) only to be treated like dirt.  Worse than that, I hate that the employees at Firefly, clearly don't understand that the value in advertising is in bringing new customers into your business and keeping them coming back, not to bait and switch them, thus ensuring they will never visit again.  And, sadly, had the manager come over and spoken to me, I could have shared this feedback with him, rather than airing my grudge on Yelp.  Fail, Firefly.  Fail.
5	Excellent service and the food is amazing I come here a few times a month with my girlfriends and it never changes. The atmosphere is great. I always order most if the same food. Stuffed red peppers to the steak and mushroom skewers are all fantastic
5	The food was amazing the service was impeccable when we got there the manager Carlos greeted us upon our arrival and had a hostess Seat us then Neo our server was very descriptive with his suggestions  he suggested the mac and cheese which was ammmaazzeebbaaalllss and the tuna tartar needles to say I will comeback as soon as I get a chance 2
4	Second time here and it will not be the last. Happy hour is the time to go. Enjoyed all the food. Service was a little distant and I'm still not sure if I enjoyed that or not. The food I did enjoy and the atmosphere.
1	I was extremely disappointed with everything I ordered. I measure a restaurant food quality starting with the bread. Butter was frozen. Bread hard, dry. Cerviche was marginal. I ordered chorizo, shrimp, steak skewers. Flavor was marginal and chorizo was hard to chew, shrimp was chewy. The only thing I would say is that I ate late at night and perhaps the kitchen was getting ready to close. I will not come back. The bartender server was really good however.
3	Dinner just took way too long. The food was good but it was not as great as it used to be. Things were either way too salty or not flavorful enough. The white sangria was way too sweet but the strawberry mojito was delicious.   I used to love the papitas bravas now I would have to say my favorite is the manchego mac and cheese. The service was sooooo slow.
5	Customer service, food and drinks are always excellent. Every time we visit Las Vegas we make it a point to have dinner here. We recommend it to everyone that visits Las Vegas. My husband is very picky when it comes to everything and he always walks out raving about this place so I know they are doing things right here. This place is so good he signed up for a Yelp account so he personally can give it 5 stars (very unlike him).
5	Just a short walk from the strip and so worth it!! Tapas were amazing as was the sangria. The best thing on the menu though was the bacon wrapped dates in red wine reduction sauce. I discovered this place on one of Rachael Rays episodes!!!!
5	You will not be disappointed when you hit this tapas place off the strip.  Food and service is outstanding.  I highly recommend to people who are not too hungry and are looking for some snacks and spirits.
1	What a bad experience!Fireflys has been one of my favorite places for about 4 years now, even after all that occurred with the closure and allegations. This time 13 of us went out to celebrate my friends bday. 1st they brought out all the food except my boyfriends, which arrived 10 min later. 2nd my boyfriend almost chocked on a piece of metal. It was clearly a piece of the metal lid of the wine bottle. (Not my bfs day!) We told the waiter who called the manager! Wow! What a joke!!! He treated us like if we wanted the meal for free (we didn't even ask for anything). He never apologized however proceeded to tell us that the sangria is filtered 3 times. I don't care!! Hello! He was rude and defensive. We all work in hospitality and honestly wanted to laugh in his face. He asked us what type of sangri we wanted, he would replace the pitcher. (I hope!) we sAid white and he sent out red!!!!!! We told the waitress who called him over and he gave us the nastiest attitude. Wow!! Will not go back! Service went bad in that place. The manager seriously needs as Forbes training.
5	It's hard to find good affordable food in Vegas or a smoke free enviroment. - Great Tapas and cocktails at great prices. - Smoke free enviroment.- I've been 3 times, short wait each time, but not bad- A little noisy, but you can still have a nice conversation- Look up while waiting in the foyer for some interesting artwork
5	I hadn't been to their new Firefly location since the whole health department incident, but I got a Groupon and thought I'd role the dice. Wow, am I glad I did!The new location is very nice!! It's not as dark as the old location but dim enough for mood lightning. The waiter, runners, and busser were on point! Dirty plates taken quickly, we were regularly checked up on, and the food... Whhooooweee, the food!!!We got bacon-wrapped dates (a must), chicken & chorizo stuffed mushrooms, tierra y mar skewers, and calamari. All were soooo good!! We also got a sangria pitcher that was delicious! We were stuffed but opted for the passion fruit (lilikoi) cheesecake bites and the lemon-berry tarts. Both were amazing. The passion fruit cheesecake may have been my favorite all night. I'll def be back!!
5	I found out about this place through Groupon & it was really good!The location could be better (It's in a slightly ghetto area).But once you're inside, it's great.I love the ambience/decor (Red lamps & damask wallpaper are nice).Feels like a trendy lounge atmosphere.Food is delicious!Service was fast, friendly, & attentive.
5	From the atmosphere to the food, I LOVE this place. This is like one of those secret off the strip places that you treasure. We brought a big group in during the Furniture Market. Our table wasn't ready so they let us hang in the bar. We had a blast! The SANGRIA here is amazing!!!!!! We then were seated and ordered TONS of plates -they were ALL delish! It is loud and a little crazy in here but I can't wait to bring other people here! Well done!
3	Food good, service good, outside parking lot especially in front, SEVERE safety hazard.Dark curd, nothing to show a curb there, poor lighting, an overall reflection of a management/owner not really caring about the safety of its customers, a common thread for these owners.Explains why they have had issues and have had to close a few establishments.  My mother law tripped over the curb and fell, the valet guy could have cared less.  Didn't say anything, didn't offer any help, management has no idea, a total lack of caring otherwise there would be plenty of lighting and a well marked curb just like the north side of the building, well lit with a bright yellow curb.Like I said the service was good, the food came out fast and all tasted good, just disappointed about the outside and the lack of care for customer safety & if someone does have an issue, oh well not their problem attitude.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!Came to Vegas this past weekend for a weekend get away and I finally got the chance to try the place out. A lot of friends have been recommending this place but I never got the chance to go due to Vegas shenanigans I would always get caught up into. lol. Every dish we ordered was delish and their sangrias are to die for. I wish they were a bit stronger but its okay I'm just going to have to order my own pitcher with a straw next time ;).  Service is great and the staff are all super friendly. We must of ordered like 10 different small tapas dishes, a paella, and a pitcher of sangria and the bill came out to be about $125 for 5 people, SUPER REASONABLE!!! Unlike that Spanish restaurant they have at the Cosmopolitan, which was way too overly priced with super duper small portions that didn't even taste good. But its okay lesson learned, just go off the strip to Fireflys for your Spanish fix. I'm making sure every time I'm in Vegas to pencil in Fireflys for dinner. Ah! Cant wait to go back :)!!!!!
4	After a long day of working in LV, my husband and I wanted a quick, delicious meal. Firefly happened to be right down the street. We were greatly surprised with the yumminess that was had. Bacon wrapped dates, artichoke toast, salads, chorizo-chicken skewer and can you say "Sangria"!!! I tried all three varieties..... Like candy! We will definitely be back on our next business trip!
5	Great ambiance.Great service. (Even the manager came up to my husband and I)The FOOD IS AMAZING. Ribs, fries, seafood...all of it! If you are staying on the strip, you have to get here to eat. You won't be disappointed!
2	Food was delicious, as always but the service was NOT good. Our waitress was named Rachael I think? Something like that, idk. Took 10 minutes to even come to the table. My boyfriend and I side tipped the busser. He did all the work. If I didn't LOVE Firefly, you can bet I'd never go there again.
5	I love this Firefly! I always get the Firefly Fries, which are delicious. Tonight I got those, with the Petit Filet and it was boooomb.com! And my dinner partner got the Mushroom Tarte, which he really enjoyed and the sliders which he thoroughly enjoyed. They did much better than usual with their customer service; our drinks were constantly refilled, even after we paid. Very professional. Although, the hostess was a little rushed, and no one was waiting and she didn't hold the door open for us and left us both with one menu. It was about $20 each for us and we got 4 tapas with two drink.Ps. Their butter on their bread is AWESOME & their butter on their steak...
4	Great restaurant with a variety of hot, cold tapas, beverages and a friendly staff.  We had the chicken empanadas,a little spicy kick, but flakey crust and great sauce.  Shrimp ceviche was fresh and tender, lime marinade and fresh herbs was great.  Grilled spicy octopus was tender and smokey with a little kick of spice - yum..sangrias were ok...
4	This is the to go to place for tapas in Vegas. If you are looking for a place that has great tapas, outstanding Sangria, and not too expensive, then Firefly is your restaurant! Ok...so I know you are asking, if it is all that..why not "5" stars? I took off one star because we ordered a shrimp dish that never came. We asked about it at least three times and were told it was coming. After finishing our meal, we told them to "forget about it." You simply must try the bacon wrapped dates and Sangria! Will we be back...Heck yes!!
5	I had an amazing time here! Came with friends before I left on a trip and their happy hour is the best time for an afternoon pick me up. I had a server by the name of Carlos who couldn't not have been more amazing! Got an amazing goupon deal so it worked out well with their happy hour and food. Would come back here again! Especially for the mojitos! Yum!
5	This is the best kept secret in Vegas. Great food and amazing service in the BEST of atmospheres. Do not miss this gem while in the Sin City!  Ask for Haley or Athena for the time of your life!!! Craft beer I haven't had the pleasure of trying yet, paired with the finest tapas! Amazing taste and affordable pricing! Great company with knowledgable bartenders! Every flavor mojito you can imagine made to order! Very well known by locals for their Sangria!!! We love Firefly, come see for yourself!!!
5	This place never lets me down. Get the pitcher of red sangria. Get the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates. Get the Petite Filet. Get the Tuna Tartare. Athena is a wonderful and sweet server. Ask for her. You'll be happy. You're welcome.
5	Hands down my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas.  Love everything about this place - the ambiance, the food, the service - all great.  Give it a try next time you are in Vegas!  You will love it too!
5	My friend and I went to Fireflys for a cocktail or two (wink wink) and food. First of all, out server Andrea was AMAZING!!! She had great suggestions on her faves and we ordered them!!! The Mac N Cheese was cheesy and full of flavor. And you could never go wrong the Stuffed Dates. We will definitely be coming back...thanks Andrea for the great service!!!
5	The best empanadas I've ever had (chicken tinga and veggie).  The chicken skewers are also scrumptious.  You have to order fries.  The ambiance is romantic; dim lighting and red decor.  Restrooms are clean.  Waiter was  polite and attentive.  2nd time here and definitely not the last.  :)
5	One of my favorite places to hit when in Vegas.  Superb food - high quality and very creative.  The mojitos are fantastic.  Only gripe is the long wait during peak times, but, hey, the secret is out, right?
4	Nice restaurant with good food. I love the grilled oysters and the garden-variety salad. Next time I'll use a Groupon.
4	I give this place three out of four stars. The service is awesome and the food is great.
5	I have been a fan of Firefly restaurants for several years now but had never been to the original location on Paradise.  Finally made it (apparently it is now the ONLY location) and I was not disappointed.  The ambience is sexy, the drinks are tasty and potent and this is THE original place for tapas!  Many other restaurants began offering tapas menus following the late 00's economy crash, but nobody does it as well as Firefly!  They offer something for everyone, whether you're a vegetarian or a carnivore, and the food presentation is interesting and unique.  Basically, tapas style is like ordering appetizers.  But these aren't anything close to your traditional "loaded potato skins and chicken fingers" appetizers!  While Firefly does serve more traditional entrees as well, the tapas is where it's at for the ability to sample multiple items.  I can't think of a more fun destination for a night out with a group of friends.  The mojitos and sangria are delicious, as is the food.  And if you are splitting the bill, you can really get a lot of bang for your buck here!
4	Went to firefly with homies for a bday dinner. Have to say the customer service was on point with them constantly checking up on us. The food was priced well and came out fast. Definitely had some favorites but I feel like if you know what to order this place is bomb. Way better than overpaying at the strip. Would be back for sure.
5	The bacon wrapped dates were to die for. Those are worth making a trip to vegas for. Overall a very good alternative to getting food at the strip. You can have a really nice meal and not feel like you're spending an arm and a leg.
5	I've been a regular for many years & I enjoy the food & the fun vibe of the place every time I go. Yes parking there isn't the best but I've had worse. It can also get very busy which is annoying but that means it's popular! The food is amazing & sharing small plates is always fun. The service this time was excellent! Two hot Latinos, always fun! The pitcher of sangria always gets me tipsy & I try as many things as I can! I also want to comment on the usage of the color red here, it's super sexy! I wouldn't do a business dinner here because it's always loud but it's great for everything else!
4	Firefly is perfect for groups, but definitely make reservations!  Firefly's ambiance is high-energy and a bit romantic, as evidenced by the dim lights and curtains dividing areas.We made reservations for 8 people at 6:45 and were seated right away in a booth that comfortably fit all 8 of us.  It was especially nice because we were seated in a little nook that gave us privacy, and more importantly, a quieter area so that we could actually hear each other.Disclaimer: I am not a sangria connoisseur, so my taste is not very discriminating.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVED the sparkling wine sangria; I regret not getting a pitcher.  It went down just like juice.  It is on the sweeter side, so beware if you like a more mild sangria.As for the tapas, I had the tuna tartare and the petite filet.  The tuna tartare was pretty bland and rather oily, however, I was impressed with how fresh the fish was!  This was the first time I had tuna tartare, so maybe that was how it was supposed to taste, but I would not get it again.  However, I loved the pairing with taro chips (disclaimer: I may be a little partial because I am from Hawaii) because it was a little different and made up for the oiliness of the marinade.  The petite filet was DELICIOUS!  It was cooked perfectly, moist, and soft.  I absolutely loved the red wine sauce, as well as the fact that it came with mushrooms!  It is a must have!My friend had the firefly fries, which I heard good things about.  However, I thought it was also rather bland and oily, and did not eat too many of them.  All in all, I would definitely return for the sangria and because of all of the enticing tapa options!  There are so many other tapas I would love to return to try.  Additionally, I didn't save any room for dessert and the banana-nutella sandwiches are calling my name!  Firefly is perfect for groups of friends to catch up!
2	Service is great, drinks are good, food is only ok. Stuffed peppers and dates are the best thing there. However, the entire restaurant smells like an old dish rag. It makes me wonder how clean things are...
5	Bring Firefly to NYC! ... Or maybe don't. I like having secrets gems out of state. Their happy hour is TOP NOTCH. It's off the strip but so what? So much variety and it's all half off! Lowkey spot, cool ambience, AWESOME DRINK/TAPAS MENU! Def make this a stop for happy hour!
5	Love tapas. Love Firefly. Sad the other locations are closed. Will always and forever adore their bread and butter. Red sparkling sangria was my new venture this visit, and I really liked it. I always get the bacon wrapped dates... and then will indulge in a second order. I am a fan of their spicy shrimp tapa... can't remember the name of it but it's  sinfully good. Great place for casual business dinners, or girls night out. The border of swanky and casual- and I have found Tapas to be one of the best ways to have a social dinner. Can't wait for my next visit!
5	The best in las Vegas.... I love it their customer service is awsome... I order "camarones a la diabla"... I been a customer since 2 years ago. I always go 2 times a month...
4	I would probably rate it a 4.5. I had been eyeing this place for a couple of weeks and knew that it was a must try. I found a Groupon so I was even more excited. The food and atmosphere was really amazing (a little dark but romantic since I was with my hubby). So comfy/cozy and it wasn't crowded (Tuesday lunch time). The stuffed dates, stuffed mushrooms, chicken skewers, fried shrimp, mac and cheese and pear martini were definitely memorable. I'm coming back next time I'm in Vegas.  The only negative was the dried bread they served as a appetizer but I didn't pay for that lol.
5	Yummy Tapas in a relaxing environment. Highly recommended!!
4	camarones a la diabla is a must! i literally did not let the server take my plate away...that how much i loved their sauce.
5	This has always been one of my favorite places in town, despite all the bad press.  The food has always been great, the service wonderful, and the 3-day marinated sangria (as well as the pitchers of mojitos) goes down WAY too smoothly.
4	The best tapas place in Vegas
5	I go here every time I come to Vegas. It's a great local spot without all the annoying drunk tourists. Unbelievable service and food. I highly recommend the stuffed dates. Sweet dates stuffed with Bleu cheese and wrapped in bacon.The shrimp ceviche is amazing. Good portion, too. Get the clams with chorizo. So good!
4	One of the best meals in Vegas! We order multiple plates to share,  the bacon wrapped dates were first, savory and sweet. The we're the fries, I recommend the parmasean dipping sauce, we have to get a second (it was that good).  The Pork chops and chicken were flavorful, the mac and cheese was a must! Service was a little slow and the server could have been around more the food made it with it!
5	My wife and I love this place. We frequent this establishment a few times a month. Great dishes and great drinks. The atmosphere is awesome too.
5	Our all-time favorite restaurant.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, Firefly is one of the 1st places we must go to.  The food is always excellent and is presented (unlike most restaurants) exactly as it looks in their advertised photos.  Our menu favorites are their petite filet, apple & manchego salad and the stuffed dates, but there are so many more that are amazing.  And, their Sangria is the Best this side of Spain.  I'm not kidding.  Once you have tried Firefly's Sangria, no one else's will ever be acceptable again.
5	Best tapas restaurant in las vegas.  I can't get enough of Firefly and you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  If you want to impress your gf, wife, date, etc., take her here next time you're in Vegas.  It's just a few blocks from the strip but worth the drive.  It can get pretty crowded during dinner time, so you might need a reservation if you're not prepared to wait.  I highly recommend their bacon wrapped dates, even though the portion size on this particular dish is pretty small.
4	Some of the best in Town! I could eat the bacon wrapped dates all day! I love the selection at Firefly, but the amount of delicious food makes it difficult to not order the same things every time I go back. The lamb chops were perfect and they had skewers with shrimp/filet that were packed with flavor! I also recommend the tomato soup, which is served with Fireflies take on a grilled cheese sandwich. It brings back childhood memories in a classy way. Firefly is a great place for a date, night out with the girls, or celebration with friends. The atmosphere varies from fun to romantic,and that's what makes it such a classy place to be! I'm a wine drinker, but I will say that their white and red sangrias are both delicious
4	After hearing about Firefly on Paradise for years, I was happy with my first visit and can't wait to return. As the other reviews have stated, this is an excellent spot for group outings as well as intimate dates. While my wife and I enjoyed our meal, I'd suggest going with a group so everybody has a chance to try a wide variety of tapas.My wife and I decided on an early dinner on a Sunday night and booked our reservation through Open Table on Yelp, which was easy and convenient. We arrived and were seated immediately. It was still early for Vegas, so the restaurant was not fully buzzing yet. Our server Nahum greeted us and he was terrific throughout the dinner, as were the additional servers who promptly removed empty plates and refilled our drinks. Nahum explained some of Firefly's dishes and offered a few recommendations. We went with a few of the more popular items and since we'd had our share of meat during lunch that day, we went with dishes that were not meat-centric.The tapas we tried:The stuffed dates were outstanding and lived up to the hype. I was a bit weary at first, thinking that the bacon wrapping would overwhelm the date, but it was used more for its smoky qualities and the almond center was a nice way tie in all of the flavors. Highly recommended.The fresh garbanzos were a nice snack seasoned with lime, chili, and sea salt. It was the first time I'd had them served in their shell; it was similar to munching on edamame, but with more flavor. The Firefly Fries were shoestring potatoes topped with parmesan and herbs and served with aioli. I didn't think they were anything extraordinary, but my wife really enjoyed the comfort food quality they brought to our meal. We both enjoyed the manchego mac and cheese, which was made with baby shell pasta instead of elbow macaroni and topped with a tomato-pepper relish. It was rich, creamy, and mellow.The camarones a la diabla were more sweet than spicy, with the shrimp cooked perfectly and served in the sauce along with small pieces of grilled bread.Surprisingly, the tapas filled us up more than we thought they would, so we intend to return to sample the other dishes as well as their popular sangria. We did, however, leave room for dessert and devoured the chocolate tres leches cake. It was a perfect ending to our dinner.Note: it's unfortunate there's no sort of dress code at Firefly. It's a nice restaurant, but when diners show up looking like they just returned from their hotel's swimming pool, it ruins the atmosphere. I'm reserving my fifth star for a future visit.
5	This restaurant is awesome! Great place to eat and have drinks. They have a beautiful bar with a vast array of liquor to suit any taste and seats plenty! The substance of the food menu is filled with flavor and caters to a wide range of vivid tastes, and the price is excellent for such high quality food! Totally recommend for anyone looking for a great meal and cool atmosphere,  perfect for friends, family or dates!
5	I really love firefly!! I've already written a review but I feel the need to write another! I went in the other night and received a free pitcher of sangria, complements of the owner for my loyalty! The food here is always top notch and I must repeat: the Sangria is so delicious- easily the best Sangria in Vegas, and it's definitely in the top 3 best sangrias I have ever had (and I've had A LOT of Sangria!)If you're looking for a fun restaurant, with great food, excellent drinks and good service, go to Firefly. It's one of my favorite places in Vegas
5	Great food. Good selection but not too much. I had friends from out of town and they really enjoyed trying and sharing everything. No one was disappointed with their selections. Service was impeccable. Will definitely go again.
5	We went there last night .....We call first to se if we need a reservation the girl over the phone was super nice *****+ Jessica I think was her name .We got there sat at the patio  nice ambient. We mentioned that we gave a Groupon  ..Well I use those before always is a funny reaction with the server but not there we got super service! The mojitos strong  and nice flavor We try 9 diferentes tapas all delicious but we did not like one of them they replaced with out a question .THANK YOU JESUS ... that happen to be the server name Even the mgr was nice and friendly .Great great experience ..
1	This place used to good not sure what happened. Lamb chops were flavorless, soup was bland, and the service was terrible. Gazpacho was the worst! Barely ate anything we ordered. Don't waste your money.
5	Order the stuffed dates ( bacon wrapped, smoked almonds, red wine reduction, blue cheese) Camarines a la diabla was perfection. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms needed more kick. Chicken and mushroom blended out any flavors they were aiming for. Seriously, just start at the top of the menu and start working your way through. I'll be back for round 2,3,4,5,etc.
5	My wife and I, hosted a small wedding reception in their semi private area.  They handled the event with exceptional service by their staff.  I would recommend the venue for this type of event.The only downside was that I happened to chop down on an olive.  I expected it to be pitted, and I found it to have a pit.  Unfortunately, my tooth was not receptive.  Firefly handled it in a very responsible and professional manner.  Great time was had by all.
5	My friend David obrought me here this place it was amazing irina was our server and the food was so tasty
5	Amazing food. Great service. Bacon wrapped dates, lamb chops, garbanzo beans, mushroom shrimp steak skewers were all awesome! The food came out insanely quick as well. Wish there was a location in Houston!
5	Firefly...there is no substitute for this place.  Bacon wrapped dates, Sangria, Tuna tartare, filet skewers...this place never disappoints.  Be sure you say hi to Athena at the bar - she rocks.
5	The new place is very nice. Great bar, great staff, great food. A good variety on the menu. TVs in the bar and a good Happy Hour.
5	Well we saw the good reviews on yelp so we decided to try it out. I have to say, I really enjoyed the place. We made reservations for 5:30pm on a Wednesday. I know it was early, but I like to eat an early dinner. This was a birthday also for my friend so this is where we went.When you pull in the parking lot, there is some street work going on and the parking lot seems plain. Most of the parking is in the back. Not really impressive looking. But when you walk in the front door, it is like an oasis. Beautiful inside. VERY nice.I had checked the menu ahead of time and about the last 50 Yelp reviews so I had written down the accumulation of the six most recommended food items. You will need about 3 items each for a man my size (6'1 225 lbs). My friend got a red wine sangria, which I tasted, it was VERY good. I'm not a wine drinker either. I'd probably get the sparkling sangria next time. I got the strawberry mojito. Good but too sweet to have with dinner. We got and shared the:Bacon wrapped stuffed dates. Everybody says to get these. These and the sangria were probably the most listed items on the prior 50 Yelp reviews. I didn't see it. They were ok, but not to die for. Would I eat them again? Oh yeah. Would I order them again? No. The petit filet. This was the most expensive item at $12.50 and a very small piece, but very good piece of filet. It sat on a bed of tomatoes and spinach and diced potatoes that was very good. Wouldn't get it again as money can be better spent.Chorizo and chicken stuffed mushrooms topped with melted cheese. Yummo! I would get this again. I am half Mexican though so I may like chorizo more than most.The scallops escargot. There are NO snails in this, just made with garlic and butter. You get 6 decent size scallops cooked to perfection. I would totally get these again. Gotta try these.Camarones a la diabla. Fantastic! The best thing we had. Decent size shrimp, cooked perfectly, in a sauce that is hot, but not too hot, and sweet also. The sauce is so good that you want to dip the bread they give you into any remaining sauce. Five shrimp came in a serving. Tierra y mar skewers. These are skewers that are maybe $8.50. So $4 cheaper than the petit filet. On each skewer is a chunk of filet, a shrimp, a chunk of tomato and a piece of chorizo. You get three skewers and if you combine the amount of filet on each skewer you get more on the skewers than in the petit filet. So get this instead of the petit filet and save. We both had the chocolate and cherry bread pudding for dessert. We could have shared one dessert but weren't sure how big it was. It was a big serving of bread pudding and a rather large scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. No bourbon sauce. But like I said, even if there are three of you, just share one as you will already be full. If it is not someone's birthday, I'd just skip the dessert.My TIPS:Ask for Alejandro, as he was a superb server. He was always around if you needed him, but never a bother. TIP 2: order all items at once as they bring them out as they get cooked. Ours were staggered and since they are small plates, the most we had at once at the table were two items out of 6. TIP 3: get the tierra y mar skewers instead of petit filet.TIP 4: get the sangria. It really is that good. TIP 5: Make a reservation. We got there at 5:20pm on a Wednesday. Maybe 1/4 full at most. By 5:45pm it was 3/4 full and by 6pm it was completely full. On a Wednesday. It's a nice place and worth it. We were dressed fine and we were in shorts and Hawaaian shirts.Our bill with two drinks each and 6 Tapas and two desserts was $86.75 and with tip $102. If you cut out the desserts, that would be $17 less after tax and tip. Which would bring the bill down to $85 for two. Of course if you drink water instead of the 4 alcoholic drinks, that would save a lot more, maybe $30 more when you think about the tax and tip.... but I want the two drinks. hehe.
5	This place is amazing!! This is a staple when we come in to town for a Vegas vacation!! I know there was some drama with a health issue. However, I am a huge germ freak and the new location is great and the staff is wonderful!! I love this place! I wish we had one in Minnesota!!!
4	This is an easy restaurant to rate 4-stars.  We discovered it through the reviews of other Yelpers.  The service was excellent, food very good, reasonable prices, unique dishes, nice atmosphere, easy parking.It's where the locals eat, as well as the folks you see performing for you on the strip.  It's where you will spend half of what you will spend on the strip, and get double the quality.  We would check this restaurant out again next time in Vegas.
5	What a beautiful place!Delicious food! Thank you for having vegan options! The staff, especially GM Carlos, was so friendly and accommodating! One of my best experiences in Las Vegas so far!!
5	Make your reservation now! This place has spoiled me for food. Everything we ordered was delicious and memorable. This is a foodies paradise.
5	This place was highly recommended to be by a few people, and I had really high expectations. The bad part about high expectations is that most of the time they are not met. However, Firefly went above and beyond, and I absolutely loved it.This restaurant serves Tapas, which is basically small plates and/or appetizers. Our table decided to just order a bunch of these small dishes and share them all, which was nice because it would have been so difficult to just select one! Everything we ordered tasted fresh and amazing, and have AMAZING flavor - from the stuffed dates to the mac n cheese to the tuna tartare. For us, they brought out the dishes one by one, so we were able to focus on one dish at a time, passing it around the table for everyone to serve themselves. It is quite a different experience than most restaurants, but I definitely enjoyed this method. We also ordered a pitcher of Mango Mojitos, which we SO yummy. The mango did not taste artificial at all. The atmosphere of this restaurant is pretty modern and artistic. We had a unique dinner because we were able to experience both the inside and outside seating. At first, we chose to sit outside because there were beautiful round fairy lights, and the inside seating seemed a bit to dark for my liking.  We really loved sitting outside, until the thunderstorm started! We were quickly moved inside, just before the large amounts of water soaked through the thin cotton overhang. The inside has a great ambiance - dark and candlelit - but I did like the outside more, before the storm obviously. The staff was very accommodating and helpful, especially when we had to quickly move inside. They said "grab your drinks, and we will take care of the rest". It was very nice of them to brave the storm outside which got crazy pretty quickly.  Our server was also very friendly, and was helpful with our questions about the menu. This is amazing quality food for not that expensive, ESPECIALLY for Vegas.  I don't know if/when I will be back to Vegas, but if I do, I will definitely be coming here again!
4	Wow! This place was a great find!I had been told by my coworker to check this place out if we wanted to escape from the Vegas strip for a little while and this place did not disappoint! Incredible tapas, the perfect portions to share and the most delicious sangria! The bacon wrapped dates were amazing and I had the cheese fondue dip with chorizo that was out of this world!You can tell that this place is filled with locals and it is such a great break from the intensity of Las Vegas. The atmosphere is fun but not overwhelming and filled with cigarette smoke. Our server Neo was wonderful and so attentive even though we had a very large, distracted group. When I'm back in Vegas I will definitely stop by again!
1	My husband and I just went there for lunch today and it was extremely disappointing. We ordered a veggie paella because we missed the paella we tried there couple years ago. So after 40 mins passed, the paella came with so little rice, and it was really more like a stir fried veggie instead of paella. Paella is a rice dish, there should have been a reasonable amount of rice but there was really not much rice! I remember they gave more than that years ago. And I have eaten paella in various restaurants, so I know how a paella should be. The paella today at Firefly was absolutely ridiculous. It was like a stir fried veggie with little rice sprinkled on it and then stirred together. We felt totally cheated. We didn't send it back because we didn't want to wait another 40 mins. And we totally lost faith in this place so we didn't bother to ask them for making a new one or ordering some other tapas instead. I ended up not touching the paella after 2 bites, and my husband ate the whole thing; he was able to finish it by himself because there was hardly any rice to make him full. the menu said paella is meant for 2-4 people, so u can imagine how little rice there was when my husband could finish it by himself! Compared with the paella we got there years ago, we couldn't finish the whole thing together years ago, while my husband can finish the sorry pathetic "paella" today by himself. It was really jacked up and we got out of there as soon as my husband finished it, and now we are sitting in another restaurant to get fed. We will not go back to Firefly again, it was not like what we had years ago. I never see any paella with so little rice in it in my whole life! Totally not an honest business. $20 for a stir fried veggie looking paella was totally wrong!
5	GREAT SERVICE! GREAT FOOD! The manager Eduardo went above and beyond out of his way to make sure we had a memorable dining experience. He felt a little bad bc there was confusion when we got sat and it took a little bit too long for our server to get to us. Thank you Eduardo for everything I have a new found love for this place.
4	Great food!! We tried many different dishes including the scallops, calamari, tuna tartare, but our favorites were the bacon wrapped dates!! And the Great  chocolate bread pudding was the best !!
3	I was skeptical to come back here, but my friend was insistent on getting tapas. I thought the food was okay, but it wasn't mind-numbingly amazing and mouth watering.AMBIANCE: 4 - I'm not gonna deny that this is a really nice venue. It is dimly lit with very organized tables inside. Also, they let you sit wherever you want to. With the dim lights, and sitting with my best friend "alone" in the lounge--it was pretty romantic haha! The whole place is very lounge-like, and actually pretty comfortable. SERVICE: 3 - As with many places, the service was pretty good in the beginning, and got slower and worse towards the end! Most of the food came out fast, but some of them came out an hour later than the rest! FOOD: 3 - I don't have any food that I really want to shine a light on. None of it really popped out at me or was really amazing that it was worth mentioning. Probably the best part of the meal was my strawberry mojito, which was pretty well done! I'm going to say this as a generalization, because this happened with all the dishes we ordered. The food taste was average to above average. But, with every dish there was major problems such as really dry meat, it sometimes tasted off or not right, or the cheese that they used wasn't as luxurious tasting compared to the rest of the dish. In conclusion, it was good, but it wasn't great. Lastly, I don't wanna be one of those people, but I think I should mention this anyway..My friend and I both got stomach aches not long after we ate. I had never eaten there since 2010 or 2011 and my friend had never eaten at Firefly previously. My real complaint is that they should have kept the Firefly on the west side open instead of this one!
2	This is a Las Vegas favorite that has been publicized and pretty well overrated. One of the only things really worth having is their sangria beyond that I like their fries and that would be it. Service isn't much to really rave about. It's always packed with annoying college kids and has so much bad rep when it comes to health code violations you will always worry about it every time you go.
5	Food is awesome...and the Sangria is the best I've had in a long time. This is a total hidden gem being a couple of blocks off the strip. Payless, get better food and drinks!
1	I ate here this past Friday night as a party of 6. The ambience was nice, service friendly, and food was very good. However, all 6 of us suffered from very violent food poisoning. I'm at the 48 hour point and am still recovering. The other location in Las Vegas was shut down due to not following health codes. (Thus why this restaurant opened) Looking at some other recent reviews I noticed others mentioning stomach aches. Under no circumstances will I ever eat here again as no food is worth this amount of discomfort. Eat here at your own risk!
5	We asked for a quiet area for our business dinner and got it. What a fabulous meal! The food was exceptional and affordable. Scallops were perfect, dates were delicious, lamb was exceptional - I highly recommend.
5	excellent service and great tasting food.just came back from Spain and I must say their tapa dishes taste better then few restaurants I've tried in Spain.orderedtun a tartare--love the taro chipsstuffed datesbaked codscallops escargotchicken chorizo stuffed mushroomdesert platter-------amazing! love everything on the platter!
5	The first time I visited Firefly was in 2013 for a wedding reception and I had the best time munching on the bacon wrapped dates and downing mojitos.  So when I was planning my high school's 20th reunion, I immediately thought of Firefly, a hip, super fun place to have a great dinner and hang out with friends.From the initial email I sent Regina with Banquets to payment at the event, the whole deal went without a glitch.  Communication with Regina was a breeze and she answered all of my emails quickly.  Our group was small (under 50) and from out of town so naturally many of them were skeptical with the salmonella incidence and health inspection violations and closures at their other locations.  But I kept close communication with Regina and paid attention to the REPUTABLE recent reviews of Firefly on Yelp.  The affordable all you can eat banquet menu included their starter, a choice of 6 tapas, and "chocolate" tres leches cake for only $30 per person.  Out of their extensive selection, I chose the most popular based on yelp reviews:  artichoke toasts, stuffed dates, baby back ribs, patatas bravas, steak skewers, and camarones a la diable.  We decided on a cash bar that they set up in our private room and we added on unlimited soft drinks for $2.50 per person.  The room charge was $200 with a minimum $1000 food and beverage.  Our room was set up with one row of tables which initially seemed a little crowded, but turned out fine.  Our crowd mingled for about 20 minutes before I asked when the food would be served and they told me as soon as we were seated.  We sat down and like magic, the food was ushered in by the trays.  As expected the dates were a favorite, but people seemed to love the artichoke toasts, ribs and shrimp as well.  They are located minutes from the strip and parking in their lot was plentiful.  Our group had a great time and having it at Firefly was awesome.  Highly recommend Firefly for your banquet.  Excellent service from start to finish.
4	My favorite bar in Vegas is firefly! The food and drinks are DELICIOUS! My only problem is they don't offer any industry discounts! My friends and I always debate Firefly or Blue Martini and we usually end up at Blue for the 40% off drinks with a work badge. Come on Firefly step it up a bit! A small discount goes a long way ;)
5	Love Firefly, great tappas and mojitos.  Cant go wrong,
4	I had found this place via Yelp, and meanwhile a friend sent along a list of "10 best Vegas restaurants", and they were on it! I definitely agree they should be! This was really good. We ordered 4 tapas plates for 3 people, and each of them was memorably good. Generous portions for tapas, delicious. Ample parking. Attentive service. There was road construction in the general vicinity, but that amounted to a minor annoyance (especially since I wasn't the driver).
5	I came to Firefly for my 21st birthday, and it was one of the best meals I've had! (I could be biased since it was a pretty important milestone though.) Firefly also had great value, especially considering we were too full from Hash House to try a buffet. Tapas are the way to go!Standouts include:GazpachoStuffed mushroomsTilapiaSkewers -both steak and chickenIronically, the raspberry mojito was my least favorite part. So much for my 21st, right? At least they gave us a small dessert on the house.
5	This place was seriously amazing. One of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas. Can't wait to go back.
5	My favorite place to take people in Vegas. They have something everyone can like, and its a lot of fun ordering a bunch of stuff that everyone can try. Great fun and great food.
5	Really good small plates with Latin flavor. Clams, chorizo, dates, fish, mushrooms, chicken and so much more! Each one delicious. Go with a group and order two per person. Fun and tasty. The price is very reasonable too!
5	I came in here with low expectations but I gave it 5 stars because of the price, variety of dishes and the taste of all our dishes.  My favorites was their octopus dish and the meat was much more tender than normal with a nice flavor.  Their beers went well with our tapas too.  Lively and fun place and we all laughed all night,  The scallops escargot tasted way better than it sounds and the scallops were very tender cooked this way.  I want to try so many more dishes but I stuffed myself on all the little dishes we were all sharing.  The bill was half as much as I thought it was going to be so this place is a bargain for what you get.
4	My girlfriend had been dying to try Firefly for quite some time and kindly decided to take me for a belated birthday dinner. We were able to make reservations through open table via the yelp app (very cool and super easy)! Based upon reviews of Helpers and friends Firefly was surely a place that would please our curious appetites.The service we received was attentive and extremely helpful. Our server had us stop ordering after we selected 6 items suggesting that it may be too much food for 2 people. I had a craving for a cocktail and order the Cherry Mule. It was such a creative take on the Moscow Mule with the twist of adding the St. Germaine's lovely flavor. Thebread and butter was absolutely a great pairing. The butter was sweet and the bread was slightly salty. Our server recommended the figs which we loved! They were stuffed with candied walnuts and sprinkled with cheese as well as a great lightly drizzled sauce. Next were the tuna tartar & ceviche. The tuna tartar was accompanied by fried taro chips and not only did it look good it was also very filling. If I had to pick a favorite of the Tuna Tartar and the Ceviche, then it'd be the ceviche hands down. It was so flavorful and refreshing! The next item was the spicy beef salad and item did not disappoint with its slight kick and yummy dressing! We decided to try out the Diablo shrimp and octopus. Of the 2 dishes I'd recommend the shrimp over the octopus since octopus seemed to have too much going on. We decided to add another dish for good measure. I must confess that Chicken AND Chorizo was my absolute favorite dish!!!! What an amaze combo of tastiness! To end our meal we ordered the gelato trio and chocolate trees leches cake. The chocolate tres leches cake was ok. I've had better versions in Santa Ana and at other establishments, but the Gelato Trio was spot on!
5	I work in fine dining and am a self-proclaimed foody, so I'm not ignorant when it comes to judging food. Everything was delicious, the sauces that complimented every dish were excellent, and flavors were layered expertly. The stuffed dates (wrapped in bacon) were exceptional. Service was professional and attentive. Atmosphere was both casual and classy. A very nice experience.
5	Needed a late evening light meal after getting to Vegas. Found that Firefly was near my hotel, which is near the Convention Center. The food was very good as well as the service.
5	Best Tapas Restaurant in Vegas (and elsewhere).   Food is delicious, service is quick and prices are extremely reasonable for vegas.  Worth ordering were the dates, diablo shrimp and the apple and manchego salad.
4	Firefly is a vibrant little tapas restaurant that's great for large groups. We were treated to some nice, cool fall weather on the outdoor patio. The menu has a huge selection of tapas, broken down by hot, chilled, meat & poultry, and seafood. Their eclectic food choices are matched by their drinks menu with numerous types of cocktails, beers, wines, and sangria. With a large group, we were able to try a bunch of their most popular tapas. My favorites included the ahi tuna skewer with mustard-ginger glaze, the ham and cheese croquetas, and the manchego mac 'n cheese. The firefly fish sticks were a bit over-fried. For dessert, we tasted the banana-nutella sandwiches and the trio of gelatos. Nothing special that couldn't be store-bought and made at home. All in all, Firefly is a nice place to grab a drink and some food after work, but I imagine the value to be better during happy hour 3-6 PM or reverse happy hour 11-1 AM.
5	TAPAS, amazing, just simply fantastic, delicious, so many to choose from tapas.The stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were the most spectacular, delicious thing ever, camarones a la diabla oh my word. Just simply delightful, we were embarrassed we kept wanting to dip the bread in the sauce, it was the perfect amount of sweetness and perfect kick of spice, the most wonderful shrimp a la diabla. The Chicken and mushroom paella is new, different, but a very well made, and delicious paella, never tried anything like it, very tasty and flavorful.We pigged out here, literally, we had 4 tapas, anything you choose will be amazing, plus paella, and Sangria. I am definitely planning on coming back here, most definitely, our waitress was very kind, sweet, and welcoming, very helpful also to when it came to tapa choosing.
5	So yum yum!
4	Firefly is a good Tapas restaurant.  The restaurant is quite large, so it's not too difficult to get a reservation.  Also, the service was fast enough, and the food was enjoyable.  There was nothing that blew me or Mr. Riches out of the water, but it was a good Tapas meal.  This is more a spanish tapas restaurant.  We went with a large group, so were able to try quite a few dishes.  The stand out for me was the diablo shrimp. Out of all the dishes, it was definitely the best!If you are in Las Vegas, and want to venture slightly off the strip for some reasonably priced good food, give firefly a try!
5	I had the best grilled scallops, grilled chicken.....topped off with excellent chocolate and cherry bread pudding for dessert!!  Great bartenders tonight taking care of everything!!  This place is HIGHLY recommended!!
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The menu has a wide variety and since the portions are small, you can try so many different things. The octopus, grilled shrimp, petite fillet were among my favorites. Great ambiance!
5	This location is working hard for your business! The servings are generous for tapas! The mojitos and sangria are excellent!I highly recommend all of their dishes as I've tried almost all of them!Don't forget to use your bread to soak up the tasty sauces from the plates!Nahum in an awesome server! Thank you!
4	Overall food was great! So much different types of food and well we were brought  here by my friend because he LOVES the sangria...and boy he was right!!! I usually get headaches when I drink sangria, but for some reason I didnt get one when I drank it.  My friend also mentioned that their servings were a bit bigger than what it was before thus the priced increased by an average of $1. Tried the chicken and mushroom paella, ahi tuna skewer, steak and mushroom skewer, manchego mac n' cheese,  spare ribs,  baked scallops, shrimp tempura, and escargot.  All BOMB.The service was good... but there were lull times of waiter for the come  but when he did come, he was nothing but polite.
4	Excellent experience. First time doing the Tapas thing and was not disappointed. The food and drinks were perfect and I would highly recommend it.
5	Love this place! This is the 2nd time coming here on my trips to Vegas. Delicious tapas. Highly recommended.
3	I've been coming here for a very long time & I could actually say it's okay for the price you are paying, but then again they specialize in tapas. The reason I gave them 3 stars was because they have an amazing red sangria and that I cannot deny. Service is always good, but just be prepare to wait for a table for a very long time on some occasions.
4	I LOVE this place.  I am probably the only person in the world who does not eat bacon, so I have never tried their bacon wrapped dates...but apparently, they are to die for.  I always get the stuffed piquillo peppers and artichoke toast.  I love the steak and mushroom skewers and veggie empanada,   I had to deny them one star because they changed the way they make their blood orange mojito.  I was told by the manager this was due to to people complaining that it was too sweet.  Well...if you don't like sweet, get a regular mojito.  They made me a new one the "old way" but it wasn't the same.  This was a year ago.  And although I have returned several times since, I have not ordered the mojito so not sure if it is still the new and unimproved version.  It would also be nice if happy hour included food too...but their tapas are reasonably priced, regardless.
5	I am going to be thinking about the meal we had here for awhile and crying because there is not one near my house. Flavors were amazing. We ordered about 12 dishes and all were so good. Food came out fast and staff was great. SO FREAKING GOOD!!!
5	Amazing!  A great experience. Food and service were exceptional.  Do yourself a favor and skip the overly priced Chef themed restaurants on the strip and get to Firefly.  Order anything that sounds good and you will love it!  Shrimp diablo, apple salad, petite filet, scallops, bacon wrapped dates all phenomenal!  The only thing that was just ok was the pork empanda.  Had sangria and flan for dessert.  Great.  Love this place.  Will be back.
5	I've been there only once, and that was as part of a group luncheon.But, the food was terrific and the service was even better.There was a total of six folks in our little group, and everything was so perfect, I picked up the check for everyone.Few places make THAT kind of favorable impression on me.
5	I really like this restaurant. The environment was pretty relaxed but elegant. The appetizers & drinks were great and price was reasonable. I suggest if you go with a group of friends (like we did) we just all ordered and did it family style. That way you all can try everything on the menu :)
5	Why has no one forced us to try this place before? Truly amazing food. We had 6 different plates and dessert. The service was great too. We don't live close, but worth the drive.
4	This place is excellent! Quite a mini hidden gem for me. Is off the strip on Paradise Blvd, but only a few minutes drive from the strip. Firefly is known for their tapas and their sangria is DELICIOUS! I ordered the "Ahi Tuna Skewer"- The seared Ahi Tuna was cooked perfectly, and the presentation was nice. There's two skewers and there's pineapple bits in-between every ahi tuna cube. The pineapple and tuna goes pretty well together.The sangria was AMAZING! I had two glass. So good. It was not too strong yet not too light. However, my girlfriend got tipsy drinking it. Funny. It's really good though. Definitely recommend others to get it.The ambiance was nice. Dimmed lights inside. Service was great.
4	Like this place a lot. When visiting try to keep it simple. Bacon wrapped dates, albondigas, patatas bravas , etc. get a pitcher of sangria and enjoy your evening!! They moved down the street from their old location so now there is more room and you don't have to wait for an hour to get a table. Still it's busy, so plan to show up lil early.
4	The tomato bread was amazing and the Serrano sliders tasted so good. Every thing I had was delicious.
5	Awesome service and atmosphere. The menu is deep and diverse with something for everyone's taste buds. Took a group of six for lunch today. Everything was amazing. I especially liked the beef skewers, the and the artichoke hearts. We sampled 7 dishes and ordered a total of 10, since we doubled up on the skewers, the artichoke, and croquettes (so amazingly good!)The sangria was also great. Overall I would highly recommend it
5	This place is fantastic as a couple or in a bigger group.  Great tapas, great menu of either adventurous or more standard choices.  Reasonably priced.   Suggest you order a couple and then keep adding on because you get full pretty fast.   With so many new and different dining choices in Vegas I always tell myself to try someplace new, but every trip I find myself back here.  Never disappoints.
5	I am so glad I found this place on yelp. Stopped here for dinner before heading back to Orange County, and the place blew our mind. Went with a group of 5 people and we ordered a bunch of tapas to share family style. Everything we ordered was on point delicious. What makes this place even more amazing is the service they have. The entireStaff is so happy to serve. They greet you with a smile, they serve your food with a smile...everyone here is so happy. Definitely will be stopping by every time we're in Vegas. We had the fried calamari, Mac and cheese, tuna tartare, firefly fries, Tierra y mar skewers, mushroom tart, muscles, and beet salad. Along with the free bread they serve with almond butter. Awesome! Best place we ate at during our Vegas trip. Love love love this place! Must try!
5	I came here because I'm one food borne illness away from my goal weight!!!  Okay actually I like the food here and since it is tapas style I can put a variety of things in my mouth.  Most of the time I come in here and drink a lot so I can pretend I'm a rich old lady and the Latin staff are my hot pool boys.  That's what I love about firefly's atmosphere!
5	Everything we had was amazing. The table ooh'd and aww'd with every bite. The bread and spread alone are wicked good. I can just eat that alone and be happy. Seriously.Any way, what did we order?1. 2 pitchers of Sangria (one white, one red) Both tasted good! Comes with infused apple pieces. 2. Bacon wrapped dates. These are off the charts! Crispy and extreme flavor!3. Manchego Macaroni and Cheese; the best cheese to use in this dish - so decadent!4. Tuna Tartare  with Taro Chips; this is really good and refreshing. Tasty!5. Steak and Mushroom skewers. I wish I knew what kind of sauce they use for this cause it's fabulous! 6. Ham and Cheese Croquetas - manchego cheese again! Yum! Some thought it was a bit salty; but I love salt! LOL.7. Baked Cheese; whoa! Didn't think I'd like it, but I loved it!8. Firefly fries; great combo with the Sangria; carbo load while drinking! Plus their fried to perfection and has a great seasoning!9. Paella! Whoa! We got the seafood one and it was a great ending to the rest of our tapas! It was able to give a sampling to 7 people and everyone loved it!You can't go wrong with anything you order here. Everything tastes so good. I have brought friends and family alike here, and it is ALWAYS a winner and becomes a favorite to all! Go now!
5	Even in a place with so many great restaurants, this is a gem. Amazing food. Good service. Bit noisy, but with conversation, no doubt about the food.Tried:Albondigas (meatballs): 7/10Padron peppers: 8/10Ribs: 9/10Merguez: 8/10Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushroomsChicago beef bocadillos
5	The original had a bit more character, it was aged and awesome. Locals knew this whole in the wall that was sooo cool and hip. The new place is new, bigger and the food is just as good and on this Tuesday evening it was packed. Yeah for Firefly. I hope they can add more locations again in the future.
4	Delicious sangrias, and a very create tapas menu, everyone we told about Firefly said it was their favorite place! From the The cab attendant at the hotel, to the cabbie, everyone raved about it, this is definitely a much loved which even the locals enjoy. It's a nice looking restaurant, not over the top like most other places in Vegas, service was friendly and the food was excellent.We tried:- Artichoke toasts- Stuffed Dates- Roasted Veggies- Patapas Bravas- Empanadas- Steak & Mushroom Skewers- Ham & Cheese CroquetesEverything was delicious, the only one we didn't care for was the Baked Tetilla (Chorizo & cheese fondue) but everything else was excellent. I would love to go back next time I'm in town.
4	Love coming here for a tasty bite that doesn't break the bank like most restaurants on the strip. Be prepared for a hefty selection of tapas options. I really like the apple and manchego salad - a nice combination of tart/sweet and salty.Mac n cheese is a tasty choice as well. Of course, you have to get the bacon wrapped dates. Just don't freak out when you find a hard thing in the middle - it's just a crunchy almond. Fries were meh when I went - they weren't freshly fried. The best thing about this place is it's open until 1am for those late weekday parties.
5	Firefly on ParadiseLocation/Parking: If I said it's "on Paradise" you would probably smack me, so whatever. Google it.Atmosphere: We saw a bit about Firefly on Paradise on the show Restaurant Stakeout a few months ago and wanted to give it a try. What a find! This is the kind of place you want to spend 3-4 hours at a time, nibbling on small plates of awesome deliciousness and drinking countless glasses (and by glasses I mean bottles) of wine. It's beautifully decorated with dark, bold reds, striking paintings on the walls, eye-catching chandeliers, and a big open dining room with several smaller sectioned off tables for privacy. Great place to meet up with friends or to have a first date. Cleanliness: No issues. This place is spotless. The bar is clean, stocked, organized, and well lit. Glasses and silverware are always sparkly and shiny.Service: Attentive without hovering. You can take your time ordering and no one is rushing you to take your plate away as you nibble. You can linger as long as you want before and after your meal. It's nice.Food/Drinks: We always get the house Cabernet and it's always delicious. Only $5 a glass and it goes great with pretty much everything on the menu. 6/6/13 - We had the house Cabernet, Warm Spinach Salad, Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and Baked Tilapia cooked with lemon, butter, and garlic. The bread is delicious. Fantastic meal!11/1/13 - Tried a more expensive Cabernet and it was really nice. Had more bread than I care to mention, Artichoke Hearts, Lamb Chops, Chicken Tinga Empanada, and the Manchego Mac 'n' Cheese. Yummy!5/29/14 - We had several glasses of the house Cabernet, bread, Chicken Tinga Empanadas, Ham and Cheese Croquetas, Stuffed Dates, and Lamb Chops. Delicious!5/30/14 - Had the house Cabernet, bread, Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni, Boquerones, Petite Filet, and Serrano Sliders. Outstanding!5/31/14 - Third night in a row. This is craziness. We had the house Cabernet, bread, Tortilla a la Espanola, Pisto, Camarones al Ajillo, and the Garden Variety Salad. Another winner!8/4/14 - Came back for our wedding anniversary. Had countless glasses of the house Cabernet, Steak and Mushroom Skewers, Chicken Skewers, Bacon Wrapped Dates, and the Firefly Fries. Tasty! I could come here every night for a week.Happy Hour: I don't think there is one, but who cares? It's all tapas and it's all cheap, so stop your bitchin'.Price: Surprisingly reasonable for a place this nice. Anywhere from $5-$10 a plate. Really good quality dishes.I've been here six times so far and it never gets old. It's forever staying on my short list of places I have to visit in Vegas.
5	Great place! Food is spectacular. Favorite tapas dish is the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates; just amazing! Everything we had was really fantastic.- Bacon-wrapped Stuffed Dates- Tomato Bread- Baked Goat Cheese- Chicken Skewers- AlbondigasSo good!
