4	The location on Main St is now closed and moved to 63 N. Greenfield Rd. Ste 101MESA, AZ 85205.It is what it is - cheap pizza delivered.  It's one of the few places that delivers to my address and for that they get the 3rd star and a 4th star because they are always quick and friendly.  I'm not comparing the pizza to "good" pizza, but when I have a taste for greasy and salty pizza, Papa John's fills the need cheap and quick.  What more could I ask?
1	Pizza was fair to poor; wings were inedible and took them back; I was told I needed to order "well done" if I wanted them cooked through. I was given replacement order - same problem - undercooked. Establishment accepted complaint but I got the impression I was the "heavy" and each staff member witnessing my complaint gave me the "eye" like I was not credible. First Papa John's experience and the last for sure.
3	It's your average pizza chain. You know what you're going to get. Online ordering makes it easy, and if the Dbacks win the previous night, using code DBACKS50 will get you 50% off original prices. That's the only time I will order from here.
1	It's hard to be consistently disappointed when you're already expecting mild disappointment, but you've managed to do just that Papa John's. Orders jacked up more than once; deliveries running 15 minutes late like it's your job... But tonight was the last straw. Almost an hour late for mediocre (at best), middle-of-road, national chain pizza on a Tuesday (meaning no major pizza consuming televised sporting events) evening - horseshit! I'm done with you. When I want to be disappointed in shitty pizza, I'll use your location on Mesa and Brown.
1	Well... I came here once and almost vomited at the soggy pizza.. I decided to give it a second try and just get a pepperoni instead of a pizza with multiple toppings and to my surprise or was not bad. I have returned multiple times and I can say that 75% of he times the server is down or they're late or are put of my topping. It's ridiculous. Not to mention he customer servos is very very poor.
1	Got good pizza here a couple of times and then something happened.  Last 2 times I ordered it took forever.  80 min. today instead of the 30-40.  Even got a medium pizza instead of a large, cold and undercooked.  They said they will credit me but I am still upset about having such an awful meal.
1	I stopped here 12/16 around 7pm to order a few pizzas for dinner.  I placed my order the guy took my payment and walked over to make pizzas.  I didn't see him wash his hands or anything but thought maybe I just didn't see it. ( gave him the benefit of the doubt  after all who would do something so gross. Handle Money and then touch food. ). So then another customer comes in  pays with cash.  the same guy takes the money and then walks right over to a bin of dough and begins to stretch it and shape it.  I work with money all day. Money is filthy it smells like sweat and who knows where it has been.  I then asked to cancel my pizzas and get my money back. He told me he didn't make my pizza yet. Well yay for me. bummer for anyone getting pizza from here on Tuesday night.  I'm going guess that is a common practice at this papa johns that guy appeared to be the manage so if he doesn't care about hygiene then his employees don't either.  So I won't be returning to this papa johns.
