5	I have to be honest, the first time I went to this museum it was under duress. But as much as it kills me to have to say it, I'm glad my parents dragged me along. In fact, I've been back on several subsequent occasions with friends!This place is fascinating. It's tucked away in a little square just behind the imposing Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh building, where you buy your tickets from the main reception. There are always new exhibits coming and going, but on top of that there are 5 resident sections:The History of Dentistry is your first stop, with life-sized models and recreations of early 19th-Century dental surgeries, and fantastically preserved original tools of this torturous trade. Then you pass along to the History of Surgery, again with enough gory models and early drawings/diagrams to keep kids (or me!) entertained, whilst there is also plenty for the more science-minded to have a read of. Upstairs there's an exhibition of Sport, Surgery and Physical Wellbeing - this is definitely the more modern section of the museum, and anyone with an interest in sports or physio will no doubt find this bit fascinating.But my two favourite sections are the Burke and Hare exhibit and the History of Pathology. I thought I knew the infamous Burke and Hare story until I went along and had a read of the various sources and exhibits unavailable in other museums. If you're a tourist wanting to learn more about Edinburgh's famous history then this bit will definitely appeal to you.But they save the best until last: the History of Pathology. I have to be honest, it's not for those of you with weak stomachs, but as long as you're not on your way somewhere for lunch immediately afterwards I can't recommend this section highly enough. There is every kind of body part imaginable, infected with every single disease you could think of, pickled and preserved disturbingly well in jars of all shapes and sizes. They even have body parts of soldiers form the Crimean War still with canonball fragments embedded in them.Definitely worth a visit, and great value for money (although it's only open on weekends during the Edinburgh Festival and Easter Holidays).
5	OK I have to warn you - DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE QUEASY OR HAVE A SENSITIVE STOMACH, i.e. are easily freaked out by gory yucky stuff.It basically offers a rare insight in the evolution of the medical practise in Edinburgh, one of the leading centres in the field. This museum combines history and the body, so if CSI does not freak you out, and you have an appetite for gruesome history then this is the place for you. It's hardly noticeable and you will find signs directing to it from in front of the Surgeons Hall. Experience the evolution of medical and dental practise- and feel grateful to simple things like anaesthesia and x-rays!!There is also a room with human abnormalities, including some deformed foetuses and limbs in jars (don't say I didn't warn you!) A lot of the exhibits in fact come from the original museum establish in the Old Medical School next to Teviot Row House. You should keep in mind that by examining mutations and diseases this way, medicine evolved. However, as you may notice for yourself, it's fascinating how in almost every case you will read about museum, when someone is trying to change or improve medical practise, he is met by a huge reaction and negativity by his colleagues ( and the press) until lo and behold, antiseptics for example do actually work. Ah humans! There is also an interesting section on the inspiration of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle- a medical practitioner in Edinburgh, also known as the author of the famous Sherlock Holmes. Definitely worth a visit!
5	I love Surgeon's Hall. I first visited with a friend who has an equally morbid curiosity and we had a great time. Surgeon's Hall is run by the Royal College of Surgeons and is generally regarded as having one of the most important collections of its type in the world.Surgeon's Hall is essentially a medical museum charting the progress and development of dentistry and medicine. It is full of some very illustrative displays to bring this area of history to life! There are lots of gruesome things in jars and bits of pickled body parts. Although this is entertaining (for some) there is a genuinely educational and interesting side to all this, and the displays in Surgeon's Hall are informative without being overbearing.The Museum is really very big and don't expect to visit it all in one afternoon. I certainly needed more than one visit. The first big room is an exhibition about the history of dentistry. I didn't imagine I would enjoy this, but it was actually really fascinating (be glad you live in the 21st century). You will then move on to the largest section, a history of surgery from Roman times to present day. Further into the museum is a section on sports medicine and other exhibitions like the ever popular Burke and Hare exhibit.Maybe not great for a family day out but fantastic if you have any interest at all in medicine, or a fascination with the gruesome.Highly recomended!
5	While I was hoping it would be more like the Mutter Museum, Surgeons Hall did not disappoint. Not for the weak of heart and stomach, the museum is chock full of old bones, pickled bits in jars, plaster & wax casts and a heaping dose of educational information to boot. At the entrance, there's a dentistry room which isn't very gory at all - even I, who slips into a panic attack from just sitting in the dentists chair, managed to enjoy learning about the history of dentistry and looking at old tools, dentures and things. Once you're in the museum proper, you're presented with a wealth of information on the history of medicine in Scotland, and Edinburgh specifically. There's a bit on midwifery, the Burke & Hare section, some stuff about sports medicine that I skipped and a little about modern surgery, plastic and the like.The best part is definitely in the back. There's a big section on Arthur Conan Doyle (Holmes & Watson and their real-life chirurgeon muses) and loads on war medicine. It's pretty incredible, and rather sobering, to see what a musket ball or a saber can do to the human body. I wish we had been allowed upstairs, as I could spot shelves and shelves of bones and jars, some amazing scoliosis-curved spines that weren't on display below and just loads of other disgusting and fascinating things. Surgeons Hall Museum is a great place for those who are interested in anatomy and the history of medicine, but it's also good for those who just want to gape at oddities and be slightly grossed out. Watch out - you just might learn something in the process!
5	I want a medal and I want it to say I'm the bravest boy in Scotland!!! Honestly they should at least give you a t-shirt saying 'I made it round the Surgeon's Hall Museum without losing my Breakfast'.Perfect for those with a little morbid curiosity and those genuinely interested in the history of surgery and human anatomy.  The Easter weekend saw a 'back from the grave' special  performance by Prof. Joseph Lister who, dressed in period costume, entertained a small audience with tales of his pioneering techniques.I ran out of steam after an hour and half wandering around exhibits that included a face in a jar (I kid you not) and a tattooed chest complete with hairy bits.  My only regret was not waiting until I'd had lunch before my visit.  The best I could manage after was a little salad without dressing!On a more serious note, the trip does make you think about the skin you're in and how fragile we all are.  Nice.
4	I was taken here as an anniversary treat by my fiance. I know that sounds quite unromantic but I had been wanting to visit it for years. We had a really good time, it was incredibly interesting. Yes, you do have to have a strong stomach for it. I did cringe a bit at the feet with gangrene but it was fascinating nonetheless. It's a small museum, doesn't take more than an hour to go around and see everything. There's a lot of information about the surgeons and medical history, focussing specifically on Edinburgh University Medical School. The staff are very knowledgeable and friendly. There was a nice lady working there who came and told us all about the bullet wound injuries from (I think) the First World War.I won't be rushing back to do it again because, as I said, it isn't very big. But I would most definitely recommend a visit if you're in the area and have an hour or two to spare. I can't remember exactly how much the tickets were but they were certainly not expensive and they are also a nice little souvenir.
5	Grotesque. Horrible. Creepy. Stomach churning. Fascinating. I loved it! You must go here. Took me over two hours to get around the exhibits, and I left without seeing everything. An amazing yet blood curdling collection of surgical instruments, stories about medicine and thousands of curiosities, picked parts, varnished veins and wax-cast death masks. Gun shot wounds, cancerous tumours, maladies and problems from across the centuries. I'm not sure what was more frightening... The stuff people used to have to deal with, or the stuff that surgeons and doctors used to use on people that had stuff to deal with...
5	Like Claire C said - it is horrible and creepy but if you love bits of dissected brain and seeing what cancer actually looks like, then this is the place to come.We came here on Doors Open Day and it was a total treat! The upstairs section with all the 'stuff in jars' is usually closed to the public but with it being DoD, we got a tour upstairs and it was fascinating. Great range of surgical instruments, great historical details on the development of surgery in Edinburgh hospitals and by famous medics, it is a great way to also learn about the city too. There's the gory stuff about instruments - 'they used to use THAT?!?' but it's weirdly fascinating and no matter what part of your body you grab to check it is where it should be, you can't look away either.Staff are really knowledgable and have great stories about coming into work to find random 'jars' with all sorts of gruesome stuff on their desks on an average Monday morning. I'm definitely hoping to go back next year!
