2	This restaurant is located on Saguaro Lake near Mesa. This is a very beautiful location. The place is located at the western end of the lake, so in the evening one has (could have-see below) a beautiful view from their terrace on the rocky eastern shore of the lake. The place has also a boat rental. So far so good.When we saw it, we immediately decided to have a drink and enjoy the scenery. We went upstairs to their deck and were seated on a table right at the edge of the terrace. In principle this should have resulted in a happy experience. Unfortunately, the terrace is surrounded by an ugly concrete wall topped by a child proof additional barrier, which safely obstructs the gorgeous view. A typical US 'law suit prevention device'. So we sat there on bolted on plastic seats and looked at the barrier. A glance at the surrounding tables and the menu immediately suggested to eat elsewhere in favor of avoiding future heart problems. Extreme hamburgers, fried chicken and fries piles abound. Old folks stuffing themselves everywhere. This explained the old fryer oil smell wafting across the entire outdoor seating area. Our clothes were smelly after leaving the place after 30 min. It is just sad to see such a waste of prime real estate!! I am just imagining how this place would have been an elegant restaurant or a trendy bar for rich kids parading their bimmers in the evening sun if it had been located on the west or east coasts or in Europe. Think of having a well lubricated mojito with fresh mint leaves and an elegant appetizer in such a beautiful location...sigh...well, I guess we have to be content with a Bud Light and a beautiful view of the children barrier for now. Maybe in a few decades the hipsters of Phoenix will wake up and storm these trenches!
2	The previous review had it right by not ordering anything. Both of my stars are for the scenery and the location - nothing for the food at all.We were here for a Easter lunch today as we wanted to go someplace out of the way and peaceful on a beautiful Easter Sunday. The restaurant is on a beautiful location in the Saguaro Lake Marina, with a great view of the lake (and the aforementioned retaining wall). The location definitely deserves a better eatery. Our hostess was not very pleasant and seemed uninterested in our business or our reservation. The server was virtually nonexistent and also did not seem to care about the tables. We opted to sit on the patio so we could see the lake and it was a beautiful day.  A lot of the tables reminded me of a McDonald's table - molded plastic with fixed swivel chairs.The menu SOUNDS a lot better than it actually is - and we found out why from a conversation overheard with a server and customer at another table: The food for the restaurant is all purchased at Costco. That's right, Costco. That explains the uninspired Gyro with precut strips of meat, "Greek" salad consisting of what appeared to be bagged salad with cubed feta, olives and thick italian dressing. Another selection that sounded good until the plate arrived is the Malibu Chicken sandwich: Your standard Tyson chicken breast on a roll with a slice of Oscar Mayer ham and some rubberish cheese.Please let someone renovate this place - it could be a real gem with a good menu, solid food sourcing and a staff that cares more.
2	Two stars...for the location and that is about it. If someone with a half a brain would actually take the time to put some effort into this place it would be and actually could be alright...I feel like opening a hot dog stand right down the street, and would probably provide better service and food.Thought this place would have a great view on the patio but no, the view is obstructed by  a fence and a wall. the chairs a re small and uncomfortable I think they were originally stolen from a child's play ground. In general it was dirty most of the tables were not clean and there were flies everywhere.The staff was not only rude, but extremely slow, and it was not busy there. There were some dead people two tables away from us gumming their food ...now when I say dead I mean these people reminded me of the dead people from Michael Jackson's Thriller video...they all looked like they had one foot in the grave. For the most part there could of been maybe 7 people in the whole place. Not busy for a s slow as it was.Plus this place is extremely overpriced. almost $20.00 bucks just for me and all I got was the burger and fries with some Ice tea.I would say skip this place, pack a picnic and maybe go up to spend a quarter in the viewfinder for a 300 yard view of the lake another rip off...don't waste the quarter...I wouldn't even trust the vending machines outside this place. Find another place at the lake.
3	I didn't have the food but the dessert was awesome, and the coffee was great too. We didn't even realize before coming here for the Desert Belle boat ride that there would be anyplace to eat at all, we were pleasantly surprised to find this place. We came on a Thursday afternoon in February and it was pretty crowded, we had no reservation but only waited about 10 minutes for a table. Didn't care about a view (there's plenty of view outside and on the boat) and got a table outside overlooking the parking lot, but no complaints here since the scenery around was breathtaking. Our dessert came in huge dishes and we couldn't even finish it (well alright maybe we could). I ordered the brownie sundae, Mom got the strawberry shortcake with vanilla ice crearm, and my daughter got ice cream. We were impressed it was so good. We got a nice hostess and waitress and our service was just the right pace and we didn't feel rushed. I contemplated ordering the pulled pork sandwich, which I may next time, because I'm sure I'll be back. I wouldn't come here expecting a fancy and definitely not romantic waterfront restaurant, it's really for casual dining amongst beautiful scenery and tourists. Pair this with a boat trip on the Desert Belle.
2	Waiter was friendly but the other reviews here seem to hit the nail on the head.  This place has great potential but the food is bland and overpriced for the quality. Was forced into coming since some family had set up a reservation.
5	Typically, I'm a bit weary and critical of places with an average of only three stars, but we tried this place with family on a Monday morning for breakfast during a recent vacation to Phoenix.  If you find yourself in the area, it is well worth the scenic drive out to Lake Sagurao.  The food was great, but the view was spectacular!As I mentioned, we had breakfast. I had the corn beef hash.  It was made from scratch, big portions and very hearty.  The bacon was prepared perfectly as well. Don't expect a gourmet breakfast, but be ready to eat some great, home-cooked food.  I recommend eating on the outside patio overlooking the lake.  You won't be disappointed!
2	The service, view, and strawberry lemonade here are really great. Unfortunately, nothing else is.We started our meal with some buffalo wings, which were dried-out (overcooked) and insufficiently sauced. We didn't even finish them. I ordered the stuffed tomato, and husband ordered the BBQ Pork sandwich.The food came out after we were only two wings in, so the food had to be placed up on the railing because it didn't fit on the table. Timing, people, timing!My stuffed tomato wasn't a stuffed tomato. It was tomato wedges on top of a bed of lettuce, topped with a pile of chicken salad. The roasted red peppers in the chicken salad were a nice addition, but it wasn't good chicken salad, still, unfortunately. I really wanted it to be... It also says it's served with fruits and vegetables--just be aware that means a handful of grapes, a few wedges of orange, and a handful of precut baby carrots.Husband's BBQ Pork looked and tasted like it had come, pre-made, out of a tub, not made in-house. It was thoroughly mediocre.We thought, "Well, no biggie, it's lake food," until we got the bill! It came to well over $50 with the tip for one appetizer, two entrees, and two drinks! The strawberry lemonade alone was $4.55, and the really bad buffalo wings were $10. I didn't even take any leftovers, the food was so bad, and husband decided his leftovers weren't worth keeping either and threw them away before we left. Ultra-disappointing--this place has some real potential given its location and great patio seating, but the food is terrible and outrageously overpriced to boot. We won't be back except perhaps to try some of their neat-sounding desserts.
4	Went to see the lake of course, but decided to stop at the restaurant. Great location, reasonable prices, very friendly service, generous portions ...not at all the settings of a tourist trap. I am local and I  think we ll go back for dinner at sunset  !
2	Eat there for the view or if you are on Saguaro Lake boating and are really hungry.Service was not stellar; the waiter seems flustered (Sunday of Memorial Day weekend on a lake during May in Arizona, gonna be packed buddy) and at one point tossed extra menus in a pile and let them fall to the floor and sit there. Decor is very cheap. Orange ceilings and yellow walls with painted cacti and dusty mini silk flowers in pots on the windowsills. Cobwebs in the corners. Definitely would be better to eat outside, not in. Since service and decor sucked, my party did not expect much in terms of food, but the food was good. WAAAAY to overpriced though,  but portion sizes are good. The type of view provided and the cheesy decor was almost embarrassing. I understand that people are coming in off their boats, wet, but let's bump it up a bit and offer some more healthy choices on the appetizers instead of just greasy bar food. Train the wait staff to be more polite and attentive; lose the teenager attitudes (they are all teenagers). I will never eat there again unless they lower their prices and/or I am on a boat all day and starving.
4	A good local restaurant/bar with nice service and tasty food options.  Service is always good even when it is packed.  The food is just good all around, we haven't had something we didn't like.  There are a few standout wraps and the wings are very tasty.As with most places like this, stay away when there are games on TV.  People screaming makes the place kind of loud during games.  Otherwise it's pretty typical.  If the weather is good, you can sit outside to avoid the people screaming at TVs.
4	Nice stop when out at the lake or out riding the motorcycle
1	We have been here an hour and no food as of yet! You are a restaurant for God's sake!! If you cannot feed someone a cheeseburger faster than this you need to shut down! So disappointed I will not come back here. The people don't care!!
4	Great for a lake side restaurant. There were four of us and all were very happy with our food. Items included fish and chips, Cesar salad, deep fried shrimp and chips and the summer salad was superb. All large enough portions to share if desired. Tasty!
1	I understand the difficulty a small, out in the middle of the desert restaurant would face to serve great food, but come on...a little more effort please.The spinach salad my wife had was simple and had pickled artichokes in it.  How does anyone in a kitchen who claims to understand food put pickled artichokes in a spinach salad that has nuts, fruit and a sweet dressing??  Wow...My taco salad was miserable.Server had a deer-stuck-in-headlights demeanor about her the whole time, without an ounce of hospitality.  If she was serving me a shot of whiskey in a fly infested dive bar I would expect more warmth.It is a place you should go to only if desperately hungry while stuck out in the middle of nowhere.  If you do eat here, I would probably stick to ordering the fried foods.  I am sure they get those menu items closer to the mark than salads, etc.  A pity such a beautiful landmark as Saguaro Lake has this mess as its only restaurant.  Next time we are packing a lunch and going for a picnic at the lakeside park.
