4	I went here one day last week with my 2 1/2 year old daughter and she had a great time. I def recommend it for ages 2 to about 10 or so. The place was very clean. It has 3 slides, a climbing rope area, a chalkboard wall, some coloring, a stage area, a fishing game, some toy dinosaurs, a Lego wall, 2 couches, a mini basketball game, etc. It also has a small cafe area. I loved the healthy menu selections, but there may be slight room for improvement with the preparation. They just opened though, so I am sure it is a learning process. The owners are very kind & helpful as was the girl working.
5	The address is incorrect and I have notified Yelp.  It is actually on Eastern.  I am always looking for things to do especially when it is extra hot outside.  How many times can you go to Chuckie, or bowling or even Pump it up!  As a parent I have been to those so many times.  I was happy to hear Henderson Kids Play Cafe open.  When you come into the place you are greeted.  You are required to wear socks.  If you don't have any they sell them for only $1.00 I believe a pair - what a bargin.  You enter through the door and there is a little stage off to the left.  I am hoping they add some dress up clothes to get the creative juices flowing for the future actors of the group.  There is a play structure in the middle with giant legos (never seen that big before), a little kitchen set, one chalkboard wall with colored chalks.  The parents and children all were enjoying this.  My friend even brought an art book from home and we got to chalk up some Picassa art.  There is a little room in the back with a basketball game and a cute little table with four chairs and art supplies nearby.  There are butterflys flying from the ceiling and cool abstract circles.  There are very comfortable couches and cool chairs for the parents to lounge while the kids are enjoying themselves.  Now, this sounds good, right?  Of course, but on top of it there is a cafe with healthy options.  Our girls chose Fruit Kabobs - Yummy!  You can even choose gluten-free items.  I love that they are promoting healthy choices for children.Here is the menu:SANDWICHESThe California: all natural turkey, bacon, seasonal greens, tomatoes, red onions, avocado, and provolone on a ciabatta roll (choice of regular or multigrain)  $7.95 The Caprese: fresh mozzarella, basil, tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigrette, on a ciabatta roll (choice of regular or multigrain)   $5.50 The Ham and Cheese: all natural ham, colby jack cheese, seasonal greens, and tomatoes on a ciabatta roll (choice of regular or multigrain)   $6.95 Grilled Cheese Panini: colby jack cheese melted on your choice of white or wheat bread $3.95*add bacon, ham, or turkey for $1.00*gluten free bread, add $1.00 The BLT: bacon, lettuce, and tomatoes on your choice of white or wheat bread $4.95*gluten free bread, add $1.00 Peanut Butter & Jelly: all natural and preservative free peanut butter and jelly, on white or wheat bread   $3.95*other variations with Nutella, Honey, and Bananas*gluten free bread, add $1.00SALADS Baby Greens: fresh mixed baby greens, carrots, tomatoes, and cucumbers, with toasted bread crumbs, and your choice of dressing  $4.95*add chicken $2.00 Chopped: romaine lettuce, ham, bacon, tomatoes, and cucumbers, with toasted bread crumbs, and your choice of dressing  $6.95KIDS FAVORITES Rainbow Fruit Skewers: a rainbow of sliced fresh fruit on a bamboo skewer  $1.00 Grapes: bunches of green and red grapes $2.50*add string cheese, $1.00Sliced Carrots and Dip: thinly sliced carrot "chips" with a side of ranch or blue cheese dip  $1.95 Pita & Hummus: Pita chips with traditional or roasted garlic hummus  $3.00Hot Dogs: traditional all beef hotdog, on a bun $2.00*organic grassfed hot dog, add $2.00*gluten free bun, add $2.00*substitute string cheese for the hot dog, no charge Popcorn: fresh popped organic popcorn, made with grassfed butter, coconut oil, and himalayan sea salt  $1.00*vegan (non buttered) popcorn available Cookies: fresh baked chocolate chip cookies  $.75 Smoothies: daily specials, made with fresh fruit, almond milk, and organic cane sugar or local honey  $3.95 Parfaits: organic vanilla yogurt, granola, and fresh berries  $3.50Bagels: choice of Cinnamon or Regular bagel with cream cheese  $1.95One suggestion I have is adding a infant changing station in the bathroom.  That is the only thing I suggest.  The place is very clean.  The customer service is AWESOME!
5	I LOVE this place!! More importantly, my son LOVES this place! They have great play equipment, an awesome stage, building blocks, delicious food, and incredibly nice owners. Definitely the best indoor playground in town. Even if you don't have a kid, it's worth coming just for the amazing food!
5	My kids are 3.5 and 1.5 and they BOTH love this place. I have come back 2 days in a row. It's the first time that I've felt comfortable hanging out while they run around and play. It's set up so that no matter where you sit you can see your kids. They also serve organic food and drinks, need I say more? This is 40 minutes from where I live and I would come back everyday if I could.
5	I'm so glad to have Kids Play Cafe in our neighborhood. It is incredibly clean, well thought out, and I feel safe taking my 8 year old daughter there to play while I get work done on one of the comfy couches with their free WIFI or chat with a friend over lunch. The owners and staff are so friendly and engaged with the customers.The sight lines are clear, so there's no "hovering" around to lay eyes on your child. The space is bright, modern and loaded with activities that are physical or imagination driven...bonus points for sourcing their play structure here in the US instead of China.I love having highly quality, healthy, fun food available to feed my family...our little one can't get enough of the fruit kabobs or the organic popcorn with sea salt and coconut oil. My favorite is the Caprese sandwich...and, yes, that addictive popcorn. Word of warning though, it's practically impossible to resist the fresh baked cookies when you smell them in the oven. *swoon*And, when it comes right down to it, it's refreshing to go to a kids place where I don't feel compelled to go home and throw us all in the shower after.
5	Finally a place the kids enjoy and I can relax and not worry about what they are eating.  Love this place!  Great play area for kids, staff is so friendly and welcoming.  And food!  The food!  Where else can you get non-GMO popcorn, popped in coconut oil!
5	My son LOVES Kids Play Cafe!!  It's so great to have a fun, clean and safe indoor place to take the kids!  I am able to relax and let my son play without having to worry.  I love that they have healthy food options and even gluten-free which is perfect for my family!
5	My 3 year old son and 7 year old daughter love this place. It's bright, fun, engaging, and lots of good energy.  The pricing for admission is very fair as additional sibling are discounted and parents get in for free.  It's nice to walk in as a stay at home mom and know your kids are going to give you a break for an hour and a half :). Menu is great and inexpensive.  My favorites are the coconut oil popcorn, fruit skewers and carrot chips.  This is my first review, but I feel it's really important to applaud a local small business (non franchise) for creating a space for community, health, and exercise our kids the old fashioned way.  I subscribed to their Facebook page and they are starting to offer fun classes in lunch/bento making to create healthy food for our children that's fun, kids yoga, and Lego masters.  I've recommended this place to many friends and on social media, it's a great spot.
5	We took our 2 yr old here today and he had a BLAST!! Owners Amy and Ryan are so nice and make you feel welcome. We loved the fruit kabobs and popcorn. Food is very affordable and fresh. The only negative is that our son had a small meltdown when it was tine to go, he had so much fun he didnt want to leave..lol. we will likely be back next week!!!!
5	I can not rave more about this place... The staff is absolutely amazing. Aimee and Ryan are on top of everything, extremely helpful. The menu is delicious I think I have had everything on the menu. I particularly love The California on pretzel bread! My kids ask daily to visit this establishment! I would recommend you to visit and see for yourself just how wonderful it actually is... Very clean, great music, free wifi and free refills on coffee what more can you ask for!!!! :)
5	I have twin Daughters that are 2 year old .and they love KIDS PLAY CAFE.  Mommy is able to hang out and the kids play  you can pretty much see the kids from everywhere unless they are hiding from you.  Its an open floor plan and the owner really thought about how to make this place exceptional.   The staff is very friendly and so far the other parents are considerate.  Its a comfortable and very relaxed atmosphere.  They Serve amazing organic food and drinks for a reasonable price, need I say more. Its so good i don't even request an item i just tell them to surprise me because all of their sandwiches are so good.  Also have awesome options for the kids....Its also UBER UBER CLEAN !!!!
5	I have been taking my 2 YO grandson to Kids Play Cafe since its opening.  Aimee and Ryan are so nice and really care about the children having a positive experience there.  The food is nutritious and the play equipment first class.  I highly recommend Kids Play Cafe.
5	Came in for the Kids day of play last Saturday. Kids Play Cafe hosted in our area the Global Cardboard Challenge which is an annual challenge that invites kids around the world to design and build awesome creations using cardboard, recycled materials and imagination. The challenge culminates in a Global Day of Play on October 5th, marking the 2nd anniversary of the flashmob in the "Caine's Arcade" short film, bringing communities together to celebrate the creativity and imagination of children around the world. www.cardboardchallenge.comWe arrived to boxes of all different sizes, paint supplies and other products to help decorate our creations we made.  My daughter and her friend made a castle with two windows and a bridge that opened and closed out of a big mattress cardboard box.  The painted it blue and purple.  It was adorable.  It was so nice working with my daughter and her friend.  There were lots of families here as well all enjoying a day with their kids.  There as our castle, a tent, a dog house, a fishing game, a auto shop and much more.  I love that Kids Play Cafe is bringing a sense of community to our rather big city of Henderson.  I lived in the Midwest and always loved community events.Thank you to the owners for such a great experience for my daughter and her friend.  Keep up the good work.
5	This place is awesome!  My 2 & 4 year olds love it here.  The people who run it are so friendly and down to Earth.  It is inexpensive, really clean and there is no time limit! They can play until they are wiped out.  And they have healthy snacks, sandwiches and salads.  I  am so happy we found this place.  Thank you!!!
5	Very clean.....the cafe has a lot of healthy food..... The staff is wonderful very friendly I would recommend to all of my friends
4	My 2  year old had a super fun time:) Owners were really friendly, place was really clean and loved the changing area in the bathroom. I am so happy to have this place on a cold or rainy day that is close to home. My only complaint was there is a large T.V. that was playing. I wanted my daughter to play and she kept getting distracted by the T.V.  Love the chalk wall and giant legoes and stage area.
5	My children love going to Kids Play Cafe. The play area is clean, the food is good, and the staff is always friendly.  The space is so open, it is easy to spot the kids while they run around.
5	This place is so clean and fun.  The owner, Aimee, is so nice and helpful!  I didn't try the food, but this is the only kids play place I know that has it available for purchase and I think that's so great!  Will definitely be back!
5	Loved this place so clean and fun my daughter doesn't walk yet and still had so much fun! Even my mom and I has a great time watching her play with other kids. Friendly staff and love that it's also a cafe and the pricing is great.
5	Super clean and friendly. Good healthy food and even gluten-free options!  Couches to relax on and tables with chairs if we want to work on our laptops.  Didn't get much better than this :-)
4	Went for a b-day party and our boys had a really good time. It was a bit crowded and chaotic, not their fault, and we'll return again to give it a more honest assessment. Definitely recommend you check it out if you're in the area with lil' kiddos.
4	This is an especially fun place to bring young aged kids to play. My 4 yr old and 2 yr old had a great time running around and making new friends. I really enjoyed the cafe area with the tasty, healthy, and reasonably priced foods available. There is free wifi, and outlet plugs if you need to recharge a device. Owners are present and very friendly. We payed $7.00 per kid to come in, but were told the play time was unlimited. My kids have an unlimited amount of energy - so hey, that's pretty great!
5	Brought my two daughters (ages 6 and 4) and niece (age 5) to play one cloudy Saturday and really enjoyed the place. It is clean and plenty of fun for the kids. There is a deluxe playground equipment to climb and slide down, blocks and some dramatic play areas. The cafe has healthy foods for kids and adults so no running trough McDonald's afterwards! Hurray!!! The employees and owner were onsite and really friendly. It is a great place to take kids who need to run when the weather is less than good for outside play. Energy is spent and my house isn't a wreck! Well worth the price of admission :)
5	Fantastic little place.   It's simple, they have a big Rainbow play structure, blocks, chalk, Legos, and a few other odds and ends.   The kids really loved the simplicity (as opposed to a place like Tykes & Tots, which could get overwhelming).  The cafe served fantastic, fresh food including fruit smoothies, fruit skewers, PBJ, and more adult options like the caprese sandwich I had.   So nice to have an option for the kids to play without having to eat traditional greasy fast food.
5	We loved it here.  My one and two year old had a blast.  It was very clean and simple.  We also went to Run for Fun during our visit and I think they were overwhelmed there.  I liked that I could sit down at the cafe and still see them.
5	This is our go to play place in Henderson.  Although it seems to be geared more towards the under 5 group, my 7 yo is having a blast creating art on their giant chalk board.Looks like an awesome place for kids birthday parties too!
4	Great for toddlers. Not to many big kids so the little ones can play. One of the slides is really fast don't let the little ones down it. A little disorganized with the staff several people had to wait to get in because no one was around.
5	Fabulous place in Henderson.  Reasonably priced, great creative play choices, and good food.  The staff is excellent.  My five year old grandson loves it every time we are there! I am so happy they are staying open later during the summer. This will be our first stop when we pick him up at camp today.  Love it!
5	Perfect size and place for younger kids (I took a 2 & 4 year old). The staff was exceptionally kind and friendly and the overall atmosphere with the parents present was welcoming and truly for the children`s benefit. There are many different areas for play, including physical, artistic, and imaginative. The cafe was an added bonus as well. Everything was clean and allowed just the right balance of freedom and monitoring for the kids to really have a fun and socially beneficial experience. We will definitely be going back!
5	Super clean, friendly staff, great cafe with lots of healthy lunch options for everyone... fresh fruit and veggies, great sandwiches, organic options.My 4 and 5 year old love this place. Comfortable seating areas for parents. Our favorite indoor play place. Love it!
5	Great place to take my kids to run around!! Especially in the summer. My children play while I sit at the cafe and watch them or I can even join them in the activities! They have slides, indoor playground, kids theater stage, movies playing in the cafe while enjoying a snack, and my favorite part: super clean!! The price is very reasonable too.
5	My favorite children's play place!  It's super clean, the staff is helpful and friendly, and they even offer healthy and affordable food!  If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.
