3	A huge store - with a Jamba Juice, Starbucks and Panda Express inside.  It's a typical Safeway-owned store, decent prices, moderate selection.  It's a big clean store, but very little in the way of prepared foods (especially compared to Whole Foods nearby).  When you're in a rush and don't want to cook, you'd be better off at WF than Vons.
3	This VONS is nice in that it is like a mall inside with a food court...it used to have a Blockbuster, and believe it or not, it sold bicycles at one time, too.  The store is huge and nice and is the largest VONS in town, this is also where your groceries come from if you get them delivered...the prices however are very expensive and the parking lot is very dangerous.  the only reason we go to VONS is because if we spend over a certain amount of money you get great discounts at their gas station at Maryland and Twain (like 10 cents off a gallon)
4	Without any doubt, the best Grocery store on this side of town.  Vons has great brands, the cleanest store in the Southeast, and overall, just great selection of high quality items.  $3 specials on 93/7 Ground BeefLucerne Brand Dairy ProductsGreat Wine Selection
4	This Von's is a pleasure to shop in I don't mind paying higher prices to shop here. The Von's is very clean. The interior is upbeat. This Von's offers opportunities to sit down and relax. There is a Starbuck's, Panda Express, and Jambo Juice with ample seating. This Von's also has the amenities of a cleaners, pharmacy, and a US Bank. In general the employees are friendly. And this Von's attracts a good clientelle.
5	Very clean and very good quality of produce and meat. Staff is very helpful and great. Well lit parking lot and has security. Prices are high but are ok with vons card. Very efficient and has a nice Starbucks.
4	This is the closest large grocery store to my house, and it's 24 hours, AND it has Panda Express / Jamba Juice / Starbucks in it.  Yes, I do love my local grocery store.Off and on I go vegan and I'm always able to find plenty of items here to fit those needs.  Plus, with their new app I can add virtual coupons in addition to the club prices and manufacturer's coupons.  I've saved a decent amount of money AND get the items on my list lol.Always clean and the fresh foods section is pretty swell.  For a grocery store, it most certainly rocks.  I just wish they'd carry the So Delicious Dairy Free ice creams.  Ah, well.
1	This company will rob local shoppers on a regular basis. I just left the self checkout where there is a big display. BUY 2 get 2 FREE!  Six candy choices on display.  Only the HERSHEY CANDY BAR QUALIFIES.  Bottom right, on the floor, placement...be careful as you try to feed your family.  Good business at our expense.,.booooooo
1	Normally I wouldn't review a grocery store, but when my food keeps spoiling someone has to know!Yes, this store is beautiful. Yes, it has Starbucks and Panda Express (neither of which I use). Yes, it has a large selection of everything.But what it doesn't have: is the ability to keep food fresh enough to not spoil before it hits your plate. I buy weekly here and sometimes even every few days, but no matter what I do, my food ALWAYS spoils. I'm a huge fan of fresh food, I rarely, if ever, buy processed, so I tend to stay in the vegetable/fruit section for most of my purchases. It never fails; I will buy fruit for $12 (mango slices) that ruin a day before their expiration. I will buy shitake mushrooms, get them home and half are moldy (same day). I will buy avocados (the worst culprits) with no 'ripe' sticker and by day two they are black. What gives? I don't have time in my busy life to keep running back and forth returning fruit and vegetables, I just don't. I'm far too busy and this would seriously be a full-time job. They just don't have fresh food that lasts.I don't want to have to complain, I'd do it all the time, so I just have to choose to shop at Whole Foods or TJ's in order to get the best food. It seems I'd be paying about the same anyway since I can't even eat Von's food!Also, they sell their chicken in packages on the floor for dollars more than they do in their display. Just an FYI. I dislike this store, too many bad experiences. Too much bad food.
3	Vons is the closest large grocery store to our house. Love it because of its clean setup. Me & Mom wanted to get our favorite Nature's Own Butter Bread but we didn't due to the price. It's $3.99 here whereas at Walmart it's either $1.98 or $2.98I do not understand why the price difference. It's not about the money. I would like to know I am paying this higher than the usual. So instead of buying that bread, we settle for Jalapenos Bagels, Donuts & Croissants. Fresh & Delicious.I just wish they carry Halal Meat/Chicken for the Muslims. Maybe someday.
4	Been going to this Vons since i was in junior high school. Like all Vons the staff are friendly and they assist you in any way they can. This Vons is located on Pecos and Windmill. They pretty much have everything i need at Vons.  For all you bakery snobs their bakery section is pretty good. I was at a graduation once and i had their cake and i would have never guessed it was from vons!
1	I went into this Vons in a weekday afternoon. It was dead, so it was relatively easy shopping. The organization was absurd, yes, but my issue was not with the store itself. Oh no, my issue was with the staff of this Vons.My wife was on crutches at the time, so we didn't do anything too strenuous. When checking out, I was unloading the cart. I started to notice our checker (who was combing her hair with her fingers during this entire transaction - filthy) was letting our groceries pile up at the end of her check stand. At no point, did she make an attempt to help bag the groceries and just stood there (like an idiot, can I say that?) as my wife and I did her job for her.The self-checkout woman, who was doing absolutely nothing, just stared off into space and then at me - as if she was perplexed that someone without a Vons shirt and khaki slacks was bagging groceries. No worries though, I took care of their work for them so why lift a finger?I am not rich, an elitist, etc. I used to work as a bagger. I know it sucks, but I work hard for my money. When I choose to spend it with you, act like you care. I get it, you're tired and hate life. At the same time, that isn't my problem. I only hold people to the same standard I hold myself.
3	I love this Vons,  they have a jamba juice, starbucks, and a panda express.  I normally come here for Jamba juice, but I saw in their ad they sell cronuts. So I called in to make sure they had some. Even though I reserved a pack they didn't have my reserved pack.  But luckily the lady was kind enough to give a pack after constantly inquring if I called the right Vons. So my point is alway get a name of the person u talk to. The cronuts where good.
1	Been going to Vons for years on Pecos and Windmill in Henderson nv.  the new girl at the deli counter can just give you the meats that are pre cut. 3 weeks in a row I have asked for a pound of something, and even though it is pre cut, she ALWAYS has to cut it fresh. I takes so much time. I don't understand. Plus, she makes people wait while she cleans up.  If she just put things away as she goes then we wouldn't have to wait.  She is a nice girl,  but needs to be more organized. I went in last Friday and when I saw that she was going to help me I almost said never mind I can o to Albertsons.    For example, I asked for 1 pound of ham off the bone. I was all pre cut, but she grabbed the whole ham and sliced it when it was already sliced!!!  Then when I got home I realized it wasn't even Ham off the bone.
1	I just stopped in for a couple things after cashing my check and went through Shawna's line.  She wouldn't let me use my own Von's card and was a complete bitch to me when I complained.  It was me and one other person whom she was friends with and she was in a hurry to push me through the line instead if fixing things so I didn't get to use my "just for u" coupons.  Then to insult me more she complained about me to the next customer.  I was there at 4:34 pm.  Terrible service!!!!  Unprofessional behavior!
5	Called once and the tech. said he would transfer the script, bill the insurance, and get an over ride if necessary. When you are on vacation and you need meds. in an emergency this is the place to call. They were professional, courteous,and helpful. Great job.
4	This Vons location is good with an array of grocery items to choose from. I like Vons especially because they carry quite a bit organic foods and teas, with more of a health conscience mind. Though at times could be a bit pricey then the average grocery store, in some cases may be worth it.
