5	If you can get over the fact that most people at Concentra are there to pee in a cup (work drug testing), it's a pretty great place when you're in dire need to be seen. This past week I felt a scratch in the back of my throat (thanks Vegas) and lo and behold by Wednesday it felt like death. I don't have a primary care physician just yet, so I rang my insurance company (thanks Yelp) and found that Concentra is a preferred Urgent Care provider. They're pretty big on the west coast, although I always heard that you had to wait forever and the attention to your symptoms isn't great, but that was not the case at all. As soon as I arrived Debbie had me fill out a few pages of paperwork (first timer thang) and after about 15 minutes they called me back for some initial tests with a lab tech. She left and sent the doctor in, I explained my symptoms, he poked around my ears and throat, and was mildly alarmed that I was able to cope with the pain as well as I was given the inflammation (like a boss!). He ordered a throat culture and after about 5 minutes he came back in to confirm I had strep. Boooooo.I was out the door in about 35 minutes with a prescription for a z-pack (azythomycin) and today I'm almost 100%! I'm a fan of you Concentra.
4	No insurance... UTI... a small cash investment netted me a script with refills for pain relieving , sleep allowing , life saving antibiotics... JOY!
1	You can't be 100%, 100% of the time. It's something I tell friends, business owners, internal me all the time. But you have to strive for consistency, you can't be so vastly different time to time because people won't know which way is up. They'll start to lose faith and worry about what next time will be like.No worries here, there won't be a next time. I'm appalled, angered and actually contemplated removing my first review (5-stars) but I felt it was important to see just how abysmal my experience was today as compared to last time. 3:50pmIt started with a woman at the front who asked me to fill out new patient paperwork even though as she was pulling out folders, shuffling papers and readying a clipboard I explained 3 times I had been there before. She told me she'd find my paperwork and asked me to sit down. Another woman called me up, the associate director of operations. She asked me for my insurance card and I again explained it should be on file... I had been there twice this year. She told me they had a new system and asked me to pull it up if I could. I took my seat and did just that. I went back up to the desk with my ID card on my phone, she said she found a copy in my folder and told me I could take a seat. Same woman called me back up to the desk and said it would be $105 today. Huh? For what? I haven't seen anyone or been diagnosed with anything? I told her that I thought it was $10 for an office visit. She said last time we didn't charge you enough, so it'll be $105 today and asked me if I wanted to pay the whole thing up front or in installments. Really now, WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! I HAVEN'T SEEN A DOCTOR! What is $105? Seriously, where did you get that number? What am I paying for? She told me they'd "figure it out" and told me to take a seat. Time passes. (A lot of time.)4:30I'm finally taken back. Height. Weight. Blood pressure. Then the nurse leaves and the Doctor comes in.I explain my symptoms, she says she wants to run a throat culture. I'm guessing here she only listened to the fact that I have throat pain, a mild cough and post nasal drip, and neglected to hear the fact that I've had a low grade fever, chills and a lack of appetite. Times passes.A medical assistant comes in with not one but TWO throat cultures. Offices can run a quick test for strep on the spot, they can also send one out to a lab. The Doctor decided she wanted both. In my foggy haze I'm trying to put the pieces of this puzzle together but I just can't quite get there, but I also know it doesn't add up. Time passes. Doctor comes back and says their test shows it's not strep. (I'm shocked. ) She says they aren't going to send the other test to the lab because the in office test is 95% accurate. THEN WHY DID YOU PERFORM BOTH? Why not the in office test first, followed by the other? Advanced apologies to my insurance which I sincerely hope denies Concentra's claim. Time passes.I finally have some scripts for what this Doctor deems is acute sinusitis. 5:40The place is dark. I'm talking lights off y'all, everybody went home. There isn't even anybody at the desk anymore who could take a payment. I'm walked to my car because I'm the last person there.  But it doesn't end there. Now I'm at Walgreen's where I'm told one of the prescriptions has a $40 copay, and it's the equivalent of cough syrup and an antihistamine. The pharmacist points me towards OTC drugs that total $10 and achieve the same desired effect.Concentra, you've lost me.Not only in the confused WTF way, but as a patient too. You are just too inconsistent for me to trust you with my well being.Your slogan is "Treated Right." Put some power behind that because right now those are meaningless words.
1	The only reason why I went to Concentra is because I will be starting a temp job through an agency who uses Concentra for their clients. I had to get a TB test and showed up as scheduled: 8:30, Easy right? Wrong... let me back up.To my own fault, I didn't realize there were parking spaces in the back of the building. I ended up parking at the PDQ where the sign clearly states " Parking Only for PDQ Customers. Violators will be towed". Because I'd arrived a bit earlier than my appointment time, I didn't think it would be a long wait and parked my car there ( huge gamble). Walk into the facility and am instantly turned off. I cannot stand being in any kind of office that doesn't give you and the staff member privacy. The line was nearly out the door. Everyone had to get in line just to sign in, THEN take a seat. Once the line was clear, they called you up by name in the order you signed in. This completely defeats the purpose of having an appointment. Does this make sense to anyone? Certainly not me. Keeping in mind... I am parked in a place I shouldn't have parked my car. Afraid to move it, I crossed my fingers I wouldn't be towed or tickets. I didn't to to leave, have them call my name and miss my slot. My name gets called and I think it's time for my to get my TB. Instead, I must go up and fill out paperwork. Why couldn't this be done sooner? The receptionist was quite rude. She was trying to do too many things as once instead of giving me proper attention. No professionalism at all. At any rate, I filled out the paperwork and went to sit back down. If I am becoming repetitive, it's because my actions were repetitive. One receptionist, instead of calling the gentlemen to approach the desk, she begins asking him questions across the facility. Not only is this rude but considering the waiting area is the size of an average living area for a home, it causes distractions. Confidentiality should ALWAYS be maintained at such facilities. I am clock watching like crazy and getting nervous. Every second that goes by, I am risking my car being towed. 9am rolls around.... still waiting... 9:10 rolls around... still waiting... Finally at 9:25 I was called. Almost 1 hour AFTER my scheduled appointment time.The TB shot took 2 minutes. Literally 2 minutes and I was out the door. I am not sure what kind of system Concentra seems to be working with but they need to squash it and rebuild including offering some classes for their front desk staff on learning how to be professional in the work place. A side note, when I went back 2 days laters to get my TB read, the waiting time was 3 minutes which I appreciated. I was also seen by a Medical Assistant Student. I have nothing wrong with this but as a note, please do keep in mind that Concentra does staff students. Some may take no issue with this while others do. Considering it was on a TB read, I was cool about it. That being said, I will NOT be coming back here. I take my confidentiality seriously and hold my health care providers to a higher level. Considering I am paying a crap ton of money for health insurance, I demand better service. If my primary health care provider treated me like I was treated at Concentra, you better believe by that night, I would have dropped my coverage. Avoid this place if you can. If not... Godspeed to ya. Oh... and I didn't get a ticket or was towed. Happy, happy, joy, joy.
