4	I like Vons most of the time.  Their produce is hit and miss sometimes though.
4	This is my favorite Vons - clean, I love the fresh veggies - Starbucks for convenience and their bakery is great.  Deli area with good food too.They had a decadent cake special a few weeks back and I brought the cakes for the title people and buyers - it was a great hit!
4	One of my favorite stores in any city I've lived in. It's clean, well stocked, and the service is top notch no matter what time of day or night I go in. The pharmacy staff is friendly and helpful, and the pricing for scripts is competitive. Their line of organic offerings keeps getting better and better. The bakery can be counted on for great French Bread...and beware of the seriously addictive walnut fudge brownies. If you want a 6 pack of Blue Moon or a can of Sapporo it's cold and ready for you. Don't overlook the deli, they have made to order sandwiches that are very good. The Starbucks staff is friendly and fast, and unless it's a weekend and they're getting slammed you can get in and out fast. Sometimes the produce can sell out...who knew they would run out of zucchini more than once. The produce problem keeps them from getting a 5th star...but just barely.
4	There's nothing wrong with Vons/Safeway. They are not the cheapest, nor do they have the largest selection but their well laid out stores have what you need. This particular location is two minutes from my house, has my bank (US Bank) inside and is open 24 hours. Win, win, win. This is where I go to grab items quickly or something I have forgotten on another shopping trip. One of my favorite things to do is stop in here on my way home from work and check out 20-50% off meat items to go home and cook up for dinner.
3	This store is usually  clean. My three complaints are as follows:1. The produce often has little bugs flying around.2. When a customer donates money to whatever cause they are advocating, the cashier yells over the intercom about the donation, but I can never understand what the mumbling is saying.3. Peggy is not the best at customer service. Each time I'm in her line she looks everywhere except at me or my transaction. She looks at her clipboard or what the other employees are doing. She asks me over and over and over if I want to donate or if I want help out to my vehicle. She does this because she is on autopilot and isn't paying attention that she has already asked me multiple times, and I have answered the question multiple times. I make sure to go to another line now. I was tired of giving her answers and she wasn't paying attention and asking over and over.
2	I really want to like Vons. It reminds me of King Kullen, so the place makes me feel nostalgic in some odd way. But some things I can't seem to overlook and it doesn't help that a manager failed to even reach out to me after I contacted one about my concerns. The issues are BUGS. Bugs everywhere. Bugs in the rice aisle, even visibly seen in some of the rice bags. Bugs found baked into the french bread. It's gross and kind of unsettling. I know bugs can happen even in the best of circumstances (and kitchens) but it's been one of those things that continues to be an issue.
1	Dear VONS, The donations seriously need to stop. One day I will lose my mind and security will have to be called to escort the screaming, insane woman out of the building.... Every month there's a new cause I'm being asked to donate to. And the constant announcements with the little "Whoo!" at the end....ugh, ENOUGH!!!! Some people don't do mega overhaul shopping only once or twice a month. I don't need to be asked EVERY TIME I come in to donate money. It definitely adds up.Either limit the amount of charities you work with, or introduce a "do not ask" option to customer accounts.
4	The Floral Department is really nice, they carry pretty premade arrangements and gift baskets.There is also a Starbucks with not much of a seating area just 2 sets of small table and chairs.The deli counter has premium quality meats and cheeses but is always busy on the weekends. The bakery section at the back of the store has desserts made from scratch and sells fresh baked warm bread every afternoon.The store in general is pretty clean, organized, and well stocked, though lately quality control has been slacking.  Ive found expired can goods and once peanut butter still on the shelves NINE months past the expiration date. (https://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/XsYqSofHTpO9wTw2ubuVzQ/l.jpg) I did bring it to the attention of one of the clerks. Meat department also has minor issues sometimes with blood on the underside of packaging.  Minus a star for this.. The produce section though is always well maintained. Great Service has always been A+ from grocery clerks on the floor, register and courtesy clerks. They are familiar with their regular customers.Convenient neighborhood location. Easy freeway access to entrance/exit ramps Open 24/7 - though entry doors on right side are closed after 8pm Shopping is quick and easy.
4	This is my neighborhood supermarket and I really like it!  Very clean location that has a bit more of an "upscale" feel to it compared to the Albertson's that is slightly farther away.  I like that there's a Starbucks inside because there isn't another in the area.  The baggers always ask if we need assistance to the car and the cashiers are always very helpful and friendly (we usually have an issue with our shopper's card linking up to the "just for u" phone app - an app that offers weekly discounts on top of whatever sales the store has going.  The issue seemed to be caused by the fact that the card is linked to a different phone number from signing up with a sister supermarket back east.  We were told to call the customer service number and they still have not been able to get the issue resolved.  Anyway, the cashiers always wind up manually entering the discounts and they never appear to be put out or annoyed by this).  My only complaint is that there is NEVER anyone manning the customer service desk.  I've had to go to it a few times (once to sign up for a new card, once to exchange a cheese that my husband accidentally bought, lol) and there's never anyone to be found.  I usually have to wait until someone notices me or go to a cashier and ask if there's anyone available to help me. Otherwise a good neighborhood supermarket that I would recommend.
5	The Just4U program is a little annoying (but this is a corporate issue, not a store issue). I just don't like that they track what you buy and make you think you are getting a better deal. Whatever. They should just lower their prices for everyone and not make you go online, get a card, etc, etc ,etc...MELODY is our favorite cashier and I'm certain that her awesomeness keeps us coming back over and over. She always remembers my name, my kids names. She is not on autopilot - she is "present" and listens as she talks to you. And she is FAST! The bakery is great - we've had a few cakes from there and everything tastes great. The staff is on top of their game. The deli staff is always on alerting us to current specials and $5 Friday is pretty cool. The meat department is also very helpful and friendly.Very clean store, always a pleasure to shop there. And LOVE that they have the Starbucks inside.
2	I go to Vons as a last resort when I forget to pick up something from Walmart or Winco or when they have an outrageous sale on my favorite yogurt, cranberry juice or toilet paper. Otherwise, their prices are ridiculous as compared to their competitors. The Vons Club app isn't bad and at least the coupons can be loaded onto your card so no clipping, unlike Fresh & Easy's Friends card where you have to scan individual coupons off your phone or print them out (dumb!)They do have a nice bakery where you can get a bagel, donut or cheese danish for really cheap...like $.49. which the Starbucks inside isn't allowed to carry because of this reason...which is a huge savings from what Starbucks charges for them anyway.The checkers are pretty friendly for the most part and some do remember you.They usually have at most 3 checkouts open and once you get to the end where you pay and you want to dart out, they stop you to point out your savings Mr. --- or Ms.---, and do you know about our gas rewards program....don't say "no" or you will be there another 5 minutes as they explain it to you with a line of 5 people behind you giving dirty looks, like it's your fault.Another complaint I have with Vons is that they are always soliciting for donations to charities at check out..."would you like to donate to children's cancer research?"...Like you're going to say no to that and look like an uncaring cheap you-know-what....sorta like the crusty old guy in front of you that refused to round up his nickel lol.I support my charities and give generously so don't keep asking me for donations when I'm trying to save a buck on paper towels at a store that already charges too much!Clean up on aisle 3!
4	For some reason I cannot stop shopping at vons. I know where everything is and I like the quality of their meat. The baggers have messed up some of my items, like forgetting to put stuff in the bag or smashing my bread. But.. I just keep an eye on them now when I check out and overall it has been ok. They are pretty friendly and I like getting Gas rewards as well.
4	I usually don't "do" Vons, because I feel that they are too expensive for me.However, when they have sales, THEY HAVE SALES.I found some John Frieda conditioner on clearance for half off. I also found some organic baby treats/puff (2/$5) and baby food pouches for .89 cents.Their floral department is like something I've never seen before. Best selection that I've ever seen in a grocery store.I'm interested in learning how to use their gas rewards/.
3	I always enjoy coming to this Vons, it has a nice atmosphere inside. However, that nice atmosphere is reflected in its prices. The Starbucks inside is great. It's nice that there are a couple tables there, though I've only once sat down at one, and that was just while I waited for my hubby to come back with my drink. We've gotten some of the deli meat and things from the bakery and they've always been delicious. It's a great store and I wish I could afford to shop here more just because the atmosphere is so much more enjoyable than Walmart.
5	Vons... I love you. I seriously do! I love Just 4 U. I wish there was a button to add all but I'm sure one day. I am always treated with respect and smiles inside of your store. Asked if I need help carrying my items out. The lady in the deli who is always so loud and friendly, she makes me laugh every time Im there!!!! I love shopping at Vons.
3	I live near this Von's and go there at least 4 to 5 days a week.  I love the store itself, I know where everything is and prices are good and I would have been happy to give the store 5 stars except for 2 issues.   Awhile ago I had an issue with one of the female supervisors.  Luckily though the male manager fixed that and I moved on and didn't feel the need to Yelp.. However in the last month I've needed 2 cakes and had to deal with the Bakery staff.  Both times the girls back there were rude.  Yesterday there was a blonde one working around 5-pm (she was also one of the ones working the last time I went), she has a horrible attitude and acts as if your out of line for asking to get a name or message put on a cake.  It has now happened twice and since I go to Vons so often I am annoyed by it.  I spend about $1500 a month of groceries there.  I am ready to go to Albertsons if this doesn't correct itself.
3	I like this location. Haven't been to a Vons since moving from Summerlin. Very clean and neat like they all are. But they are very overpriced, like they all are. I wouldn't make this my normal stop for groceries. Just odds and ends you may have forgotten. I like the layout and atmosphere, but whoa their prices!!
1	I was wondering if the $3.96 would come out of the manager Peggy's paycheck if she had honored the sale tag that ended on July 22.I was in the store on Sunday  July 27th! She refuse to honor the sale tag and made the cashier charge me the regular price on 4 Stouffer's Creamed Chipped Beef! Felt like SOS myself! Sad part is it's the only store in the area that carries it and is beloved by my 90 year old Father In Law! When I told him about it even he thought it was kind of shitty! Got love the old guy he says it like it is! Peggy is not friendly and makes me wish I'd gone to Albertson's
1	My boyfriend works in this shopping center and he likes deli food so I went to vons to get him some cheap bean and cheese burritos in the deli section- I was going to get a fresh sandwich made because I am not totally into the fried deli food and the menu actually looked pretty good--- turkey pesto something I don't remember.  ANYWAYS. I was standing at the counter watching the two employees do EVERYTHING but their job in helping me. Like literally probably close to 5 minutes Pretty upset and annoyed I called my boyfriend and he told me that this was "pretty typical" and that ordering food from the deli section seemed to be a HUGE inconvenience for them. And they are generally very rude needless to say  i didn't buy any thing from them.
3	Every now and again I make my way to Von's for groceries.  Of course it's because something I need is on sale.  They have a huge parking lot that is easy to navigate in and out.  The store is kept very clean with eye appealing displays. I'm happy that when they put something on sale, it's been in stock for me.  What has been disappointing is the customer service.  The employees aren't very friendly.  I think my cashier said about two words.  No smile. In my opinion, it's the little things that make a difference.  Compared to my normal grocery store, Vons fails.   Yes I will probably do some occasional shopping here.  I hope for some improvement next time.
