4	Great food, good portion sizes, reasonable prices, great service.  Spanish music a little loud but we were seated right under the speaker.  Overall great experience and would go again.
1	Slow service, they refused to give happy hour 1/2 off margarita as advertised. This place used to be good. Friends fish tacos were not good, and they did give 50% off his tacos because of it.
4	This restaurant is on the corner of Warner and McClintock in Tempe.  The staff is great and the food is delicious!   They have some "light" items on the menu, too.  I had the tortilla soup and a garden salad.  Both were excellent.They also have a great Happy Hour and Open sitting area outside.
4	This is the only mexican restaurant within 10 miles of my house that I would recommend to anyone.  I've been to it about 8 times in the past year and have never been disappointed nor have my guests.  The menu and prices are pretty much typical of family oriented mex restaurants but the food is above average and pretty consistent.  The very first time we visited, soon after it opened, one of the co-owners came by and talked to us.  From what he said it's one of several restaurants owned by his family who are headquartered in TX (I think that's where he said).One thing people need to know about "Garcia's" chain is that they are NOT all alike.  Some are definitely better than others.  The original Garcia's is at 35th Ave near McDowell Rd in Phx and while popular the food at the original is sub-par.  So don't let your experience at another one prevent you from trying this one.I generally get a green burro and that's what I've gotten here.  And it's very good.  My wife usually gets a red burro and is very happy with those.  The meat is in chunks and usually there is plenty of it.  The gravy it swims in is good.  The only knock I have about the green burro is that the green chilies in the mix, like so many mex restaurants, is a bit overcooked.  Others in our party had fajitas and thought they were  very good.There chips are above average and they serve a decent salsa and a bean dip with the chips.  The bean dip is tasty.  The service has been good to excellent.  The other restaurant I recommend in the tempe/mesa area is Rosita's.  There is also a Rosita's in Phx but it's different people.  The one in Phx is also good but the food there is MUCH hotter, usually too hot for out of town folks who have never had what we here call "real mexican food".
2	I normally really enjoy this restaurant. We get takeout from there pretty regularly and everything is usually pretty good. However, the last time we got takeout the entire order was messed up. I didn't receive an extra side item I ordered, and the two combo meals we got (both with 3 item choices) didn't have one correct item in them. We called to inform the store. The manager was nice and offered to send us a $30 gift card in place of a refund. That was over a month ago and we still haven't received anything. Very disappointing. The meal was over $30 plus a tip I left. When you eat at a restaurant they fix things for you, but when you order takeout you're at their mercy. You have to trust they got it right, or after you take the drive home you just have to eat whatever they gave you or take more time to drive back and wait for them to hopefully get it right again. I work in a restaurant and know mistakes happen. Also I'm not big on freebies or comps. But I do expect a restaurant to follow through when they offer something. If they didn't want to send the gift card they shouldn't have offered, and I would have driven back for an actual refund or replacement order. Now I probably won't be going back.
3	the portions were large, they arent overpriced and the server was friendly. light flaky crispy chips upon seating and 2 dips...the salsa n bean/cheese. thats the good part.the not so good part...i ordered the "build your own combo" chkn enchilada n shredded beef burritto with a side of refried beans n rice. sad to say it all tasted like it came from a can wrapped in store bought tortillas.i was hoping for authentic. it was more of a commercial tasting restaurant. family friendly and clean....so it wasnt horrible...just wasnt my flavor.
1	The bean dip was good.  That was it.  Everything else was just bad.  To be fair we showed up for an early dinner, 4pm on a Saturday, which is pretty much the worst time you can go to a restaurant.The service was slow, but I expected that due to the time we arrived.  What I did not expect was way overcooked tamales, cheese enchiladas that were somehow actually bad.  Beef tacos that were inedible.My shredded beef enchilada was decent.  I know this is not supposed to be super amazing Mexican food.  It is supposed to be OK americanized and somewhat boring mexican food.  After we left, I told my wife that half way through the meal, I wondered if I was going to get food poisoning.  She remarked that she had thought the same thing.
4	I cannot justify giving them more than 4 stars because there was nothing standout fantastic about it. The service, food, and salsa were all just good. I'd prefer going to a non-chain Mexican food restaurant, but it's fairly close to our house. Overall, it was a good dining experience.
