5	Well, I completely agree with Tina!  I went to the Bernina Connection for the first time and was thrilled.  I stumbled on their website and found out that they were open late tonight (Tuesdays only).  They have a wonderful selection of fabrics, notions, and some books.  I was given a newsletter and told I'd be getting emails about sales and classes coming up.  Great customer service - I'm glad to have such a great independent business nearby.
5	I hate this place because Gus my sweetie pie spends a ton of money here. But he always gets good extremely friendly service and the best products along with instruction and occasional repairs on his machines.
4	Knowledgable.  Friendly.  Well organized (amazing amount of merchandise in a relatively small space).  Generously sized classroom where there always seems to be something going on.  There is definitely a sense of "community" about this place from both the staff and the customers within.  Most of my business with them has been with their repair shop, I have taken several vintage machines there of various brands and they have enthusiastically welcomed the challenge of servicing them, replacing missing parts and getting the old work horses running smoothly.  I can't say enough about the quality of their repair services!  Interesting novelty quilting fabrics for those who are looking for something special.
5	I have learned a lot a made big strides since I have taken classes there. I find the Staff are really helpful and give expert advice on making projects and taking care of sewing machines. Also, they have a machine tech who does repairs and maintenance on my different Machines.  Now I have fun sewing and I  love the new fabrics!
5	I heard very good things about this place from a few people.  After my horrific experience at another sewing machine place.  I was ready to give up, but decided to take it to one more place.When I took my machine there I was already impressed by their computer system and the way they label each part to make sure it belongs to the right owner.  The other place I took my machine for 2 years, never had me in their system and never remembered the countless times I spent money in their store.I was really surprised that in 2 days a service tech had looked at my machine for a diagnosis, the other store didn't even get to looking at my machine until 2 and half weeks later to tell me something was even wrong with my machine.Unfortunately, my sewing machine is a Viking and it need some new parts that can only be sold and distributed by Viking dealers.  But the service tech did tune up, adjust the tension, and let me know exactly what needed to be replaced in terms I can understand and not part numbers and techie vocabulary like the other store.The tech even got it to sew better, although I am still waiting for things to get replaced, at least they were able to give back my machine after 3 days in a working condition that I can still sew light weighted gowns and use my industrial Juki for the rest. Overall, their customer service is excellent and their staff knowledgeable and friendly.I may be switching my brand loyalty from Viking to Bernina very soon.  That and when I worked at Hancock Fabrics when I was 16, my boss ranted and raved about her Bernina.
5	I stopped in this store today to check out the latest Amy Butler fabrics. I left feeling inspired and excited about sewing. They offer classes for an affordable price. They had an awesome selection of fabric and the staff was quite helpful. I know I'll be back and hope to take their beginner's sewing class this summer when I have more free time.
5	Went to the Quilt Exhibit last Friday. Great job to staff & volunteers. Everything was beautiful. Food was fantastic. If you missed this event to promote Ryan House Charity, you really missed something special. Good job ladies (& husbands)!
5	I feel special when I go to this store. Friendly, helpful and enthused staff-- gorgeous fabrics--and great classes. I chose to buy my new Bernina here, even though it's farther to drive to, because of the atmosphere and attitude of staff.
5	Went here for the first time this week and was completely charmed! I took a basic class on how to make a skirt, it cost me $25, but it was very useful. I was actually the only person in the class so I got one-on-one instruction. I could see there is a big sense of community here, everyone seemed to know each other and they were all so friendly! They also have a cool selection of fabric, like prints I would actually wear (this is not always true at Joann...who wants a piece of clothing with hot dogs printed on it? Ok, maybe some people...). It is a bit more expensive so I will probably continue buying basics elsewhere but get really cool fabric here! They have a great list of classes, I will definitely be attending more of them!
4	Stopped in here for the first time this week looking for a particular quilting  notion. They didn't have it but were very helpful offering to order it or call other shops to find it for me. Nice selection of fabrics and books & project ideas. I will return another day!
5	I have been using Bernina Connection for years to have Bernina sewing machines serviced. They do an excellent job for a reasonable price and they give a discount for bringing 2 machines in at the same time. Everybody here is very friendly and helpful. They warranty their work and I have never had any problems with the machines I have taken there for service.
5	Very helpful, knowledgable and repairs reasonably priced.
2	Came in needing only a tension screw for my bobbin case, and $40 later... $20-30 just to have my "tension checked" when all I needed was a $2 screw. Didn't need my tension checked... It was perfectly fine until I lost the screw! Doubt I'll be back anytime soon, shame since it's so close. I hate to be so harsh but I feel pretty cheated. Bonus star since the repair guy interrupted his lunch to work on my machine, but a warm bedside manner seems hard to come by here.
1	Three weeks later and my machine has tension problems like never before. Guess where I won't be going to get it fixed?
4	My wife (the quilter) and I found this place busy on a Monday about closing time.  Great selection of fabric with good samples to the point the space was a little crowded.  Lots of notions and patterns with precuts available including 1/2 yard cuts.  Prices on the high side.Staff helpful.As the husband I did not see a place for husbands to sit and no restroom in site.
5	It's their Anniversary again, and I just had a blast checking out all the sale fabric, looking at all the great bargains to be had! This only happens once a year so don't miss it. Today and tomorrow are the days of the sale. I just love coming here and how welcoming the staff is with a community like atmosphere. I stopped by to see how my grandniece was doing in her Kids Create Class. She has so much fun sewing with peers! Don't forget to stop by tomorrow. Happy shopping!
1	I took my old, fully metal, very reliable Viking machine in for one small repair, and it's not run well since.  It seems they used a substandard lubricant which gums up unless the machine is in a hot room!  The charge was exorbitant as well.  I will be looking for another repair company.  Sally's in Mesa had a wonderful woman named Kay who did the best repairs and whose charges were very reasonable.  Sigh~
