4	Much has been said about the other Ranch Market location (http://www.yelp.com/biz/IiwgHkUbBt9Ha25H4dUtkw) but I have to give some major props to my neighborhood location.  It is as amazing as the other location, but more important for me, when I first moved into my house it was the closest grocery store.  I had no idea what to expect when I walked into the place.  WOW! It was like a happy assault on my senses.  You walk right into their bakery section and the view of the cakes and deserts combining with the smell of sweet breads and cinnamon was kinda like love at first sniff.  Their veggie section is second only to AJ's in my mind - but for less than 1/2 the price.  And while my girlfriend has always been picky about where she would buy fruit and meat - this is her favorite place to get meat and seafood in town.  Minus one star for the parking - which is never pleasant, the fact that I'm occasionally surprised by what they don't have, and since this location isn't quite as popular w/ the gringo's yet in some departments you can't find someone who can speak even limited English as my high school Spanish does NOT help me here.  The English part is slowly changing and now I can always be sure to at least check out with someone who is bi-lingual.  As my neighbor said when I took them here "Wow!  How can you ever be sad when you leave here? It's like a party!". Therapy by shopping?  Not a bad plan...
4	I stepped into this place and felt like I had journeyed to another land.  A land where the party is not far away, the band is playing, the breeze is blowing through the bustling Mercado and the pinatas are swinging gently, their crepe paper tassels undulating in a colorful dance.I had eaten a short time before arriving here and wished I had waited to try some of the flavorful dishes in the cafeteria or outside where 1/2 chickens were grilling.The prices here on produce were not as cheap as Superstition Ranch Market, but they were cheaper than the local chain groceries.  Great selection of dried peppers, seasonings and canned goods for my Mexican cooking at home.
4	The most amazing thing about Ranch Market is that it successfully combines all the disparate elements that people in Phoenix and L.A. (where I grew up) experience about Mexican culture and food into one exciting, colorful, and interesting shopping experience. Growing up, my dad often took me and my sister to local taco stands and Mexican juice places (where they made fresh horchata, agua fresca, smoothies, and juices). We also often made a point to stop at the little street carts where Mexican men would serve up freshly sliced mango, pineapple, and papaya, coat them in lime juice and chili salt, and then pass them on to us for mere pennies. These stands, holes in the wall bursting with locals, and street carts were all part of how I experienced Mexican food growing up, and I absolutely love how Ranch Market re-creates this experience in the context of a full-service market. When you walk in to the market, we were immediately wowed by all of the colorful decor - streamers, pinatas, signage - and by the very varied selection of meats at the butcher counter. If you are interested, you can get a full-on cow's head for only $29.99! We turned the corner and realized that not only was there aisle upon aisle of dry and canned goods, but that the entire perimeter of the inside of the market was lined with little specialized stands where you could go to buy certain types of items to take home *and* try something right then and there - just like the taco stands and carts of my youth! As an example, you can walk up to the seafood counter and purchase octopus to take home and make a ceviche with, but you can also buy some fresh seafood tacos to eat as you shop! There were similar counters for the dairy, fruit drinks/horchatas, breads/pastries, and desserts categories. Perhaps even more exciting - there is a full eatery/cafeteria right inside the market that serves affordable and delicious Mexican fare. We ordered some assorted tacos, a carne asada quesadilla, and a drink, and it was only $9 or so for everything. The carnitas and chicken were decent, but the tortillas were warm and fresh, and the carne asada was out of this world. I usually find carne asada to be a bit tough and under-seasoned, but here it was tender but still chewy and rich with flavor. We didn't actually do any grocery shopping, but we want to go back at some point soon (maybe at lunchtime) and buy some stuff to take home while sampling some goods from the different specialized stands. Some things that caught my eye to buy or try:*Pre-seasoned steak fajitas from the butcher*Seafood tacos from the seafood counter*Fresh fruit yogurt from the dairy area*Cuban sandwich from the eatery*Fresh-squeezed carrot juice from the juice stand*Rice pudding from the dessert counter...and many more! If you love Mexican food, stop in to the Ranch Market. You'll have your own list soon enough!
5	I just found something else incredible about Ranch Market, and I'm going to have to up it to 5 stars as a result. Wednesdays are special produce days, which means that tons of different produce items are on special for 3 pounds for $.99. Yes, my friends. $.99. I had seen the special pricing advertised on the flyers we get every now and then, but had been hesitant to make a special trip there in case the produce was bad-quality or ran out after, say, 10 am. Well, I went today around 1 pm, and I can tell you that the produce is neither bad-quality or gone after 10 am. There were tons of the special advertised items, and 90% looked super-fresh. I left with 2-3 pounds of bananas, tomatoes, peaches, key limes, and avocados, all of which cost me a mere $5.62. And just think - just yesterday, I spent $2 for 3 tomatoes at Whole Foods. I'll definitely be back at least every other Wednesday to snag some of these special deals.
4	I describe Ranch Market as the Disneyland of Supermarkets. Seriously, this is not the place to shop too late at night or you'll never get to sleep from all the excitement you just experienced!  The music is loud, the lights bright and festive, and the smell of the food makes your mouth salivate.I mainly shop here for three things:1) I always buy my nieces birthday cakes there.  The price is fantastic for a customized cake for kids.  The selection is incredible!2) If you are familiar with the Mexican baked goods - this place is a one stop shop!  For for a nice change from traditional french bread, try a "bolillo" (a Mexican roll).3)  Rotisserie Chicken.  But ....just so you know...the produce is great and less costly than Frys.Two warnings .  First it's difficult to get in and out of the Ranch Market on S. Central on the weekends -- it's VERY VERY CROWDED!  Second, this is an "ethnic" experience.   My husband, a "gringo," has, on occasion, encountered some language barrier challenges, but has always been successful in navigating it. - so don't let it stop you!The Ranch Market is always on the tour for out-of-town-guests who visit us from the East Coast.  No way would you find an Super Market like this back there -- unless maybe you were in NYC or Miami.
5	My friend brought me to the Ranch Market to buy tamales for New Year's Eve.  That was four night ago.  I've been back five times since then.  I'm in love with this place. The food is amazing the prices are lower and there is so much atmosphere.  How can I ever go back to Safeway or Fry's.  If you have never been you should get in to your car and drive there right now.  Ranch Market is now on the list of place I am going to take out of town guests.  This is what Phoenix is all about.
4	Being from California, I am not all that familiar with Phoenix. But I swear to God that Phoenix Ranch Market is in the middle of BFE. It took like two hours to get there from Scottsdale.I like the atmosphere though. It is not in the best part of town, but the place is frequented by alot of Hispanic people, which is always a good sign for me if I want to try some authentic food.There is a food court in the back and it offers basically everything imaginable. You can get anything from fresh squeezed juices to tacos with all types of meat to menudo.I decided to go with the chile verde and a nice tall glass of Horchata. the Horchata was easily the best I have ever had. Not too sweet like most places make it. The chile verde was good also. Nice flavor and the meat was succulent. I think the whole meal only cost me about $7. I will definitely return next time I'm in the area.
5	Step into Mexico when you enter this market- No one speaks English, prices are low, and the food is delicious* Great selection of Mexican produce, dry goods, and meats (almost any part you can think of)* For Americans- They have fresh taco shells, tortillas, chips, and all sorts of dips.* There are a few areas of the store you can eat. Taco Bar, another food bar (including soups), Juice Bar, and Ice cream. * Overall: Excellent cultural experience for you and your taste buds. Warning- Come hungry!
4	This is definitely one of my favorite groceries, and I always have a fun time here.  One previous reviewer likened it to Disneyland, which is spot on -- it's like a big extravaganza of fresh foods and pantry items.  And yes, I too prefer the produce at Ranch Market to many other stores, although we're now getting more of our through Bountiful Baskets.  So now my best excuses to trek over to Ranch Market are to buy hard-to-find ingredients, fresh cheeses, and maybe enjoy a fabulous taco while picking up those other items.
4	I really, really like Ranch Market.  It takes me a minute to get past the ghetto parking lot and blaring tejano music, but once I do I'm rewarded with an ultra-fresh (and enormous) produce department, an expansive meat and seafood department and a captivating deli which includes tons of salsas and a fresh tortilla factory. I disagree with other reviewers who have said the staff doesn't speak English. Everyone I've dealt with is bilingual. Prices are really reasonable as well!
4	I found this gem recently and fell in love with the variety of quality fresh produce and the fact that its definitely less costly then the regular grocery stores...um winning!!! Very organized and clean store with an awesome bakery and food market area I haven't got the chance to try yet.  This will now be my staple for yummy fresh produce :)
5	I've buying meat and vegetables here and the inside cafe area always smells SO yummy - we decided to go for dinner - order a burrito and they make a tortilla first YUM .... It was amazing - best Mexican fare we've had and three of us ate for 12.54 and were stuffed! Salsa is amazing too!
4	Fresh tortilla, just made. Huge selection of fresh produce. The butcher has everything you can imagine. Fresh fish looked beautiful. Had a $3.50 lunch that was great? Salsa  and guacamole bar , all fresh fresh fresh. Great place to shop for a party.
5	I love this place. Its loud, colorful and fun to shop. There are soooooooo many things in this store that are very uncommon finds. They carry items you wont find locally anywhere else. The prices are great and the restaurant food tastes awesome.
1	Feb 11 2014 just saw a giant (and I mean giant) rat scurrying across aisle 4. No joke. Avoid this dump at all cost. You've been warned.
3	Love this place for produce. Clean and well stocked. Short wait times in line. Probably wouldn't pick up anything else here. But that's OK.
4	Phoenix Ranch Market is a chain supermarket that is a natural food store that sells organic products and offers a lot to the vegetarians and vegans in the area. This location is great, it has nice employees and ample parking. The salad bar and bakery are to die for. Phoenix Ranch Market also has a rather extensive selection of natural health and beauty products.
4	This place is just like a Pro's Ranch Market. It has taco stands, fruit and vegetable stands, bakery, alcohol, ice cream, meat market, spices, nutritinal pills, nuts. It has places to sit. I came here i got some tacos in one stand, fruit from another and sweet bread from the bakery. i finished off by getting me a smoothie before they closed at 6pm.
