5	Timo does great work -- and, a major plus, he's actually nice!  Nothing is more offensive to me than my-shit-don't-stink tattoo shop staff and artists (ahem, no names).  Everyone here is very friendly and the artwork is gorgeous...
5	I've had all 5 of my tattoo's done at Urban Art.  See Sage, the owner.  You'll have to schedule to see him, he rarely can do walk in's but he is well worth the wait.  I will not have a tattoo done by anyone else.
5	I searched for a whole year to find the right tattoo artist for a robo-squid one of my favorite comic book artist drew from me during Free Comic Book Day at atomic comics last 2 years ago. I finally came across Justin's online portfolio on the urban art website. Gave them a call, set me up with an appointment the same day. Justin took a black and white sketch and turned it into a masterful full color piece of body art. I get get compliments everyday on the robo-squid. I am currently mapping out my next tat move but I will most definitely be going back to Urban Art.
5	I'm almost painfully straight-laced, and look quite out of place in a tattoo shop. That said, the staff was friendly and helpful and I didn't get so much as a funny look for walking in wearing business clothing.The store is clean and none of the piercers (to my knowledge) use piercing guns.Trevor, one of the piercers, is very knowledgeable, and I would strongly recommend his services.Edit - I've gotten more piercings done at the same location, and always have a pleasant experience there. Samantha is typically working the front when I come in and she is invariably helpful. If you're looking for a tattoo or piercing parlor, Urban Art is the place to go.
5	Part of the reason I wanted to get a tattoo in the first place is that I am such a planner to a fault that I wanted to put myself through an experience that I wouldn't be able to completely control every aspect of. That being said, once I had made the decision, I researched my potential tattoo shop and artist very carefully. After all, I only wanted to lose a bit of control once I actually knew I was in the capable hands of a professional! I started here on Yelp, noticing right away that there weren't that many tattoo shops even reviewed. Urban Art stood out to me, not only because it had a high star rating, but because everyone who had actually gotten a tattoo there (as opposed to a piercing) gave it five stars. That didn't seem to be true of the other places I read about. To be fair, No Regrets Tattoo had a pretty high star rating, but I don't know, the name freaked me out a bit! (I'm sure that's not the effect they wanted to have!). Anyway, my decision to go to Urban Art for my first tattoo was cemented when I was at Habit Salon in Mesa getting my hair done (great experience, review to come!) and noticed that the stylist next to my station had a gorgeous sleeve tattoo with lots of great color and beautiful flowers. I asked her where she had gone and she said that she had gone to Justin at Urban Art. You can't beat being able to see someone's amazing work in person, so I was totally sold!I called a few days later to make an appointment and was blown away by how nice and professional the person I spoke with was. (After going there, I learned that her name was Samantha.) From my past piercing experiences, I guess I just expected some attitude. I told her that I wanted to make an appointment with Justin and asked what the next steps were. She told me that I needed to come in for a consultation, but once I told her that I lived pretty far (on the Phoenix/Laveen border), she said it was OK if I emailed Justin directly to give him the details and schedule a time. I'm sure it's standard practice to go in and discuss the design, but I'm glad they gave me the opportunity to schedule based on my own constraints. I emailed Justin that night with some specific ideas of what I wanted to incorporate into the design and he responded very quickly thanking me for my email and confirming my appointment (for mid-September). He told me that I would see the design when I got there. He also quoted me a price, which seemed very reasonable, and the estimated time he thought it would take. The day of my appointment (after 48 hours of a dry spell since you're not supposed to drink anything so I didn't. Like I said, I'm a planner), I arrived with my husband nervous as all hell. Everyone who worked there was so friendly and professional, which definitely put me at ease, although I got really antsy sitting in the "living room" area watching people come in and out to get piercings. ("Lucky bastards only have to have a second of two of pain," I thought as I waited). Justin greeted me soon after I got there and showed me the sketch of the design he had come up with. I was so impressed by how he took my words and translated them into pictures. The actual tattooing experience was, in some ways, more painful than I thought it would be, but Justin handled the experience in a professional--almost clinical--way. I kind of escaped into a zone where I just fought through the pain to be proud of what I was putting myself through, and he respected that, not trying to chat me up or force me to act a different way than I felt in the moment. I guess in the end being serious about it allows the artist to be serious as well, so don't go drunk and stupid to get art done on yourself and expect it to turn out like a masterpiece. Anyway, when all was said and done (after about an hour and 15 minutes), I got bandaged and then went up to pay. I left feeling on top of the world (those endorphins are crazy!). The funny thing about tattoos is that you almost can't completely judge the professionalism and expertise of the artist until you're done and a few weeks out, when you can see how well the tattoo heals and how great the design looks on my healed skin (and with clothes). In my case, the tattoo healed incredibly, which I contribute partially to my own (typical) attentiveness to the "process," but also to his steady hand and expertise. I've gotten many compliments on the design as well, which you can see in the picture that I uploaded. I'm already thinking of my next tattoo (which everyone who has gotten one says you will!) and I am 110% confident that I will go back to Justin at Urban Art. As I said though, you won't be able to really understand until you do it yourself--so what are you waiting for?
3	I've had 4/6 of my tattoos done here. They do an incredible job and all of the artists are really professional and amazing at what they do. My reason for giving it less than 5 stars is that I often feel like their pricing is a bit wonky. For instance, my first visit there was inspired by two very small tattoos I was interested in getting. I learned the shop minimum was $50 and each tattoo was small enough that that is all they would cost. When I went to the front to pay, they charged me the shop minimum twice....since I had left with two tattoos. Now, if you had connected the two, they would not have equaled more than the shop minimum, and if they did, they were definitely not DOUBLE the price. This perturbed me, but I still came back in the future as they did an incredible job.My most recent experience was even more infuriating as I paid in full for a piece that was going to take two sessions. At the end of my first session, I scheduled my follow-up and the receptionist wrote down PAID IN FULL next to my name. After the second session ended, I was then charged an additional $150 on top of what I had already spent and was told that I hadn't, in fact, paid in full the first time. Word to the wise, get everything they say IN WRITING! The receptionist wrote this comment in pencil and it easily could have been erased. Just a warning! But besides this fact, I do feel every piece I received there was done superbly, even with the additional charges tacked on. Just don't appreciate being told something and it changing in the future.
5	I recently got my belly button pierced at Urban Art and Jessika did a wonderful job. She was clean, professional very knowledgeable. Id recommend  her to anyone!
5	So faer this has been the best shop I have been to in town. Nicole did my girls back, she is great. I am looking forward to gettign more work done there, but on me.  Fair pricing, and great attitude in the shop.
5	I checked out their website first to make sure that they were safe and hygienic. Then looked through their list of artists and their work to see who's style I felt a connection with. I found Neil was the one I wanted to get it done by.I emailed him that I wanted to come in and get it done for my 22nd birthday. He was excited for me since it was going to be my first tattoo. He suggested that I come in with my ideas and then we could talk about where, how big, how long it will take, and cost. I was happy that he wanted to work with me on it and didn't feel any pressure.I was a little surprised at their location when I went, seemed a little on the shady side. After I entered their doors though I was glad to see that they have a great atmosphere inside. All worries were gone at this point. I brought my ideas to Neil and he worked with me on what would look best on my body, but still keep my original vision. I came back 2 days later to get my ink.It took 3 hours and I felt really comfortable with Neil. He did a great job. It was a great experience for my first tattoo and am so happy with his work!
5	I noticed that someone on here reviewed my tattoo and that's how she found the artist to do hers! Ha-ha, that's awesome. Justin has done 2 of my tattoos, I guess you would consider it a half-sleeve. I love both of them! By far the best work I've had done ( I have 7). He has a great portfolio and so do all of his co-workers. My brother had a piece started my one guy. He ended up leaving, and I think Neil finished it and did an amazing job. The front desk, Samantha, is extremely friendly. Love this place! The cost is reasonable. It's not the cheapest, but they don't rip you off. I'm pretty sure Justin has a degree of some sort in art and has won several awards. For the quality of work that they do, it's worth the price for sure. Cheap tattoos look cheap!
4	After writing this post, I was contacted by the owner and reimbursed for their error in charging me twice. It was handled professionally and I'm excited to use the money I was given back for more tattoos!
3	My experiences here were meh. The artists' attitudes were palpable. I was comfortable in the environment getting my tattoo, but I definitely feel like I paid a lot of money just for the name and ended up with a mediocre piece.
5	I won't go anywhere else to get my piercings. trevor is absolutely amazing. he's professional, awesome, knows his stuff.
5	Just got my rook pierced by Trevor! I am so happy with it. He was very personable and professional. Everything was clean and comfortable. I highly recommend this place for piercings.
5	Very professional and clean tattoo studios.  I went to II and III I think. Got tattooed by Sam who is excellent at fine lines, and also had Randy do a tattoo that came out excellent. Was extremely happy. Wish I lived in AZ I would get all my tattoos done here!
4	NOTE: This review is based on a piercing (conch) experience only.THE GOOD- My piercer, Plaid, was efficient, quick, and about as pain-free as possible.- The shop was really nice, clean, and actually surprisingly large.- The folks working here are very friendly and not condescending at all. I have my share of tattoos and piercings but they're all mostly hidden; I've definitely walked into shops and been treated as inferior, but not here!- The price is fair. It was ~$50 for the piercing, including jewelry and tip.THE BAD- While this certainly isn't their direct fault, I purchased some piercing healing spray and the bottle didn't work after I got home, which meant I had to make the haul back to this location to get a replacement. The chick behind the counter acted like this happened all the time... so why don't they check that the bottle works before they hand it over?THE UGLY- The location is incredibly obnoxious. It's on the corner of University and Country Club in a somewhat run down corner shopping center. The two roads are busy and make it very difficult to get in and out. To alleviate this, try to visit at off hours.BOTTOM LINE: I'd definitely come back here for another piercing, and quite possibly a tattoo!
5	Maybe I am ecstatic that I got my first tattoo - and will give anyone a great rating.. But seriously, its a great tattoo.. No regretsI was referred here by my sister who was extremely happy with a tattoo she received. Since I am new to this, I only wanted to get one from a place that I already knew to do great work. Especially since I am not from Phoenix.The artists here know what they are doing. As a creative person myself (creative director for an internet company), its hard for me to give up creative control - especially on something that will be on my body until I die. Needless to say, I handed over the reigns and I don't regret it. I won't get into the pain that is involved in this - this is normal - but I must say it was worth every needle prick. Jamie Was my artist. Great work
5	Sage you got a hell of a team down there after having you do my last piece I was hesitant to go to anyone else, however since your busy schedule i hesitantly made an appointment with Javier and man he's got some skills.  Cool guy and great artist, I speant 5 hours w him on thurs and another 6 hours on friday and we have another 5 hours booked coming up and man am i excited about the way this is turning out.  The whole staff at Urban is awesome, the receptionist as well as the other artist are all cool as hell and always wanting to check out the work being done as if they have alot of passion for what they do and the stores success.  I would swing anyone who doesnt want to wait 3 months for Sage (although he's worth it) to go see Javier as he will go above and beyond to make sure your tat is more than expected,  youve got a great asset in that guy as an employee and I'm not one to ussualy get on these review boards....Good job
2	I was really excited about this place. The reviews were solid. When I looked on their site I was drawn to Justin's work for specific reasons, especially the way he tattooed trees.I went there with the intention of talking to him and setting up an appointment.As I started talking about what I wanted (a tree coming from my mid forearm down onto my hand, lots of detail, etc), he basically just cut me off and explained to me that he hates tattooing trees. He said he gets at least one person a week inquiring about a tree tattoo and how he just hates them and doesn't feel inspired doing them. One of his co-workers walked in and Justin said something along the lines of, "Oh he hates doing trees too" and the guy said, "uhghhh I f*cking hate trees". Now lets be realistic, I am sure if I were a tattoo artist I wouldn't be too jazzed about tattooing the american flag on someones shoulder or a bald eagle on their back but I wouldn't put down someone's interest. I would simply explain that I would recommend someone else, but I wouldn't just blatantly make someone feel like an idiot.He recommended me to go to someone else at the shop but I was so put off by the experience that I decided to go elsewhere (Ian at Club Tattoo on Country Club/US 60 is a lot nicer and actually talked to me about what I wanted).The only part of getting tattoos that I hate is dealing with jerks who think they're far too awesome to be nice to someone with differing interests.I suppose if I were to cross paths with Justin again I would suggest him to take down the pictures of his work involving trees because I'm sure that's what is drawing people  interested in tree tattoos to him.
5	Since my first experience at Urban Art, I have definitely turned into a loyal customer, getting my next three tattoos (yes, I've had three more since the first one!) at this same location. However, for the last two, I've gone to Neil. (I think Justin was booked the first time around and I decided to try someone else at the shop. The second time around, I chose to work with Neil and my husband actually got his first tattoo from Justin.) I am definitely more than happy with Neil's work. He and Justin are friends with some common artistic leanings but distinct styles at the same time, so it's cool to have tattoos from both of them. I definitely appreciated both of their willingness to talk through my tattoo ideas and make recommendations inspired by but elevating my vision. On another positive note, Neil is a really fun and interesting person, which makes the tattooing go by relatively quickly. (Yes, it still hurts, but with the right breathing and good conversation, it's survivable!). With my last tattoo (a back piece that took around 12 hours in multiple sessions), that personality was definitely a huge plus! If you are looking for a great tattoo from a professional yet outgoing artist, I highly recommend Neil!
5	About 4 weeks ago I went in to Urban Art for a cover-up tattoo on my hip based on a recommendation from a friend. I had never seen or heard of the shop, or seen the artist's work, but I took a huge leap of faith and went for it. I am so glad I did. From the moment I waked in to the shop, the experience was awesome. It's clean, professional, and everyone was very nice and welcoming.Tony did my tattoo and he was great about working with me to get a design I liked and was comfortable with. The tattooing experience itself was one of the best I've ever had, and my tattoo healed faster than anything else I've gotten done - follow his aftercare instructions to the letter, it works miracles! Now that it's almost completely healed, you can't even see the original tattoo and it looks so good. I will keep coming back to Tony for all of my work.About two after getting my tattoo, I went back to Urban Art for an industrial piercing, done by Jessika. Again, I had such a great experience and I will definitely be going back to her.Urban Art is awesome, definitely worth going back to for all my piercings and tattoos.
5	Went there with a 17 year old young lady to go get a tattoo and the shop was great!  The receptionist run a little late, it worked out perfect because Neil one of the artist was at the front desk. In his experience and years of tattooing and looking at her art his opinion meant everything to us.  He recommended that her art was done thousands of times, there was nothing unique about it and on her forearm was a lifetime of looking at it.  He talked her out of her work by giving wise advice and made it clear to find your own ideas.  She did!!! The tattoo was done later when more thought and care went into it.  I thank Neil for getting through to a teenager who wanted some ink and them just not doing it for the money.  Class act!By the way, he was late for an appointment because he cared so much in talking her out of the tattoo!!!
5	Just got my third tattoo done here today. I always go see Tony and love his work. Very clean and presentable shop with plenty of room to move around. All the staff are very pleasant and accommodating. Tony is always straight forward and honest with his ideas and concepts. He will always make sure what you want done is something you will want for the rest of your life. Be sure to call ahead and get a consultation so that you will be able to get your work done!! Thanks again Tony!!
5	I've been having some issues with my dermal piercings and Jes has done everything possible to help save them! She's very knowable about piercing I highly recommend her.
5	I've had a tattoo done by Tony and a few piercings by Jes, and both times the atmosphere was really professional! I haven't had any complications with the work done by either of them. Pricing is completely fair for great work, and I'm sure I'll go back for something else in the future!
5	I have been getting tattooed by Rob @ Urban Art since 2009.  The shop is always clean, the people are friendly without the b.s. or pretentiousness you might find among other trendy shops.  This is the real deal.  There are several artists offering a variety of styles to suit your needs.  I've only been tattooed by Rob but I've seen the work of others & it doesn't disappoint.  I've been pierced by Jes & OJ - both are awesome as well.  Samantha, the shop manager, knows my name & exactly who I am every time I call.  Check it out, this is your new tattoo shop.Sage has even donated to a charity Jeep run I help organize annually.  These are great people!Remember, good tattoos aren't cheap & cheap tattoos aren't good.  You get what you pay for people.
5	I got my first tattoo from Rob here, and he did such an amazing job! Although my tattoo wasn't big or too complicated, he had to write it in a certain font that I wanted, and it turned out perfectly. It didn't hurt or anything, and the art was done in a secure, safe, and clean process! Love my tattoo! Definitely recommend Rob! Nice guy too!
5	I had to take my dermal out and Justin aka OJ was very nice, helpful quick and clean.  I will go to him again for any piercing needs.  I didn't get charged for the removal, but I did tip.
5	For piercings I highly recommend Justin (goes by OJ there). He put me at ease for my nose piercing, did it quick and efficiently, and it looks fabulous! For tattoos my husband loves Neil. He's done two very special pieces for him and is going to do another here soon. His detail and shading is crazy good.
