4	Coldstone is my favorite place to go out for ice cream.  I love their unique flavors and how they mix in the toppings for you.  My favorite creation is the Cherry Cake Double Take which is cake batter ice cream, roasted almonds, yellow cake, black cherries, and honey. Soooooo good.  Cake batter ice cream is to die for...and it actually tastes like cake!  The ice cream cakes are good, too, but a bit on the pricey side.  I like the Strawberry Passion cake because it's made with red velvet cake.  Tip: this location requires a key for the bathroom.  There are a few tables outside, but none inside - just a long bench.
3	After having the ice cream cookie sandwich from next door I felt we needed just a little something else.. so I had a 'like it', sweet and tart ice cream, meh.. its their attempt at the tangy tart fro yo which was mediocre at best. They need to focus on their strengths. However the customer service in here was awesome! 3 adorable and friendly guys who were super eager to help! Such a great change from the usual little bitches behind the counter. I'd come back for sure!
2	I love Coldstone like no other but this place has really bad mixers.  I came in on a late afternoon weekday, no other customers to be served.  Placed my order and figured she would give it a good solid mix.  All she did was poke my brownie into my ice cream a few times, sprinkle some nuts, and called it quits.  It was sad that I had to eat all of my brownie at the beginning because it ended up all on top!
3	I am scared that this our destination on Mill Avenue as a family. Wow !  We walked up and down with daughter and her friend in tow.  The highlight of our jaunt to  Mill ave. as a family? Ice Cream  from Cold Stone.  Yep , we picked our flavors and our mix ins. We all know the drill.After getting Ice Cream , we discovered  that all we could really do to enjoy ourselves was prop up on a ledge of a planter and eat.  Then we walked to the train . For a family there isn't a whole lot to do or see.  That is Mill ave .
2	Heavy as a stone!I don't know what they put to their ice cream but it felt like I've had whole 7 course meal (desert included). The flavors are ok but the digestion of a single scoop is terrible and I've never experienced problems with dairy products.  I wonder what they mix into their products....
4	i think I drove about 300 miles around the Phoenix area in a rental car (Ford Focus, ain't bad!) and i did not see one Carvel's or Dairy Queen or anything like it.  You'd think in a place with all that sun people would want ice cream?  I don't always but I was near Mill St/Tempe and fuckit ice cream and colleges go together like...It's Coldstone and if you've been to one you know the deal.  Like It is plenty for me, they have a great selection I go for the cheesecake mixed with pecans.  I still don't know how you guys live without an ice cream joint on every block.  100 degrees in October, hey I love it.
4	The ice cream and smoothies are delicious, however I do have one bad experience. The guy making my smoothie was new and didn't add some of the ingredients... like ice. I just had a cup of warm syrup... had to throw it out since it was bitter and very gross. However, they try to make new ice cream flavors, which include hot peppers or varying spices. Very detailed and extensive menu and worth the trip, however, not recommended for Winter seasons. The people behind the counter being nice or rude varies, just depends on who you get, I've had good and bad experiences. Note: This business has actually changed owners in the past year, and is no longer part of the national chain. It is privately owned and does sell hamburgers and hot-dogs.
2	Another place closed for a while now. This place closed years ago. There is one at the marketplace if your craving the creamery.
