5	I love love love Pratik!  He saved my eyebrows from another salon that threaded them way way way too short (::ahem::Eyebrows R us::ahem::).  Their prices are really cheap and he always does a great job.  He also does facials and they're just as amazing.  He was able to extract all my blackheads and gave an awesome massage.  It's a bit of a drive for me, but definitely a must for the threading junkie!
5	I just moved to Las Vegas from New York 4 months ago, back in NYC indian salons are super popular for a technique called threading, for removing eyebrows/facial hair (better than waxing). This is the only salon I have found since I've been here in Las Vegas that does threading and is truly authentic! I highly recomend this place, friendly staff, quality work! The whole process takes minutes and is super cheap.
1	I hate to rain on the parade, but I was really not pleased with my experience here. After having an awesome experience in Dallas with threading I came back to Las Vegas in search for the same. I read some reviews on Yelp and decided to try Bollywood since it was less than a minute from my house. So while I love threading and what it does for my skin here is why I did  not like Bollywood Salon and will not be going back:1. you sit in a hair stylist's chair which proves to be highly uncomfortable when they want you to lean back and pull the skin around your eyes taught --and I believe this position also leads to devastating errors which I will be getting to... my neck and back have never hurt so much leaving a place and I sat up dizzy and annoyed. Hair removal is painful enough without having your body ache while doing this. 2. Because of the odd positioning, I believe this is how my brows got completely F'd up. Seriously, there's a chunk of hair missing from my left brow that wasn't missing when I went in. (I had to go buy a brow pencil!!)Also, it's like the other hairs were nipped in the process making them all short and stubby and where as before I had a perfect shape my brows are left too thin and the hairs are sticking in weird directions. It is so weird and I have NEVER experienced anything like this. I have been waxing, plucking, etc for years and have never had such HORRIBLE brows! I think this is also because he didn't comb out my brows and trim them properly before using the threading technique to clean up the area around the brow. The last time I was threaded the woman waxed, plucked, cut the hairs and threaded and I left with PERFECT brows. The combo action was right on and I have never been happier and here I go into Bollywood and am left with butchered brows. 3. Once I left the salon and was driving home I was noticing not only the weird chunk gone from my left brow but all sorts of little blonde hairs sticking around. He took all the wrong hairs and left me with tons of peach fuzz I wanted to ditch. I seriously wanted to go home and cry and because I have been so upset about this place decided the only thing I could do is warn others. Pratik did me wrong... Also, they charge you extra for using a credit card. BOOOOO!The only consolation? It's cheap-- but apparently, you get what you pay for. I'll be heading back to Charlie at Wax In The City for waxing until I discover something better...
5	Pratik (Rick) has now moved to Eyebrows R Us.  He is my eyebrow god!
2	I was a regular at this salon. Sandra was always so amazing and took care of me and made my eyebrows look amazing. Then she got help and things just hit rock bottom for her. The last few months I had gone to her, even requesting that Sandra did my eyebrows I got this other woman to do them and she was good, took a really long time, and sometimes didn't even charge me!! And then the next time I went in she wasn't there which was fine because I had Sandra back. That was the first time I noticed that I had been breaking out like crazy on my forehead and around my eyes. Something that never happened before. I watched her closely after that and after 4 months of going to (twice a month) I realized that she had not been washing her hands or sanitizing them!! Looking back at one of the times she even shook hands with several people that had walked in to meet her before she started threading my eyebrows. The breakout was so terrible, I went to a physician. He said it was the starting stages of what looks like a staff infection. Since then, I have switched to eyebrows r us and the breakout has magically disappeared. I will never step foot in Bollywood ever again!
4	My eyebrow threading experience has been limited - Berkeley and at the Ziba chain in SoCal.  My eyebrows were in some serious need of grooming and Bollywood Salon was conveniently what I was looking for.  They are currently offering a promotion for $5 eyebrow threading if you're a first time customer!  Sweet!  (It's $10 after that.)  Yesterday, they were a bit busier and there was about a 30 minute wait, but today I was able to walk in and out in no time.Sandra, the owner, was the one who did my threading.  She had me sit in one of the reclining chairs and got to work.  (I've only sat in those reclining chairs while getting my eyebrows threaded, and have never been to a place where you get to lie down for it.)She was quite particular with shaping and clean up, more thorough than what I've experienced before.  It definitely seemed like she expected to see me again, which goes in her favor for giving a neighborly feel.  And yes, it was a tad bit painful, but I'd choose threading over waxing any day! They are also offering a promotion of a free haircut when you get a highlight or color done.  Men's haircuts are also $10 each.Overall, I was pleased with my experience and probably return.
3	4 years! That is how long they have been open. As I walked in, the place was empty with two women sitting on the chairs talking. I didn't have to wait and was ushered into the set previously occupied by my threader. After a few quick questions on whether I have ever had this done before she sanitized her hands and my brows. When she got to work, she was all business. Roll, grab a wide section, and pull. I was afraid that I would not have anything left with all the ripping sounds. It took me by surprise because my first experience was near painless. This time, I jumped in shock. It was an amplified cleaning that I did not expect. When I came out, my friend said I looked like I was stuck in a state of perpetual surprise. The good, I have two brows with a distinct shape, a light brush and clip at end was also nice. I was in and out in a matter of 10-15 minutes. I liked my previous experience a little more since it was more natural. The bottoms were left,  just cleaned up and not sculpted giving me a fuller look. The work done was precise and that should be commended. I will have to be a little more vocal next time. For $10, it is standard to most other threading salons.
1	I have been going to Bollywood for a few years now and have never had any of the problems that I have read until yesterday.  I was finally talked into a whole face threading (after much badgering and basically belittling).  They know I have sensitive skin, I have been there about 30 times.  My face swelled up like a balloon, and I have red bumps all over the area she threaded.  I went back today to see what she could do for me and she said "I have done thousands of threadings and never seen this before.  Put ice on it." Really thanks, but no S**T put ice on it.  The did a great job on my brows previously, only reason for the star.
3	The eyebrow threading used to be $8, but recently raised to $10--the typical price for threading around LV.  She does a good job not taking too much off and maintaining the natural shape of your brow.Facials are good here too, but they don't stay true to their coupon deals:  The usual facial is 1 hour full price.  My mom got a coupon for 50% off, but instead got 50% off of the time!  30 minutes for half the price = NO 50% DISCOUNT
4	I'm new to Vegas and needed to find an eyebrow threading locating ASAP.  So I took the chance and went and the lady (name starts with an R) did a fantastic job in threading my eyebrows.  She took her time and I am extremely impressed.  It is not the cheapest place in Vegas but I have not had time to check out the other locations.  Eyebrow threading is 10.00.  I have not tried any of the other services.
5	My boyfriend has been looking for a new hair salon for the last few months since his last place stopped doing hair and only does nails now. This place is right next door to the dry cleaner we use so he decided to give Bollywood a try. Turns out they are really good with men's hair. Their price is super reasonable at $13 and not much of a wait. He's been back 3 times already and likes this place better than all the sports clips and great clips type places. Definite A+ rating for men's hair.
5	Love this place. They always do a great job. I go once every two weeks for my eyebrows. Best eyebrow threading in Las Vegas I recommend it to everyone.
4	This place is next to my work....I saw in the window they had a deal for first time eyebrow threading for only 5 dollars!I was skeptical Ive only ever done waxing and HATE plucking so I was nervous....he man that did it was very nice and sweet and told me alot of good natural skin secretsI love the way they turned out.  The pain wasnt to bad, more the waxing but less then plucking.  Best part i wasnt all red and puffy like waxing!!!  And I didnt have one single ingrown.  All in all I loved this salon and the job that was done on my eyebrows....The price goes up to 8 dollars a session after your first time, Ill def go back and pay that amount, still 5 dollars cheaper then waxing, for even better results
3	I mean this place is good with the threadinf BUT twice already that I went there & the person is "sick" and kinda messed with my plans for the day.. they only have one threader so theres no one to cover for him.. gotta say that im gonna be going for another place where it has consisten open hours and workers
1	I'm always one to give people a second chance but I've been there three times and they're not open the hours they said they'd be open.
5	I've been going to Bollywood for about a year now. And every time I walk out from my eyebrows being threaded they never disappoint. Your always scared the first time but I will go no where else!! I have had 3 different techs do my eyebrows and still never disappointed. I recommend them highly and now have several coworkers addicted as well. They also now offer eyebrow tinting haven't tried it yet but I am on my next visit.
5	I just recently moved to Vegas and needed to find a place to get my eyebrows threaded ASAP. I usually get laser hair removal, but not having found a place yet and having a little free time today I decided to try out Bollywood. I got my full face and neck threaded ( I know, yes, I'm really hairy ) They did an excellent job and my eyebrows look great! The lady there took her time and was very nice. The price was affordable, cost $45 for everything! ($35 full face / $10 neck) I highly recommend!
5	I got a wonderful hair and they helped me to my car since I'm on crutches
5	I was in need of some style because my hair was getting kind of "moppy." Well, I'm not one to go to a chain salon but not about to pay $35-50 for a good haircut. So, I began my search for a good salon with fair prices and found Bollywood. After finding this place and reading the reviews I headed over. The owner, Sandra, was very nice and down to earth. I showed her a few pics ( which i think is important to give the stylist a clear idea. She gave me, no exaggeration, the BEST  haircut of my life for $25! I decided to add some color to my life with a layer of pink highlights on the underneath layer of my hair. They're fun. Anyhow, I thought the hair color took the price to $50, but the total was $75. For a cut and a double process color service that is still an affordable price. I would like to return to this salon for my threading and other needs, and I recommend it.
5	This place deserves 10 stars! Ask for Sandra!!!! I came in and asked for a brow & lip thread & came out with my face looking beautiful & an awesome haircut! Sandra was super quick with my threading and when she showed me her work, my eyebrows and lip looked amazing!!!! I asked if they did haircuts and she said yes so I asked for a trip.She washed my hair while giving me a scalp massage...it was perfect! I also loved the haircut!!!! I will definitely come back here...
5	I had been coming here for years, thanks to a friend's recommendation, but for the last year I got lazy since it was a bit far. I was going to a place closer to my house and decided that they do a good enough job, not great. They never really knew how to shape my brows how I liked them but eh it worked fine. I decided to check out Bollywood again when visiting my mom who lives near the salon. What a difference!  Sandra shaped my eyebrows just how I like them. Now I realized that I definitely do not want to just go back to blah eyebrows and will keep going back. Sandra always did a consistently good job unlike these other places I've been to and it also costs $2 less than where I usually go to. They also do eyebrow tinting which I got and it made an even bigger difference in my eyebrows. I will definitely keep coming back for both services.
4	I've been having my eyebrows threaded since I was a teen. I've tried many places in Vegas and this one was pretty good. The price is pretty standard for the area. The tech, I didn't catch her name, did a good job. I keep up on the threading so it was mostly a cleanup job. The only thing I didn't like was how indifferent the staff was. I got a little more than a look when I walked in. She did a good job though so I'd go back.
