5	What comes to mind when somebody mentions "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" Laughter, right? Even side splitting comedy, unique scenarios and improvisation. Well, Jesterz is no different. Located in the Papago Plaza at the corner of McDowell and Scottsdale Road, the spot, called Theater 168 due to the location, is tucked into a retail plaza. Blink and you might miss it. Yet, once inside, don't let the decor (or lack thereof) fool you. This isn't about props and paint swatches. This is about comedy, performed on the fly with audience participation. Come prepared to laugh so hard, you almost choke on your gum, like I did. Come prepared to participate, to voice suggestions, topic ideas, emotions.Watch a cohesive team of jesterz weave together comedy - right before your eyes! It's suitable for all ages and is an absolutely perfect date idea. Or, go with friends and family. Bottom line: Just go. You'll leave feeling cheerful and energized. And, if you're like me, you'll be talking about the jokes, the comedy, the laughter, the fun for days and days... so much so that you'll want to go back!Basic info:The Jester'Z perform every Friday and Saturday night at 8:00 & 10pm at Theater 168. Tickets are $12 for the 8pm show and $10 for the 10pm. There is no age restriction and never a drink minimum. (Concessions available at the snack bar)
5	I loved this! It was different, it was cheap, and it was good, clean comedy. My favorite kind.
4	Funny improv comedy troupe - good clean fun for the whole family.  Word of warning, though: don't go too often.  It's almost completely not funny to me any more because I've been there so many times over the last few years.  They tend to stick with the same routines and sketches, with relatively little variation from month to month.  It's hilarious the first few times, but after about a dozen visits things start to get a little predictable.  I still go, and laugh now and again, but it's more fun watching the people who've never been before get a total kick out the show.
5	This is one of my favorite places to take out of town guests.  It never fails that we laugh so hard our sides hurt!  Always fresh, always funny!  Great place for a date night or family night!  Even my teenagers love it!  I never have to worry about offending my guests because their content is family friendly.  To finish off the night, head down the street to "The Sugar Bowl" for fresh ice cream!
5	I LOL just thinking about some of the cast members and skits that I have seen at Jesterz. The first time I saw Jesterz, I was expecting it to be pretty awkward and honeslty didn't know what to expect. I was blown away how funny it got at times. Good clean funny. We went again soon after the first time but didn't go again for a good 2 years, we went back recently and was kinda worried as the crowd was not as big as past times. Even with a smaller crowd there were tons of LOL moments. Writing about it kinda makes me want to go back.
4	It was good wholesome fun and I had a good time. The night I went was kinda awkward as they had to deal a lot with different props that were provided by the audience. Terrible props, but I guess they made the best of it. There were quite a few awkward silences and laughs, but overall it was okay. Good for all ages and occasions. $12 for the 8pm show and $10 for the 10pm show. 90 minutes of decent Improv. I'd go again
5	Fans of "Whose Line is It Anyway" will like Jesterz Improv.  The cast is smart, funny, and welcoming.  It's a treat to see how five very different personality styles combine on stage to assemble stories from audience suggestions.  We took friends on our first visit and had a great time.  You'll definitely have something to talk about after the show.  I appreciate that the ground-rules keep things from veering into the gutter, thereby encouraging creativity.  That doesn't mean it's the best fit for young kids though.  The sweet spot for this "all ages" show is probably teens to adults.
5	i laughed my ass of the whole time... its a family oriented place soo thier always friendly with thier language and there jokes.. such and amazing improv there truly gifted.. you can aswell do speial requests.. at no extra charge at the prices are worth the laugh. you will have a stomach aching i will deff, recomend yall going. one thing is that you have to make reservations for the day they aslo do events.  make the call and have fun to end the night  as u get home u will still be laughing come back and review!
4	I haven't laughed this much in a long time! I love the random suggestions from the audience and where the 'Jesterz' take the material!! If you haven't had the chance to enjoy this witty, clever and hilarious comedy, take your family and friends, you will have a great time!
5	this is one of my favorite places to go in the valley! always a blast :)
4	We were in Scottsdale for Thanksgiving and I didn't want to sit around the hotel all evening.  Luckily, Jesterz has a special Thanksgiving Show.  The performers that evening were Dalane, Garrett, Mandy, and Paul.  Since it's improv, you never know what you're going to get.  Dalane, Mandy and Paul were good but OMG, Garrett was amazing!  For one skit, Garrett had to pretend he was an iPod so he stuck out his belly (the dial) and rubbed his belly in a counter-clockwise motion to "select" the music on the iPod. I know, it doesn't sound funny when I describe it but he was fabulous.I didn't laugh very hard the first half hour, but that's pretty common for me when I go to comedy clubs.  I just needed to warm up.  It was an enjoyable way to spend an evening.
3	Not as funny as in Philly. Still had a good time.Thanks for the free entry.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place. All the people that mentioned it to me were LDS and I am not so I wasn't sure what to expect from "good clean comedy." My husband and I actually went with an LDS couple on a double date (see, we don't hate!) and they chose this place. Otherwise, we most likely would not have come here on our own. Anyways, I was stunned with some of the ingenious things the Improv group came up with. Honestly was cracking up almost the entire time with the exception of when the one and only girl was up. She was not funny at all. However, there was a guy with blonde hair and glasses that was hilarious! Anyways, I loved this place and would definitely go again. Whats also nice is that its only 12.00 which is quite a difference from the Improv where you pay 20.00 usually for the tickets and have to buy 2 items each as well. Don't get me wrong, I do love the Improv but if you are looking for cheaper and cleaner comedy, then this is your place.
4	Went to Jesterz on Friday with a date. Neither one of us have been there but both like to laugh so we figured instead of the normal places like Tempe Improv we would go check out this place. I'm a big fan of "Who's line is it anyway" and since I've heard this improv show takes alot from that show I figured it would be alot of fun. So first impression is a little weak...you walk in and its a tiny lobby area with a concession stand that sells candy bars and popcorn. After you buy your tickets (which are taxed by the way...what the heck?) You are taken to the main room. The chairs are simple folding chairs and cause some discomfort during the 90 minute show. Maybe investing in cushioned seats would go a long way there. The place on Friday packed up quickly....we were smart to get there 30 minutes prior and I recommend you do the same otherwise you are sitting in the back....which is not as bad as it sounds as the room is fairly small. The stage is a bit claustrophobic due to lack of depth, I mean this could be a good or bad thing....the actor are right in your face, but it just feels like they are on a soapbox the whole time as opposed to a real stage. Another thing is the abundance of children. Now I understand this is a family place and they keep it clean which I have no problem with....but the under 18 crowd was enourmous......not a huge deal just made it a little awkward. Now to the show. The show consisted of 4 actors. Three guys and one girl. They took turns doing different "challenges" of sorts just like in the show "whos line is it anyway" For the most part they were funny....only a few times did it seem forced or uncomfortable which I expected anyway due to this being local and improvised. For the times it was awkward there were at least 2 times I was cracking up. They were very funny. I do feel like 2 of them carried the show. I wish I remembered their names but the two guys who really made me laugh was the bigger blond guy with glasses and the taller balding guy. They really carried the other two through the show. The other two actors had their moments but weren't as flawless. All in all I enjoyed the show. It wasn't so amazing that ill be rushing back to see it soon....but I would recommend it to someone who was looking for this type of place.
3	Jester'z is awesome if you're looking for clean improv! It's sort of a hit and miss with the Jester'z because sometimes they just aren't funny and other times I'm laughing out loud!! All in all a great thing to do for something out of the norm!
4	I'm a huge comedy fan, and this place gave me a night full of laughter. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the prices are a little steep, but other than that, Jester'Z is awesome!
5	This was such a fun evening.Family friendly, so take your kids, take your girlfriend on a date, etc etc.  The owner, Jeff, is always there, always entertaining, and I was leave with a smile on my face.  It takes so much talent to do an improv show, and this is by far the best I've seen.  Can't wait to go again.Check in on Yelp or Facebook and get a free item from there snack bar.
5	The improv scene in the Valley is something I really love, so much that I even got into taking classes and eventually became part of the Jester'Z improv troupe in Scottsdale.I went back to Jester'Z to check out my pal, who had a class show. He's only in the first level class, but I was so impressed with how well everyone did and am excited to see the growth at their final class show. They're definitely on the way to becoming great performers and may even make it into the regular troupe.Jester'Z has shows every Friday and Saturday night at 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. Tickets are $12, and that gets you a 1 1/2 hour show where audience members give suggestions that the troupe takes and turns into short comedic scenes.Jester'Z is extremely consistent with its shows, providing a steady stream of laughter on any given night. Many of the improvisers are also actors in other media, such as film and television, and the troupe is extremely professional.Having been a part of it, I know how hard the actors work and how seriously they take the troupe, and I highly recommend Jester'Z as a fun night out. For more info, log on to www.jesterzimprov.com.
3	If you are looking for a kick back relaxing and enjoyable time, Jester'Z is a fun place to go!It is in a store front, easy to find and parking is easy as well.Friendly friendly staff and you get in FREE for your Birthday!I enjoyed that the whole show is audience participation and everyone was laughing and having a good ole time.Some of the skits were funny but mostly.... I am funnier than they are! But lets remember they are everyday folks who do this for fun...... and fun it was!Give it a try and remember.....Enjoy and have fun and live each day as though it were your last!
4	This was my first time at Jesterz and I was impressed.  They did a great job and I sure was laughing most of the night.  There were only a couple "skits" that I did not think were that funny but for the most part I was non-stop laughter.  The crowd got asked a lot to give suggestions for the show.  It was nice involvement.  Garrett, Paul, and LaMar did a great job on stage.
5	Hahahaha!  I'm still laughing. If you want an evening of family fun, you have to check this place out.  They are hilarious!  I have been 3 times now and each time I leave with my sides hurting.  The best part is that they are CLEAN comedy!  I think it takes a lot more talent to make people laugh without resorting to dirty jokes. They are improv, which means even if they play the same games, you're going to get a completely different show every time.  You're going to have fun.  Trust me!  Plus, there's really no such thing as a "bad" seat here.  Even in the back row you're close enough to the stage to be in on the games.  But if you can sit right in the front, I recommend it, because some of the facial expressions from the actors are priceless, especially in those rare instances that one of their team members catches them off-guard. Be sure to add them on Facebook.  Every now and then they'll have last minute specials, plus their shows frequently sell-out, and Facebook is often the quickest way to get that info so you don't have to try going to a sold-out show.Highly recommended, especially if you need a laugh.
4	Fun place and not as expected. There did seem to be a lot of the teeny boppers in the house though who were saying some very dumb suggestions for the improv guys. But I laughed the whole time and was impressed with these guys talents. A fun way to spend a friday or saturday night! I'll definitely return some time in the future.
5	this is the best show in town.
1	This show was definitely NOT what we are used to for comedy...the reason...comedy was absent....If you are looking for stand-up comedy, improvisational or not, this is not the place. This is a comedy troupe (being generous on the word comedy here...). There are no tables, just rows of chairs...but that is because there is no drink service. This is more geared to the 12 - 20 crowd, with sodas and candy bars for sale, and simply some place to hang out on a Saturday night...And this was the "late" show... Really wish we could get back that 90 minutes of life...but it is gone forever... The place was full (largely 12 - 25 crowd. So, someone likes it...but we will not be back.
5	Funny stuff!
5	OMG...we took my 12 year old son and 3 friends for his birthday.  It was so much fun and I've never seen them all laugh so hard in my life.  My husband and I laughed the whole time too.  They keep asking when we can go back.  I agree and would go back to this family friendly place in a heartbeat.  Great fun!!!!
5	Good show!
5	I went here with my girlfriend Saturday night at 9, after dinner at Lolo's :) (just a mile or so north) and I must say it was alot of fun. Improv is hard to do, and these guys really did some funny bits! Especially Paul and Kevin! I've been here a few times and each time I have an awesome experience. Thanks guys! And to all the haters, like run and hr, remember its a free country and people can say whatever they want. These guys make fun of a lot of stereotypes, it's called comedy! And if they have a personal opinion, so what? Everyone is entitled to one.
5	i absolutely love improve its always so much fun and exciting. and you really get a kick of it
4	Great date night at a nice, clean environment.
5	I have been to several comedy clubs in New York that are supposed to be the best and they were not as funny as Jester'z. One of the things that makes this place so great is that it is all clean humor. There is something so refreshing about it. Perfect for any situation, with anybody you know.
5	What a fun date night! We went on the up and comers night, thursday and we were impressed. When we arrived we were a little bit nervous if we were going to like it and even debated leaving and heading to stand up Scottsdale, So glad we didn't. Improv is hard and these guys did a wonderful job, there were a few times it was a bit painful, but they came back and had the crowd laughing again. I can't wait to check them out again and for ten bucks you couldn't ask for better entertainment.
5	Spent the 90 minute performance laughing hard enough to cry.  The cast was immensely talented, and seemed to feed off the energy of the sold-out show.  As a group of 4, we got there about 25 mins early, and I'm glad we did as we were easily able to sit together.  Had we arrived 10 mins later, we may have been separated.  The staff is friendly, the night's host kept things moving (not easy to do when you've got the audience shouting suggestions at you), and the show was great.  I look forward to returning.
5	My friend and I went to a 9pm show on a Saturday and surprisingly there were a lot of open seats. You do need to make reservations for all shows and purchase tickets ahead of time. There were a few families with children, couples on dates and singles. I loved it because it was very age appropriate and the cast kept it clean. So many comedy acts feel they need to be crude in order to gain approval from the crowd, but this was very tasteful. I love that they use the audience to make the skits, but of course we had those few people who try to ruin it by being dirty or inappropriate. The "director" handled these teenage kids comments well and still kept it family friendly. I love how the members of the cast react to the audience and are always open to what the crowd says for the skits! Definitely worth the money!!! I laughed the entire time!!
5	You must go!  Had a great time.  Laughed for 1 1/2 hours ~Good clean fun - any age appropriate.  Cast members are smart, funny and quick-witted!  Very entertaining from beginning to end!  I will definitely go back...
5	Such a great time. I've been three times now. Different content and actors each time. Get in free on your bday. Family friendly!
5	I loved it!We came for a team event, and had a blast.  The fact that these people can take any topic and run with it had me craving "Whose Line Is It Anyway".We had food brought in and nice tables were set up for us.They kept it clean, humorous, and the actors were awesome.I would highly suggest this as a family outing, or for any work event.
5	One word: hilarious. Good clean fun for all ages. Went here expecting a good show as I heard many good reviews. What I didn't expect was to get an amazing show! The three gentlemen that were performing that particular night had the crowd in tears. These guys are very good at improv and the games they played were very unique and interactive. Will definitely go again. Also found out you get a free show on the week before or after your bday (I think 6 days window). Go see this show. You won't be disappointed.
