4	Dr. Caroline Pierce is my primary physician at Mecklenburg Medical Group, and she's awesome. She makes you feel very comfortable and at ease, and you can tell she actually cares. Usually at the start of each appointment, she comes in to talk to me about why I'm there, etc., before examining me. One time I had a serious health problem and she helped get me into CMC quickly for some tests, so I didn't have to wait in the ER. Then she called me later that day with the results, which was impressive. The staff at her office isn't always the friendliest, but if I call with an urgent need for an appointment, they always figure out a way to get me in.
5	Dr. Wanda Robinson is one of my favorite people in the world:-) Never had a doctor that genuinely cares for her patients and is not afraid show it. I know she gets sick of me(proclaiming to be a dr in my own mind) self diagnosing myself by way of the internet.......please forgive me:-) The office is conveniently located uptown in the BB&T center and I've never had a problem getting in for a last minute appointment or if there is an emergency.
5	Dr. Wanda Spolnicki Robinson is my doctor and has been for over 20 years.  I met her on her first day at work there at MMG Uptown office.  She was young and full of energy.  That has never charged.  She has helped me through minor ailments and major chronic diseases that I have experienced.  She is very smart, energetic, caring, compassionate and professional.  I left out one important fact.  She is extremely bright and keeps abreast of all the new information and procedures that become available on human physical and mental health issues.  She volunteers every year to help the needy and works several times a year in the hospitals to keep informed on the regular procedures and problems that arise there.One of the things I like most about her is she is a Christian.  She prays for her patients regularly and cares about their families and how things are going at home and at work.  In my opinion,  you will not find a better doctor here in Charlotte,  North Carolina.  She is a Family Practitioner / Internist and has been rated one of the Best Doctors In America year after year.  That speaks volumes.I think it is important to recognize Doctor's who are making a difference in the world and Doctor Robinson is one of those Doctors.  I feel lucky to call her my Doctor.
4	Desperate to leave another practice whose name I won't mention here, my friend referred me to Dr. Caroline Pierce.  My experience was outstanding with everyone that I encountered at MMG, from the lady at the front desk (Rita) to Anna in phlebotomy.  Nurse Mira was pleasant and kind as well.  Dr. Pierce seemed very organized with her examination.  She exuded a genuine concern for my well being and health.  Plus, she appeared to be physically fit and showed interest in my exercise habits.  The only drawback was dealing with an annoying parking attendant in the BB&T building upon leaving, but that is not MMG's fault.  I now have a practice that treats me with respect and compassion.
1	I have been going to this practice for yours.  Really liked my primary a lot.  That said, I have noticed that last year or so, they over-bill folks.  I went in for my checkup- the doctor spoke to me about high blood pressure.  No prescriptions were written, nothing outside of a BP test was done, yet they split-coded it as a separate visit/discussion than my annual.  $150.  I thought the purpose of my annual was to talk about stuff like that.  This practice and the associated hospital are there to make a $.  No customer service.  When I went in to discuss, I heard another patient checking in.  This time the attendant let them know anything out of basics annual check up routine, anything else discussed will be billed separately.  Clearly other folks complained and now they CYA at check-in.  I decided to get a copy of my records and find another practice.  2-months later, I get a $30 bill to photocopy my records.  To photocopy people.  Whatever happened to service and treating folks right.  This place looks at you as an ATM.  I wouldn't recommend folks to go here for lousy service, non-transparent billing, and you just never know what a letter from them will hold.  I don't think they really care about your health.  Its just a business model for them.
3	Came in to visit Dr. Anne Barnard and was greated by some of the friendliest people.  I get pretty anxious about any doctor visit so anyone willing to share a smile is a plus for me.  I was most impressed at how close to my appointment time it was to when I actually got taken back to my doctors exam room.  That's a rarity these days I think we can all agree on.The place was clean, doctor was great and the support staff was equally impressive.  I'll be back for sure.
1	The doctor prescribed me medication that I am allergic to. It was in my chart and I told her about my allergy in person. I ended up in the emergency room. The practice manager does not seem to care about the issue and their whole staff is awful.
5	I have been a patron of this MMG office since I came to Charlotte many years ago.  I have been with Dr. Robinson since she began with the practice.  I was wary of her being so young but we have matured together.  I like that MMG has a myriad of physicians on hand so that when I need an urgent appointment (which has not been often), I know who I would like to see vs. seeing someone who has no beside manner.  Being in that position doesn't help you when you are ailing.The Uptown office provides free parking in the deck beneath the building so I have continued to be seen at this location although I no longer work in the area.  MMG has offices throughout the area so once you decide on a location, you can check out the physicians who see patients there before deciding.  From my experience, the physicians tend to stay at MMG so there's no so much of a rotating door.
4	Good for the most part.  Umar Bowers is a nice guy, cares about his patients & their health and well being.  For this reason I would recommend him as a primary care doc.  He is knowledgeable, methodical, patient, & comprehensive.  One of the best primary care docs i've seen.Only complaint is one of the personnel that draws blood in the lab.  He could have more of a customer service oriented attitude.  He tends to be abrasive & abrupt.  Overall, a fan of this practice!  Would recommend it!
5	The staff was  really friendly and the doctor was very helpful. Definitely staying here
