5	It's rare I'm super thrilled with any home related repairs. Generally the repair cost, the hassle of coordinating a time to meet, wrangling the dogs when they arrive, etc makes it a ridiculously stressful experience and I don't feel like writing a review even if they do a great job. Rudy Cools went above and beyond. They came out this past Monday after work hours and quickly diagnosed and repaired by AC - same day I called! The repaiir cost was reasonable. Just today it cut off again and I admit, I was rather ticked I was hot once again but Chris, the technician made a house call on a Sunday and fixed the issue at no cost. Good follow-up is major points as far as I'm concerned. He also answered some questions I had about the age of my unit without trying to alarm me or sale me a new unit right away. Bottom line - quick service, fair prices, honest repair team.
5	Michael Argento and his team are fantastic.  I own a townhome and operate a business in a rented space... and unfortunately I've experienced HVAC problems at both!  I've tried Morris Jenkins, Miller Heating & Air, my landlord's "handy guy"... and NO ONE compares to Rudy Cools.  Now that I've found this company, I'll never call anyone else.  Here are some of the reasons Rudy Cools gets 5 stars:1.  Michael and his team are all punctual and friendly.  You get a specific appointment time, not a 4 hour window like so many other places offer.  While they are working, they will chat with you about their kids, gardens, dogs, etc :)2.  The staff is neat, clean and professional - they wear uniforms and don't arrive covered in mud and grime (other companies have done this and tracked dirt and grease all over my home).3.  They are knowledgeable and helpful.  They will take you outside and show you what is wrong (how it currently looks vs. how it should look).  They spend time explaining the issue and the options to you and let you decide on the best course of action.  I've never felt "pushed" to do something and I understand why I'm spending my money on.4.  The prices are completely fair, and the company offers financing too!5.  They can service both residential and commercial units - this was not the case with other companies I had tried in the past.Every single time I have interacted w/ Michael and his staff, I have been thoroughly impressed.  It's great to see a business owner who is so skilled, hard working, and involved w/ his customers.  Thanks guys!!!
5	I decided we should get a professional to come check our airflow issues on our second floor and tuneup our furnace. We were pretty confused by our duct system and weren't sure about what went where. So glad I called Rudy Cools! Our technician was Charles and he was right on time and very professional. As he performed the tuneup, he discovered our heat pump wasn't working. After some discussion, Charles figured our new thermostat wasn't compatible and recommended we test the original one that came with the house. Thanks to Charles, we discovered that we purchased the wrong thermostat for our system. He also showed us how the airflow worked and explained how to regulate the temperatures for each floor. We really appreciated him educating us on our system. Another plus is that their technicians are not working on commission so there's no pressuring you to about additional repairs or even services that you may be able to do yourself. Rudy Cools cools will definitely be our resource for any HVAC needs in the future.
5	I've had them come out twice now and both times felt like I was provided the highest level of professional treatment and HVAC assessment available. Most recently, I was informed that a damper wasn't properly calibrated and air wasn't flowing correctly. Would have never known it had the tech not taken the time to notice and adjust it, then explain it to me. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone.This is the kind of company and treatment you always hope you'll get but often don't Rudy Cools is doing it the right way and will lay claim to loyal customers along the way!
5	We replaced our AC six years ago with Angie listed Patterson Heating and Air. We have had a maintenance program with them ever since. However, after their inflated bid of $355 to replace a dual capacitor, forced me to check my Yelp account.I found Rudy Cools!Rudy Cools price of $165 was reasonable, fair and on target. Their employee was courteous and efficient. He also took the time to show me the Farad readings on the new and old part.Rudy Cools made my 50th Birthday weekend all the more enjoyable with a savings of almost $200.
5	After years of no a/c. I found Rudy Cool on Yelp.  Nothing but rave reviews.  So we decided to give them a try.  It was well worth it.  It is so cold in my home we are wearing sweatshirts and sweaters.  Flavia was so nice, even after I called 10 times to make sure I was working with the right company.  She even helped me to get rid of Lowes.  Charles gave me a better unit and I saved $5000 using Rudy Cools. The guys were nice and informative.  They were on time. Rudy is definitely Cool!!! Don't be a FOOL use RUDY COOLS.
5	Yay for good service! It started with a call answered by Flavia, who was so friendly and professional. She listened to my plight and after a few minutes had me smiling, feeling that I'd called the right place and I was on the schedule for that day!  Charles came out to check my A/C unit that miraculously started to work when his was a short distance from my house. When he called to tell me his expected arrival time, he asked if I still wanted him to come out. Yes - I told him I wanted the unit checked out because the temperature was going to remain in the 90's. Charles was courteous, checked my capacitor and Freon level and explained the unit, although old was still working.  He didn't pressure me with any tales about how the unit could go out any minute or that I should replace parts or the even the unit. He treated me with respect, courtesy and gave clear explanations. Best of all, the cost of the call was so reasonable. I will keep Rudy Cools on my speed-dial and recommend them every chance I get!Talk to Flavia, you'll see what I mean!
5	I scheduled an AC tune up after buying my first home, and was very impressed with the service I got. Charles was very knowledgable and professional. He did a great job explaining what he found, my options for remedying the problems, and ideas about the cost of each option. He even asked if I had a home warranty, as some of the work might be covered through them. I told him I wasn't sure, but when I looked into it it turns out my agent did get me a warranty. Charles may have saved me hundreds of dollars with that suggestion. I signed up for a service plan where they will come out twice a year for HVAC check ups, and I will definitely be using them for all future repairs. I also love that they are based here in Plaza Midwood, so I am putting money back into my community.
5	A/C just stopped working on one seriously hot weekend.  Charles came over on Tuesday, knocked out the problem in less than an hour, and then gave me a bunch of tips to keep my system better maintained.  All at a very fair price too.These are good neighborhood people, can't recommend them enough.
