5	Nice hotel, nice warm cookies!  I have stayed at this one twice and would recommend to out of towners.
3	how do they give you a warm cookie when you check in? i'm not sure but they do!everything went well with my stay at the double tree hotel, i ate the fish and chips, which was very different than fish and chips i'm used to.  i'm real glad that i ordered a salad to go with my huge piece of fried fish and steak fries.my next door neighbor woke me up for 1 hr by watching infomercials really loud on their tv from 4am-5am (and i was on pst time so that's 1-2am for me).oh, and they had everything i needed in the bathroom except shaving cream, which is pretty standard.
4	Being in Charlotte the last 15 weeks I needed a new place top stay that was not going to show up as a huge expense to my client but better than the HGI.  Welcome to the Double tree.  Located right off the West Trade Street exit on 77 South it's easy on easy off.  The hotel is on the edge of the "happening" area of the city but there is a trolley that runs every 10 minutes up to 10(ish) nightly or a 5 minute cab ride to some of the best restaurants in the area.  The hotel has nice rooms that are clean and spacious.  The bathrooms have the Kholer water saving toilets and the giant water saving shower heads with good pressure.  The other thing I love is a good heating and cooling system that evenly cooled the room.  The bar is small but I am never there except for a quick nightcap.  You have a choice of getting the extra points or breakfast vouchers.  Here is my suggestion that works every time for those that stay in the same hotel for weeks at a time.  If you are there for a week, book for 3.  Take the breakfast vouchers.  Then check out at the end of the week.  The next week you can elect the points, use one of those quality white out tapes and presto..... It gives new meaning to the Hilton Double Dipping concept. I give this place a solid 4 stars for friendly staff, good parking and great rooms.  Oh, and remember to ask for you warm cookie.......
4	This hotel is located on the west side of downtown Charlotte, less than one minute from Highway US 77. The location makes it very easy to get to and from the airport and any other highway taking you to parts of the city or its suburbs. In early February 2009, the hotel was in the midst of a makeover. The lobby, the area around the elevators, and the common areas on the ground floor were inaccessible due to the construction. Based on the finished work in some parts, the end result promises to be spectacular and commensurate with what one would expect of a top notch DoubleTree Hotel. The room was fantastic with a king sized bed and all of the amenities that usually accompany a DoubleTree hotel room. The property is far enough away from the nightlife of downtown to allow you to get a good nights sleep. Also it is within walking distance of the convention center if that is your destination. The staff was very helpful and the business center provides free Internet access in case you want to print out your boarding pass without incurring a fee. The parking lot was confusing. I am certain that there were more than the 12 spots that I saw when I tried to park. It is my own fault for not following up with the staff to ascertain how to access the other sections of the parking lot, so I won' t hold that against the hotel. Since I obtained this booking via priceline.com, the rate was very good, probably due to the construction. I would not expect to get the same rate at this hotel once the construction is completed.
4	Stayed here while in town visiting family.  The accomodations are nice and the price is right.  Has a great location right in uptown Charlotte.  The place will also accept pets which is a big thumbs up in my book!  I ate breakfast in the hotel every day - it has the typical assortment of breakfast food and it was ok.
4	I stayed at this hotel while in town for a meeting. The hotel was close to all the hot spots, located in a trendy part of town. This was a great deal on Priceline for $49. The room was well decorated and look to have been recently renovated. Great area for walking , Starbucks and other shops across the street.
3	Hotel is pretty nice- great location- very clean- gave it three stars instead of four because the televisions in the rooms are the same model I had in my college dorm room in 1989- could use a little updating- got in early on Sunday afternoon to hopefully catch the football games...
4	The location was great and the rates were affordable. With a military discount it was under $100/night (including NYE). Booking online was a breeze and the staff was very friendly when we checked in. The cookies they give you during your check-in are amazing!!! I'd probably go back just to eat the cookies lol... One of the great things the hotel offers is a town car service instead of taking a cab. The rates are comparable and they run until 2a-3a.My only complain would be the placement of the toilet in the bathroom. It was very awkward and seemed like an afterthought... otherwise, I loved this place and would recommend it to anyone staying in the downtown Charlotte area.
2	Lots of adjectives come to mind. Dumpy. Ancient. Moldy. Quite far from the heart of downtown (by Charlotte standards). Most rooms don't even have a minibar. Nor do they have nice TVs.The wifi speed was decent though. That's always a plus.
4	The location was not bad.  It took me about 20 minutes to walk to the more festive "epicenter" part of town.  Even though I passed a bus station, the city felt pretty safe.  The bar in the hotel was tiny so don't expect a lot of guests to hang out there.  The pool looked really nice but I didn't test it out.The bed and room were excellent... I slept like a baby at a hotwire price.
2	The location was fine and the room had recently been updated to be very(almost excessively) modern. However, the reasonable price for the room was offset by the additional costs of the amenities. Internet access was $10 for every 24 hours. Parking was $13. Breakfast (mediocre food) was $15. Room service food was overpriced. Left feeling like it was NOT a good deal at all.
1	We were here for New Years, for 2 nights.  And, It appears the "Occupy" movement has got tired of tents and have moved into the Double Tree hotel.  It seems we were the only people on our floor without dreads and pot.   Many of these people were hanging out in front of the hotel, sitting on the steps,  for most of the days and evening too.  When I asked what was going on to the desk staff, they said... "Sir, it's New Years".  Hmmm?  The sheets have been used too many times and they need to get new ones.  Also, our room came well equipped with two unique blood stains, on the down comforter and wall in bathroom.     Happy New Year to us.
5	Excellent all the way around. Very accommodating, nice rooms and convenient! Thank you!
3	Stayed here on business for 2 nights. Likes:My room was recently updated: fresh decor, electronics, and bath fixtures.  I appreciated the divided trash bins for recyclable and non-recyclable garbage in both the bedroom and bathroom.  Drawer-warmed cookies (not fresh-baked warm,  so a little crunchy) upon check-in, and depending on who you get - late night munchies!Perfect easy location for what we needed- our meetings were located not even across the street.  Nice outdoor seating area available off the front drive way (it was 70 degrees and sunny before our meetings started), and Starbucks across the street.Not so great:$10 per day WiFi access (and despite being told there was free WiFi in the business center, I couldn't get reception).  No in-room checkout (via the TV).   Also an overwhelming 'sweet' aroma I can only guess was some sort of air freshener in the lobby.  It was consistent each day at various times, so it was not one person's perfume or results of  resent over-zealous cleaning.Not sure I would stay here for a vacation (a little outside of 'downtown' and historic Charlotte), but I would and will definitely be using this DoubleTree again for business.
4	Nice hotel and good location.  The room was nice and the breakfast buffet was good but didn't include made to order omelets.  I would stay here again.
5	Beautiful hotel, lovely sunny room decor. Very comfy beds. Super clean! Nice amenities. Close to everything. Staff helpful. No free wifi, come on! Quiet. Great view from our high room. Great deal for my Johnson & Wales student. Loved our stay here!
5	Official Team Hotel of the Charlotte Hounds. Bill, Kim, Rachael and the rest of the staff are amazing. Rooms are super nice. Location is perfect. Take advantage of the Hounds friends/family rates ($89 Weekend, $119 Weekday) by clicking thru one of the Doubletree ads on www.charlottehounds.com.
3	This place is great for the price and location.  def recommend if you in the area
2	Okay, I'm basing the low review on one factor--they charge for wi fi in the room.  I can't stand this new ploy some hotel chains are using to squeeze another ten dollars out of you (after the normal 3 or 4 special taxes they hit you with).  The hotel was fine otherwise but as you can tell charging for wifi is my pet peeve.  I will look for a more hospitable hotel next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	In town for the Belk Bowl Game. The room was average size and had a sort Chaise chair for relaxing. The bed was very comfortable. One highlight was the excellent staff. Room service was fast and the food very tasty. When we had a problem with the in room safe, a technician was at the door within 10 minutes and fixed it immediately. Even brought up a new key after getting the safe fixed. The breakfast buffet had a good selection and as a Gold HHonors member, free.Parking was not cheap ($13) but convenient I would stay again
5	Stayed here in Decmber, 2012. Great hotel. Nice warm cookies at check-in, or if you just ask for one. Try and stay here anytime I'm in Charlotte.
3	I really enjoyed my stay at this particular doubletree property in Uptown Charlotte. The hotel's modern design and colors were a very welcome change from the typical hotel experience but the lack of free wifi was a little discouraging, along with the distance to travel to most of the local restaurants and bars. If you're planning on going out for an evening of dinner and drinks plan to get a cab back to the hotel. The staff at the hotel was very polite and the cookie you receive when checking in is delectable.
4	I love the fact that they have a recycling bin in each room! The layout of the room was nice and service was really good. The fitness center was not amazing, but it was definitely nicer than a lot of hotels. Covered parking and easy to access.
4	Warm cookie at check-in!  They even gave me an extra one when I returned one night from dinner and needed dessert (though I was told this is not the norm, since it's supposed to be one cookie per check-in).I like the attempt to make the hotel room a bit more modern- dark wood finishes, accent walls, lime green and turquoise colors on the curtains, carpet and chaise chair.  Overall the room was modern, clean and convenient, with a large granite vanity and large shower.  I had a nice view of the central courtyard.  Free wifi as a Hilton Homors member, in the rooms and common areas.  The doors tend to slam loudly so you do hear others entering and exiting their rooms.Covered parking is not free, but it's just down the street from restaurants and bars.  I like the convenience of the Starbucks located just across the street.Stay here if you like: Modern hotels, chocolate chip cookies, free wifi (for Hilton Honors members), convenience to Starbucks (across the street).Do not stay here if you like:Historical buildings/districts, free parking, free breakfast.
3	I attended a convention in Charlotte at the end of July 2013 and the hotels that were partnered with the conference were all booked. I chose this hotel as part of a package on Travelocity.Located uptown right near the Johnson and Wales campus, this hotel fit the bill.Roughly a mile from the center of Downtown and the Convention Center, the location is far enough to be out of the hustle and bustle but near enough to walk to the Convention Center and Downtown restaurants if you choose to do so.The room on the second floor was smallish, but adequate. Safe in room, but other than that, no in room bling. Not a fan of the open shower at all. I like a nice shower with good water pressure. The shower in this room has a seat and a hand held shower head. It's not enclosed and there is no tub. To be fair, the shower head is on a mount that can be adjusted for height and direction, but the result is less than adequate water pressure. Any more and you would flood the bathroom.Staff is very friendly and helpful. Check in was uneventful and you can check out via the phone in your room. Final bill is shoved under your room door on the morning of your check out.Bar/Restaurant is typical. Overpriced, but you have other choices. Dining options immediately around the hotel are limited. Subway, The Great Wok, Cedar Street Tavern are within short walking distance and are fine if you don't want or need to go downtown for better dining.There is a CVS and a Harris Teeter also within short walking distance.Parking is $13 a day in a structure next to the hotel. In room internet is $9.95 for 24 hours. I understand a parking charge, but it seems a bit steep. I simply do not understand any hotel charging for Wi-Fi access in room when it's free in the lobby and other public spaces of the hotel.Minor quibbles, but If I were attending a multi-day conference at the Convention Center, I'd look for a hotel closer. Price would be close to a wash and convenience would be better.
1	BEWARE! Housekeepers are THIEFS!I stayed at Double Tree in Charlotte, NC for 6 hours, while I was sleeping a house keeper entered my room and stole $400 out of my wallet. I confronted the manager, they checked to see the history log of entries to my room and the manager confirmed a house keeper did enter my room 20 minutes before I woke up and complained. Then told me that he does not think she took the money because she is a long time employee and that was it.... Why did she enter my room while I was sleeping at 12:43 noon time? There was not a single knock or a phone call. She claimed there was noise complaint between 3 rooms. Wouldn't the lobby call or knock on my door? The manager did nothing to help, and I ended up leaving the hotel to go to the airport. I am shocked that this would happen at a Double Tree and the manager did not offer ANY HELP! I will not stay at Double Tree ever again for the lack of help from the management. Manager did not even offer to comp my 6 hour stay either! Terrible way to start my vacation!
4	First time here ..stayed one night .. The fresh cookie was a nice hot gesture to bad I don't eat nuts lol but I still thought it was cool the hotel has a fresh mod vibe the room was clean and a decent size and great price they also had great hand-lotion which I loved  it was like coriander or sage I can't remember.. This was a nice hotel clean and comfortable I highly recommend
5	Great first impression.  Lobby looks very clean and nice, staff are friendly, the hallway on the 8th floor is bright, clean and feels cool, not warm and muggy like some hotels.  The rooms are very nice and contemporary, with nice clean corners.  The bathroom is clean, one of the best I've seen.The AC has a motion sensor which is annoying, I was able to get the staff to bypass it and I was able to get the temperature down to 60.  Which feels very pleasant.Got my warm cookie, breakfast coupons and free Internet for being a diamond member.I never tried breakfast, even though I had free breakfast coupons I was simply too lazy to wake up early enough to try it.The gym was nice, they had free weights, 2 treadmill (one was broken) and 2 elliptical machines.Parking was in a parking structure that requires your hotel card or pay as you go.I would recommend this hotel.
2	2 stars for the curtious staff.  Rooms do not have fridges or microwaves....they can be provided at a charge if $10 (each) per day.  Decent fitness facility, with good running trails (frazier park) nearby.
2	Pros:                            Cons:Awesome staff.            14$ breakfastClean rooms.                No fridge                                      No microwave                                      No coffee
3	Comfy beds and overall seemed very clean. Thought this place would be way nicer and a few blocks closer to the Epicenter for the price though. Weird bathroom layout with toilet under the counter. The pool is nothing to write home (or yelp) about. The guest elevator is also the service elevator with a second door that opens each time you're in it to the towel/supply room, so it always smelled like bleach. $13 self parking with a walk from the garage that doesn't have a ramp to take your luggage over and no option to valet. Meh.
3	Everything you would expect from a Hilton Doubletree - clean, modern, aimed at the business travelers of the world. Of course, wifi is only free for Hilton Honors members, which is semi-annoying, but that's pretty standard for hotels aimed at business travelers. The staff was extremely accommodating and helpful, and beds were super comfy. There is self-park and valet - around $15 or 20 a night, if I remember correctly. Starbucks is right across the street, but aside from a Subway, other dining options within walking distance are pretty limited
1	One star. It's only because they won't let me give it zero stars. Read this carefully, if you book your room through a third party, such as Orbitz, they do not guarantee the room that you booked online. Traveled with my brother and booked a two double bed room and when we arrived all they had were rooms with a single king bed. Was told by the front desk I could get a roll away bed brought into the room at an extra charge of $10 a night if they had any available. Didn't matter whether they had any available or not because I had no intention of giving this place any more of my money. I travel often and I mean i travel a lot and this is the first time I have ever had this happen to me. I have stayed in nicer hotels at cheaper prices and haven't dealt with this kind of problem ever. Needless to say I have crossed all Hilton hotels off my traveling list. Also, room was tiny, small fridge, breakfast was not free where as in most places I stay it's complimentary. Bath tub floor was slick, tried to be careful didn't matter because I busted my you know what in the shower. Just an all around poor experience and I will not be back. One last thing, you hear everything that happens in the hallways no matter what's going on and that sucks when you are trying to sleep.
2	I stayed here over the weekend (September 26-28) and was honestly not pleased. I booked with my HHonors and checked in with their app. The app lets you add things to your room before you arrive (refreshments, extra pillows etc.). I knew we were going to be coming in late so I requested two bottles of smart water and extra pillows (I'm eight months pregnant). None of this was provided upon arrival. When we arrived we found out there was no valet and self parking was $14 a day. The self parking garage is not close enough for me to walk so my husband and had to get the car and leave me in the lobby waiting. If $30+ wasn't enough for parking they also charge $10 for WiFi for just a day! When I called the front desk to see if she could offer me anything since I was a loyal HHonors member she simply said no and wouldn't help me. The room was clean and I had no problems with it accept that the bath tub was small and I couldn't sit down and fit. I love Hilton hotels and will continue doing business with them but this DoubleTree was a no in my book.
3	Decent rooms. Great location downtown. I wanted to work from my room but there was no hard wire connection and the wifi was weak along with a weak password given to everyone. The breakfast buffet was ok, but way overpriced.
