5	Best hotel on the west side!   The decor in the rooms made me want to copy it in my own house.  Staff was great, food was tasty, and the rooms were beautiful.
5	This was a great HIE to stay in while traveling through Sun City. The night clerk upgraded us to a suite when we signed up for the Preferred Club, and our room on the top floor was very pleasant.Their workout facilities were a little less than stunning (an elliptical and a bike machine), but adequate. You get the breakfast downstairs, and that was nice.
5	Came to Surprise Arizona for an unexpected Funeral. I booked this hotel on Orbitz and the price was excellent for 4 people. The staff was friendly, the hotel was clean and the room was spacious, For one night it was perfect!. I probably won't be back in Surpise anytime soon, but for an over night stay it was perfect.
4	We usually try to stay at Holiday Inn Express when we travel because we know what to expect from them. Generally, they are clean and comfortable. I'm rating this hotel 2 stars because during our travels we were informed that, despite our Gold Member status, there would be no pets allowed, even with a fee. The fact that we could not have a pet with us forced us to stay in a dreadful and uncomfortable hotel. I hold Holiday Inn Express accountable as they did not come through for us at all. Not having ANY pet friendly rooms is just wrong. It is just sad that they are willing to turn away LOYAL Holiday Inn Express customers over 1 dog that is kenneled. Very sad.EDITED to add that on 7/29/12 the manager of the Holiday Inn Express called me and was very apologetic for our experience. Though they do not accept pets due to staffing limitations and cleaning requirements, he felt I should have been told about a hotel in the same parking lot that is brand new and accepts pets. It is his intention to speak with his front desk staff so that future issues like this can be avoided. This phone call is one of the reasons I love Holiday Inn Express. They are exceptionally conscious about the happiness and comfort of their guests. If I go back through Surprise, I'll definitely be giving them a second chance!  I changed my rating to four stars to reflect this manager's willingness to happily and nicely deal with this situation in a timely manner.
4	I've been here a few times. Most recent for a ONS. Thank god Surprise has more than The Windmill down Bell. It's a good hotel. A little pricy, and I'll tell you why.. A- It's spring training central for the 2 teams Surprise hosts. The players stay here during the spring AND summer / fall. There are second string players who stay here to train at the ballpark. How do I know this? I used to be the property manager at Park Place condo's where the line up players stay. Man, those were killer parties!! So ok, it's $$$ because they can be. B- they are not an "by the hour" hotel. So if you are like me and are in the middle of a fling and don't want said guy to know where you live, this is a nice, clean, comfortable bed. With breakfast included on your way out the door. ;) Joking aside, it's a nice newer hotel.
4	My hubs and I traveled to the Phoenix International Raceway for the Fall NASCAR race. Since we had a great experience at another HIE in March, we decided to stay at this location based on a combination of price and location. We arrived there after a long day in the sun and were instantly wowed. The Hotel itself is beautiful. The rooms were just beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. As soon as we stepped in the doors I was sad that I had changed our reservation from two nights to one, thinking we'd prefer to head back home. It felt like a little spa location...The staff went out of their way to cater to our needs. When my hubs had trouble with the FREE WiFi, he was able to speak to someone in tech support who fixed him right up. The bed was clean and super comfortable with several pillows to choose from. We were located at the end of a hallway and had a very restful noise free sleep. The bathroom was very clean and met our needs. The television was a nice large flat screen with many viewing options. Breakfast was provided the following day and was "ok". There were nice cereals, fruits, pastries and juices to choose from which we did. The pancake maker was strange and didn't work exactly right for us and the pancake flavor was no bueno. I had never seen eggs made like they were (can't explain it) but they were actually tasty. Overall the breakfast met our needs to get us going for the day. Checkout was a breeze and we received an accurate receipt with no issues. My one point of concern was that I noticed something weird on my bank statement the following week after our return. Still to this day I don't know what it was, but after it fell off I was fine. My issue is that when I called for help, the front desk folks were unable to do so and suggested that I contact the reservation department I used to make the reservation (the 800 #). I was unable to speak with the hotel manager who was "in a meeting". They told me he wouldn't call me back that day. This irritated me because you are talking about MY money and while I concede that it didn't seem like an error on their part nor could the person find the error...to me customer service dictates you make sure you make it right and immediately when we are talking about money. To make it worse, the manager NEVER called me the next day or ever to follow up with me. I called and straightened everything out with the 800# and the issue was explained and fixed. But I didn't like the way the actual location handled my concerns.All in all, yes I'd stay again!
5	My boyfriend and I had to stay somewhere for one night on really short notice so we decided to go here on a whim, and boy did it work out. We arrived really late, past 12:00 but the front desk worker was ready and willing to help us and answer our questions. We needed plastic silverware for  our take out and she was prepared! Our room was so nice, top notch t.v.s, comfy beds, the heater felt good during the frigid night. The rate was decent to for a last minute stay. And the breakfast was fabulous. It was free to all guests and we took advantage! I would love to stay here again.Oh and free wifi-always a plus.
2	We usually stay at the Hampton Inn on Grand, but we decided to give Holiday Inn a try because they were a little cheaper. Everything was fine until we returned to our room from being out all day, only to find that our room had not been serviced. Strange, because as we left that morning at 10:00 the housekeeping staff were across the way cleaning another room. We said good morning to them. When we called downstairs, they said the housekeeping staff were gone for the day, but they would bring us clean towels. The girl that came with the towels apologized, and told us to call the manager in the morning.We did just that, speaking to Marvin the manager. He asked us if we left the do not disturb sign on the door. No, we did not. He said he would call us back, which he did. He stated he spoke to the housekeeper, and she said that when she knocked on our door that fateful morning, I answered and told her our room did not need service. A total lie. We told him she was lying, and his response was "well, she has been here a long time and I don't think she would lie". So I guess we are the liars, Marvin? He then stated the we should have called the front desk to let them know when we were leaving so our room could be serviced. Huh?We asked for a discount or free night, and he refused. He offered us Holiday Inn frequent traveler points, which are useless to us. He then offered to give us "a great rate next time you stay with us". No, Marvin. We will not be staying at your hotel again. In closing, their shower heads are terrible and I could not get cold water in the bathroom sink, but could in the shower.
1	Very dissapointed with this place... We reserved there banquet room for a baby shower. Contract was signed & banquet room paid for, we sent out our invitations. A week before baby shower they call to notify us that they had double booked there banquet room. They caused alot of  trouble & stress for us. Turns out this not the first time they do this.
5	Awesome place to stay !! Great service close to a bunch of stores great service nice pool an close to destinations
5	To begin with this hotel was great in both price and costumer service.Kaylie, i belive her name was, the receptionist was really nice and very complient with my daughter. she was really helpful and friendly towards my daughter that she took the fear of being alone in her room thanks!for the price i payed $88 dollars at a very late book in, and an early arrival time it was one in a million. other motels ive been on where i book 3 weeks in advance and pay probably double cannot compare to this inn. complimentary breakfast, complimentary toothbrush and toothpaste, clean sheets and a very spacious room and bed cannot be attained at that price... you guys are the best!
3	We have stayed here several times before. We learned a lesson  last time. At this hotel they have a baseball team that occupies the 3rd and 4th floor. There young players like to party. The last time we stayed here was on the floor right underneath them.  A night long the players ran up and down the halls, yelled and just in general they partied all night. Needless to say we never got a moment of sleep. For this visit we requested a room where we would not be effected by their noise. When we went to check in we were told this place could not give us a room far enough away from the players that we would not be effected by their ongoing party. We instead canceled our reservations and went elsewhere. So if you don't mind all night parties and young baseball player keeping you up all night then this is the place for you.
