1	I tried Delia'a for the first time yesterday.   I like their web site, and claims of quality, and pricing.   Unfortunately, they did not live up to their claims and I won't be going back.   I left a man's sport coat for dy cleaning.  The coat had one pocket that had the exterior flap folded over, which occurred from packing in a small travel bag during a trip I was on.   After I got the coat back today, that pocket flap was still creased and folded over.  What does this mean?   Did their plant just carelessly press the flap down and not notice it was folded?    Was it dry cleaned at all, or was it just bagged and sent back to me in the same condition as when I dropped it off?   I don't know.   I did a "sniff" test on the coat and could not detect any body odor, but it had been only very lightly worn.    I also could not smell any hint of dry cleaning fluid odor.   So I don't know if it was cleaned or not?   My feeling at this point is....if I can't trust them to do the job, then it doesn't matter if they are conveniently located and prices are competitive.  My complaint may seem triivial to some reading this, but I have experienced a very  bad cleaner (several times of damaging garments) that I won't take a chance again on a cleaner that (again) doesn't appear to be doing the job.Like most people, I have some clothing that was expensive to acquire (suit, sport coats) and if I can't trust a cleaner, then I have to go somewhere else.
4	Apparently this is the spot to get comforters cleaned!  I just read WW.'s review before writing mine and my story is pretty much the same!  Delia's is speedy, affordable and my comforter looks GREAT!  What else could you want from a dry cleaning business?
2	So I've been taking my clothes to this Delia's for about three years now and have been fairly impressed with their service (obviously, I've been going there for three years). However, something happened recently that may change my mind. I brought my dry cleaning in on Friday, April 12, 2013 and it's always ready the next day after 5:00, which is definitely a plus. So I picked up my clothes on Monday evening after work only to find out they had laundered, not dry cleaned, all of my expensive work shirts. I always leave explicit instructions to NOT launder my shirts as they have strechy material in them and will shrink and fade. Typically they reassure me that they wouldn't ever do that; however, this time they did. I was devastated when I picked them up. I was very poilte. The gentleman apologized and informed me they have several new people working there which may have been why this happened. I left the store with my dry cleaning hoping and praying my shirts were okay. Come to find out the next morning when I put one of them on, they had shrunk. They no longer fit my arms and I look like I'm trying to fit into a child's shirt. I called that day (which wasTuesday), spoke to someone and informed them of what had happened. I was told I would receive a call back in 20 minutes. I did not hear from anyone that day, so I called back the next morning. Again I was told that someone will call me back. It is now Thursday, I have a closet full of shrunken dress shirts and I still have not heard back from anyone.I'm writing this review in hopes of someone at Delia's realizing that you can't just ignore unhappy customers. I will happily return as a customer if they rectify this situation. However, if they do not, I will most definitely bring my business elsewhere since this lack of customer service is unacceptable. I will post again and let whoever is reading this know what happened. Until further notice, I highly recommend to anyone to not bring your clothes here.
2	This place is very reasonably priced and in a convenient location next to Albertsons.Unfortunately, the tend to break all the buttons on your clothes and clothes typically come back creased since the don't dry clean in house. Your clothes have to survive the trip from the cleaning plant and during the move they don't stay pressed.However, they do offer same day service which is quite helpful
2	Good service, but pricey, just payed $25.00 for 5 golf shirts...just seems a  bit on the high side
