4	Sure there's lots of cheese places in Wisconsin and you can't miss on many of them. This one goes out of its way to get noticed. As you head west on I90/94 past Madison, near DeForest, you see a tall sign that reads "CHEESE" and a mouse dressed in Oktoberfest attire climbing up the sign. This mouse was our reason to check it out. According to their postcard, the mouse is 14 feet tall. Now that's a big rodent!Anyway, the shop has a wide selection of cheeses, cheese curds, and meats that complement the cheese. There's also some jams, honeys, and crafted items for sale. The bathroom is clean and the staff is helpful. Clearly, their business thrives on passing tourists like us who come for the mouse and bite on the cheese later.
3	Stopped here because of the gigant cow statue named Sissy.  We wanted to get a picture of the minor pretending to milk the gigantic udders!  When we wondered inside we found lots and lots samples and we had to drag minor away from the cranberry salsa dip.  Lots of toys, souvenirs, snacks, candies, and of course cheese.  It's a fun thing to go do when you're in the area and totally bored.
3	On a recent road trip to Minnesota, we drove through a lot of Wisconsin and knew we couldn't go home without stopping and buying cheese at least once. Well our cheese stop happened to be at the Cheese Chalet-the huge CHEESE sign with a climbing mouse dressed in lederhosen and a giant cow helped out our decision. They have the usual "cheese shop" stuff.....cheeses, sausages, mustards, jams, honeys, and the like as well as some Chalet merch. The prices seemed reasonable. The only thing that pissed me off is they have a 1/2lb minimum on all their items. With just my husband and I-we would have much preferred 1/4 lbs (and likely bought more). We tried the buffalo Monterrey jack and it was disappointing. The garlic Monterrey jack was only made with garlic powder, so we passed on that. But we also tried the apple cinnamon Monterrey jack and it was surprisingly delicious (we just didn't want a 1/2 lb of it!) I was impressed with their selection of cheddars and we ended up buying a 3 yr old white cheddar and a garlic summer sausage that  were both good.I doubt I'll be back since I didn't fall in love with it as I have the Mars Cheese Castle-and I'm rarely up that way, but if you want a fun place to rest your legs while on a road trip hit up the Chalet!
5	I never pass up a chance to pop in and taste some fabulous cheese. Friendly, courteous and down right personable employees make this place great. Cheese, wine, meat and chocolate what isn't there to love?
4	I remember the day I started liking blue cheese.  it was a long time ago, but it was definitely after I moved to Chicago--I think Bekki was living with me by that point too, so it must have been late 2002 or early 2003.  I went out to dinner with my sister, grandma, and a few family friends at a now-defunct restaurant in Skokie called The Studio.  (it was a really cool place, I don't know why it closed)  Mimi (my grandma) ordered a Roquefort salad and everyone around the table was talking about how gross that is and "it tastes like feet" and whatever.  and I asked her for a bite.  I'd tried it before but gave it one more shot.  it was still a little gross but something about the flavor really stuck with me.  I started thinking about it a lot (because that's just something weird I do when it comes to food) and one day bit the bullet and bought a hunk of blue cheese.  I probably ate the entire thing in 2 days.  it was GLORIOUS!  and now it's one of my favorite things ever.That said, the Wisconsin Blue that I got from Ehlenbach's is the best tasting, creamiest, most delicious blue cheese I've ever had.  (Although I make it my life's work to find something even better--someone send me some cheese!!)  It was also one of the least expensive giant chunks of cheese I've ever purchased.  This establishment has a wonderful selection of cheeses and snacks, and sells a few different types of door county wine as well.  Be sure to grab a frisbee with Sissy the Cow on it!
5	They have fantastic cheese. Some of my favorites are their mix of cheddar & bleu, Habanjero Havarti, horseradish havarti, and a basil one that I forget. Love it!  Don't forget to have your picture with Sissy the Cow.
3	We were leaving the Dells and I was on a mission to find cheese curds before we got back to Chicago.  We saw the sign for the Cheese Chalet on the expressway and my dude pulled over.  I was disappointed they didn't have dill cheese curds but I guess you can't win them all.  I grabbed a bag of garlic and herb curds and brought them out to my family in the car.  After everyone had a bite, my dude ran in to get another bag!  The girls behind the counter were friendly and the store is neat as a pin.  There's not much around the place so it's something you just make a stop at but it's a cute place to check out!
4	If I'm driving through DeForest you can be sure to find me at Ehlenbach's! Sure it is a touristy cheese castle and you can probably get great cheese curds at a local grocery store in Anytown, Wisconsin, but I'm not from these parts and I love the cheese! I love their garlic and herb, cheddar, and marbled curds. Whenever I'm running low on cheese merchandise like hats made of cheese, cheese magnets, cheese souvenirs I know where I can stock up! They ship to anywhere in the country. They have a very photogenic store front too! After a long day of waterslides at Wisconsin Dells, make the drive back to Milwaukee a little better by stopping at Ehlenbach's Cheese Chalet!
5	Today I woke up and thought to myself.... I want to go to a cheese place!  I was in the Dells and I knew there would be plenty of cheese stores off the highway on my way home and I just felt like after 31 years of livin' in Wisconsin, well I need to hit a good cheese store!The Cheese Chalet was everything I thought it would be and more!  First of all, you get 2 great roadside attractions when you pull up.  A giant mouse chasing a cheese sign and a giant cow- 2 more reasons I love Wisconsin!   This place was for sure a Chalet- there was so much cheese to choose from I needed to stop and take a deep breathe before starting my search for the perfect cheese.  They also have a great selection of Wisconsin flair, I was more then tempted to spend all my money on Wisconsin magnets, cheese keychains and bumper sticks proclaiming my love for this great state.  I ended up leaving with a bag full of cheese and sausage, mission accomplished!  Thank you Ehlenbach's Cheese Chalet, today you made my dreams come true
4	Nice variety, selection goes well beyond cheese. They don't have the freshest cheese curds but they're good enough. What's blowing me away is this jar of pickles we got there in mid-January that is still good end of May. And there aren't preservatives listed as an ingredient. I think they pickle well at Ehlenbach's.
3	I was up in the area a couple of months ago and made my first stop into Ehlenbach's.  It's a neat place for tourists, but as a Wisconsinite I was somewhat disappointed that they buy cheese and slap their name on it instead of selling and promoting local Wisconsin cheesemakers.  The artisan cheese movement has been gaining momentum for the last 5-10 years and there are so many great local cheesemakers making out of this world small batch cheeses.  It would be great to see Ehlenbach's promoting these cheeses/cheesemakers instead of sourcing theirs from big manufacturers.  As it is right now, buying their cheese is pretty much the same as buying mass produced cheese at the grocery store.
4	Cheese = AmazingCheese curds = amazing x2The hidden gem of this place, however is the red velvet fudge.  Snatch some up immediately.Service was also very helpful.  Summing it up:  stop here if you can.
5	This place is awesome. I love cheese. So many different cheese. They let you try the cheese before you buy it. Awesomeness
2	Nothing unique about this place. The staff weren't exactly offering to help us, so we didn't try any cheeses, therefore we didn't purchase any. I saw a lot of large retailer brands and not so much on small, locally produced cheese. Prices were also quite high. You could get the same cheese from a grocery store. The big cow outside made for a few good photo ops and if you go down the street, there's a big pink elephant to laugh at. Otherwise, I suggest finding a small creamery making their own cheeses and spending your money there.
4	There is a cow outside and her name is Sissy...and they have cheese.  How could you not want to stop? Well, I have...3 times so far.  Each time I browse and take about an hour trying to decide on what kinds of goodies I get this time. Their selection is absurd! I almost had to laugh how much cheese can occupy one place.  But the nice thing is that it is not only cheese.  They have cured bacon.  Cheese and bacon in one place.  Oh, and Door County wines.  Yeah.  This is right off the freeway and conveniently located when I am on my way from work which is dangerous.  Yup, service is ok.  They let you try the cheeses before you purchase and they ship.  You can't go wrong.
4	A must stop for our family on the way to Mpls to visit family. We like the spreads, smoked string cheese, fudge, and curds. We usually pick up a variety and end up stopping on the way home to IL for a snack too.
