5	After going to a few bridal boutiques in the area, with no luck and unappealing service, I came across a couple beautiful, reasonably priced bridal gowns online at Group USA. I had never heard of the company before and discovered that there was a store in the Charlotte area. With skepticism and worry, from my first few bridal boutique experiences, I was feeling uneasy and preparing myself for the worst, yet again. But this wasn't the case. I was greeted by an extremely friendly front desk clerk who introduced me to a cheerful and helpful bridal associate who had the dresses pulled for me that I called about the evening before. She was prepared and eager to help me find what I was looking for; bringing me different sizes and offering me advice. I felt that the dresses were made very well and that the fabric and material was better than any I have seen. The price of the dress that I chose was a lot cheaper than any other dress I had tried on...almost half the price. I had a wonderful experience at Group USA in Concord NC, and would reccommend it to anyone who is looking for a beautiful dress, inexpensive price, and friendly service.
3	I bought a dress to wear to an opera last year from here. Someone was there to assist me at that time with trying on, getting other sizes, etc. I was in there yesterday and it was a totally different story. The ladies there seemed to know very little about what was in stock and how to help the customer when they were actually around. They had a lot of nice dresses. Had someone been available to help me with finding sizes and dresses I probably would have purchased something.
4	I bought my wedding dress from here after looking at dresses all over Charlotte.  I didn't want to spend a ton and realized this store was closer to my budget, still with quality.  I got very lucky and found my dress in the Sale area- with an extra 50% off!  They didn't have my size but called other stores and got me two sizes, just in case with 50% deposit.  They came in within 2 weeks.  I purchased for only $150!  I do need alterations, but it's full lace.  Such a bargain!  You don't get a bridal salon experience, but it was all worth it for me.
1	Cannot believe how unhelpful and extremely rude the ladies were to me and other women here. They treat you like you're scum until you go to buy an expensive dress. Would never recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice dress shopping experience.
