4	I have never had a bad meal here. They are always on point and friendly. The food is fresh, hot and good. They make the food as your request and do not cheap out on the quantity.
5	OK, I admit it. I'm a big ol' bacon cheeseburger whore. I'll eat a bacon cheeseburger anytime, morning noon or night but my favorite time is breakfast.I hereby dub the Del Taco Bacon Double Del the "Prince of Bacon Cheeseburgers". Why, you ask? Well when I was but a slip of a lad my parents took me to Bob's Big Boy for my first restaurant hamburger. Not a McDonalds 15 cent hockey puck from a paper bag, mind you, but a for real, sit in the booth and behave yourself until your food comes, my God look at the size of that thing bacon cheeseburger. I'm not sure, but I have always believed Bob's Big Boy invented the double-decker.Del Taco has recreated this culinary giant, from the two patties dripping with melted cheese to the shredded lettluce and ripe tomato kissed with raw diced white onion and blessed with thousand island dressing. So when's my favorite time to bite into a Del Taco Bacon Double Del? Right after I have swallowed the final bite of my first one. Yum!
4	Del Taco...just amazing!  To get 39 cent tacos anytime I want makes me feel a significant inner joy which is hard to put into words.  I would give it five stars if it wasn't for the irritation it will likely cause my bowels later.
2	Ok, when I feel like having fast food and maybe include a fish taco or something, this is a place that comes to mind. I've made the drive here many times but honestly, their service is horrible lately. You can be the only one in line and they'll forget numerous items! It's gotten so bad that I've actually made an effort to contact corporate about it and have received no response. Seems like it's not a big deal but in the past 6-8 months I've given them many chances and have been disappointed 8 times out of 10. We'll see if they make any changes...as for now, it's true mexican food at one of the 'berto's for me...
3	I like it. Prefer to Taco Bell because DT has better hot sauce, IMO. They are usually great at the drive-thru here, but last night we sprang for the higher-priced tacos to get the sour cream and tomatoes. TOMATOES? CHECK. SOUR CREAM? NOPE. Obviously not worth a drive back for twelve cents of product, but easy enough to Yelp about the experience. Love the jalapeno rings. Hot, not like most of the jalapeno popper-type items at most place.
2	Another trip that didn't go right at the drive-thru. Between bad audio adjustment on the speaker and the fact that the person operating the drive-thru obviously didn't speak English as a first language led to a wrong order. They were also out of Jalapeno Rings - how does that happen? Management might want to step up there game at this location.
4	How can you criticize a place that dishes out 39 cent tacos? They're pretty good, and if you add some jalapenos it makes a solid, fiery meal for way under 5 bucks. The people always are friendly and pretty quick.
1	This Del Taco is an absolute wreck! I understand that I am getting what I pay for and considering their tacos are under 50 cents each I am not complaining about the food. The staff on the other hand is a different story. It does not matter whether one works at Del Taco or Boeing....customer service is very important.Every time I visit this Del Taco it never fails that these people always get my order wrong or do not give me what I asked for. I visited them yesterday for a quick dinner as it had been a long day and they are always fast in the drive-thru. My order was completely wrong and when I specifically asked for a certain sauce three times the manager failed to give it to me. No one ever speaks English and I struggle to understand what they are saying.When I did call to complain about the service the manager accused me of not telling the truth which in turn I became livid with her. I drove back up there and showed her what she did wrong and she still had an attitude about fixing it! I will never go to this Del Taco again and I advise that if one seeks good customer service they avoid this place also. I will drive to the one on Tatum and Bell if I feel the need for some Del Taco!!
2	Apparently they have now discontinued the jalapeno rings and now have jalapeno poppers - which are not stuffed peppers. They are cheddar-cheesy stuffing with chopped up peppers in them. Not bad...but not the rings. Bring back the rings!But they still have Inferno sauce...and the occasional shrimp tacos are good.
2	I've never gotten food poisoning here. I have gotten screwed up orders alot. It would be nice to deal with more Americans though. All in all it's an average Del Taco.
1	This is by far the worst Del taco on the planet. Order will be wrong about 90% of the time. They have a new clueless person every time I go back. Heed my warning and go anywhere else.
2	Food is good I prefer Taco Bell, the meal deal is only $5 good price. Not what would call fast food since we waited in the drive thru for 10 mins more then once and last time the order was forgotten. Oh if you dine in make sure you ask for the sauce when you get your food if you can otherwise good luck catching someone later.
4	This would have been 5 stars but the bathrooms come on!  But there is a young Hispanic kid(not being discrimitory I forgot his name). He mainly works the drive thru he is amazing always remembers my order knows what car I'm driving in and knows I like a lot of sauce!  I will add his name when I ask him but day time drive through that kid rocks!!! Thank you for hiring him!!!!
3	Service was good. Order was repeated back. Drive thru line moved quickly.Food just okay, but about what I would expect from a fast food place. Fish taco was small. Fish was greasy. Nachos were good size and filling.
1	I came in here recently and my order taker made me wait so he could complete a phone call. Then after his call he didn't change his gloves. The thing that makes me the most mad is my review of my poor customer service was flagged and deleted. this place is garbage.
