4	Not being an expert on massages, I just wanted a niece relaxing body massage that fit into my schedule and was clean, professional, and had a licensed therapist. Massage Haven fit the bill. Not only where they able to get me in the same day, the whole experience from making the initial phone call to final payment was flawless. When you walk in, you enter a quiet, relaxing environment that takes you away from the busy outside world. My therapist was very good and I felt totally at ease and wouldn't hesitate to request for her again. I'll be coming back next time I'm in town.
4	I have mixed feelings about this business model but overall I like it.  They have good staff that do a good job, and the prices are much better than every other place I've been to in the area (because I buy a package).  The facility is immaculate, inviting, relaxing, and parking is generous.They've had to have one of those signs to educate consumers about customary tipping, and I can see why - because their massages are so affordable (if people are going off a %, then it's not as much of a tip).  I'm worried this place will do for massages what supercuts did for haircuts.  Yeah the lower prices are nice at first, but longterm I fear what will happen to the industry.
5	All through November...$25 1 hour massages
4	This place really surprised me. So peaceful and relaxing inside, the private rooms were excellent, the beds even have a heater if you want that option, and my masseuse was great. Seriously, Im surprised it can be this good for so little cost. Will definitely be coming back.The two downsides to my experience were 1) i waited half an hour for my 6oclock appointment, and 2) I was quoted $25 per person over the phone since we had a large party, but when we went to pay, they charged $30 per person. Just a little irksome.
3	I'm only giving this place 3 stars and here is why.  When a therapist asks you about the pressure they are using and you tell them it's too hard and to please soften up, they need to do it and not continue on like they are massaging a tree trunk.  I asked my therapist to not use so much pressure 4 times and would not ease up.   Their prices are fine, the atmosphere is like that of any other decent massage place..........
5	first thing that came to mind when I heard this place offered massages for $25 I thought it would be a sketchy place. I made an appointment anyway and to my surprise I was completely wrong! As soon as you walk in you are able to relax. Front desk was very friendly. Within a few minuets nicole came up to me and introduced herself. She was very friendly and listened to what I needed done! She did such a good job! I was very tense when i got there, and my lower back was in alot of pain, once we wwere done I felt AMAZING!
4	My friend recommended that I give Massage Haven a try and was I glad I did.  The first time I went I was luckily scheduled with Danielle who not only helped relieve some lower back pain but was able to tell I was having headaches, even tough i did not mention it, and she took care of that too!I went back a second time a few months later when the headaches started again and she took care of them again.Really clean, very relaxing, GREAT deal!
3	This was more of a "meh" place but the atmosphere was soothing and it was about right for the price. I bought a groupon and I kind of felt like I was treated as a "discount" customer. The receptionists (very young set of girls on their cell phones) were sweet but had made an extra effort to tell the therapist that I was a "groupon customer". I'm not sure why the distinction was needed...The therapist wasn't personable and when we walked into the 8 foot by 8 foot room, he said "OK, face down, I'll be back in a minute". There was no real... introduction...? The massage itself wasn't bad but it has been the worst I've had. The ambiance was nice until I realized I had the room right next to the front door and could hear outside conversations! That combined with the "MINIMUM GRATUITY" sign at checkout... it came off as a little... poor mannered. I'd consider going back for an inexpensive massage but for a legitimate pamper-me day? No, thank you.
5	I want one in Charlotte, NC. I was on my last day in Phoenix before heading back to the east coast. Knowing that I had a full day of travel ahead of me and a kinked neck due to not sleeping in my bed, I had to find some relief somewhere. This location is just north of Union Hills on 83rd Ave. It's a short turn off Loop 101. While the exterior is a basic strip shopping area, the interior is welcoming. They have plenty of massage therapists and rooms. It's gets packed, but it's because they offer great deals. They were running a happy hour special Monday through Thursday for $35 for an hour massage. Yes, please! They make self-care affordable and something you can do for yourself on a regular basis. I give it 5 stars because it's affordable and the therapist I had was excellent. She also gave me tips on how to keep my muscles from tightening up too much. While it's not the posh experience you'd find at the Biltmore or some 5-star boutique hotel, it's a place accessible to most everyone. Pamper yourself regularly.
5	Always great service and price is perfect. Very easy to schedule an appointment.
5	I love this place ! 2nd time here and they haven't failed .Professional , clean and affordable.what I like about this place is that they know what they are doing and they are not chatty!Yes don't you hate it when you are there to relax but they just want to get personal! Highly recommend this place !
4	Just want to say that this place is great. people are very professional they know what you need and they keep conversation to minimum so you can enjoy your massage not like other places they want to know all about you .+
5	I love this place. I'm a monthly member and go every month. All staff members that I've had a message by for the past year have been great, I've never felt uncomfortable at any moment and the $35 a month is great compared to other massage places in the area. Any problems I've had have been fixed within 24 hours and the staff have always followed up with me.
5	I can't believe I had not rated this place yet.  It is by far my favorite place to get massages in the valley.  Every experience has been amazing.  The atmosphere is very soothing, the price is good, and every massage has been outstanding.I went there this past week for a pre-natal massage, which I had gotten once before from another company and found very uncomfortable, but I found this experience to be so relaxing, soothing, and invigorating.  Kudos to Cecelia for a terrific job!Can't wait to go back!
5	Consistently great massages at a great price. The membership is the way to go if you like to get at least one massage a month (who doesn't?)  and the add-ons are very reasonable.
5	Try this place!I thought it was important for you to knowthat I got to experience a therapeutic massage with Eddie today.He was so good! He was kind, checked the pressure levels often and was able to accommodate my special needs after my surgery.That was my 3rd and best massage I've ever had at Massage Haven. Always clean with a true spa feel, relaxing music and friendly staff.I recommend the $35 a month membership. It's really just a credit for a massage next month. That gets you a full hour by the way.Keep up the good work!
4	This is the best massage I've ever had for the value.I've been here twice, The atmosphere is relaxing in a typical way. I had a little difficulty getting the reception desk to add me to my mother's account, but the more knowledgeable receptionist corrected the other one and I was able to begin my appointment on-time. Oh yeah--they have family accounts, so the charge is still $35/month, but that covers 2 people.My massages have been with Sara. I've been having back problems from an old injury, and I felt great afterward. I was so relaxed that I fell asleep for about 10-15 minutes of my 90 minute appointment. I also get super stressed out, and she knows how to subdue the rows of knots under my scalpulae--a little uncomfortable, but totally worth it.I don't know much about the other LMTs but Sara was great! I'll be back.
3	I have been using Massage Haven for over a year; I've been more than satisfied with the massage experience there; however, recently I had a very unpleasant experience. The massage therapist was very unprofessional. She chatted about herself and her family the entire hour--I did not ask for this information, she just kept talking and talking! She had the sniffles and managed to cough on me at least 5 times--she even burped up lunch in my face! To top it off, her technique was very poor. I kept my disappointments to myself upon leaving and paying, as there were other customers there and I didn't want to publicly air my grievances. Instead, I called the receptionist 5 minutes later to let her know what happened. She was very kind, stating she would let her manager/owner know what happened and I would be receiving a call. I never did receive a call from the manager, as promised. I'm sure the massage therapist is a very nice person, just trying to make a living, but was hoping I could have discussed it with the manager so they could do a little coaching and get her on track. Needless to say, I'm disappointed, as a loyal customer.
5	When you think massage you think "relaxing" right?! My massage today with Deanna was not as relaxing as you would think, but it was by far one of the best massages I have ever received!!! It wasn't as relaxing because apparently I have a lot of tension that I never knew I had but she did such a great job. I'm sure I will be feeling it tomorrow. She gave me some pointers to help relieve my tension but I think I'll just rather come back and see her! :) Affordable prices, (especially if you are a member), and great service. Also, sign up for their emails! They don't send out a ton of emails that over whelm you, but every now and then they do send you something good! ;)
5	I recently had a massage by Jessica. It was fantastic! I have some issues with my neck/tension headaches/TMJ...I explained to her what was going on, and she was more than helpful. Not only did my headache go away, but she also was able to give me some pointers on how to keep my TMJ issues from causing headaches. It has been 2-3 weeks since that visit, and I am headache free (this is a new record for me!). Jessica was professional, attentive, and very helpful. I give her an A++!!
2	I'll start with the good. The facilities were clean and it's very easy to book an appointment. They're very accommodating and you can't beat the prices. However, it was the worst massage I've ever had. My massage therapist seemed to think that pain was necessary for a good massage despite repeated requests for less pressure. She also talked the entire time, mostly about how little money she makes and how hard it is to support her family at Christmas even with the government assistance she receives. That's just not professional and not relaxing. Not that I could relax when she was causing so much pain. She would also work one side of my body using one technique and use a completely different technique on the other side leaving me feeling very unbalanced. She was very nice but I wouldn't recommend this place for a massage. Go to Athena Salon and Spa instead if it's in your price range.
