5	I've been taking my babies (boxers) to K-9 Kountry since January and they absolutely enjoy it! I love it! Andrea and George love and care for them as if they were their own. I wouldn't take them anywhere else. Thank you K-9 Kountry for going above and beyond...Providing a great service for our furry paw babies!
5	I was so worried about leaving my doggies for a week while I went on vacation. I'm so glad I found K-9 Kountry!  Andrea and George made me feel 100% better!  You can tell that they do this because they love dogs not just for a paycheck.  I felt like I was leaving my dogs with friends who would love them and care for them like I would and that is the best feeling.  I still missed them like crazy but I got daily updates and pictures so I knew they were having too much fun to miss me at all.  When I picked them up they were calm and happy and not a bit stressed.  Thank you K-9 Kountry!
5	My pup is like my kid, and I only want the best for my pup, so making the switch from another day care in town to K9 Kountry was a no brainer. Firstly, the owners are very personable. They want to get to know each dog, and their owners to ensure everyone is happy. The facility is set up to feel like a home away from home, so my pup gets to run around like she does at home. I love that its never overcrowded so my pup gets plenty of exercise. Lastly, she is loved and treated like family by Andrea and George, which for me goes a long way. When I drop off my "Abby" its an excitement she can barely contain, and that make me feel good about taking her every time. Hands down best daycare/boarding facility in town.
5	K-9 Kountry is MORE than we could have hoped for.  Our two Australian shepherds were anti-social with other dogs and people and it was causing a lot of embarrassing and sometimes even scary issues.  We found K-9 Kountry and everything George told us about rehabbing our dogs made us excited and relieved.  We now have two socialized, well behaved dogs thanks to K-9 Kountry!  George is in the process of retraining my husband and I too so that we can successfully lead our dogs as pack leaders.
5	Honestly, people aren't lying about George and Andrea. I've left my dog with them on two separate occasions (one time for 2 weeks), and my dog had a BLAST! Yes, it is a bit pricier than other dog boarding places, but as they stated, there aren't kennels or cages, so you don't need to worry about your dog rolling around in his/her own filth. Everyone there is kind and attentive to the dogs, and they even make them homemade dog treats. My favorite thing about them is that they consistently sent me photos of my beloved dog during my time away. Unfortunately I've moved away from the area since then, but anyone that visits the area would be more than pleased with K-9 Kountry!
5	I take my furball here usually a few times a week. He LOVES it here. It is a bit pricier than a lot of places, but you get what you pay for.
5	We hit the jackpot in Las Vegas and it wasn't in the casinos. It was K-9 Kountry. We took Buddy our Husky with us on a road trip to Vegas. Wow, if you need a place for your dog to stay and be well cared for, then this is the place!  I was thinking of Buddy while donating to the casinos and out of the blue we get a text picture of Buddy playing and having fun. Later on that evening, they sent us a text video of buddy playing with the other dogs. This was his first sleep over away from us (Ha).  Buddy was able to socialize with other dogs and was given gourmet, natural treats. The owners Andreea and George, along with their workers deserve 10 bones! And then some! It is a loving place to take your dog. They are very experienced and knowledgeable in dealing with dogs, and their parents. They have about two acres and only take 25 dogs at a time. I told Linda put a collar around my neck and drop me off with him. They are located about a half mile off the strip and about 10 minutes from the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. They are great people, great place, and great location. We will be using them again. Buddy had a blast. Tom, Linda, and Buddy
5	Winner! Winner! Chicken dinnee! Shamu and Dontae were SO SPOILED while we were in Vegas. Found the PERFECT place for them. K-9 Kountry Klub is right off the fwy as you approach the strip.   A few acres, a home dedicated 100% to the pooches and a couple passionate about furry ones allowed our babies to swim in the new "Pebbles Beach" pool, run in water hoses/sprinklers, watch the "Dog TV" channel, chill on the couch, and enjoy a birthday bash complete with icecream, cupcakes and margaritas. Angela even cooks  special healthy  treats to mix into their meals daily.  Feeling very blessed to find this place.  They were even very accommodating with our late check in. Looking for a guaranteed jackpot?   Shamu and Dontae give it 5's!
5	Where to startTo say we were apprehensive about leaving the love of our life with complete strangers is a understatement.The only reason I budged was because my partner and  I read (all) the reviews and were surprisingly  impressed.We almost gave up looking until I found K-9 Kountry We are Californians and visit Las Vegas about 4 times a year. This year being the first with our 4legged child. When we arrived with a large groupWe were welcomed, Andrea showed us the happy facility and explained everything that would occur in our child's stay.I walked away feeling 65% percent sure I was making a good choice.When I picked up my baby the following afternoon I was 100% sureWe had made the right choice.Not only did she ease our minds by sending us photos of our lil love at play but also when he slept next to her.I feel as though my lil guy had his own lil vacation and a great one at that.He made lots of friends and was as happy as could be.With out a shred of doubt our baby will be returning to this Doggie sanctuary for years to come.Thank you ever so much.                           Charlie & Danny
5	All of my boxers love coming here .  It is there second home. I feel safe leaving my fur babies with them . I know they are safe and spoiled rotten just like I do .  My girls love to swim at the new pebble beach . They also help out with the boxer rescue I run with finding a home for some in need and also being foster parents . Cant ask for anything better . If I could i would give them 20 stars
5	K9 kountry is the best place to leave your fur babies when they can't go with you. George makes the dogs king of his castle. My 2 year old shepherd was skittish and terrified of strangers. But the second she met George she trust him and do we. Right there was proof enough there was something special about him that allowed her to let her guard down.
5	My Milo Dog goes here for a weekly daycare visit and also stays here when I go out of town. The indoor and outdoor spaces (including obstacle courses and a pool) are very clean, spacious and always well monitored by plenty of staff. The owners are amazing: Andrea and George are both very caring and in control. George reminds me of a Cesar Milan. They often send me texts with pictures of my boy, and make sure he isn't getting over-tired (he is 11 after all!) and allow him on the couch to rest. They do not use any cages, but do have separate rooms. They throw birthday parties for members, and there are price breaks for booking a package. They offer grooming and baths too. They even make their own organic treats! It is really convenient, right off Blue Diamond just north of Las Vegas Blvd. They limit the quantity of dogs. They do get booked up during holidays, so make sure to reserve early. I am so happy to have found K-9 Kountry, a true country club for my big hairy baby.
5	We drive 45 minutes to bring our dog to K9 Kountry!!  She is a dog that loves  attention and she gets plenty of it here. She is excited to get out of the car and play  with the other dogs but she also enjoys the love from George, Andrea, Chloe  and the rest of the staff. I wouldn't take her anywhere else!!!!!!!
5	Andrea and George are the bomb!  Used them for both boarding and day care and felt very comfortable leaving our (2) dogs in their facility.  George also helped socialize our Doberman and made him comfortable with other dogs during their visits.  We drove 30+ minutes one way to visit these guys primarily because they are one of the few kennel/cage free facilities in Vegas but grew to trust them completely with our babies. Our dogs could not wait to go to K9 and it became a home away from home for them.Thanks George and Andrea for taking such good care of our pups! Best of luck with expansion plans. Highly recommended!Todd & Sandra
