4	I don't know what "WooHoo! as Good as it Gets" is in the Sports Medicine field is and I'm not eager to find out.  I am definitely a fan here.  A friend of mine has had multiple surgeries among several valley hospitals and comes here for chronic pain treatment.  He says Desert Spine and Sports provide the most effective pain reduction treatment he's experienced.  When I brought him to an appointment, I noticed the many "Best of Phoenix" awards on the walls.  That carries a lot of weight with me because every time I find myself visiting a physician rated "Best of Phoenix" my health improves dramatically.  I ginked out a knee some years ago and just "walked it out."  When that knee pains me, it keeps me off mountains and trails.  I got my knee checked by Dr. Brad Sorosky for an evaluation and guidance.  He is a walking example of physical fitness.  The knee is OK, and I was referred to the least invasive, most useful treatment in this case, physical therapy.    Brought my wife in for her painful sports-related knee pain.  The last doctor she visited for this issue told her she had a bone spur and needed to do a lot of bike riding to wear it down.  Dr. Susan Sorosky evaluated her, finding no bone spur and suggested three level of treatment.   Physical therapy, injection of synovial fluid substitute, or knee replacement.
5	Outstanding in every way! At the front desk I was greeted with "welcome" - what a nice surprise. The office staff is friendly and efficient. Most importantly, Dr. Sorosky was thorough, attentive and personable. His state of the art equipment allowed him to fax a prescription to Walgreens while I was still in his treatment room. When checking out, I was given a "summary of today's visit" - a great information sheet detailing all current meds, recommended tests, and time of next visit.I highly recommend Dr. Sorosky.
5	I searched and searched for a doctor who could take care of my back WITHOUT having to fuse my discs. My PCP recommended Dr. Susan Sorosky and I have never looked back. She has been one of the best doctors I have seen regarding my back issues. She really listens to what I have to say and presents alternatives to fusing my discs. She was also the first surgeon to tell me that she would not fuse my discs because I'm still young. I have seen five other surgeons ready to cut me open and go to work. We decided on RFAs and that has been a godsend! Dr. Sorosky and her staff are incredible and I cannot thank them enough for all that they have done for me! I would recommend them to anyone!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Brad Sorosky for several years.  I am not exaggerating by stating that he and his practice have allowed me to return to a level of fitness and health that I was told I would never again achieve.  When I initially went to Dr. Brad, I found him to be a partner in my recovery.  He always listened to my concerns, gave me several options to address issues and always made me feel like I was of utmost importance whenever I was in his office.  I also have seen Dr. Susan Sorosky and can't say enough about her talent in quickly identifying the root cause of an issue.  I went to three doctors who were uncertain of diagnosis and at my first visit, she identified the cause which was later confirmed by MRI.   Additionally both doctors and their office have actively fought to ensure I received insurance approval for appropriate diagnostic testing and treatment.   And Kristy at the East Valley office has always been incredibly kind when I have had a bad flare up and called when in pain.  The epidural injections have been a lifesaver for me.   I have referred numerous friends and family members and they have all thanked me for the referral. Hands down the best physicians and office in their field.
