4	Walgreen's has pretty much become the king of the drug store industry in the last few years. And when you pay them a visit, it isn't hard to see at all why. It's literally a one-stop shop for just about all of your needs.This particular Walgreen's is the closest one to the house, and is located conveniently at the Boulder and Horizon/Racetrack intersection. It is right across the street from a K-Mart, and is far more convenient and useful, if you ask this reviewer.Walgreen's has a little bit of everything - groceries, candy, as-seen-on-TV products, beauty supplies, and a full-service pharmacy. Additionally, the place has several budget movies and gift cards for a wide variety of other retailers.The sheer variety of things offered here makes them an ideal one-stop shop for various needs you may have. This store even has a Redbox location right out front (though that is becoming increasingly more common with a number of businesses.)If you're into candy, pay this place a visit the day after a holiday (Christmas, Valentine's, Easter, etc.) They put all their candy from said holiday on clearance, and you can score some great deals.Quite honestly, I have no major complaints about this place, but there isn't quite anything that makes it overly stand out, either. Service is always good, but again, I haven't quite had the true five-star experience in here either. There are Walgreen's stores everywhere these days, so regardless of where in town you are, there is bound to be one near you. I have never gone into one and been overly disappointed in any way. This place got to be the premier drug store in America for a reason, and it shows with each visit. Any Walgreen's store in this town comes highly recommended.
4	I love drive-thrus. I love when I can run an errand in my pajamas or in my sweaty gym clothes, and not be worried someone I know will spot me.I used this Walgreen Drug Store to get all of my prescriptions filled. It's near my house, accepted my health insurance and has a drive-thru, which is all I really require from a pharmacy. If I had reviewed this pharmacy a month ago, I would have rated it 3 stars. However this week an employee went above and beyond so I am bumping them up a star... It was about 6 pm on a Monday and I had just left the gym, and needed to pick up a prescription. It wasn't until I was already trapped between two cars in line that I remembered I needed to purchase something for my husband. I woefully realized that after I got my prescription I'd have to go in the store, sweaty clothes and all. :(I decided to ask Micah, the drive-thru pharmacy employee working at the time, if they even had what I needed in stock (Ultra strength Tiger Balm, my husband uses a ton of the stuff for sore, aching muscles). Sure enough they had it AND Micah was nice enough to go get it off the shelf for me and ring me up while I was still in my car.I don't know if this is standard operating procedure for Walgreen employees or not, I have purchased items at the pharmacy check out line before but only when inside the store. Micah made my evening by ensuring I didn't have to go inside though, so for that I bump Walgreens up to 4 stars!
4	Maria the cashier always makes me smile :) she's polite and friendly and I look forward to seeing her smiling face :)
4	This is your classic 4 Star Walgreens. Need Children's Nyquil at 9 pm and don't want to drive to WalMart? Need a RedBox location? Need a last minute anniversary card to cover for the fact you forgot to get one? This location like so many others will save your rear end. If you need 24 hour access you gotta drive to Boulder Highway and Lake Mead Pkwy but for the rest of the time this is not a bad location to visit. Also the pharmacists are great here for helping you sort through the wide range of over the counter med options and for determining if it's suitable for a 2 year old...or not.
1	stood at the counter for about 7 minutes. cashier was busy with someone else, had many items in my arms so I put them on the counter. A woman wearing a red t shirt comes up looks past me and says she'll help the next person standing in line. Completely ignores me standing there looking at her. Now I shop this store every two weeks and I'm usually a happy customer, but this woman made me so mad I left the place and spent my money at k-mart. Screw that!!!
5	My son dropped a check from his wallet while at Walgreens. Later that day a lady from Walgreens was at our door to return it to us. Katherine told us a customer found it on the floor and gave it to her. Talk about service.
4	Love this store and have been shopping here for years! Great deals however I miss the makeup price reductions. Too expensive to purchase makeup here.
1	I just got to the hospital and wanted to fill my pain prescription, over 2 hours before they could complete the prescription... I asked them if they fill pain prescriptions before allergy prescriptions. The pharmacy manager stated "yes but she had 30 other pain prescriptions in front of her"... I found that extremely hard to believe. I took my prescription to Savon, less than a quarter-mile away. They had me in and out in less than 20 minutes... Don't use this this Walgreens pharmacy I'm pretty sure they're liars and have no customer service!!!
