4	VERY nice. The owner supports soldiers; we used a USO voucher here for a quick last-minute getaway before my husband deployed. The rooms are very clean and seem really updated. The staff is extremely nice and helpful, and the breakfast is pretty good. It's also RIGHT next to Ikea, can't go wrong there!
2	DON'T DO IT . . .This Quality Inn is anything but quality. Rooms are TINY. . Internet does not work. AT ALL and they have 4 different routers. When you ask the front desk about it they tell you to try to reach one of the other motels internets or maybe Mc Donalds. Told them nicely that it was bad, the said "You've not stayed here before".  Rooms were very small and not ready when we arrived at 6 PM at night.  Chair at desk had broken casters, explained to managment about it, wasn't taken care of.  When I went to shower the second night there I opened the shower towel to dry off and it looked like it had been used to polish shoes.  After speaking to three fellow co-workers about the experence, they stated that thier towels were the same way . . .  I guess it all hotels in the local area were booked and I had to work in the area again . . .  I'd stay again if I didnt' have a sleeping bag for my truck.
3	The Choice Hotel chain continues to be my preferred properties of the mid-$ range hotels.  The only issue I had with this one was the noisy A/C unit in the hallway right outside the door.  Other than that, it was clean with a friendly staff.
3	My Grandparents, myself & my uncle stayed in this hotel this past weekend. The hot breakfast every morning was great, the room was clean and roomy enough. However, I do have a few complaints. The sheets were very scratchy and not very comfortable, the bedside lamp wouldn't turn on or off without plugging it in or out of the wall. We could hear every voice outside our door of people walking up and down the hall and talking/laughing. My uncle & Grandfather's room had a broken toilet seat and it didn't get fixed until we complained a second time around 2:30pm. The front desk clerk, Nicole didn't exactly have the greatest personality either. She wasn't rude but appeared to not really know how to do her job very well. When asked for a suggestion on where to get lunch, she suggested the Firebird next to the Elephant Bar and said it was close enough to walk to. It was easily a 10-15 minute drive away at the Mall! Not in walking distance. Needless to say my 78 year old grandparents were not happy. In my opinion the rooms are not worth $149.00 a night. I've stayed in beautiful hotel rooms for a lot less than that in both Vegas and San Francisco. Chandler, AZ is hardly comparable to those cities. Just a suggestion to either upgrade your bedding, maintenance and improve the professionalism (both in appearance and knowledge) or lower your prices. FYI....there were two gentlemen who worked in the evening/night were friendly and super helpful. I wish I had gotten their names. Oh yeah and the cleaning people took my toothpaste when they cleaned and restocked the bathroom!
