5	hands down, the best dog park i have been to so far! lots of room, trees, water fountains, good owners, tennis balls galore... what more can a dog want?not to mention it has an actual people park as well, where the kids can play. the playground is right outside of the dog park for your kids... 5 stars, awesome bark park...
5	We had a great morning with the family ranging from 1 to 45 and the dog! Clean, convenient and full of great dogs and great people. We ended our morning on the awesome playground (for the little humans in the bunch!)
5	Best dog park ever! Large area for running and playing. The people there are fantastic. They are all regulars and remember your dogs name. Everyone there is sweet and the dogs are 99% well mannered. I enjoy taking my babies there and they love going and seeing their friends. FYI - Closed on Thursdays
4	The park is huge.  The other dogs are fun and my girls always enjoy coming here when we are visiting the family in East Mesa.  Wish they had dog parks like this in SoCA.  Solid 4.5 stars.
4	Very nice place to take your dogs!  Layla and I enjoy our time there.
5	Holy awesome dog park, Batman! This place is great! My dog is super friendly, but doesn't know how to play. He just stands and watches usually. But, with all the other dogs running up to great him, he was acting like a puppy and getting in on the action. The other dog owners are incredibly friendly and they all know how to control their dogs. There is plenty of lighting and tons of open space. There is even a "timid dog area" off to the side for dogs that is perfect for a dog not used to the bark park.Other aspects of the park include a people park with slides and swings, soccer fields, baseball fields, and plenty of open space. It's all very well maintained and over a beautiful area.
5	Awesome dog park! I brought my husky and my Maltese, both played in the big dog area and we had no problems and we love how big this park is! Don't go to countryside-wayyy ghetto
5	This dog park is so much fun! My 3 dogs love the huge open area to run and to fetch balls. I have yet to see any aggressive dogs. My boyfriend and I love coming here as well because it's big enough to walk  the perimeter to get a nice little work out while your dogs are playing. I wish it was closer to me so we could come everyday!!
1	I have never had such a terrible experience at a dog park. There were 2 separate dogs who REPEATEDLY attacked my dog and several others, with no repercussion from their owner. On top of that, their owners seemed to be mad at me when I scolded their dog for biting mine. I will NEVER return to this park.
