5	I have eaten at several different locations of Coco's. For some reason this one is always the one that serves the best food with the best service.Having eaten a variety of foods here and never have had anything to complain about, is pretty close to a miracle. I bitch about everything.Even the steaks are always cooked as I ask, med-rare and they are tender and have a great flavour. I just wonder why this location? I guess I am just lucky my sister made me pull in the parking lot one morning.
2	I find it hard to believe that anyone would rate a Coco's a 5 star experience, but to each their own. I happened to find this location pretty much ASS when I happened in here with Mom and Grandma in tow. Growing up in Phoenix, Coco's and Bob's Big Boy (then JB's), and Village Inn were the only coffee shop type restaurants around and Coco's was always good. Sadly, the memory of the chain and the reality of this location didn't match up. We arrived around 1pm on a Sunday and though it wasn't my choice to eat here, I agreed. Grandma was hungry and wanted pancakes. We walked in to a pretty packed restaurant and were seated fairly quickly by a teenage host. We sat and sat and sat and sat looking at our menus and me looking around at other tables who were also sitting to either order, get their checks or their food. Turned out not only was it the "B" team, it was probably the "C" team. When our waitress finally arrived to take our order, I realized she was the only one working the entire dining room and one other waitress was working the other half of the restaurant. The hosts (2 teens I noticed) were standing around basically doing nothing and the kitchen seemed behind on getting food out to customers. Grandma had her pancakes-I had to track down the coffee to refill her coffee (and several other customers), Mom had a BLT which was skimpy and I had a cup of their soup of the day (cream of broccoli) which was like eating a spoon full of salt and nothing could help it go down. I was surprised that this location especially being located in Sun City had such a lack of employees working. I was also surprised at the amount of families there-but I forget that Sunday is often go to lunch after Church day.I will skip this location in the future and hit up the JB's next door (Village Inn?) or actually get some decent coffee shop type grub at Cracker Barrel down the street. Oh, and if Grandma wants pancakes again, I might even venture just past the 101 on Bell and hit up IHOP before I hit up this place again.
1	Once again, I don't know how "anybody" can rate this Restaurant a "Five Star Restaurant". We ordered a Take-Out of a BLT Sandwich with Extra Mayonnaise with a Side Order of Cottage Cheese. The BLT Sandwich and the Cottage Cheese was Terrible !Our BLT Sandwich was made with a COLD Hoagie Subway Sandwich BUN. With 2 Pieces of Bacon on the bottom of the sandwich and it was SOAKED with Mayonnaise.It reminded me of a SUBWAY SANDWICH. And the Cottage Cheese was Terrible !I don't know, what it was. But, it did not TASTE like Cottage Cheese. We threw it out. OH, we also got "Terrible" Customer Service from Beverly the Hostee.We were asking her question's about "our order", and she said with a snap, "I already told you, what you can have". She was in such a hurry to do "other things", that she acted like we were bothering her and she had other thing's to do.Or she's tired of doing her Job. If that's the case, she need's to look Elsewhere to Work, if she's not going to have "Patience" with the Customer's.  As far as I concerned, $10.00 Down the Drain. DON'T WASTE YOUR  MONEY. Go To Another Restaurant. You'll Be SORRY...
4	I have only had breakfast here but it was really good.  I was very impressed with the service, promptly seated, quick with the coffee and refills, and the food was served piping hot.They have a nice variety of omelets on the menu so that's what we went for.  I had the Mediterranean and my mom had the senior cheese one.  Both were cooked perfectly, my was very tasty with kalmata olives, spinach, tomatoes, and feta.  My mom said she loved that they used sharp cheddar in hers not bland American cheese like most restaurants use.I don't know about other Coco's in the valley but this one is great.
1	We have been to this Co Co's several times over the past three yrs and each and everytime it seems to get worse. Our latest visit I had the 55 club country fried steak, not bad, mashed potatoes we so so but my wife ordered the ground beef steak. It was a cheap, really cheap, frozen hamburger thrown on the grill, nasty taste, may have been from freezer burn, but the burgers at any McDonalds, Hardees, or Burger King are one heck of a lot better quality meat. I doubt if we ever darken the door of this place again, I might be old but I still have my taste buds.
1	Went to this restaurant while visiting family in Surprise. We were seated quickly, but service beyond that was not good. The server entered the incorrect order, and rarely checked our table. The food was also below par. It was greasy and just thrown on the plate. Most of the orders were served cold, and it took 10 minutes to fix rhe incorrect orders.To top it off, we ordered 5 pies two days ahead of time. When we checked out, they did not have our order. They lost it. I was not impressed.
3	Used to be one of the most popular restaurants in Sun City, but their volume has gone down a lot in the last couple years.  Always famous for their cakes and pies and desserts, but also for their excellent food.  We have eaten their numerous times over the years and recently both the service and the food quality seem to have gone down.  Last time we were seated in the side room under an air vent and it was freezing cold in there.  No real reason to put us there since the main dining room was no where near full.  This has always been a place where the chain trains their newer servers before they go to other locations, but the service seems to have slowed down more recently.  The food is still decent and the service is OK, but I would have to rate it a 3 at best these days.
5	I'm shocked to see negative reviews! My husband, daughter & I come every Sunday for a family breakfast. The staff is super friendly,  the restaurant is clean and the food is delicious. We generally order a variation of the same each week - eggs, ham or sausage, potatoes and pancakes or french toast. We always leave completely stuffed (I usually take some home) and looking forward to our next trip. The manager comes over every time we come to give my daughter a balloon, which makes her day.We love this Coco's and will continue to patron this location.
