3	I go to Walmart for low prices on items and certain food items. This Walmart is a supercenter. They have some friendly associates and some down right ignorant associates. They store is clean yet it isn't extremely filthy either. When you need assistance it is hard to find an associate. I do continue to return for certain items, hover only at night because it isn't packed with crazy people.I do prefer to shop elsewhere, and that is from all I learned from my special friend over the years. :)
5	Let us all admit, no one is the biggest fan of Walmarts. (Walmart? Wal*Mart? Wal-Mart? WalMart? Wlmrt? Wlmrt it is)"I hope this wlmrt isn't awful" (Flashbacks of wlmrt is South Carolina come flashing back)Industrial ceilings give it at LEAST two stars just based upon the Manchester circa-1980 post-punk style they have going on.Walk straight all of the way ("We always walk towards the TVs) and made a left, groceries are thereNo sake to see but beer and wine and liquor for meWhich is good and nice but this wlmrt is five stars for a reason"As good as it gets!" Yelp saysThem gots Big Buck Hunter ($1 for two player 3 trek. Crazy.)Stacker here is rigged and the lady working the checkout liked us but did not like us being from California.
4	This is actually a Wal-Mart "Market".  Groceries only.  I've never seen one of these but we liked it very much.Finding items was intuitive.  Everything was where it was supposed to be.Pricing was very good also.  Not great, but it's much better than the Safeway across the street or the Fry's.Very clean and friendly service.Great experience.
4	This location is across from safeway on litchfield and indian school. This is a Market place, so majority of the stuff here is groceries. I love coming here because it is convenient and closer to my home. Every time I come in they are cleaning which I love, the shelves are always stocked with items. Fresh produce and baked goods. During holidays they have beautiful displays when you walk in. There is 2 red box as well as carpet cleaner rental.  Sometimes areas are hard to get to due to leaving merchandise still boxed in areas. Typically, I hate check out because sometimes you run across cashier's that have side conversations. But also you run in contact with friendly cashier's that are real helpful. If you are having a hard time with self checkout sometimes it's hard to get help because the person on duty night be off taking to a co worker.
