4	I decided to write this really quickly while I was still full from the deliciousness that is the Tasty Turkey. My sis used to work for Bruegger's Bagels back in the day and brought me home millions of bagels... this is how my obsession began (thanks for that Christine - probably has lead to my wheat allergy...) Anyway, the sandwich is served on an Asiago cheese bagel, I prefer the garlic one... tastes better with the chive cream cheese. Add cucumber, tomato, sprouts and of course turkey and you have yourself one tasty sammie. I only give 4 stars, 5 if my pickle wasn't always so shriveled. Also, 5 if you weren't so darn expensive. And, 5 if you were open past 4pm, some of us want to eat you for dinner!
2	ugh, this place was a total cluster this morning. all i wanted was a bagel box so i could bring in breakfast for the team at work. every einstein i've ever been to has pre-made boxes with a baker's dozen all prepped - you pick 2 tubs of cream cheese, pay and go on your merry way. not this one. so i get in line and wait. apparently because i'm not a regular i can't order in the same line the regulars can order - i got redirected to a different line. when i got to the new line i waited patiently (again) for someone to pay attention to me -it took awhile, but finally i got some attention. mid order, as my bagel box was being filled, the employee got derailed by a customer angry that her order hadn't been remade yet . then everything came to a screeching halt in the order-taking/order-making area while no less than 5 employees tried to figure that scenario out. the baskets for every "normal" bagel - honey whole wheat, asiago, plain, etc. were empty. it was 7:45 am and the store seemed quite unprepared for friday traffic. there isn't adequate signage and the flow of the facility is just confusing - there's really no way to tell where to go to order vs. pay and there is no good "waiting" area for people to stand in while waiting for their food which creates a massive traffic jam. the bagels themselves were fine, as was the cream cheese. my iced latte tasted like coffee grounds. yuck! i wish i had spent $21 elsewhere.
3	I have to say I agree with the review of this Einstein's about the line problem, and also I agree that the signage is bad.Lines are confusing, they do handle crowds fairly well but I've noticed that on weekend mornings can take a long time to get your food.  The coffee isn't great either (very weak).  I usually get my coffee somewhere before going here for the food.  I go here because it's convenient and it has a nice sunny patio with lots of tables and chairs.  The manager and employees seem nice.  The Lox and Cream Cheese bagel sandwich is to die for.  It took several visits before I was offered a customer card that would have given me a jump on discounts.  Apparently you're supposed to notice it among all the hubbub while ordering and paying for your food and trying not to hold up the line.  They should ask when ringing you up if you have a card.
3	I get the garlic bagel with onion/ chive spread.It wasn't too long of a wait on a weekend brunch, and I got to sit outside and enjoy the weather.Bit on the pricy side but I like their variety.(strawberry spread + cinnamon sugar bagel)
3	They have good options here. There are plenty of healthy items on the menu and the coffee is bottomless (if you stay there). The turkey sausage sandwich is good and they have the thin bagels that I like. The lunch choices arn't to shabby either. I like the turkey sandwich with sprouts (don't remember the name). They normally have coupons in the paper or showing up in the mail, using them makes this place a very affordable choice when you are on the run. The service is slower than fast food, but the quality is better.
2	Don't know why I continue to go to Einstein. Must be because my kids like the potato bagels so much.   I will have to agree that they are pretty good - doughy and yummy toasted w/ cream cheese.  As for the other bagels, they don't compare to "real" NY bagels.  I keep searching for something healthy on the menu but cannot find it.  I ordered a turkey sandwich on a thin bagel.  It was alright, but the service at this Einstein was undesirable. It took the help 15 minutes to get out one toasted bagel and the turkey sandwich.  Not too many customers and 4 employees trying to assemble a sandwich. I wanted to jump behind that counter and show them how it's done!
4	Went on a Tuesday morning around 8:45 AM.Experience was a lot different from the weekend mornings.One person ahead of me.Garlic bagel with Onion and Chive spread.Maybe I was REALLY hungry but it was Delicious!Try the strawberry spread on a plain bagel too, its so pink and tastes yummy too.
1	I agree with many of the other one and two star reviews here. I frequent quite a few different Einstein's locations in the Valley, as I am all over the Valley for work. This one is the worst.I went in today midday and found that I was the only customer ordering (with a few people already served and eating). I ordered from the first line (where they take your order) my "usual"- cinnamon sugar bagel toasted with honey butter and cinnamon sugar on top. There were 4 employees on the "line", one taking my order, one putting paper in baskets by where you pay, and another one restocking the self-serve chiller in the middle. I proceeded to move over to the "paying" line and sat there as the employee putting paper in the basket just looked at me, not acknowledging that I was waiting to pay. The lady restocking the chiller (who was the only decent employee I had during this visit) came over and said that someone would be right with me. Nobody came to ring me up, so she went to the back and got someone to ring me up. I filled up my drink and turned around to see my bagel JUST going into the toaster, as 4 employees on the line talked and kidded with each other. My bagel popped out of the toaster and Zach (I found out his name later when I called to complain) took the bagel out of the toaster and set it on the counter. He then turned to a fellow employee and started chatting with him. When there was a break in the conversation, he spread butter on my bagel. It was apparently one of the employees' last day and she was leaving work. So Zach stopped making my bagel to say goodbye to her and chat with her before she left. All my bagel needed was cinnamon sugar sprinkled on top...as I sat there and waited. I finally stepped up and said, "Hey guys, can I get my bagel? I have been waiting for a bit." Zach turned to me and replied "You have only been waiting for 3 minutes and 51 seconds." Obviously, this didn't sit well with me, so I responded, "Well there are a bunch of you standing around doing nothing and I am the only customer in here". He finally gave me my bagel and I left.I called later and spoke with the shift manager who clearly remembered me. He explained to me that he would "talk to" Zach about his inappropriate/disrespectful response to me and that they are the 4th busiest Einstein's in the Valley. Funny, because I have been to busier locations who served me quicker and treated me with respect. Calling and speaking with the manager didn't accomplish much, so I will be calling corporate (1-800-BAGEL ME for anyone else who needs it).IN SUMMARY: long wait times, employees standing around not helping customers (like the other reviews), bad traffic flow, disrespectful employeesTHE ONLY GOOD THING GOING for this place was the bagel was decent...hence the one star.I wonder how many people/reviews saying the same thing it is going to take before the store manager and corporate step in?
3	Tight parking here with the Albertsons traffic & carts.  Reasonable line wait times, though staff isn't fully trained with the slightest menu modifications.  If the menu says Egg & Cheese bagel sandwich, they shouldn't freak out if I want pepper jack instead of the American/Cheddar default.  Prices seem to be going higher at Einstein's in recent years and now it feels like a premium over fast food places, donuts, and almost a direct competitor to a sit down meal at IHOP or similar.
1	This has got to be the dirtiest place I've been. The staff is run horribly. The trash is over flowing behind the counter and the PM special for $5 is horrible. The staff was all wearing dirty shirts. My wife and I will not be coming back.
2	Horrible service. I went at 1pm, and they were out of many flavors of bagels and were not willing to make more. Of course, they had plenty of the "gourmet" flavors that cost almost twice as much. They had also clearly labeled their pastries, but unfortunately had done so with the wrong labels and prices and didn't seem to care that they weren't accurate. The staff was rude and couldn't have cared less about customer service.
3	there oj not fresh anymore that sucks!!!!!!!!!
1	The food is good, but the service isn't. Weekend mornings are a nightmare here, also they frequently run out of things.
3	This place is always busy and if you come to late in the day you may find that the bagel selection is... well, it might suck my after the lunch rush.  The food is good and the manager is friendly.... but I'm always a little disappointed in how often I see the employees talking among themselves instead of getting the orders out.  I also don't like to see how messy the floor is behind the counter- they could use some extra umph in the cleaning department to keep things looking sanitary.  The bagel crumbs and crumpled napkins that often litter the floor behind the counter is a definite turn off.
2	A long line at an Einstein is to be expected on a Saturday morning.  But a more than 15 wait for two toasted bagels with smear is not.  That, by the way, was after a five minute wait just to order and pay.  I know that the biggest part of this issue is that a chain like Einstein has set ways of doing things, but it would've been nice to see some of the workers have a little more urgency to get food out.  It was so backed up that there was barely a place to stand and wait at 8:00am.  I don't even want to know what it may have looked like at 9:00 or 10:00.
3	I love Einsteins.. but this location is a serious foul ball!  I agree with many of these comments.  Three is a really low rating for me.  The food is still pretty good, but they're skimpy with the shemere, VERY VERY slow.. and the older guy in charge.. not so much.  I've seen him be rude to staff and customers a few times.  I'm a big customer service person.  Treat people well.. and you'll do well!!!  My ONLY reason for continuing here.. is I live close enought to walk my dogs and son to hang out.. and the neighbors all hang to say hi.
5	Love this place!  It's definitely a regular on my list of eatery's.  Bagels are delish.  Things I eat here... bacon, egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich on sesame bagel, tasty turkey sandwich, and turkey melt... served open face with turkey, tomato and melted cheese... I usually sub out for swiss cheese.  Tasty tukey is one of my faves!  Turkey with sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, tomato and chive cream cheese spread - sandwiches come with potato chips or potato salad.  Pot salad is very good. All their locations usually have some outdoor seating too!
2	So I've been going to Einstein Bros bagels for YEARS and have generally had what I would call "4 star" experiences.  The restaurants are always clean, the service prompt and friendly and the bagels (I almost always get a tasty turkey on a toasted everything bagel).Yesterday, I dropped into this location hungry & ready for my usual.  The restaurant was PACKED, no biggie, I've seen this before, these guys are bagel slingin pros and will make short work of this line....So, I step up to the order counter, look into the case & notice they're running low on some varieties but have what I'm looking for.  I order and make my way to the register.  This is where I notice they're set up kinda backwards.  You enter the queue on the left of the store, order and move to the right to pay.  The cashier is next to the restroom and drink machines (a dead end) but then you have to go BACK int the queue where people are ordering to GET your food... Not an issue if the store isn't busy but when all tables are occupied and there's a line to the door, it's kind of a mess.Every minute or so, an name is called and a bagel lover gets his/her breakfast, everything's in order then right, well.... About every second name called seemed to result in the patron approaching the counter to get his/her order only to be told they'd run out of their bagel choice and would have to choose another.  After 15 minutes waiting for MY name to be called, the moment came and I stepped up to the counter and was told they didn't have any everything bagels and I would have to choose something else.  My response, you had plenty when I ordered, the response "well, we're out now and people are waiting behind you so hurry up and pick something else."  This kinda pissed me off so I looked at the case and said I'll have a garlic bagel, "if you have any left when you make my sandwich." Yes, I was snarky but so was the bagel maker.  The blonde girl next to him seemed offended that I would have anything to say about the goings on and stopped making sandwiches to make sarcastic comments to the guy who was making my bagel.  Anyway, 5min later I got my order and we headed home.  I opened my bag and inside was NOT a garlic bagel, it was NOT toasted but it WAS an okay onion bagel.  Maybe I'm overreacting but I don't feel like making bagels is THAT difficult nor do I think it's too much to crank up bagel production when you're slammed on a Saturday (5-11-13) morning....
4	I come here all the time and always receive speedy, efficient service.  I usually opt for the bakers dozen bucket which comes with two tubs of cream cheese for $14.25. They have several different flavors  of cream cheese to choose from. (Onion/chive, garlic herb, garden veg, salmon, honeyn etc) as well as a plethora of bagel varieties to choose from. I always get some of their fresh squeezed oj as well.   If coffee is more your style they do a variety of specialty coffees (hot and cold) as well as a traditional serve yourself coffee station. They also have to-go coffee boxes (like a box of wine but coffee) which is prefect if your hosting a meeting or its your turn to bring breakfast to the office!They also serve breakfast sandwiches as well as lunch items.
3	Very slow service and I don't know how they can run out of PLAIN bagels! Luckily, I like their food so I keep going back ....
3	+sLove the bagels, coffee (bottomless and amazing) and sandwiches (whooaaa!!)Great service, often bringing your food to your table...Seasonal menu additions...Ambiance is great with a nice open feeling inside and patio outside...-sClose early (not open in the evenings)Not laptop friendly. Wifi is good most of the times, but no power outletsA little bit priceyThis location can get crowded at certain times on the weekends (the staff still does an amazing job)
2	This is an update. Lately the wifi has been taken out of this place for the last couple of months. I guess they don't like the laptop wielding kind...
4	BOOOOOMB. love bagels. For sure best bagels ever. I love all the different types of cream cheese and the service is always really fast! Also super cheap!
1	Horrible service. They have messed up my order twice. I had to call customer service and complain and they kept messing up my order. It's no complicated to read an order when making a sandwich. Since the one manager left Tom it's not the same place and they don't take care of their customers. Not happy with this place.
5	I love this place! Every time I go there is a line but they staff appropriately so the line moves really quickly.  The employees are always so nice and I have never been disappointed in anything I have ordered. I am so happy to be just a stones though away- and I absolutely love the pumpkin bagels, smear, and lattes!
1	The SLOWEST Einstein staff ever! Full of excuses... Every time we come they apparently are down a toaster or multiple staff members. I just want my ONE bagel... I don't even get it toasted, and yet... 16 mins after we order... I'm still standing here waiting for the food I just paid for. uggggh
