1	What makes PNC really stand out as a one star is their customer service.A few weeks ago I transferred a nice chunk of money, using paypal, to a friend. Long story short the funds were transferred out of my account twice which was not PNCs fault.I called Paypal and they sent a letter to PNC and myself stating they had made an error, that the funds were on their way back to my PNC account and to please forgive any fees which may have been incurred.I had two overdraft fees of $36 each, two overdraft protection charges of $10 each on my credit card, and one $7 continuous charge as I awaited the funds. None of this bothered me. A week later the fees still hadn't been return so I emailed PNC asking about the status. I received a canned response saying it could take up to two days to receive the refund IF IT IS APPROVED, meaning since there wasn't an error on their part, they felt entitled to keep my money. What a bunch of scumbags.A week later, well past the two day waiting period, I emailed again. The rep simply said there was a response to your last message that stated..... And copy pasted the previous message from them stating it would be 2 days. What a joke. PNC can keep the $100 because they have lost my business.
1	Beware of PNC Bank! I had a HELOC with them for 10 years, and then when I went to refinance it, the loan dept. was a MESS.  3 months went by of run-arounds, then the loan was approved!  Great.  Then - "Oh you need to pay, and send more paperwork" - ok - but I was oot on business.  So by the time I got back and asked for the paperwork to be sent for the final signature - poof.  My loan had DISAPPEARED! Now without even the least bit of shame, they are telling me I have to start over!!! I have an Approved Loan!!! And yet - they can't even take the paper work that they (finally) found - but now it's too late (tho nobody told me there was a time limit to sign the final papers). And their Customer Service Manager - "oh I looked into it - too bad we can't help you.."  Seriously?????Bank Somewhere Else!
1	If I had written my review of PNC Bank five years ago when I was naive and getting my first debit account I would have given them five stars. After my experiences this past month, I am embarrassed by the fact that I remained loyal to this bank for so long.  While in the past I have not had many issues with their services, transferring money from another account into my own never proved to be simple  It was always such a long process and who has time for inconvenience these days in our high maintenance, technology driven world!! But, that's not why I'm giving them one star.What makes them really stand out as a one star? Their customer service.The customer service representative I spoke to tonight was entirely unhelpful when I required her services.  I recently relocated to the Midwest from the East Coast and decided to open an account with a different bank that is actually prominent in the Midwest, WellsFargo. Therefore, I was neither making any more deposits into my PNC account nor using my PNC card.  I forgot to change the payment information for an online account I had been registered with that required a monthly payment, so when I noticed my account was overdrawn I was taken aback but then came to the realization of what had happened. The means that PNC took to inform me about my overdrawn account was through a mailed letter... which i received almost a week after my account dropped below zero. Each day after I had irresponsibly overdrawn my account, PNC charged me a fee of $7. Even though I was entirely unaware as I awaited their snail mail. In the age of technology we are in, I would expect them to at least send an email or try notifying me in any other way. This was a huge disappointment but I blamed myself for the mistake in the first place.This was entirely my own fault and I immediately took action to solve the problem by paying off the amount to get my account to a balance of zero. Now all I wished to do was close out the account. The first attempt I made was "too soon" after I had paid off the charges from overdrawing the account.  So I let the account sit for about a week. Then I called back during their customer service representative hours to close out my account tonight. After waiting on hold to terrible elevator music and wanting nothing but to put in ear plugs for about 15 minutes, I finally received a representative, Anita. I informed Anita that I had been wanting to close out my account for awhile now due to relocating and using a different banks services. She then told me that my account was overdrawn the small amount of $8.95 so she could do nothing to help me. I explained that I was confused as to why someone had tried to cash a check from my account today for that amount since I haven't touched the account in a couple of weeks and she said I'd have to call back tomorrow if I wanted to figure anything out. She was very rude and did not give me any information. I'll admit that I don't know everything about how banking and their processing works but I could not believe that I sat waiting for a customer service representative to not give me a single piece of advice or more than five minutes of her time. When I asked her if she could note that we spoke tonight regarding my concerns, she acted defensive and rude. I am very very disappointed with the customer service I received tonight and I hope that tomorrow I will be able to rid myself of this company and my account with them for good, because I have only faced problems and poor service lately. Whew, it feels good to get that off my chest.
