3	I love Mexican food and I always look for new places. Although I prefer the more formal restaurants, some of the faster-service places are pretty good.  Someone recommended Fausto's to me so I gave it a try.  Let me tell you, you get a lot of food for your money!  There's enough for two people in those entrees. And there are many entrees to choose from.  Service can be a tad slow, and the place was hot inside the day I was there.  The restaurant is kind of small but it's big enough for a large group to get together when several tables are pulled together (as was happening the day I was there). There's not a lot of room by the counter to wait for your order if you are doing takeout, though. Overall, the food is tasty enough- it wasn't great, but it wasn't bad.
3	Stopped here for some tacos before a night of drinking across the way at the Red Hawk Tavern..."authentic" maybe not, but the meat had flavor, something not every "Mexican" restaurant can achieve, I was pleasantly surprised by the portions and the service was quick and easy.Three steak tacos with every thing on them, good food and even better prices!If I ever move back to Las Vegas I would for sure visit this place again.
4	Love the California burrito, super decadent al pastor fries. nice to find  mexican food in Henderson.
4	Aimlessly driving down Eastern looking for a place to find something for dinner that would please the entire fam is not always easy. We roll right by sin city sushi and then passed cafe Rio and just keep on truckin... At this point we all started getting to the point of being "Hangry" (so hungry you are angry)... so i made the executive decision to start searching parking lots for places that we have never been. After all, we must find new places to yelp about. After the third parking lot the pink fluorescent lighting of Faustos caught our attention.. Yes a little Roberto'esque but we figured, "Why not?" Unlike many of the other places I have reviewed lately this little joint was packed.... You have the Indian family to my left getting down on a huge plate of chicken nachos and the group of mid twenty couples sitting in the corner eating this stuff family style like they are at a Mexican buca di beppo. I have never walked into a small place like this and have to stake claim on the last table left to sit in. After we put our order in I noticed they have a cafeteria type serving cart in the middle of the room that has the salsas and pickled jalapenos and all the fix-ins.... Only problem was that the place was so busy I could barely get to it. About 10 minutes later our grub had arrived, i had ordered my own plate of carne asada nachos and was amazed at the size of this thing.. the meat was great and perfectly seasoned the salsa was fresh and well worth the 2 arm wrestling and thumb war matches I had to survive to get to the salsa cart. This was a pleasant surprise when you look at how we ended up here. The reason why i took one star away was the tacky interior design.. Obviously i am not expecting some Mexican ultra-lounge but the pink walls with crooked pictures could be updated just a little.I would recommend the food if you are looking for something quick to eat. Be prepared to leave full and with a box because the portions are huge.. Enjoy!!
5	Best Carne Asada tacos in the LV valley! I've been searching for years to find Mexican food that comes the closest to the way my grandmother makes it. Sadly to say, I just can't find it, but along the way I've discovered a lot of great places. Fausto's is a small store with BIG taste. You may believe that you can find similar at Roberto's, although I love Roberto's I believe Fausto's is better and has more of  a homemade style feel to its Mexican food. Get place to go at anytime
3	I guess I just ordered the wrong thing? Craving a quesadilla we headed to Fausto's for lunch. What I got was inedible, disgusting and a mess. Granted we did take out.. granted we do live 3 minutes away. I don't know what excuses I can make. I opened my little styrofoam container and it was just a jumbled mess of grease and slime. The chicken was really low quality, the orange grease was everywhere and the tortillas sucked. The veggies were gross too while we're at it. It was inedible and I threw it away. I travel to mexico all the time (probably been 25 times?), I grew up in TX. I know good mexican food and I know good "americanized" mexican food as well. This wasn't good at all. You can in fact make a quesadilla that isn't greasy. Authentic mexican places do NOT use orange cheese. Doesn't happen. I attached a photo of the nasty monstrosity of a quesadilla they served me. I'm giving them 3 stars instead of 2 stars because the hubby's nachos were decent. The carnitas on his nachos were bland and the meat quality wasn't great, but at least the portion was good?
4	Good food and huge portions
4	The best mexican food I've had in vegas so far.  Everything on the menu is great.  Good prices and huge portions.  Great for takeout.
4	(review is for breakfast only)Fausto's is a hole in the wall taqueria.  Which isn't to say that they do a bad job (see the four stars above)--just that it's quick, tasty and not the healthiest thing you'll ever order.  We went there for breakfast to grab a quick breakfast burrito before hitting the road and they wrap up a pretty delicious breakfast burrito.  The tortilla is fresh and packed with potatoes, eggs, cheese and, if you're a meat eater, a choice of meat (thick cut bacon, chorizo (spicy sausage), steak).  Oh man, that bacon is good--crispy and a little tough, which adds wonderful texture  alongside the softer ingredients.On its own, the burrito would make Fausto's worth a breakfast visit (i.e. three stars), but their salsa alone earns the place a fourth star.  Many taquerias have a salsa bar put out for customers to add some flavor, but Fausto's salsa is wonderfully spicy.  The salsa verde has some good kick.  You'd think that's common in a Southwestern town filled with Mexican restaurants, but a lot of places dial back on the spice.  I love me some jalapenos (with the seeds) in my food and so it was nice to find a taqueria that could send little sparks to the tongue.  Add in a tray of free pickled carrots, onions and jalapenos and Fausto's gets my thumbs up as a good breakfast joint.
3	Better than Roberto's but nothing special. Still haven't found any good Mexican food in Vegas/Henderson.
5	Best Breakfast Burrito hands down! It is very simple your meat of choice, potatoes, eggs, cheese in a slightly grilled tortilla. Red Salsa from there bar is perfect on it. I have had other item on there menu, everything else was good but I could eat there Breakfast Burrito any time of day. It is a meal for me.
3	Looking for a good place to go when you're craving authentic Mexican food but don't want to pay high prices at some Mexican sit-down restaurant or pay really cheap prices for questionable Mexican fare at a fast-food establishment? Search no further because Fausto's is that place plus more. The employees are nice, the food is made-to-order, the menu is simple and inexpensive, and there's a complimentary condiments bar complete with pickled veggies (jalapenos, carrots & onions), fresh cucumber & radish slices, and two types of salsa (mild tomatillo & a spicy red salsa). Sure, the ambiance may be lacking, but that's okay because you can just order your food to-go. You can order food a la carte (located on the menu above the counter) or you can order a combo which comes with an entree and sides of Mexican-style rice & refried beans. The combo menu is posted on the side wall adjacent to the counter, and it is composed of images of the food, making it easier to choose what you want to eat. I've been here multiple times, and everything that I have ordered so far has been good. Here's what I've ordered:Chimichanga combo plate: A humongous flour tortilla burrito stuffed with shredded beef, onions & bell peppers, then fried to golden perfection and topped with sour cream on one half & guacamole on the other, along with a nice layer of melted cheese. The plate comes with a side of rice & refried beans, as well as a small serving of pico de gallo ( I assume to bring some sort of healthy to the dish). Shredded Beef combo plate: The shredded beef is the same concoction as the shredded beef inside the chimichanga, but instead of it being encased in a fried tortilla, the meat is served all by itself with sides of refried beans & rice, and your choice of freshly made corn or flour tortillas, which you can use to make mini burritos. The tortillas are wrapped in foil to keep warm. I prefer the flour tortillas over the corn because they have better texture, are bigger & taste better. Store-bought flour tortillas can't compare to the fresh-made tortillas at Fausto's. Super Nachos: Heart-attack on a plate! But so addicting & super good. I usually ask for the toppings (meat of your choice, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, tomatoes & cheese; I may be forgetting something) on the side to prevent the fried flour tortilla chips from becoming soft. The chips are oily and they layer on the toppings, so be warned- Addicting, yet so bad for you. Tacos: I love the tacos because of the way Fausto's prepares the shell. I think they fry the whole taco after stuffing the tortilla with meat & cheese, resulting in a very crispy shell. They then take the fried taco and add lettuce & a another type of cheese (crumbly, reminiscent of feta). I like to add salsa to the taco, which makes the taco juicy & yummy. I haven't had a bad experience with Fausto's yet, so I do recommend this place. The next time you're searching for good Mexican food at inexpensive prices and large portions, then stop by Fausto's and try some of their menu items.
5	I know I gave Roberto's 5 stars but Fausto's is way better. They are just a lot farther away from my house. I love their carne asada and chips and cheese. Great place for a quick bite of tasty and blessedly unhealthy Mexican food.
5	very good food with an awesome price. the staff memebers are great people too. i left my wallet in the store and i had 400 bucks cash inside it and when i went there the day after to see if i have left it there they gave it back to me. love you guys
4	Don't be fooled by the "grill" at the end of their name; Fausto's offers authentic mexican food much like you could find in your mama's kitchen (well, not my mama's, but someone's...) It's simple and tasty here. Good, cheap mexican food: My favorite! It doesn't try to be fancy, nor is it fresh-mex like Chipotle or Baja Fresh. This restaurant is extremely similar to Roberto's (right down to the salsa bar with fresh veggies), yet I think their flavor is just a tad better! If you're in the mood for homemade Mexican food, this is the closest you'll come (unless your mama cooks tamales better than mine...)
4	fausto's is my choice of mexican taco shop! carne asada fries are crispy and the toppings don't have beans! the guac is fresher! and no tomatoes. fries, carne, guac, cheese, sour cream and i think thats about it. but its not overly topped with other ingrediants like other taco shops. their cali burrito is just as good but with rice and wrapped in a tortilla. be prepared to share due to big portions! they keep the restaurant as clean as they can, the staff is super friendly and patient with any questions you have about their menu. i ususally take orders for takeout and enjoy my mexifood where its not so busy.
5	Delicious quality mexican food. Salsa is excellent. Robertos who?? Wish I lived closer!!
4	after spending a few days at the grand canyon and living off Dennys I was dying for something ethnic to eat. So on my way to vegas i bust out the yelp app on my phone and start looking for places close to where I am. I just randomly picked Faustos from the list. Mexican food sounded good and I was dying to eat something decent. I was pretty happy with the food here. sure a lot of it had to do with not eating anything worth wild for the past 3 days. I thought the quality was pretty good. Decent mexican food in a casual enviroment. I am happy I stopped here to eat. If I'm ever in the area again i would come back for sure.
5	so good we eat there once a week! great food , and filling. No place is better to take a group of teenage boys after football practice . I love everything I have tried there except for the rolled tacos , they are pretty hard and not much filling. carne asada fries and nachos are the best!
5	Im going to have to agree with Chuck here.  Faustos is as authentic as you can get.  Usually get the taco salad or chimichangas!  Everything is fresh and made fresh.  The prices are cheap for the amount of food you get.  I've gotten all my friends to try this place, and no one has had a bad experience yet.  Highly recommend this place to anyone craving some really good mexican.
4	I love the chicken nachos. My wife and I always split one and it is enough for the both of us.
5	So far, the best Mexican joint in my opinion. Bought a pastor burrito and carne asada fries for right under $12. For its large portions, you can't bargain or argue its size and value. The pastor burrito was delicious. Very stuffing and huge. Not too greasy either(all Mexican food has grease). The asada fries were damn good as well. I was surprised at how cheap yet how much they served for what I paid for. Unbelievably, I finished my meal, resulting in a dying coma. Also had its complimentary bar of condiments consisting of Jalapenos and various hot sauces. The only improvement they need is the guacamole. But I don't take any stars away because I really can't argue its value. Fausto's will definitely be seeing future business from me.4/2/12After trying different options in the menu such as the burritos whether it be pollo or asada, I'm sad to say the burritos are very bad... Despite the delicious super fries that they offer, their burritos taste extremely stale. We asked for extra guacamole and didn't get it, but the lack of extra guacamole doesn't explain the stale taste in their burrito. I suggest to stick with super fries.
4	Muy bueno! For a regular place to eat, where those that know Mexican Food will go, this is the place for sure!!!!  All the workers and all those that eat Mexican Food as their main ethnic food eat at this place and I would say it is pretty darn good!1.  Location - There are many, this one is in the Albertson Strip mall next to Panda Express with tons of parking and easy access!2.  Ambiance - No Frills, This is a clean and basic place to eat!3.  Food - this is the key. There is a huge picture menu or written menu above the cashier.  We ordered several things for the family:Nachos - Great stuff and you can get a bunch of toppings on it.Carne Asada Burrito, Chicken Burrito, Carnitas Burrito - All these we ordered and it was very, very tender meat. The size, while not the largest, was just right.  Everything is cooked to order, not sitting in a try waiting to be "made".  We added the sour cream, pico de Gallo, and beans. My kids and family enjoyed it a lot!!!Cheese Quesadilla - OK, so I have one family member who wants the Big Mac of Mexican Food, a cheese quesadilla. Very nice, thick with cheese and only slightly oiled i the cooking process. Stuff - They have a help yourself area to spicy sauces and pickled vegetables. Very nice and authentic. I like a lot of sauce on my food, so helping yourself is great.If you are used to ordering huge burritos with everything on it and all, then you may be a bit unhappy here. As while large and with many ingredients, it is not overpowering in size or in taste. This is what makes it so tasty.GK Says, check it out.  Plain, simple, good.
4	Came here on a fluke and boy was it one on the best one's yet.Hands down the best menudo in town. No hominy (the way i prefer it). It is soooo well seasoned and not at all overly greasy. It doesn't stink or taste dirty, if you eat menudo you know what I mean. It's $5 for a large portion of this stuff. A great deal if you ask me. Fish tacos - okay. not to die for. not the best.Carne asado - decent. good. But i come here for the Menudo. Plain and simple.
3	Ok, so it's still not 100% what I'm looking for but it's way better then Roberto's or Super Burrito... The carne asada was decent and the guac was pretty good. I am still looking for someone who does a decent chicken burrito, but thats another story. Overall the place it clean and the people are very friendly. This alone sets it apart from the others.
4	A buddy of mine turned me on to this place a few years ago and I've been coming here ever since. I only get one thing here, and they do it better than anyone else.California burrito - When you first see this thing, what  comes to mind is "how am I going to finish this thing"? But it goes down pretty easily. This burrito is loaded with rice, beef and sauce and guacamole. At roberto's you'll end up paying more for a burrito that is loaded with mostly potatoes, not beef. If you're hungry and need a quick pick me up, this is the place to go.
5	Awesome! We had the breakfast burritos, one chorizo and one bacon. Simple ingredients, but packed with flavor. The tortillas were cooked on the flat grill, which I think really changed the flavor of the whole burrito. I love the fact that they cook to order. I don't mind waiting when I know that my food is that fresh. The addition of the salsa bar, which included sliced limes, was a perfect touch. Can't wait to go back!
3	Very decent, quick Mexican food. No complaints!
4	Fausto's never disappoints!  In this town that seems to be all about Roberto's, I can definitely say that I'm Team Fausto's.  The food just tastes better, seems fresher and their cheese doesn't smell funny.  I also have to say that it sits better in my tummy, since I know you're dying to know that particular detail.
1	I don't understand the hype behind Fausto's. I've tried the Chicken Quesadilla, the Steak Burrito and I've had the chips and salsa and nothing has been particularly impressive to me.I know the place is just quick and greasy, but I don't even find it as enjoyable as Roberto's, Don Tortaco or Tacos Mexico...which are questionable themselves.
4	The IN and OUT of mexican food.Gotta love Fausto's specially their breakfast burrito. You get your money's worth. This thing is HUGE and will make you full all for $4. If ever your on a budget and your craving mexican food go to Fausto's. Their prices are pretty decent and I assure you, you will not be disappointed . I also recommend getting the taquito's and the chicken quesedillia.  And of course for your drink the Horchata. It will satisfy your thirst.The atmosphere:  I wouldnt count on this place being a fancy sit down. Like i said its good for take outs just a quick grab and go type place.Location: The location i went to was in henderson and really convenient.I would highly reccomend this place for people that just want to grab quick mexican food. Don't expect anything fancy.
4	We were hungry and looking for a Jack in the Box.  Never really found it because my friend saw the Fausto's sign and shouted "Fausto's go Fausto's!!!". I've never heard of them before but must be good to shout it out like that. It was like any other Mexican restaurant like Roberto's, Don Tortaco, etc, which I do enjoy, cheap, fast, very filling, and perfect when drinking or recovering. We ordered a few burritos. Being only about $5 you can't go wrong. The carne asada burrito was my choice just because I don't think I could've ate an entire plate of nachos. It was satisfying and did the spot, delicious and filling definitely.I saw a sign for menudo and being a chilly Friday night I wanted some but it was only made on Sat and Sun, so maybe next time.They are clean, fast, and reliable. If you're feeling like Mexican, Fausto's is good especially if its the nearest Mexican around you.
3	Servicable mexiican fare.  Robertos is better though.
1	This place is tremendously bad.  It's the worst Mexican food I've ever had in my life.  No question.  My wife ordered a carnitas burrito.  The pork was awful.  It was overcooked, spongy and slightly green.  Yuck!!  I ordered the beef burrito and cheese enchilada.  The beef was undercooked and tasteless.  The rice was terrible.  The cheese enchilada was bland, and the red sauce tasted like wallpaper paste.  Bland as heck and too thick.  The beans were decent, but not enough to get two stars even.  Many better places in Vegas to eat Mexican food.  Avoid this place at all costs.  I don't get the positive reviews.  It's just terrible.  Never again.
5	For my money this is the best Mexican in Las Vegas.
5	I love Fausto,s. I have been eating here for years!  I get upset when people compare it to Roberto's.  The food is way better!  Place is way cleaner. The service model resembles that other taco shop but Fausto's food is leaps and bounds better!  Horizon Ridge is the best location, but I have eaten at them all.  One of my very favorites. Cheap and delicious.
5	Try the wet burrito. Enough food for 4 (yes I said 4) meals.
4	I have to hold my review at 4 stars just because the facility is kind of a dive...BUT...the food is awesome.  This is a great spot for lunch.  The chicken quesadilla is out of this world!  Tacos and burritos are awesome too.  I would say Fausto's is just a shade better than Roberto's.  Prices are about average and the service is quick.
4	If you like Roberto's you'll love Fausto's. Better prices and I think better food. It would get five stars, but it's not much on atmosphere. Who cares? I go there to eat.
4	Biggest & Best Carne Asada Breakfast Burrito that I have found. In doing research for a new Las Vegas Best website, I have sampled almost every burrito in the Metro Area and Fausto's has just surpassed Pepe's, Carlito's & Roberto's in size and flew way past Roberto's in both Size & Taste. The addition of Potatoes speaks volumes in a burrito.Cant give the place 5 Stars because its about as plain and boring as a Jail Cell inside. Why have a TV on the wall if it's not turned on?
5	This Fausto's is similar to the one located on Stephanie. Good food at reasonable prices and good portion sizes. The service is quick also. I haven't been to Roberto's ever since we discovered Fausto's through my parents. I just find Roberto's to be very greasy and seeing that is not very appetizing at all.Try it out and taste the difference, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	Authentic Mexican food! Visiting in area, but definitely would could back! The chili verde was amazing! Taquitos were fresh and not over fried. Great salsa!
3	Dropped from 4 stars to 3 when I ordered what seemed like the normal California Burrito. Unfortunately when I got home, I found out it contained RICE instead of Fries. Who the Hell puts Rice instead of Fries in a California Burrito? What a let down!
5	Breakfast Burritos - Get them here. You may find other "fancy" places that put arugula and avocado in their breakfast burritos and charge you $12 per, not here. If you come to Fausto's, you're here for the meat, cheese, and potatoes mixed together in a fresh tortilla to make one huge burrito for under 5 bucks. All you need to do is load up on salsa and get down to business. Everything else here; get it, eat it. I am a vegas native that now lives in Chicago and is taking Xanax because I can't eat this everyday.
5	Delicious and Authentic Mexican food!  Went there for breakfast and ordered the chilaquiles verdes. Absolutely amazing!  It was just like my mom's cooking!   I definitely recommend you try the chilaquiles,  you won't be disappointed!
1	Faustos, what happened? I used to love this place. I mean, to me this was the best Mexican food in the city. Fausto came from Mexico, by way of Southern California and brought great taste with him. Sadly, the quality has gone a little too far south and I no longer recognize this place. The beans are still good but their Chimichanga was soggy and sloppy. I hope this was more an issue of the cook rather than the franchise however I have eaten at the Stephanie Location and College Dr location and was not impressed. Everything was very greasy and it upset my stomach.... as I was eating it.
4	This was a great find. I had a yummy carne asada burrito for only $4.95. I am stuffed. Good food, clean and friendly staff. I talked to them in Spanish, which was fun for me. I was here for a conference at the M Resort and so I just found this place on Yelp and came here because it had good reviews.
2	The cashier could not communicate well. :( - of 5 dishes, he got 2 wrong. My dish was completely wrong, even after I corrected him, and another dish had the wrong meat in it. Further, the taco shell was a bit over done/burnt tasting.
4	consistently good food and great prices! I think they are better then Robertos that are all over town. I have eaten at 3 of their locations and prefer the food from the horizon location. They have great salsa, chicken tacos, chili relano, and enchiladas!
2	Nothing outstanding here. Portions are a good size. Lots of variety to choice from. Staff doesn't seem to leave behind the counter. There's a small salsa bar but nothing to fuss about. I've had the fish tacos which were a little bland. Same for the chicken burritos, not much flavor. Not sure why I expected this place to be good, bigger menu than del taco but not much on taste. If you're hungry and need a quick bite I guess it'll do.
1	I'd be a little cautious about eating at a restaurant with a C rating from the health department...
4	If its not Roberto's its Fausto's.I love you Fausto, don't stop feeding us.Ordered the California burrito, BEAUTIFUL.Ordered the Super Nachos, (THEY PACK IT UP) YESSSSsmiles on their faces and very welcoming.always coming back for more ;)
2	Standard Mexican Fare.  A lot of people say it's better that Roberto's, but it's exactly the same.  If you didn't see a name on the store front, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference.Got the ham & egg breakfast burrito.  It was 80% potato, 10% egg, 10% ham.  I skipped on the cheese.  It's fine if you're starving and need something fast, but don't go out of your way to go here.
5	I always call in my orders and they are always ready to go and on point. Staff is very friendly, salsa bar is always fresh. Even when I don't call in my orders there is never a very long wait time. Personally I have always been a fan of Faustos more than Roberto's  I find it to be more authentic and have better recipes. Some would say they are the same but I beg to differ.Convenient location. Recommended
