4	Googling "best places to buy a Christmas tree in Vegas" led me to this little spot. It's essentially a corner Christmas tree lot operated by the Las Vegas firefighters.They have several different types of trees (Douglas Fir, Noble Fir, Grand Fir, etc.), a variety of sizes, and all looked to be very nice (much better than I am used to seeing at your average Christmas tree lot). And the trees were fairly well-priced. 5ft-6ft trees tended to be around $59. 6ft-7ft trees tended to be around $79.They also sell wreaths, garland, tree stands, etc. And apparently have been selling Christmas trees for over 20 years.I'm very pleased with the tree we purchased. And we opted to have it flocked - which turned out great.The firefighters were very helpful and nice. The woman at the pay booth, though, was a tad rude and unable to answer any questions.All in all, a good experience and a great tree. And I like the fact that the firefighters are involved. We'll be remembering this place next year.
5	This is the only place we will buy our Christmas trees!  They have been in business for twenty years and they have the best quality in town!
4	We purchased a Noble Fir from Deerbrooke Farm last week.  The place  looked so much nicer than most other tree lots and the trees were much healthier.  Last year we picked up our tree from a random corner lot and it became dry and brittle quite quickly.  We had a much nicer experience this year, the lot smelled so fresh, the firefighters were all very friendly and helpful.  I saw trees ranging from $45-$189+.  They also sold nice sturdy tree stands, disposal bags and tree food.  Our Noble Fir is about a week old now and is looking great.  The needles are intact, soft and the tree is a nice shade of green.  We are happy with our purchase.
5	So this is our first Christmas tree experience in Las Vegas. I prefer a live tree, so we started looking around at a nursery nearby. The nursery trees were just nailed down to wood, and they looked so sad, like trees that were being punished. We left looking for another spot to check out more trees.We saw Deerbrook Farm Trees in a lot along Charleston, and it looks very festive. They have an old firetruck outside and a tented area. The smell of the Christmas trees was so lovely I wanted to just hang out there just to be in the forest of trees!And dawdle we did, we looked at every tree in the place, huge trees, small trees, all types! All very alive and all in their own pots of water, very happy trees. I went to many and shook them to see if the needles would fall, many if not most had almost no needle loss. These trees are from Oregon, and are FRESH! Much fresher than the trees we would get in NYC. AND much cheaper and much better selection. They even had Charlie Brown trees( the scarcely tree like trees).The people working at the Deerbrookfarm were so nice, and patient, and answered our questions well. They really seem to be enjoying what they are doing and care about the trees. they were re watering them as we were there...keeping them nice and moist in this desert can't be easy.They attached a stand to the tree, and said we could return with it next year and they would be happy to attach it to our tree next year.And we will be back! This was a great experience and the beginning of a tradition.
4	All the trees were good quality - not dried out and full in shape with a range of different sizes even with a week left to go before Xmas. Was a bit pricey but one expects what you pay for.
5	My husband and I decided that we would get a real tree this year for the first time ever.  After reading the history on Deerbrooke Farm, we decided that we would try them for our first tree.  We went around lunch time on a Tuesday almost 2 weeks ago.  We were the only people there but were immediately greeted.  One of the guys explained the different trees, sizes, quality and everything they had to offer.  There was a huge selection of trees and several guys (firefighters) were getting dozens more ready.  We walked around looking and comparing for about 30 minutes and we were asked several times if we had any questions.  We finally decided on a tree and a couple of the guys immediately came over to help us.  They trimmed the tree down and made sure that we were happy with the overall appearance of it.  We purchased a stand and they put it on the tree while we paid.  Our tree is about 9 ft and with the tree, a stand (that we were told has a life time guarantee) and a tree disposal bag ran us about $120, which we were very happy with.  They tied it down to our SUV and explained that we needed to water it within an hour.  The guy went over a couple more things and wished us a merry christmas.  While looking at trees, there was a couple that came in and was complaining about the prices.  The couple did ask if Deerbrooke carried any cheap trees.  The response was they have fresh cut trees and that if they wanted a "cheap tree, they could find that at home depot.' The response was accurate, humorous and very effective. All of the trees that we saw were reasonably priced for the size and the quality.   Almost 2 weeks later, our tree still looks great.  It sheds a little but not enough to take away from the fullness of our tree.  We recently went back to get a second, smaller tree from them.  We will definitely visit Deerbrooke again!
1	BUY RAT TRAPS WITH YOUR TREE. The Christmas tree we bought last year may have infested our house with RATS!  Our problems started shortly after buying the tree, and lasted for about a month, with little bite marks in our bananas (which I thought was our toddler biting through the skin) and feces all over the floor ( which I thought was droppings from the tree, because we had never had a real tree before and didn't  realize that little black droppings don't come from trees). Once we figured it out we exterminated all of them with shovels, traps, and poison (making for an exciting holiday season while we had guests). I believe my child even got ill (possibly a mild Huntavirus infection) from the amount of feces that was in our kitchen. The exterminators put traps around our house and neighborhood and did not find any other rats in our neighborhood over a period of a couple months, none of our neighbors had problems, no port of entry around our house was found, and the exterminator concluded that they could have come from the tree, where a couple of them were still nesting in the tree skirt.  Marry Christmas
5	5 stars plus!! My family and I went here this evening to purchase our flocked tree.  This particular lot was recommended to us by family friends that have been going here for years and they had rave reviews about Deerbrooke Farms.  First we were immediately greeted by friendly faces that were all eager to help us out.  The lot itself is quaint, well kept and the trees are absolutely fresh and very green... These trees are noticeably fresher, greener and beautiful to look at!  They have a wide selection of trees; from Douglass Firs, nobles, to unique Charlie Brown trees, they have it all.  It all made sense when we found out that the owner actually hand picks most of his trees!!  Once we found our flocked tree the staff continued to provide exceptional customer service.  Pat, one of the guys that works on the lot offered to take a family picture for us in front of our tree... Thanks Pat!  The gentleman that secured our tree to our car was also extremely helpful and did an awesome job!  We also found out that the tree stands they sell are guaranteed by the owner... Did I mention the high quality of trees they sell on the lot?!?!  This place is exceptional... If you're looking to buy a beautiful Christmas tree for your home that your entire family will love, look no further... Deerbrooke Farms Christmas tree lot is the place for you!Make sure you take a camera, there are good photo ops for the family there... Enjoy!
4	Great customer service and a huge variety of trees! And you're supporting local fire departments- can't go wrong there!
5	Great quality selection. Wonderful customer service too :-) we definitely will return next year. Thanks deerbrooke farms
