1	Before I start my review, I must warn the reader that the one star rating is purely relative. The rating is not because the food was too expensive. Rather, I believe that a restaurant that charges this much deserves to be compared against the very best restaurants in the world that charge a similar premium. If I were to compare Nobu to other teppan yaki restaurants such as Benihana or Hamada it would easily receive 4 or 5 stars based on the ingredients used and quality of food alone (for the most part).Originally my plan was to eat sushi and sashimi at Hyakumi, the other Japanese Restaurant at Caesars Palace at 8PM. However, I found out that Hyakumi is now closed for dinner so I went to the Diamond Lounge around 8:15 PM and talked to a receptionist who informed me of Nobu's grand opening. He apologized and said that there is no sushi at Nobu but he could reserve a teppan yaki table for 2 at 11:00 PM. When I walked into Nobu I was a little annoyed to see that there was indeed a sushi bar as well a non-teppan yaki seating. Although this does not (and should not) effect my rating for Nobu (because it is Caesars's fault), I feel like this little tidbit of information is necessary. It is certainly reasonable to think that I may have perhaps approached my experience at Nobu with a bit of negative bias. I personally believe that this is not the case. However, I still urge you to read on with caution. I came into Nobu with pretty high expectations because the Nobu at the Hard Rock in Las Vegas was highly acclaimed and was even adorned with a Michelin Star once upon a time. I went into my meal intrigued as to how a teppan yaki restaurant could receive such high praise, and then I found out that there is no teppan yaki at the Nobu at Hard Rock (go figure). In any case, I sat at my teppan yaki table and had only two tasting choices available for order. There was no a la carte option. I ordered the $280 per person option and the other option was a bit cheaper (I think $190?...I don't remember for certain). Although the sake menu was limited, my taste for dry sake was well met at a very reasonable price ($25). The tasting menu that I ordered offered a variety of different courses including Toro tartare, seared foie gras, Maine lobster tail, wagyu steak, and Jamon de Iberico fried rice. First, the Toro tartare was certainly interesting. It was served in a wasabi based reduction and was essentially chopped up toro (fatty tuna) mixed with a variety of spices and topped with caviar. While good, I still have some reservations regarding this dish. To me, it is a bit pretentious to take toro, chop it up and add caviar on top with some fancy sauce. As they say at the tables, you don't mess with winners. Don't split 10s, don't double down on blackjack, and don't mess with toro. Toro by itself is one of the most delicious foods in the world.Furthermore, the foie gras was overdone. Seared foie gras should undoubtedly melt in your mouth. This foie gras overwhelmingly tasted burnt with a bit of crunch After a couple of chews, the foie gras did ultimately melt. That said, I just could not muster up the courage to tell our table side chef to his face that he had royally messed up the foie gras. One of the weaknesses that teppan yaki opens itself up to is a potential for inconsistency. The lobster tail and the wagyu beef, however, were immaculate, and could not be cooked better. The wagyu beef, cooked medium rare, literally melts after one bite. As for the Jamon Iberico fried rice, I can certainly say that I was disappointed. Jamon Iberico naturally comes cured and is sliced thin and wide. Jamon Iberico should also melt in your mouth because of its marbling. When put on a grill and chopped up, the Jamon turns a bit chewy. The grilled Jamon is still of superior quality when compared to regular ham and I get that the whole point of grilling the Jamon is to extract the fat in order to make the fried rice just that much more savory and delicious. However, the end result is a bit lacking and I am not sure if the added taste to the dish makes up for the compromised texture of the Jamon.As I was eating the fried rice, I decided to order a traditional Japanese garnish, takuan, to accompany my dish. It took a while for it to be served (~10 mins) and when served the takuan was of surprisingly poor quality. At a good Japanese restaurant you expect to be served takuan that is either off white or dark yellow in color. This takuan was bright yellow and cut way too thick. The most troubling thing about this is that takuan is used in sushi. It's simply unacceptable for a restaurant that touts its high quality food to serve such poor quality takuan. I understand that Nobu just opened, however their menu was just a big miss. The only circumstances under which I would recommend Nobu for now is if you are craving Wagyu and you are willing to pony up $280 for you and your guest(s) plus alcohol. Otherwise, forget it.
5	Lucky Las Vegas!! Now you have 2 NOBU's gracing your city! Congrats to Chef Nobu Matsuhisa and his business partner, Robert DeNiro (!!) on their beautiful newest creation..... NOBU at Caesar's Palace, LV!  First, a few fun facts:- The official ribbon-cutting was on February 2, 2013 - Of the 29 NOBU restaurants, this is the largest location worldwide! - The NOBU Hotel, a "boutique hotel" which is next to the restaurant (both in Caeser's) is the first "NOBU Hotel" ever! It has 181 rooms, and even features a number of suites with up to 5 rooms. One of these days, I WILL stay here.... the pics of the rooms are gorgeous...and get this, 24-hour availability to Nobu in-room dining room service. Eeeep! ;)  Now, back to the restaurant. You are greeted with an elegant entryway filled with origami birds overhead. Just past the check-in desk, you get a full glance of the beautiful modern & trendy main dining room filled with artistic lamps that look like floating jellyfish. There is a bar and lounge in the front area, sushi bar on the left side, and then the sea of seats filling the rest of the open & spacious layout. There are a variety of different style of seats to accommodate all different sizes of parties..... small tables for the romantic couples, larger booth tables (both circular and square), and secluded tables (in nest-like booth areas) for more private larger parties. There are also secluded areas for the teppanyaki grill tables. Overall, the atmosphere is warm and inviting, which sets the tone for the amazing food you are about to indulge in.Now, onto the FOOD! Below are the dishes (mostly signature favorites) that me and the hubby had.... Each one was fabulous, and extremely satisfying....!!1) Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno - $28   (a MUST HAVE!)six (heavenly!) thinly sliced pieces of yellowtail, with an even more thinly sliced piece of jalapeno on each. In a light ponzu sauce, and coupled with a piece of cilantro, this combo melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more. This is my FAVORITE dish. I bet 99% of the people who get this are thinking "should I order another round now or later?" as they are finishing off this one ;) 2) Black Cod w/ Miso - $34 (a MUST HAVE!)So succulent & tender....every bite of it literally melts in your mouth! Don't "pass" on this one, thinking once you've had a good black cod, you've had em all. NOPE! This one is amazing & you should believe all the hype about it!! The sauce is light & sweet, and I just have a STRONG feeling you will not be disappointed :) 3) Kumamoto Oysters with Nobu Sauce - $18 (a MUST HAVE!)This comes with 3 oysters, each topped with a different garnishing (maui onion, "las vegas", and jalapeno). If you have a party of 2, I strongly suggest you get 2 orders so that each person can have their "own" trio :) It was super fresh n delicious! 4) Rock Shrimp Tempura - $24 (a MUST HAVE!)OK, so per our server, this signature dish usually comes with either the Creamy Spicy or Butter Ponzu sauce.....but Exec Chef Thomas Buckley (who was brought over from the Miami Beach location) decided to throw in a 3rd sauce choice... Jalapeno! We couldn't decide between the butter ponzu & Jalapeno, so our server offered to bring it out not tossed, but with the 2 sauces 'on the side'. I suggest you do this, as both sauces were amazing and I think you can savor the flavors more with dipping rather than having it mixed in. Served on a bed of micro greens which also tasted good with the sauces. 5) Spicy Miso Chips with Big Eye Tuna - $16This was tasty but I felt that the plum sauce was a bit too sweet and overpowering. Would have loved this if the sauce was more subtle... 6) Pork Belly Miso Skewer - $14If you love pork fat, this is your dish! Comes with 2 skewers of incredibly butter-like pork cubes. Tasty, but again I thought there was a lil too much sauce.  My hubby thought it was delicious though!DessertWe went with one of the most popular picks -- The Bento Box - $15Flourless chocolate cake, with white chocolate sauce, shiso syrup, and house-made green tea ice cream. Delicious and the perfect way to wrap up a wonderful dinner experience. I'm already thinking about when I can go back again. Maybe Nobu will consider his next venue in the Bay Area? SF and San Jose would love one!!!!! :oD !!
5	The Best Ahi and Yellow Tail!
1	let me say  I m a big nobu fan. we visited nobu in london, dubai, LA...this nobu just opened.we called around 4pm to make reservation for 7;30-8;00 they told us they are booked out :-( i was so disappointed so after a while the girl on the phone found a table for 6.so we were a lit bit stressed but ok.when we arrived the restaurant was not busy at all. regarding it is pretty big maybe 8-10??? tables were occupied. so i felt like ok why is this restaurant booked out??????????hosts very nice & cute girlsservice was nice, attentive & ok nothing special what i didnt like was that our server tried to convince us to take the 7 course i think tasting menue for 190$. first of all if a restaurant has so many single items why should i pick a preselected menu??? i dont get it... anyway we ordered some sushi & maki rolls. all very good. but not wowed me for that price 10-15$ i think per roll...sushi ws yummy but overpriced they charge per piece!we ordered the trout it was excellent 28$ our fav dish for that night by far!!!!!!!we had miso soup7$,  edamame 7$ & shrimp tempura both ok not wow  tempura lil bit soggy for my taste not crunchy enough and again way overpriced 28 $ i think i dont know any more dessert bento boxes i had this dish in every nobu but never was so disspointed. the cake was too molten not really baked well. the green tea ice cream sooooooo ridic tiny it fitted on a tiny table spoon. are u kidding me for 15$?????? the 2 blueberries ,1 rasberry just a single joke.we ordered cocktails kumquat something 16$ was goodwe finished around 8;15 with our food & guess what still not packed & overbooked so i have no clue why the girl on the phoe sold us that restaurant as soooo OMG busy on a sunday!!!! nightanyway the bill for 2 was so ridic high that we will not go back. sorry but its vegas   there are so many great restaurants why should i spend $$$ here???? u should overthink it.
2	Alright, when you first walk in, it's definitely got the looks of a hip trendy restaurant to be in. My friends and I walked sat in the lounge area, very classy, high class etc etc.Now the service could have been a little better. They didn't seem to be that busy at the time and it may have been since we were just lounge area guests that we just got overlooked here and there. We even told the server we were in a bit of a hurry but even with that it took about 20 minutes to just get our order in and that was a little on the irritating side. And especially with the price that you pay for this restaurant, the wait staff could definitely be a bit more attentive.Now it took an additional 30ish minutes to get our order out but when it came out, it was a gorgeous presentation with about 4-5 people bringing out the various orders we had.The fish, was definitely fresh and the black cod was to die for but in terms of price to value I think I would still prefer other sushi locales on the strip. I've eaten at other similiar prices venues and great service should be synonymous with such. With better service this could easily be a 4 star review.
5	Nobu Malibu last Friday.Nobu Caesar's Palace this Friday, damn life is good.This is the biggest Nobu restaurant , and the waiter was great but service was a little slow. After waiting a long time between courses we got three dishes within minutes.The tacos are one of our favorites , but they double the price that they are in Malibu, but worth every penny.The food is amazing.Every thing in Las Vegas is expensive, So is Nobu, so spend the money you won't be sorry.Nobu is the best.
5	I took my best friend here for a late birthday celebration, last Tuesday.  With both of us being "foodies" (in the sense that we actually work in the food industry and have high standards in regards to service as well as the food itself...not those self-proclaimed foodies that have too much money to spend and no sense of what good food really is...), we had high expectations for a place that was undoubtedly going to cost $200, at least, for our experience. I say experience because that's what dining out at a place like this should be, not just "a meal someplace".  Anyway, our reservation was at 5:00 on the dot.  We arrived just a few minutes before and was told by the hostess (who was my least favorite part of this whole experience and initially put a bitter taste in my mouth, questioning if I'd made the right choice to dine here) we'd have to "wait 10 minutes", even though we were the first to arrive.  She wasn't my idea of friendly and in my opinion, a weak asset to the restaurant.  Never mind her, though. We were seated just after 5pm (and after several couples who arrived after us) and shortly after Troy, our server, greeted us and took our drink orders.  While our drinks were being made, we were overwhelmed by all of our food options.  Troy returned, asking if we'd like to start with some cold dishes or if we'd like for the chef to send out some of his favorite dishes (perhaps this isn't an option all guests have, but it was one we had, so we went with it - and no, it wasn't the chef's tasting menu that is available on the menu). Our drinks were brought to us by the bartender himself who was quite friendly, chatting with us about my friend's unique choice of beverage (Jameson and cranberry).Troy brought out our first course (of NINE!), which was a yellow tail sashimi dish.  Oh. My. God. AMAZING!! In fact, EVERY dish we had was absolutely incredible. Our dishes started cold and ended hot, just as it should be.  The time in between each course was perfect and just long enough for us to chat and digest and mentally prepare for our next foodgasmic dish. 8 amazing savory dishes later, we were presented with a special dessert plate, which was equally as delicious as the rest of the meal.  If you enjoy truly great food, a beautiful atmosphere, and friendly service (excluding the hostess), I highly recommend Nobu.
5	We really enjoyed our dinner at the LV Nobu.Our server was awesome.  And we had the Omakase.  My favorite would be the Amaaaazing lamb chop and the red miso halibut.  The sushis were pretty good too.We will be back!
4	Pretty classy, even for Caesars Palace, which I was visiting for a conference. We started things off with the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, which was served over ponzu. Spicy and tart! Eel sashimi was also tasty. Definitely recommended if you're hanging out with someone else who can expense it.
5	I'm speechless. Ironically, I have so much to say about this delightful restaurant. This is not Japanese food. Nor is it Peruvian food. Nobu is a cuisine all on its own.Billy, our server, did a phenomenal job explaining the menu with useful information about anything from the exclusive sake one can only find at Nobu or the freshly juiced cucumbers for the pepino cocktail to the specially crafted plateware and utensils designed specifically for Nobu. He was friendly and trustworthy...which is good because we let him choose our menu.I won't list everything we ordered (which is A LOT), but I do want to highlight the stars of the show:- New Style Salmon Sashimi: perfectly fresh, expertly sliced salmon, dusted with sesame seeds, thin julienne of ginger, and splashed with yuzu soy. And then...wait for it....doused with a mixture of hot sesame and extra virgin olive oils. Wow. Just wow.- Blue Fin Oh Toro Tartare with Golden Osetra caviar: Need I say more? The finest part (the belly) of the finest tuna money can buy topped with decadent, salty sturgeon roe. This is all set in a stringent wasabi-soy vinaigrette (which was so good that I slurped it up after the tuna was gone).- Black Cod Lettuce Wraps: We also ordered the famous Black Cod Miso which was, of course, melt-in-your-mouth divine. But the manager also brought this interpretation out for us to try. I must say that THIS preparation is the way to go for such a richly fatty dish. The light herbal freshness of the butter lettuce mellows the unctuous richness of the almost stew-like texture of the fish. The thin slices of ginger cuts through the sweet-saltiness of the miso. I can't say enough about this preparation.- Japanese A5 Wagyu: Cooked on hot stones table side, flambeed with brandy, served with a cracked pepper teriyaki and some seasonal roasted vegetables. I really don't need to say anything else about it. It's true Wagyu: the best beef you can find. Fatty, flavorful, rich. Chef Nobu's genius shines through again by serving it with such an impishly simple, yet perfectly balanced sauce. The veggies were perfectly cooked and delicious as well. Also, the rocks are placed on a bed of kosher salt. I like to take some of that and sprinkle it on the meat for a little added texture and seasoning.- Tempura shrimp roll: simple and perfect. The rice was balanced, chewy and seasoned well. What really stood out in this lovely morsel was the perfectly blanched asparagus: delicate, crunchy and beautiful bright green. I've eaten this roll a thousand times, but never has it been this good.- Finally, we have gotten to dessert. The shaved ice was light as a cloud and the mango and green tea syrups that were served along side were tart, sweet and succulent. The best part about this dish was the little bites of fruit and mochi hidden beneath the surface. It was the kind of dessert that got better with each bite. The bento box, however....HOLY CRAPOLA! Again, I've eaten molten chocolate cake a zillion times, but this one takes the...well...cake? I'm not usually one to rave (or even care much) about dessert, but I've never eaten anything as delicious as this. This is THE best dessert I have ever eaten. White chocolate sauce, white chocolate shiso syrup, green tea ice cream and whatever those cookie crumbles are holding the ice cream in place worked so unbelievably well together.I'm tired of writing. I'm sure you're tired of reading. Go to Nobu. Go there now. You won't be disappointed.
5	Impeccable service to match an equally impressive menu. The menu is full of all of the Nobu's greatest dishes sprinkled with a few new items that are sure to be future favorites. I knew we were in for a treat when we were welcomed at the door by a friendly and professional hostess. And i was not mistaken the 4 Star treatment continued throughout our 3 hour dinner experience! we will definetly be back craving for more!!!
3	Too hyped up. Though the yellow fin sashimi is the best I ever had. Now the issue I have with this....super expensive and you get tiny amount of food. We ordered the lobster taco and well....more like tiny tacos.....so disappointing. The rest of the sushi was ok. Overall it is a very nice place and open..the service was a little slow though.
4	Came here for a quick bite to eat at the bar. Food: yellow tail jalapeno: melts in your mouth, highly recommend $24, 6 piecesrock and roll shrimp tempura: a bowl of shrimp tempura drown in delicious sauce and it had mixed greens at the bottom. this was also 20 something. peach Belini was refreshing and delicious. 5 gulps and it was in my liver for processing. Everything was cooked to perfection if I had more money I would eat here for a meal. our bill came out to be $92 with two drinks too.
1	I've been a fan of many Nobus around the country for years, and this one just doesn't measure up. Will never return - only the one in the Hard Rock for me in Vegas from now on.The biggest problem was the complete and utter gauging that was done to our group of 10. They saw "expense account" and decided to take us for every penny possible. Told us we could go only pre-fix and only have the most expensive items in insane quantities. We've had bigger groups at other Nobus (including Hard Rock) and never encountered anything like this. We wanted a few items that were not part of the set menu and were told we could only have them in addition. After five courses we were filling up and said we didn't want any more and were told that we couldn't eliminate anything - it was all pre-prepared. The sushi is pre-made?! I certainly hope not. At that point the sushi and dessert were still 3-4 courses away- yet we couldnt cancel any of it.The amount of food was disgusting and absurd, and didn't live up to previous Nobu experiences in taste or quality. Many of the people serving us had no idea what they were bringing, what was still coming etc. It was likely over $500 per person and absolutely not worth it - over half was left uneaten, while they brought more and more food. It was absolutely ridiculous and very frustrating. What a horrible waste. They should be ashamed of themselves. And it didn't taste as good as other Nobus on top of the outrageous service. Never again.
1	This place is a Fucking joke the food is garbage and bland 200 dollars for a fucking snack I had to go get dinner after dinner the waitress acts like its the best sushi in the world  it's pathetic I can't believe they built a hotel around this garbage sushi the don't waste your time or money stay away go to the palms around the corner i want to give them a minus if I could they are taking advantage this place is a tourist trap stay away
3	This is supposed to be a new joint venture among celebrities and famous chef according to our friends who wanted to try it out. We arrived shortly after 8pm on a Saturday night and the place was full. We had a big party of 10 people. Some of the Seafood was the freshest I have tasted here in Vegas, however, I still find the price tag do not justify the portion of the food. We had a birthday girl and they were nice enough to provide a dessert of banana ice cream for free, however, it was served long after I told them someone in our party is having birthday today, which was kinda late as the dessert was only served when we were ready to head out after paying the bills.
5	Top to bottom this was the best meal I have had in a long time.  This place has a huge menu, hard not to find something you will like.From the moment we walked in the service was wonderful.  Hostess was friendly and professional and quickly lead us to the table. Our server was wonderful recommending the menu and prompt with our drinks. Everybody that we had contact with was very nice and knowledgeable about the restaurant and menu.   We had the opportunity to try the teppanyaki- this is not your traditional scramble of vegetables, shrimp toss and poorly seasoned teriyaki steak stirfry. No sir, they created a truly memorable experience.   We had shishito peppers cooked in front of us with truffles, yellow tail jalapeno (to die for), Sashimi salad, Sea-bass with cilantro dressing and roasted tomatoes, Kobe beef with Nobu dipping sauces (cooked perfectly and such high quality beef, not the Kobe at the local teppanyaki house), Iberico ham fried rice, grilled vegetables with red onion salsa, Tempura king crab (the sauce is so good), Miso soup and Japanese whiskey cappuccino for dessert. I can not wait to go back!
5	Best sushi I've ever had. Dining here for us was a happy accident.  We had originally gone to a place we had a travel zoo voucher for only to find that it had shut down. We got right in at Nobu without a reservation and sat at the Sushi bar. It was very cool to watch the sushi chefs at work. We had the yellowtail sashimi which was very good. Normally, I wouldn't touch sashimi, but this is Nobu and nothing here will disappoint. My husband and I shared 4 sushi rolls and that was plenty of food. Excellent service. The only thing is that it is quite crowded and loud in there, but still a great place for a very nice dinner.
5	Easily the best Sushi I've ever had.  The Red Snapper was an amazing experience.
5	amazing food and amazing staff!
5	Yum!!! My friend and I shared the Black Cod Miso and the Shrimp and Lobster with spicy lemon. Both of these dishes were amazing but I especially loved the lemon sauce from the shrimp and lobster dish. So delicious! The cod was of course tender, and melted in your mouth with amazing flavors, but the lemon sauce stole the show!! For dessert we shared the bento box which included a delicious decadent chocolate lava type cake and home made green tea ice cream. We also shared a banana dessert that was very good. Warm bananas in a spring roll with pralines and praline ice cream. I loved the way the restaurant was decorated, it reminded me of a restaurant in NY. Which makes me very excited thinking about what the hotel rooms will look like! This was a great experience all around. Amazing food, friendly and knowledgeable staff and beautiful atmosphere made my visit to Nobu the highlight of my vegas trip this past weekend!
4	I was with a group of 7 other guys and we thought we'd try Nobu on the eve of my buddy's 30th birthday.It started off as a "minus" experience because the restaurant misplaced our reservation, despite me walking up to the hostess the previous day and making it in person.  But, they seated us right away in the lounge area, so no harm, no foul.The ambience was great... the larger-than-expected restaurant had a modern/Japanese vibe.  The service was as to be expected for one of Chef Nobu's restaurants.  Our waitress was knowledgeable and our courses arrived at a perfect pace.As for the food... it was nothing short of fantastic.  Having not eaten at a Nobu restaurant before, every dish was a treat.  We all opted for the prix fixe menu.  At $125 it was expensive, but Drew only turns 30 once, so what the heck.  There was a good mix of cold and warm dishes, as well as a few non-fish items.  While it was a great overall meal, I doubt I'd pay that much for that meal again.    Pros:  Food.  Service.  And food.Cons:  Price.
4	I have been wanting to eat at Nobu since I first learned about the NY location when I was in high school.  Now, my age has doubled and I still never thought I would get to try it.  My dad was here for NAB in April and in front of him, Eric R. surprised me: for my birthday we had a staycation reserved at Nobu Hotel and Nobu Restaurant!!!  I was beyond excited - supposedly we got "preferential seating" if we were hotel guests, but I never figured out what that meant.The restaurant entrance is right next to the Nobu Hotel lobby, so it was easy to get dressed up and walk to the front.  We were seated immediately in the back of the restaurant, very close to another 2-top where we could easily hear the next party's conversation, so we were forced to chat with them sometimes.  Service was very slow, though our server was nice, we were surrounded by huge round tables with parties of 6 or more and it was hard for us to get his attention at all.  Eric R. had whiskey and 7, and I got the cracked basil cocktail with soju, yuzu juice, and pink peppercorns, tasty but tiny for $16.Since this is a once-in-a-lifetime meal, we decided to order for ourselves rather than do Omakase.  The server suggested we do cold dishes, then hot, then sushi, then dessert.  We started with 2 cold dishes: yellowtail tartare with caviar, and beef new-style sashimi.  When the tartare arrived, it was doused in wasabi-soy dressing, very overpowering and not noted on the menu.  Eric was able to eat most of the top part that was not sitting in the dressing, and I ate the rest.  The server tried to convince us to order another one without sauce - no way!  The new style sashimi was amazing - thinly sliced beef topped with chive and sesame, seared by hot sesame oil accompanied by yuzu juice and soy.  It was so good that the ladies next to us then ordered it.Our next course was hot: black cod miso and nasu (eggplant) miso.  They came together, perfectly flavored.  The cod was delicate and the eggplant skin crispy but soft inside.  Our third course, sushi, was ordered in 3 increments: toro scallion maki, nigiri: hamachi belly, salmon belly, scallop, saba with kelp, amaebi with fried head, ikura, fluke, uni, anago, big eye tuna, temaki: yellowtail jalapeno, negihama, salmon skin with avocado.  The big eye was sooo fatty and amazing.  All of it was amazing actually!  Fresh and delicate, served with tart yuzu soy.  Lastly, we ordered the banana harumaki for dessert (banana, dulce de leche in spring roll with passionfruit sauce) - it came out with a candle and Happy Birthday scripted in chocolate!The next morning we did Nobu in-room dining for breakfast.  I had zosui (rice soup with tofu, mushroom, egg) and Eric R. had the breakfast okonomiyaki (with egg batter Osaka-style).  It was very good.  I really enjoyed my special birthday staycation meals and if I ever went back to Nobu I would sit at the sushi bar for sure!
2	This place LOOKS really awesome...andddd okay, I'm done with the PROs. In all fairness, I am NOT a sushi/fish person. I was with a party of 8 and I simply got outvoted (even though it was my birthday weekend, funny how that worked now that I think about it...)Anyways, here were my MAJOR issues (not enough time or space to list them all):-I found our waitress to be very aloof, verging on unfriendly. -RIDICULOUSLY overpriced!...and I've been to Atlantis, so overpriced food does not scare me, but I expect it to at least be decent.-I had to limit my dining choices to non-fish entrees, which was not easy, but I did manage to find some things....--Tempura asparagus...they brought it out to me and there were TWO PIECES ON MY PLATE!!!!! OMFG, TWO, 2, DOS? Seriously?! I was done right there, but no, I had to keep going. My friend that was with me owns a fine dining catering company and worked at The Ritz, so I know when even HE says something is a rip off, it's BAD. In fact, our table was going on and on about it SO much that I think they must have overheard us, because they didn't charge me for it.--Next, I ordered 2 Wagyu tacos. Now, she told me they were small. Okay, cool, I'm thinking like street taco size-ish. I am NOT being hyperbolic when I say they were the SIZE OF MY PINKY FINGER!!!!!!! I held it up against my finger to take a photo of it!!! And the best part...THIRTEEN DOLLARS EACH!!!!!!!! And you had to order a minimum of 2.--By this time, you would like I'd just stop eating and cut my losses, but no. I ordered a chicken kabob and a steak kabob. The chicken was overcooked and dry and the steak was so UNDER cooked that I think I heard it moo...blood was oozing. Gross. --Their beers were TINY and $10 each. Ouch. Okay, now wanting to be fair, here are my husband's thoughts...a sushi pro:-Overpriced, but expected.-4 of the other people in our group gave a "price point" of $75 a person and said, serve whatever you want to us...he liked that.-Their "signature" dish of black cod with miso was very delicious & succulent, everything else was "fine"-Annoying that it was being split between 4 people and they continuously gave portions of 5 or 6. Either give 4 or 8! How hard is that?!...it was like they wanted to start a brawl. -Wouldn't need to return, but don't regret going.That about sums it up.
5	The best sushi.The End.
5	It's midday in Las Vegas where hoards of fast-moving passersby armed with colored bonglike glassware roam the streets. It's like a sci-fy movie set in the future.On the corner in front of Bally's are impersonators...Zach Galfanikis holding a baby, Gene Simmons in his Kiss getup, and a life-sized Hello Kitty. I want to punch them all.All hope is gone. I need an 18 year old, some vicodin, and respite from this madness.Eighteen year-old Scotch, that is. I wander over to Caeser's sports book to kill time before the Preakness, but the glassware people are everywhere. I duck into the nearest restaurant hoping to find solace from these curious assholes.And there it was.A sanctuary in the midst of it all...Nobu's at Ceaser's.The server was a nice young man who resembled that creepy shit from American Pie...the one desperate to abduct Tara Reid's panties on prom night. That's all I kept thinking about throughout lunch. My prom. Well, that and Becky Deluca's sudden onset of virtue, not Tara's panties.Five Asahi drafts and one ceviche later, I was prepared to face the madness once again. The bill was close to a Franklin, but I wasn't bothered. The ceviche was a visual extravaganza, its flavor and texture even better. The draft Asahi was nothing short of nectar, a gift from the barley gods. And the server? While creeping me out, he was more attentive than a black man at a Klan rally.Becky must be in her mid forties by now. Probably wearing those giant, white cotton panties and mom jeans. I bet she and her husband sport colored glassware when they hit the mean streets of Vegas.Nobu's Ceaser helped me find center when I needed it most.Mylute paid $5.20 to show. I had $200 across the board on him.Be wary of the bong people when in Vegas.Fuck you Becky.
5	Simply the finest sushi restaurant around.  Troy was our waiter and was awesome. Gotta try the sushi tacos!
2	Sushi is my fave food. I tend to try different restaurants, in different cities to see how well they each match up. I decided to try Nobu at Caesars. I had just got married and my husband & I were in the mood for sushi. As we approached the ambiance was great. It was tucked into the forum shops and in the middle of the hotel. One of the hostess was pretty much a straight up bitch. Sorry honey if you dont like your job or kids, but you can quit. We had our 2 year old with us and had her in her stroller. She was rude in the sense in telling us, not really asking, but telling us to fold up our stroller and leave it at the front. My husband did not want to do that, so we didn't.Our waitress, I forget her name, she was really cool. Very helpful in explaining the menu and recommended a few items. We settled on a few different pieces of sushi as well as cut and handrolls.Our dish was brought out on a large platter and boy was I disappointed. The only rolls that were really cut into normal sizes, was my husbands spider roll. The others were just way too small and so not worth the price. For what we paid, I expected more. I realize this is a trendy spot, but so not worth it for the overpriced sushi and rolls.
5	One of the, no joke, top ten meals of my life.  This review is brief because I don't really know all of WHAT I ate, but what I can say is this:* If you have a group, this is an amazing place to come.  They have large, 10 person, knights of the round-esque tables with rotating bezels for the different plates.  You can spin them around and share everything really easy this way.  Table size is perfect, too, because you can easily talk to every person in your group.* Sake is a great play; easy to share, lot of unique (I think? what the hell do I know) varieties.* If you have a group, they'll recommend a sort of "chef menu" thing where your server just brings a bunch of plates out in phases that accommodate your budget.  Our group said $100-$150 a dude (without drinks) and we had a perfect meal.  Everyone left full, we tried way more dishes than we would have if we were ordering ad-hoc, and there was no headaches splitting up the bill.Our group dinner was broken up into a few phases: 1) ceviche plates, 2) hot plates, 3) tacos, 4) sushi, 5) dessert (on the house since they had a little wine snafu).  The favorite thing I ate was probably the different ceviches; the salmon one was particularly good.  Really tasted different than a normal sushi or salmon dish, which I think are generally kind of boring.  The beef taco was also really damn good, but I do agree that -- if I was ordering piecemeal -- it's way on the expensive side.All in all, Nobu, for me, lived up to all the hype.  Usually these mega-restaurants from top tier chefs are solid but not amazing.  In this case, everything I ate was unique, well executed, and delicious.  Table was perfect. Restaurant was cool.  Service was great.  That's all you can really ask for when you are paying for a premium meal.
5	I am a huge fan of Nobu.My favorite location is still in Malibu - but I've been to the locations in NY, both Vegas locations, Bahamas, Malibu, Dallas, Los Angeles and San Diego. My dream still includes hitting the Tokyo Nobu and the Monte Carlo Nobu...This location is new - anytime I was in Vegas, I would hit the Hard Rock location and it was awesome. It's smaller, more intimate in nature and the servers are hot and usually have accents.. (a plus)This location is great for larger parties though, we had 60 people in our group and they had a room that accommodated us nicely.  Huge round tables with "lazy susans" were situated in partiality secluded nooks that were open to the center of the room where more rounds and one long table were setup. This allowed us all to move around and mingle but kept the over all noise level down. It was both a big party and an intimate one. They also have a dining room for dates and small groups that has some great nooks and intimate little areas to talk and be with that special someone over some sake and sashimi..  The bar is very cool and they have some awesome cocktails to try. I had something I  loved but unfortunately, I cannot remember the name of it.. it has an orchid on it though and is served in a martini glass.. so describe that if you love sweet drinks with a little bite!My favorites remain the same:Yellow tail with japapenoBlack codSashimi Tacosand the Kobe on a hot rockSee you there!
2	"Meh" pretty much sums it up in an as not-snobby way as possible, though it's Yelp and "meh" reviews of triple cash money places ALWAYS sound snobby, so... well... shit.This restaurant is ENORMOUS and thus is pretty cavernous on a weekday night at 9pm, which is when we went. As a two-top we were made to wait for 20 minutes at the bar for a lounge table even though the lounge area was only half full and the table at which we were eventually seated was open when we walked in. Meh.We ordered the omakase (125 bones for the "Chef's Selection" version - there's a longer tasting menu for 175). The first four courses were all sashimi salads. In order: tuna with yuzu soy sauce, seared salmon belly with miso crumble and yuzu soy sauce, hamachi with cilantro, jalapeno and yuzu citrus glaze, sea bass with miso, crispy garlic and yuzu olive oil. ALL YUZU EVERYTHING. The fish was very high quality, but by the fourth course I think my citrus taste buds had punched in their overtime and gone home. Meh.A waiter then brought us a fine-looking plate of tuna sashimi, which our server had to unceremoniously repossess a few minutes later, as it was not part of the omakase and delivered by mistake. We were told that a sushi plate was to follow later. Meh.The fifth and sixth courses were the Nobu signature miso-glazed sea bass with grilled asparagus, which was excellent, and a definitely not-medium-rare steak teppanyaki with enoki mushrooms, which was just okay - "meh" if you will. The seventh course was puzzling, a bowl of jalapeno-mayonnaise glazed rock shrimp that appeared like an appetizer pulling up fashionably late to the meal progression. We didn't finish it.The promised sushi plate arrived as the eighth course, in the form of spicy tuna rolls. MEEEHHH.Fortunately the dessert was great. Flourless molten chocolate cake, fresh fruit and four flavors of mochi ice cream. It was uniformly awesome.250 for dinner for two before tax, tip and drinks is not outlandish in Vegas but no one could or should call you snobby for expecting more out of a restaurant that looks this impressive and bears the Nobu brand name.#meh
3	i only tried 3 dishes in this time....Price is expensive and the food is soso.black cod is goodsushi is good but soy sauce is too saltythe sauce for sashimi salad is too salty too.$180 i think i can have better food in other place.
5	The service here is impeccable. Our waiter walked us through the menu and how Nobu intended his patrons to enjoy the food. The food was stellar as well. Now although I gave it 5 stars the price is definitely something that would bring my rating down. However the food was that good, just wish there was more of it for the price we paid. Apparently it was a quieter day in the restaurant, as our buser informed us, but it was just perfect for us...a couple who want to be able to hear ourselves when we have a conversation.Now we did have some complaints, water being spilled all over my husband's feet as the buser was trying to refill water glasses at the table next to us, bones found in our fish dish. Our waiter apologized profusely for all those matters. But that was it.
4	I love this restaurant. The whole atmosphere is chic, modern and sophisticated. I was really excited to try another one of Matsuhisa's resturants and Nobu was a great choice for a romantic dinner with cocktails.If you're looking for something energetic and lively, I would recommend getting reservations. I couldn't get a break in that they only had resrvations at 5:00 PM! go figure. I guess this place is the place to go right now.However, if you sit by the bar, you'll get these wide spacious booths, very intimate lighting. Comfortable and good for conversation. The food, if you've been to any of the other Nobu franchise is pretty much identical. If you're a fan of Uni, the tempura Uni was very fresh, prefectly battered but still sashimi inside! Genious! The tobanyaki was also very tender and well marinated, flavored simply but nourishing. All the sushi was cut razor perfect, low grain. High quality of course. Only downer was some of the wait staff seemed a bit spacy. Kept asking for water and additonal cocktails, and had to remind them a few times. ( Was not packed in the bar area ,,, soo... what gives?? ) Still a great evening. Good place to hit up if you don't mind throwing down some cash.
3	rock shrimp all night long.....
4	The now 4-6 month new Nobu in CP!! The largest one open in the country.... yay! We landed reservations after our show at the Mirage. Walking around and enjoying the leisure stroll was just perfect before our 10PM dinner.Impressive!!!! Kind of steals your breath away to see  how Chef Matsuhisa has fashioned his newest restaurant in the Empire (of the Rising Sun.. hehe). My Food&Wine mag arrived last month, and I brought it along with me for reading. His easy teriyaki recipe was being featured, and how perfect that I was now happening upon some awesome fish!!Salivation commence.We took the reco of our Japanese server (cutie pie, with Japanese lilt) and ordered as she suggested: the hamachi sashimi with ponzu, jalapeno and cilantro. Heavenly. perfect balance. awesome. 5 or 6 petite slices. $28. we'd do it all over again and get another one (yah, right... only if we had won the jackpot).Next we moved onto a lightly battered tempura rock shrimp size bowl with a spicy cream sauce over a bed of rocket. Though nicely battered and delicate, we didn't care too much for it. Better to have stuck to more raw stuff. Which we didn't...As our next dish was the famed hamachi kama. Course I did enquire about the MP for the toro kama. OUT! Not in from the fish market (Tsukiji?). so no go (no worries: we both still got to experience our first O Toro in roll form).It was SOO DARN GOOD we just kept at it. The flavor... was awesome. Nice deep grill flavor, fish around the collar was super duper tasty, and fresh, firm, yummy. And with fresh young ginger to rinse off the palate in the form of slender pink sticks (harajiki), it was too good.Then the masterpiece: a complete 6-8 piece cut roll of O Toro.. the mighty blue fin! Did we feel some guilt? yes, we did. But did it melt and just sit like silk on the tongue?!! WHY YES IT DID!loved the dinner. Experience and ambiance a sure hit. Solid, fresh,Japanese food cooked right.PS A long Chef's Table exists. spotted it when headed to the washroom.
5	Now I understand why so many people are so crazy about Nobu. What a dining experience! I'm not just talking about the food. I mean, if a restaurant has 20 something locations all over the world, it's a sure proof that the food is there. I was more impressed by my experience overall. Impeccable service along with unique ambiance, dining at Nobu will open your eyes to a whole another world of fine dining.As soon as you walk into the restaurant, sole size of the restaurant itself will surprise you. Then, you'll be awed by origami decorations above the hostess stand, or stylish lounge areas of the restaurant. Ambiance of this restaurant is very unique. It's not as uptight as other fine dining restaurants, but just luxurious enough to impress. We started with some cocktails (two of us), yamazaki sidecar for me and champagne 95 for her. Both drinks were strong, which is perfect! more the merrier :) both cocktails were excellent.We had shishito peppers to start with, and they were perfect appetizers. Fried crispy and with a spicy kick, they certainly had our appetites going. We had shrimp kushiyaki (skewers) in anticucho sauce, and they were delicious! Anticucho, as explained by our server, is Peruvian chili that Chef Nobu began to use for his cooking back in his days in Peru. It had very unique flavors, and we both loved it. Next item on agenda was Nobu's famous black cod miso, which was outstanding! I'm usually not a big fan of broiled fish, but miso-glazed black cod certainly changed my perspective on that. In To top it all off, we had beef tobanyaki, which is beef tenderloin cooked in a stone pot with mixed mushrooms and vegetables. This was certainly the highlight of the meal, as tenderloin was cooked so perfectly and sauces used complemented the tenderloin so well.I can say dining at Nobu was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I'll certainly be back.
4	My husband and I ate here before going to see Absinthe (which I highly recommend!). We were basically wandering around Caesar's and just came in without knowing much about the food. We'd had a late lunch at Holsteins and wanted something a little lighter.I had a lychee martini, which was very good. We also ended up ordering the lobster ceviche, black cod miso, and some tuna skewers, I believe. Each dish was presented by a different person, who would instruct you on the best way to enjoy the dish.The meal was surprisingly good - just be prepared for very small portions! It was definitely not a very filling meal, and pretty expensive. Overall, though, we really enjoyed eating here!
4	Been curious about this restaurant for a while. Was a beautiful dining room and good food, but not ultra amazing for me.Food: 4, Atmosphere: 4.5, Service: 3Cost to worth it rating: 2.5 (didn't find quality to be miles above other Japanese restaurants to warrant the pricing)Return worthiness: maybeEve award: best fancified shave iceHighlights:- Big portions: expected tiny plates for the tasting menu, but the portions were really large. Started with 3 huge pieces of white tuna - Shaved ice: huge mound of airy shaved ice with fruit, jellies, mochi and tofu ice cream hidden below. Tofu ice cream had a firmer texture that was a nice contrast to the delicate ice above it. 2 sauces were provided to pour over: green tea and passion fruit. Surprisingly the hit of the night - Variety of sashimi: 3 different preparations and 6 in the nigiri set- Decor: loved the modern, lively, open feel to it with bursts of color- Flourless chocolate cake: I've had a lot of these, and this was an excellent rendition. Warm and melty inside with a bit of a crunchy exterior layer. Appreciated the Asian flair in the bento box presentation and green tea ice cream pairing.- Not all have to tasting menu: like this as it makes ordering easier especially with the non-seafood eating hub- Cocktails: fun menu--we tried a fewMidlights:- Service: hard to catch our waiter Lowlights:- Undercooked miso cod: this is a signature dish, so was very disappointing. It had a gummy texture and didn't flake off like it should.Had a good meal here but not sure I'd race back.
2	Hostess team was weak and disorganized. We had a reservation, restaurant was not at capacity and it was early by Vegas standards.  The delay appeared to be related more to their disorganization than demand or to orchestrate the allure of the restaurant.  I actually witnessed a hostess advise an older patron that she would need to leave her walker at the front door due to space.  Hmmm...how many different levels of dumb does that bring to mind?The wait staff was good but we did not have the consistency of 1 server.  That offered confusion and delays at times.  They were all knowledgeable and helpful.The food was good but not worth all the effort to get to Caesars.  This was not the experience I expected from Nobu or had at other Nobu restaurants.  I would not recommend or go again when in Vegas.
3	It's a gorgeous restaurant,  no doubt about it, and the food was good, but it was just so dang pricey for what we got I can't say I was a totally happy camper. After deciding to say no to the 2+ hour wait for the Bacchanal Buffet, my two friends and I went roaming about Caesar's Palace for something more suitable. We saw the inviting environs of Nobu and thought a semi-fancy dinner would be OK. We were seated right away, which was great, and looked over the menu while soaking in the cool modern artsy asian ambiance. Good thing we weren't that hungry, otherwise the damage would've been greater. We got an order of their Yellowtail Jalapeno appetizer, two orders of the Black Cod Miso with the lettuce cup preparation for easier sharing, and Beef skewers with the Anticucho sauce. I THINK we also got the chicken skewers too but now I can't remember. At any rate, everything was delicious; I'm not saying anything was bad, but we each ended up paying almost $50 (with tax and tip) for these little nibblies. The worst was the black cod miso--you get three measly bites per order, so that was $68 for two bites/per person, wow. Maybe I'm a Philistine when it comes to fine dining, but this stuck in my craw (har har).  My only other experience at a Nobu was at the West Hollywood one during Dine LA and that was a great deal, so now I know that this just isn't the place for me at regular prices. Live, eat, and learn.
1	THIS PLACE WAS BY FAR THE WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS. EVER. ALL OF US HAD A HORRIBLE TIME because the waiter/server made it ALL BAD. POINT BLANK PERIOD.Their biggest problem... WAITERS/SERVERBut let's go through food first. Don't order multiple dishes w YUZU sauce, YUZU.. anything. You're tummy will hurt.1. Yellowtail sashimi with Jalapeno w YUZU sauce. It's WAYYY TOO SOUR. YUZU is sour, but I think they could have done something, so that sourness was tamed. NOT worth $28. You can get great yellowtail, elsewhere for cheaper. And the slices were so freakin' thin. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??!2. beef, pork... skewers. These were actually really great, especially the pork. Very tasty. it's $$$$ for the price, but if you're there to dine, try it. 3. Tasmanian Ocean Trout w Crispy Baby Spinach and Yuzu soy. Good, but again, it's very small portion for $28... more trout please. where was my trout? did we get any trout? 4. Tamago. THE WORST TOMAGO EVER. IT's like salty sweet egg floury cake. NOT TOMAGO. it's more like cake-textured. Tasted AWFUL! NOT WORTH $8. It looks pretty because they "stamp" NOBU on it. BUT you're there to dine w your tummy, too. Not just your eyes. 5. Beef Tenderloin - Toban-yaki. not worth $36. Tasted blah, and portion is def not $36. and we ordered couple more dishes.. but I don't recall..Here's the SERVER/WAITER issue:If you're restaurant is a FAB restaurant w dishes that are $$$$$, watier/server should not be SELLING YOU or PUSHING YOU to get dishes. Our server/waiter kept pushing us to get all these dishes rather than... recommending. He KEPT saying we should order duplicate dishes when our group wanted a taste of different dishes. He pushed us so much, we got way too many YUZU incorporated dishes... and it was SO TART, SO SOUR... it ruined our appetite. We spent almost 2.5 hours just saying NO...We were asked "ARE YOU SURE?" so many times.. I lost count. Had the service been a little better... we'd enjoyed our meal.We went to Nobu because of all the hype surrounding it. But I was thoroughly disappointed. Will not be making another stop ever again. Thanks, but not thanks. Too expensive, too little food, too blah, too pushy...
5	Wow! One of the best dinners ever! We had a wonderful meal at Nobu Beverly Hills, but the new place at Caesar's topped that by a mile. The restaurant is an interior designer's dream, which is topped only by the food. Our server was extremely helpful with menu suggestions. We look forward to our next visit.
4	My mother-in-law wanted to eat there after seeing an article.We had the Lobster Tempura, Yellowtail Jalapeno, Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura, Edamame, a Lobster Taco, a King Crab Taco, Chilean Sea Bass, Beef Toban-Yaki, Teriyaki Beef, and Assortment of Mochi Ice Cream.The Ice Cream was not good. No one at the table liked it.  The two tacos weren't worth the $19 that we spent on them.  They were the size of a cocktail frank, and a complete waste of money.For me the best item was the Yellowtail Jalapeno.  Very good.  My wife and mother in law aren't sushi people and I forced them to try it.  They both loved it and wanted more, too bad I ate it all.
1	I am ok with expensive sushi. I am not ok with insanely priced sushi that is priced by the piece (that is, one not two pieces when you order at the sushi bar) and comes with unimpressive service. They brought the hand towels mid way through our meal, did not remove used plates, overcharged us on our bill, and gave us attitude at no extra charge. Six pieces of not amazing sushi and two tiny beers cost $99. Just not worth it!
5	Eating at Nobu has spoiled me, and has set the bar high for expectations for future dining experiences in Vegas!  Four of us went to Nobu with the intent of "going all out", trying some of their best dishes, and we were not disappointed.The atmosphere of the restaurant is fairly casual, not cramped, and the decor is simple and warm.  There are perfect settings for larger groups or intimate dining experiences.Something that made our experience so enjoyable was our server, who provided some great recommendations after we told him what type of dining experience we were after.  He was also able to provide us with some equivalents to some favourite dishes from Nobu in SanDiego.Favourite dishes, in no particular order:1.  Wagyu beef- we ordered 10oz, and although quite pricey, totally worth every penny.  The presentation at the table, of the beef on hot rocks and flambeed at the table was followed by the most melt-in-your-mouth beef you'll try this side of Japan!2.  Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno- I might have to use melt-in-your-mouth many times during this review.... the yellowtail was so delicious and included 6 pieces on the plate.  Although not a large portion, each little bite was satisfying!3.  Rock Shrimp Jalapeno- the sauce on the rock shrimp was so flavourful, with a slight spiciness to it. It was served over greens which were perfect for getting the last its of the sauce from the serving dish.4.  Black Cod Miso-  this perfectly cooked fish falls apart at the slightest touch, and is infused with the wonderful, slightly salty miso flavour.Other dishes that were quite good included the red snapper***, and the seafood soup.  The only dish that was disappointing was the salmon belly*** which was the waiter's recommendation as it is a favourite dish at Nobu.  It wasn't as good as the yellowtail or snapper, and it seemed way overpriced at $50 for 6 pieces.We did order some sushi rolls, which kind of seemed unnecessary after the other indulgences we had just had, and they weren't anything special compared to other good sushi restaurants.Some reviewers balk at the Nobu prices, but I think people need to consider what they're looking for before they head to Nobu.  If you're looking for high quality food, tastefully presented, and a high end atmosphere, then the price is worth it... maybe only once a year though!
5	Nothing short if amazing! This food was SO delicious and fresh. I thought I tried everything and I guess not. I can't remember his name but there was an el salvadorian sushi chef there and he was so creative I told him things I like and he just handed me dishes he thought I would like and they were all yummy!! You have to try the flourless lava cake....to die for!!
5	A-maz-ing. All I can say. Have waited years and years to go to Nobu, and we were finally able to on our honeymoon to Vegas. We let them know when we made the reservation it was the highlight meal of our honeymoon, so I think we got a very experienced waiter as a result. He walked us through everything and was beyond helpful. He had been with Nobu for over 8 years. We decided to order a few things off the menu. We started with the yellowtail jalepeno cold dish appetizer. Flavors were amazing. The salmon skin salad was also divine. My husband was nuts for the beef tenderloin toban-yaki. The only thing we ordered that I wasn't crazy about was the sea bass jalapeno tempura. I found it to be a little bland. But the amazingness of everything else overshadowed that. I'm not sure if I'll ever get to go back, but it definitely lived up to my expectations!
5	by far the best japanese food i have had here in the states other then in Japan itself....waitress was very friendly and helpful.  My wife and i got the Omakase Nobu specialties and the 6 courses we received were amazing!  They even had Anago which i have only been able to have in Japan and it was very close to what i ate in Japan.  Would come back here again, price doesnt matter, well worth it.  thanks again Nobu Las Vegas for an awesome 5 year wedding anniversary dinner!
1	$24 for 3 tiny oysters and $44 a bottle for hot sake?!?!  No thanks, I'll pass. Go to Social House at the City Center and do the tasting menu there.  So much better!
4	I've always been a big fan of Nobu. My favorite is still the one in NYC however the Vegas one was pretty good too. It was my first experience sitting at the sushi bar and I enjoyed it very much. The sushi bar chefs were all extremely friendly and quick at taking my order.I found out after I ordered that there are certain appetizers that you can get half portions of. Everything was fresh and the dessert was excellent. I got the shaved ice and it was much bigger than I expected. I would recommend sharing.
2	Don't get me wrong with my two star rating at a famous, highly rated restaurant. I really wanted to believe the hype, but it failed to impress me.The food was good. The fish was very high quality. I had the $125 chef special omakase with 6 courses and everything tasted fine. But that's just it. It was ONLY fine and not mind blastingly delicious. It was merely satisfactory and I don't feel the cost was justified. For two of us, it was nearly a $400 dinner including two glasses of wine plus tip. So I expected to walk away like, "Holy cow! That was more incredible than the Hulk!" But instead it was more like, "Ehhhhhh it was good but I wouldn't go again." I don't mind spending money for an amazing and memorable meal. I truly am a person that lives to eat. But I've had omg-so-effing-good-must-serve-at-my-own-wedding food for less than $10 too. So for $400, I want exceptionally outstanding food. I understand you also pay for the service, ambience, quality, and even the name too but I just didn't buy into it all... Maybe it's overrated. Maybe I'm being too critical. Maybe a little bit of both. But bottom line, Nobu is a no-go for me.
5	Love the decor and the lounge area near the bar. Very attentive. Love the miso cod and bento box dessert like most people here. Best thing was the spicy martini although the waiter said every cocktail was great (my fellow diners disagreed).
5	Awesome meal last night. Waiter Marcus did a wonderful job putting together selections for Karen and me. The Black cod was wonderful, rock Shrimp tempura bowl, and ceviche both fabulous!  She loved the matsu martinis (2)!!!!
5	This is probably one of my favorite restaurants of all time! The food is amazing! I never get disappointed when I dine here. A few of my favorite dishes are the yellowtail jalapeno, mushroom salad, spicy tuna roll, black cod miso and the bento dessert box. The chocolate cake in the bento box is to die for, literally. It's quite pricey here but for the quality and experience, it's well worth it and sometimes you need to treat yourself. Don't be cheap if you go here, enjoy yourself and try some new things that you have never tried before. The staff is all really nice and knowledgeable. The restaurant is HUGE and the decor is beautiful. Everyone must dine here at least once in their lifetime!
5	I can not wait to go back!! =D Absolutely LOVE this place from the ambiance to the food to the service!!!! Everything was AMAZING!!! Make sure to try the king crab in the ponzu sauce and for dessert get the shaved ice cream (kinda like the korean paht bing soo)!
3	Ate here in july while at a conf. The food is very good, but the service was not good. Our waiter was almost useless. Sorry, I know you have high standards, but this guy could have cared less that we were there. I think the big thing was he tried to up sell us on a Chef platter, and we said no we would like to pick our own meals not the chef. So after that he went cold. The food is very tasty. I would recommend it and will be back. I just hope I have another waiter. I have a shell fish and gluten allergy and they were easy to work with.
2	I was not very impressed with Nobu. It took FOREVER for the waiter to get us a menu, order us a drink, and not to mention the prices are not really worth what you get. I was getting so fed up with how slow it was going, I was about to go across the hall to the steak house! When we finally got service, he was nice enough. Told us about the menu when he realized we had never been there before, and explained how it usually worked. We ordered sushi, which again, was OK, but not fantastic as I was expecting. I think some of the other people at our table had a slightly better experience, but I'll stick to what I know with food and that more expensize doesn't always mean better.
5	Probably the best japanese restaurant I've been to. Sushi was top notch, all the chefs are Japanese which is a good sign. The umami seabass was amazing. Super pricey
5	Was here with a party of 8.  Asked them to serve us up an arrangement of their finest food...they delivered!  Salmon & tuna dishes were amongst my favorites.
4	The food here was absolutely amazing.We came here on a Saturday evening without a reservation but we were able to snag a seat at the bar.We started off with cocktails, I got the lychee martini and my boyfriend had the cucumber martini.  I think my martini was pretty average but his was delightful.  It had a hint of lychee in it as well and was really refreshing.  This was our first time here and we were not sure what to order, but our bartender was very helpful.  We started off with his first recommendation which was the Yellowtail with Jalapenos.  I was very hesitant at first because I dont like jalapenos unless they are pickled and on my nachos.  The combination of the yuzu sauce, jalapeno and cilantro on the fish was perfect.  The order came with 6 small pieces and my boyfriend and I were pretty sad that it was all gone.  Next we had the shrimps with spicy garlic.  Absolutely amazing, the shrimps were plump and huge and it came with mixed veggies.  I normally dont eat veggies but we cleaned up this dish.  I kept drowning my veggies in the sauce, it was super good and not too garlicky where our breaths were bad.  After this we got the new style salmon.  This normally comes in a filet but the bartender had it sliced into small pieces for us to share.  Again, very very good.  I even found the recipe online and am going to try to make it at home soon.  Finally, after all of this I was still hungry, so our bartender recommended the black cod miso.  They came out lettuce wrapped style.  Very tasteful and crunchy.Service here was very good.  Out bartender kept checking up on us, he even gave us complimentary pineapple martinis and training chopsticks for me since he saw I was struggling.  It did get a little weird though, another guy behind the bar asked my boyfriend if he could grab him another drink.  I didnt think it would be a problem until a girl behind the bar gave him a dirty look and started "telling" our original bartender.  After the second guy gave us my boyfriends new drink, he started talking to us about craps.  I wish he didnt though because that girl was shooting him dirty looks for about 5 minutes.  Im pretty sure she was talking shit about him to the other guys behind the bar too.  Very weird and unprofessional.  -1 star for that.I would totally come back here next time I am in town.  This was one expensive meal but totally worth it.  Next time, we wont come in wearing only t shirts and basketball shorts though.
5	This food was so good that I literally didn't want to swallow, just wanted to keep chewing ! Highly recommend Wagyu beef tacos, rock shrimp, shaved ice, black miso cod. Also had amazingly fresh sushi
3	I'm officially done with wagyu beef. First of all, I really don't know what all the fuss is about. Secondly, 38 dollars an ounce at Nobu with a minimum of two ounces is flat out highway robbery. I have absolutely zero issue paying for a dish where I believe the quality matches the price. The wagyu beef is just simply not that great. Also, it's dripping in this sauce that Nobu douses so many of their beautiful fish offerings with. I was really disappointed in the "New Style Wagyu" dish. Just don't get it. Trust me!Other than that, some hits that I was pleasantly surprised with the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and the toro collar. We also had the black cod miso which my guy deems the best fish we had in Vegas. We ordered sweet shrimp and uni since it's our standard way of seeing how legit or non-legit a place is. It turned out to be pretty decent, but we've had better. I don't know that I'll be visiting this place again, but it was a good experience, to say the least! Good, but not phenomenal....
4	Anyone that has read my reviews know how much I love all NOBU's across the country. I have eaten at several NOBU's around the country so I figured why not give the newest one inside Ceasars a try.Pretty much the same menu as the one on the other side of town with a couple other new additions I spotted on their menu. I tried a couple news things but still love my old favorites, the miso glazed cod lettuce cups, the yelowtail jalepeno sashimi, the dry miso swordfish sashimi and the Wagyu tacos. Great atmosphere, great service and great food, but my favorite NOBU is still the one inside Hard Rock across town. This location is much more convienent for anyone staying on the strip. Pricey but worth every penny, we spwnt about $150 a head including gratuity but we ate like kings. I highly recommend Nobu.
4	In a word, this restaurant is simply fabulous. I've not been to other Nobu restaurants, but I can't imagine them being chicer than this. Multicultural waiters barking out orders in Japanese to the swift and focused sushi chefs, ultra trendy and modern decor, gorgeous breezy open space... And creative, masterfully prepared food to boot.Not quite five stars since Nobu is actually no place for the sushi purist - I've had FAR better sake belly (my all time hands down favorite cut of fish), let alone regular sake, elsewhere - and service certainly could've been more attentive. Also I should state the obvious that you better be prepared to drop serious cash on your meal since dishes aren't served with garnishes or accompaniments (unless you don't mind eating pure protein). That said, my black cod miso was phenomenal and easily one of the best pieces of fish I've ever had (only behind the halibut at 3 Michelin star le Bernadin in NYC). The more-sweet-than-savory miso glaze enveloped the outer flesh of the fish in a perfectly caramelized crust, and yet somehow the meat was barely cooked to achieve an unbelievably juicy tenderness. It was actually so moist that the layers of flaky flesh simply slid off of one another and into puddles of juice upon the gentlest prod of the fork and dissolved onto the tongue. Not to mention the serving size was surprisingly HUGE - easily 6+ ounces.Would def return with a big group and go all out. Def not the place to go if you're on a conservative work budget (like me).
5	WOW!! Absolutely amazing. Bar none this place is outstanding. The Tazmanian Sea Trout is the best in the world!
3	I'm not saying the food wasn't good--it is definitely good, but not amazing. and definitely not for the price. I ordered my favorite black cod miso, and it was really lacking in flavor. Our $65 sashimi platter was also a huge let down--there were probably only 8-10 pieces of sashimi. The rock cod tempura was probably the best thing of the night, and even then, I've had better at less expensive Japanese restaurants.Nobu used to be my favorite place in NYC, so I was super excited to go to the Vegas location. Maybe it's my taste buds, but I was really disappointed this time around :(
5	Amazing! Do the food journey, trust your waiter to make selections and you will NOT be disappointed. Loved our experience!!
3	Well, we informed the Maitre d' that its an anniversary dinner when we booked the reservation.  But, we were disappointed that nothing was done to the dessert we ordered.  Plus since I was prego, I was not suppose to eat any half-cooked eggs.  But waiter insisted the chocolate cake is cooked.  But it turns out  the chocolate cake was more a chocolate souffle...which is usually intentionally runny and NOT 100% cooked inside!  So, I guess it was not a "sweet" ending UNFORTUNATELY.  Plus we also had to wait a good 15 minutes just to get the check after we are done.  Sure went from 5 star to 3 star for us.  I don't like RISKS. especially on special occasions....So, we'll think twice about coming back.On the Positive Note: The bus boy was gave Superb service and attention to water/tea refills.  Waiters were overall good to great.  My food was not as good as normal.  But, I had LIMITED selection due to being prego.  (no raw, no sake, no sea bass... all the tasty foods out the window!)
4	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3.5Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 2I love caesars palace and I love my friends and Host for once again hooking it up with reservations and free food!! got the chef tasting menu got bombarded with an array of yellowtail, salmon, snapper, halibut sashimi with a salt brick. Than came the wagyu beef cooked over a hot rock with a sake demi glaze. By this time we were on our second bottle of black label sake and with all the sashimi and condiments and vegan dishes we were stuffed, overall this place never fails, matter fact it always gets better! Def be back matter fact next week thanks nobu never let me down
2	There's nothing special about Nobu.  They have multiples locations. This place is for novice sushi lover.
5	Nobu is the best japanese food I have ever had. My girlfriend and I ate in the teppenyaki room and split two things off of the teppenyaki menu. The waygu beef was the best thing in my opinion, the the chilean seabass a close second, the dessert and then the crab fried rice. Our chef was very talented and knew how to cook everything to perfection. Nothing I had was real heavy and over seasoned. I would recommend this place to anyone that has been t Po beni hanas and is looking for a higher end teppen room.
4	Nobu was on my list of restaurants to visit while in Las Vegas. I'm glad I made a visit! I'm not a big sushi eater, so I was a bit worried about visiting. But I was told it was a great place for beginner/mild sushi lovers on Yelp and by some other Las Vegas visitors. Evidently, sushi is serious business.Not to say Nobu isn't- once you see the prices on the menu you will know that they are very serious. The service is on par as well, as our waiter was very knowledgeable and had great suggestions that fit me and my more sushi knowledgeable friend. We had a great meal of 3 entrees- the Rock Shrimp with all three sauces, Salmon tacos, and Toasted Rice Cake.I would definitely recommend to a friend. No, it isn't budget friendly... but seriously, considering the type of restaurant it is and the place it's at, why would you expect it to be? Be prepared to spend some money.
5	NOBU, you made me eat my words. I'm a huge sushi fan especially AYCE. So i never saw much reason to go here when I know it's going to over a hundred dollars for just me because of how much there sushi is. COMPLETELY WORTH EVERY PENNY!! OH my God, I wish I would have done it sooner. Even if you do it just once, just once it would be a worth wild experience. The quality of fish is the best I have ever had, and the Wagyu beef was the knock out punch. I wouldn't have thought to have tried any meat in sushi place, but on the servers recommendation we did. Overall just a fabulous experience, from the time we walked in till we left. The people that work there are top notch! Not understanding the negative reviews, comments that there is nothing special, or reviews from "prego's" who shouldn't even be eating/reviewing a sushi place to begin with since they can't even eat anything that's not cooked??? Bottom line skip the ayce a couple times and get in there and give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
5	Nobu, is a must stop whenever i'm in Vegas. This is the best sushi you will ever taste and the service and ambiance is excellent as well.
4	Black Cod Miso was very good, as were the whitefish  and salmon "New Style Sashimi". Tasmanian Ocean Trout which was way too salty. Also had 2 sushi rolls that were okay but forgettable. Service was good, decor was nice (mixture of modern and classic). A little overpriced (paying for the cache of eating here), but enjoyed the business dinner here.
5	Amazing dishes, top quality and amazing staff who work with you to recommend different dishes based on your preferences.  Every dish is a work of art and is meticulously created to appeal to all your senses.  Recommended dishes. 1. Black cod miso - best fish I have ever had 2. Tuna tartar 3. Hamachi sashimi - symphony of flavours. 4. New age sashimi Skip the sushi rolls.  They are good but not worth it.
3	I'm actually kind of disappointed in the Nobu here. This was the first Nobu I visited, and it definitely did not live up to its hype. We ordered the nasu miso to start and then the sashimi/nigiri dinner.Nasu miso was pretty good, and the sashimi and nigiri were average. The mackerel was probably my favorite, followed by the shrimp and salmon, but honestly, all I could think about was how we could have gotten this at a lower-end restaurant, and it would have all been the same.We decided to order one more thing to see if Nobu could redeem itself, so we got a simple spicy scallop roll. BINGO! It was great. The nori was delicious, and so was the spicy scallop. Together, it was perfect. I wish we had ordered more rolls, but we were way too stuffed. I'll definitely come back to Nobu, but I recommend getting their rolls rather than sashimi/nigiri.
4	This is excellent. We went twice during a recent trip to Vegas. Our first visit we were luck enough to sit at the bar and got to watch the sushi masters work! The fish was fresh and delicious, rolls were well balanced and prepared. The service on our first visit certainly left something (okay, a lot) to be desired, however. Our second visit was better, with a server who was knowledgeable and friendly. Again, high quality, fresh fish, and some great creative rolls. The price is certainly up there, but not the most expensive place for sushi on the strip. We look forward to going back again and trying omakase (chef's choice) - seems to be the best option!
5	For a moment, I felt like I was in Japan again.  This was one of the best meals I have ever had.  Started with raw oysters and they were perfectly sweet and seasoned with a vinegar and onion mixture.  The new style sashimi is perfectly seasoned and tender.  The shishito peppers were fantastic.  I had the black cod miso as an entree- it was really lovely but be prepared for the sweetness of the miso.  It threw me off a bit but it was really nice.  The tobanyaki beef was amazing.  We finished with some rolls and they were all fantastic.  I love this place- wish there was one in Denver!
3	Was able to snag a table for six on Saturday night with only a 45 minute wait.  AWESOME!!Service started out slow ... but picked up.  We had various dishes ... skewers:  scallops, chicken, beef, shrimp.  Spicy crab, tempura shrimp, lobster, etc.  all very very good .  Small portions so you end up ordering three or four items each ... and spending $100 to get somewhat full
5	It's Nobu - there's no need for me to say that it's 1) delicious as hell, and 2) expensive as hell.Our server was fun, the atmosphere was great, and the decor is amazing. I couldn't stop looking around. The place is HUGE!Super easy to find in Caesars. Enjoy, and don't forget to order the spicy tuna with crispy rice.
5	The best Teppan-Yaki I ever had!!!  We did the $190/person menu.  Everything was super tasty.EDAMAME - Truffle, SaltTORO TARTARE - Wasabi Soy, Ossetra CaviarCHILEAN SEABASS - Crunchy Garlic, Cilantro Jalapeno DressingBLACK ANGUS TENDERLOIN - Nobu Sauces, Seasonal VegetablesMISO SOUPCRAB FRIED RICE - Mixed Vegetables, Soy, ButterDESSERT - Chefs Daily CreationPlus we had the Yellowtail JalapenosDELICIOUS!!!
5	The best and greatest meal I've had all year! Everything from start to finish was exquisite and delicious. The service was impeccable and outstanding to say the least. We will be back in January for the hubby's birthday! Amazing is an understatement!
5	Finally got to check out this location in the Nobu Hotel in Caesar's Palace! The restaurant is huge and it was packed! So I suggest to reserve in advance. There's a lounge/bar area, the main restaurant, and in the back I saw a room where they chef makes food for you on the hot stove. The fish quality was amazing at this restaurant. We tried a few new dishes and some of the old like spicy tuna on crispy rice and the regular sushi.Some of the new dishes that we tried were the soft shell crab roll, king crab ceviche, white fish sashimi special and king crab tacos.The tacos I actually didn't love as much, but the rest of the dishes were amazing! I would come here over and over again! Also the cucumber martinis are my favorite! A must try!
4	Lives up to its name and reputation. Pricey. Great service - helpful and abundant resource. Finding Nobu itself was pretty confusing even though I stayed at Caesars Palace for 5 nights and thought I knows my way around. Again it was a great experience - after all a restaurent co-owned by Robert De Niro has that name and a distinct reputation. Kapeesh!!!!
4	Go to see and be seen in this gorgeous space. You're sitting in a fishbowl with all of Caesar's Palace swirling around you. Fish is fresh, tasty, and artfully presented. Excellent wine and beverage selections. Staff is a bit aloof. Be prepared to pay a premium for the privilege of dining in the new Vegas hotspot.
3	I have been to Nobu San Diego and NYC57 many times, and maybe Im just over it or maybe my last trip to the Caesars was so very ordinary that I am vowing to never go back. It used to be expensive,  then it was expensive and I wasn't full, now its expense, I'm still hungry and the more I try the less I am impressed.  I had some interesting things but it wasnt that amazing.  Also the service in Caesars left a lot to be desired. It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't worth my $280 portion for just me.
1	Ordered 3 different rolls.  All had thick heavy rice and too much of it.mThe salmon Roll and tuna roll  had chopped fish! The shrimp tempura roll was flavorless and had a thin piece I'd shrimp. Even the edamame was mealy. I was so disappointed. Glad we joint order a big dinner. Would never go back.
3	Food was ok. Service was slow.
5	Had a great meal at Nobu! It was nice to get away from all the steaks and heavier foods for a night.Everything was so fresh and proof of good quality ingredients being used was obvious when we saw and tasted the food. Also, the portions were surprisingly generous as well!We didn't have too much for dinner as we were stuffed from previous meals. My mom started with their clear mushroom broth (I'm sure it has a much fancier name but that's essentially what it was). As plain as it seemed, she said it had a good balance of flavour in it and obviously did not have any hint of MSG in it. I started with the shrimp tempura. Nothing amazing, expensive for what two pieces but I guess eating at Nobu I shouldn't be surprised.For our main course, we had to try the signature Miso Black Cod. I can't stress how beautiful a cut they serve. It was BEAUTIFUL. That cut alone wouldn't be cheap if you bought it to make it at home yourself. They cook it so beautifully that all the juices stay in the fish until you cut into it and put it in your mouth. The only thing I was a little sad about was because the cut is so thick, it should've been marinated longer so the entire fish would have been flavoured all the way through. No biggie. The top of the fish was amazing. I suggest maybe getting a bowl of rice or having a few other small dishes with it because it's very rich if you try to eat it on its own and finish an order to yourself.Definitely worth going to try. Beware slow service.
3	Place is nice.  Popped in for a few drinks, very pricey. Spent $30 on 3 drinks that did not have enough alcohol in it.  Sushi was great!
5	I was staying at ceasers for a conference and decided to check this place with some colleagues. Our server was great and knowledgable. We did the three courses cold plates, hot plates, and then sushi. I would return next time I am in Vegas.
2	you must be tripping if you think this restaurant deserves 4+ stars. how the hell can you justify $20+ for seared hamachi with jalapeno? It's the same damn dish served by 50%+ of the other japanese restaurants out there, except it's $10 more expensive!  The quality of the food isn't bad, but it sure isn't on par with a Sasabune or Sushi-Zo. And there's nothing innovative about the menu at all that you cant get from most other japanese restaurants, so quality is really a big weighing factor here!I get that there's a certain premium that you're expected to pay to dine at a prime location in Caesars, but they are literally bending you over the table, pulling down your pants, and....well, you get the idea.The service was pretty good, so if you are looking to have dinner in a nice, upscale restaurant, and don't mind paying exorbitantly for decent food, then by all means this would be a respectable choice. But just know that you can very easily take a cab 10 min off the strip to any number of japanese restaurants that serve same or higher quality dishes at 1/3  ~ 1/2 of the cost.I was browsing through a yelp review while i was there to see what to order, and i actually saw a reviewer sitting at the table next to us who gave the restaurant 5 stars. She was eating some maki rolls by nudging a roll with her chopsticks...onto a spoon, and then eating out of the spoon. Her bf is a lucky, lucky man....
4	Short version: Very good food, very expensive. If you don't care about price (either you are rich, are splurging, or got comped), this is an awesome place to eat.Long version:It was my last night in Vegas and I decided to splurge. This is definitely an expensive place to eat. Get over it. The restaurant decoration is classy with several areas to choose from: the bar, the lounge, the sushi bar, and booths. There is a high ratio of waiter to customer. Most of the waiters are very conscious about what's happening on each of their tables and empty dishes are cleared within a minute. Some of the bust help were not as quick but that's understandable. Jonathan was my server and he was very knowledgeable about each of the dishes. He even know the proper Japanese names for the food and dishes. Impressive.Now the food:I had 2 appetizers, 2 main courses, and some sushi.The lobster taco and Wagyu taco were very good. The shells were deep fried gyoza wrapping. The lobster were steamed and the wagyu were grilled (I think). Topped with a variety of toppings, the bite size (literally 1 bite each) taco had great flavor.  Even though they were a bit small, even for appetizer. 3 star for this dish.The second appetizer was the yellowtail with jalapeno. The fish was super fresh. I live in Hawaii and I know what fresh yellowtail taste like. This IS fresh. The ponzu sauce was light and did not overwhelm the dish. The thin slices of jalapeno made perfect compliment.  Each bite was a delight. 5 star for this. (Incidentally, a week later, I was back in Hawaii at Dash Gastropub and they had the same dish.  Let's just say it was good contrast.)I had the black cod miso because I read so much about it. A good size piece of cod, marinated in miso, rinsed off, and grilled. The flavor was very good but it was strong so I had to order a bowl of rice ($5?!) to enjoy it fully. BTW, the ginger sprout garnish was a very good compliment.  I wish there were more than 2.  Even though it dish itself was very good ... but coming from Hawaii, we are used to eating miso butterfish. I can buy it marinated in the supermarket, take it home, rinse it off, grill it and it would have turned out to be exact same thing... for a fraction of the price. Value wise... I have ding it. 3 stars.The pork belly kushiyaki with spicy miso is basically cubes of pork belly (meat and fat, not skin tho), skewered, grilled, have a spicy miso paste brushed on, grilled again, and served. The pork was very tender. The fat did not feel fatty, the miso was tasty and flavorful. This is a very good dish and I would eat it any day. 5 stars.  If I have to pick on something, it would be that it is quite heavy so you probably shouldn't eat more than 2 skewers.  Ladies should look at 1 per person.After the 4 courses, I needed a little bit more so I ordered some sushi.The anago and unagi were excellent. In fact, this is the first time ever I like the anago better than the unagi in any restaurant. 4 stars each.The snow crab leg was decent. 3 stars.The soft shell crab maki on the other hand was a disappointment. The roll was gummy and the crab was not pronounced at all. Not going to order it again.There is no question that this place serves good food.  Majority of the dishes are very well done. The main issue here remains: value. Would I eat here again?  In a heartbeat, as long as I don't have to foot the bill. Maybe I'll pay if I have a gold digger girlfriend that I need to impress...
5	Hands down the best Japanese restaurants that I have been to. The fish is SO fresh. I would go back again and again if I could afford it. The service is amazing and the serving size is just right. It is family style so they encourage you to order a few more dishes than usual because it's for sharing and the sizes are not that big.Here's what we ordered:-Salmon Tartare with Caviar (It was so fresh and soft. The salmon pieces were also cut much smaller than other tartares, beef and tuna, that I have had before.)-Yellow tail Jalapeno (My ABSOLUTE FAVOURITE!!! I can eat this day and night. I'm not one to eat a lot of spicy food, but a small slice on top of the fish isn't bad at all.)-Chilean Sea Bass with Balsamic Teriyaki (ddddelicious! so tender!)-Squid 'Pasta' with Light Garlic (Mind you the past is the is the squid pieces. There is no actual pasta. It was so good! The squid wasn't chewy at all!)-Tasmanian Ocean Trout with Crispy Baby Spinach (the spinach wilted a bit in the sauce, so eat it quick. It may get too salty that way.)-Bento Box and Kinako Crunch for dessert (both delicious and delicately made, but I'd prefer to eat the main dishes and appetisers)I wish I had eaten everything on that menu! :o)
3	I definitely love fine dining but I believe for the price of the food the taste did not blow me away. I loved the atmosphere the decor was excellent. I went and dropped 2 bills and leave still hungry is disappointing which I know is typical at some fine dining places but for that price I could have ate at Mastros or another place where the potions are larger. As far as the food I ate a steak with onions as truffle sauce and it was excellent. This place is for the experience not to get full. If you want to leave full expect to at least pay 300. I would a have gave it a higher rating but I wasn't blown away by the taste and I didn't leave thinking it's expensive but worth it.
3	I'm so conflicted about this review. We figured it out, and; Nobu cost us $11 per bite. Seriously. The reason I'm conflicted is: those were pretty damn good bites. It was super tasty, but considering I had could have had unlimited amounts of  almost-as-good tuna from Bacchanal at Caesar's for half the price, I'd probably opt for the latter any day.
5	"I hate sushi."  That was me earlier in the night, when looking at the menu.  I was in Vegas for a week and it was our last night.  My friend really loves sushi and I wasn't that hungry, so... fine.  Nobu.  Truth is... I'd never actually had sushi.  I had some lobster roll once and couldn't get past the seaweed wrapper.  Almost turned blue and, well... it wasn't pretty.  Anyway... they seated us in the lounge area in a huge booth.  No one behind us.  Clear view of the entire place.  Felt like we had the best table.  I scanned the menu to try to find something I would actually eat.  Wagyu.  That works. Chicken, too.  Shrimp Tempura.  I can do that.  The server (super hot; in fact... all the servers are ridiculously gorgeous)  was convinced that I'd like sushi if I just tried it.  I explained my issue with the seaweed.  She smiled (knowing what an idiot I am, of course) and said rolls are one way to eat it, but that I needed to trust her.  She said her brother hated it, as well... but once he tried it... he loved it.  She suggested the "Omakase" - a tasting from across the menu.  You give them a price point (ours was $125 per person).  They ask if you have allergies, what you like/dislike... and you get a series of signature items delivered over the next hour. Ordered a lychee sake and... as I looked around, I realized that it was our last night and this was a nice place. Ok."Amazing" is an understatement.  One of the best meals I've had.  Ever.  The first dish was the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno.  Wow.  It was incredible.  Next up was a red snapper sashimi with lime.  Another sashimi... this one salmon with sesame, ginger, and green onion.  Then came the beef tenderloin (my least favorite dish of the night), followed up by black cod miso (wonderful flavor), creamy/spicy shrimp tempura, and then the sushi... albacore (holy mother of god this was good) and bluefin.  The final dish was a dessert... chocolate cake and green tea ice cream (with berries).  Topped it off with an espresso and called it a night.  With tip, the bill came out to about $450 for two.  A lot of money, but... it was a terrific experience and now I know I like sushi.Highlights...Yellowtail sashimi with jalapenoAlbacore sushi Lychee sake (had a few; they were about $20 each)Servers (what? eye candy is nice, too)I'd like to try the wagyu tacos.  Needless to say, I'll be back.  Consider me converted.
2	Really not up to Nobu standards. This is the 3rd Nobu I've visited and each time have had a fantastic meal with excellent service. The food on this trip was largely OK (missing something compared to other Nobu meals but I can't put my finger on it) but the experience and staff were terrible. Long story short, after a long standing reservation, we walked into a half empty restaurant and were literally seated at the worst table in the place. After asking to move or find a more comfortable spot at one of the 20+ open tables, we ended up essentially being told no and taking a seat. The waiter didn't help much. We're much more into the cooked side of the Nobu menu (they have a lot of non-sashimi and sushi options) and have always found a helpful waiter who guides us the right direction. This waiter had no time or desire to do so.All and all, certainly not returning to this Nobu nor would I recommend this Nobu as a true Nobu experience. Long story longer, this Nobu also offers room service to the Caesar's hotel. Nobu should focus on quality and not over extending into non-essential business ventures.
3	We ended up at Nobu because of circumstance more than anything else. I've long heard the hype but this was my first time actually eating here. Upon first impressions the ambiance was good - trendy and the kind of thing you'd expect from a Japanese fusion eatery. The waitstaff were all very attentive and helpful at navigating the menu and recommending the best dishes. Overall the food was good, not great. We sampled a mix of cold and hot appetizers and entrees as well as the sushi. The quality of ingredients was good, as was the presentation, however the flavor of the dishes didn't match. Highlights: Try the crispy rice and tuna tartar appetizer. It was something different and put a nice spin on a standard tartar. The sushi was good quality and what you'd expect from the place like Nobu. The toro was excellent, as were the uni, amaebi and unagi. The unagi sauce was quite good and made in house which is a departure from the shimmering gloop most sushi joints in the states serve.Low lights: The yakitori dishes were a disappointment overall. We sampled the beef, shrimp, sea bass and pork belly. They come with your choice of teriyaki sauce or a South American style chimichurri - neither were very good. The teriyaki sauce was overbearing and much too sweet. The South American option had a nice kick but seemed out of place with Japanese ingredients. The pork belly was too gelatinous, as if it had been cooked and left to cool for many hours - skip it. Overall Nobu is a lot of hype and shines too brightly amongst other, far better sushi options off The Strip. Come for the ambiance and the trend factor. But if you're looking for the best quality sashimi and nigiri, look elsewhere.
5	MOCHI MOCHI MOCHI!Mochi is a must and really can't go in choosing a better Sushi place than this. Great for big groups! You will not be disappointed!
1	Didn't allow take out at lunch (I wanted rolls). One table seated and 5 people at the bar. EPIC FAIL. Everyone was next door watching the games in the betting area (NFL playoffs). not eating there. Ever.
1	My husband and I went to Nobu on 12/29/13 for our 9th anniversary. We had reservations and were setting right away. Our table was so small and in the middle of the aisle near the door to the ktchen.So my huband asked if we could have another table.The Hostess left us standing there, looking so out of place, and went to check. A few minuets later, she comes back and tells us the only tables are for big parties and this is it and advises not to wait. So we sit dowm. 5-10 minutes later someone finally comes over for what we want to drink. Well I know Nobu is expensive, but $20 bucks an up for a drink. We looked at each other and walked out. We are probably the only people that have walked out. Went to another resturant and had a great dinner for 1/2 the price with very nice and fun waiters and hostess.
1	Hype hype and hype$12 for fresh wasabi and was given a watery paste!  I know what fresh wasabi is and that is why I am willing to pay.    Waiters are arrogant not confident.   When asked about a dish they just rant off the menu as is I can't read.Long story short, if you want good japanese go to kabuto at spring mountain, it is better than a lot of sushi bars in Japan.1 more to avoid would be Masa at Aria, they served my frozen tilapia when I ordered Tai (pink snapper).
3	We were there for New Year's Eve dinner.We decided to order off the menu instead of their New Year's chef's tasting meal.We had some sushi, a few appetizers, a few entrees, etc.  Reason I don't list all of them individually was that for the most part they were all good, but not spectacular.  If I could give 1/2 stars, I would have rated the restaurant 3.5 stars.  The stand-out was the miso black cod, which i would give 4.5 stars.I think by now, people now what they are getting with Nobu.  Pretty good experience but not sure it's worth the hype or money.
5	The black cod miso was absolute delicious and they have a great menu. Sushi was excellent as well as the ambiance!
5	I've been eyeing the space advertising the coming of Nobu in Ceasers Palace for a few years now.  This past summer it finally opened and I'm happy to say the wait was worth it.  The meal is server in courses and there wasn't one dish that I thought wasn't truly amazing.  The waitress was extremely helpful in describing the menu items and making recommendations.  While on the high end of my dining budget, I have no regrets.  The food and atmosphere made for a memorable evening.
5	FIRST AND FOREMOST BRING YOUR BLACK CARD!!! THIS PLACE IS PRICEY!!! I'M SERIOUS!!! DO NOT GO HERE LOOKING FOR CHEAP EATS!!! THERE IS A HOLE IN MY POCKET!!! Ok, sorry for yelling. Now that that's out of the way... where do I begin with how awesome this place is???First of all, the smell wafting through the air is enough to bring my mouth to water just thinking about it... Mmh... My wife and I went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and the waiter really took care of us. We gave him carte blanche to serve us what he loved the most, and we weren't disappointed in the slightest. It did take a little bit of time for the dishes to come out, but we have delicious beer and saki to tide us over during each intermission. Without question there is a tuna dish with jalepeno peppers that is BEYOND amazing... food of the g-d's. Kings and Queens would fight over this dish, just wow. Ambiance, service, food and drink... if I could afford it, I would go here every day. But that's just it... it's kind of a place where you're only going to go once a year or less, because it really will put a dent in your bank account. Cheers!!
2	Walking in, the atmosphere is great!  Really nice space. My first impression was not great however, as they lost my reservation, that is never good when you are starving and ready for a good meal. However, they did move quickly to rectify the situation and found us a decent table in the bar. Now, I have been fortunate to partake of some amazing sushi from NY to LA, and for these prices, that is what I was expecting.  Unfortunately, they did not deliver. It was good, it just wasn't fantastic, and for these prices, fantastic is what I would expect. The service was also just good. Little mistakes here and there that should not happen at a reastraunt of That caliber. Overall, just not what I would expect when I'm shelling out close to $500 for myself and two friends. I'm afraid that in the end, Nobu just came off as pretentious.
5	My husband and I went to Nobu to celebrate our anniversary.  Dinner was very nice and the service was excellent.  We especially enjoyed grilling our wagyu beef and vegetables on the little grill.  Then they presented us with a beautiful exotic fruit and sorbet platter for dessert which said "Happy Anniversary".
4	Just had lunch here and had a great experience. The place is beautifully decorated with cloud paper lights and basket weaved birdcage seating...very Zen like but wouldn't have expected any less. Ive been to the Miami Nobu and was equally impressed. Our server was great, very engaging. We got the squid pasta donburi which had the most tender pieces of squid. You mix everything together and the garlic soy and seasonal veggies (asparagus, shitake, squash, broccoli) really came together well. Add a little oshinko and mmmmm mmmm.We also were ecstatic that they had the bento (only offered sat/sun for lunch) which includes all their signature dishes including the miso black cod and the creamy/citrus rock shrimp tempura. A good "bargain" to try out a variety of things. The bento also included sushi but I was not that impressed as the nigiri were tiny and salmon roll generic. All lunches include miso soup and pickles is an added bonus. This is one of the better sushi places I've been in Vegas and a must try if you want to spoil yourself.
5	Luv chef nobu..my go to sushi place in las vegas..u cant go wrong..sashimi and sake and beautiful women
4	One thing does not disappoint in Vegas is the ability to find some world-class restaurants and being awed by the decor. Each one is more enticing and eye-catching than the next!Been wanting to try a restaurant owned by Chef Nobu for a long time and just had to give it a go when I stumbled upon "Nobu" at the Caesars Palace.The menu has hot and cold fare priced from $10+ with a big list of sushi and sashimi to choose from. The nigiri do not come in pairs. Sushi is ordered by the piece and it ranges from $5 to $90. At the same time there are also sushi rolls and hand rolls as options.The Alaskan black cod miso $34 was seasoned nicely and grilled to perfection. It came with a beautiful stalk of pickled ginger root which the sushi chef pointed it out that the tip was edible.  I ended up eating the whole stalk because it tasted really good.There are sushi bar or the lounge bar to choose from if dining alone. I think the fact that this restaurant is located in Caesars Palace in Las Vegas made it quite high-profile and at the same time allowing them to command the steep prices.There's no way to leave this place feeling satisfied without spending at least $100 per person.
5	Troy, the waiter, was sublime.  The food was unparalleled, outstanding, but the service was the 5 stars here.  He suggested that we give him a budget and he would tailor a menu for us.  We did, and, wow, did he.  Troy was so excited about the food and the menu, and he brought that excitement to the table.  He was uber attentive, and the dishes he picked were exquisite.  A funny twist was that I told him I wanted the toro with oestra caviar,  and he told me that if I liked toro, I'd like the toro carpaccio dish more.  I took his word for it, and he started the personalized menu.  A few minutes later, we got the toro plate with the caviar.  I figured he decided to go with my original suggestion.  We started to indulge in it, and he came by and told us he was sorry, it was meant for another table.  So, he comped us the plate and still brought the carpaccio.  He most definitely did not have to do this as we had no idea what our "menu" consisted of, but he really wanted us to try the other dish.  That made all the difference in the world, and, by the way, the carpaccio was leaps and bounds better. I could say so much more about the food, but it's almost a given at most of these celebrity chef establishments in Vegas.  It's almost always always fabulous food....it's staff like Troy that set them apart and keep us coming back for more.See my pictures for a thorough rundown of the food we had.  Perfect night!!
4	Date & Time:  Thursday January 28, 2014 @ 8pmLocation:  Caesars PalaceDining Companions:  Mommy & HusbandScene:  Couples: Gents in Suits sans Tie & Ladies in Little Black Dresses Decor:  Contemporary Lounge, Sushi Bar, Dining RoomService:  ImpeccableImbibe:  SakeDevour:  Shishinto Peppers, Rock Cod Shrimp Salad, Miso Cod, Lava CakeTotal:  $180
5	I will start this review with this: we live I. Vegas and have been to many of the restaurants on the strip. It takes a lot at this point to really get us excited about a newly visited place.Overall, this restaurant was a huge hit. Service perfect, food amazing!We dined out for my brother's birthday & tappanyaki is his favorite, so we reserved one of the few tappan tables.Started with all different cocktails from their specialty menu, I had the martini w/ lycee, very good.Appetizer - Yellowtail Sashimi w/ Jalepeno - I wish we had ordered more!Of the 4 choices of pre-set menus, varying greatly in price, we all ordered the menu w/ scallops and wagu beef. Overall, the full menu was great, but the beef was so good, so perfectly cooked, we ordered another round of it.The chef less than half-way though the dinner asked us if we'd like him to slow down a bit (I do admit, we talk a lot and take our time eating), which was very much appreciated.Loved the experience, though obviously expensive. We plan on returning soon. Thanks to all for making my brothers birthday ridiculously enjoyable!
5	Beautiful decor, excellent service, friendly host, absolutely delicious dishes. We loved the thinly sliced yellow tail sushi. It was one of the most memorable appetizers we had on the strip. Their wine list is also quite decent, although their servers could be better trained at discussing their options and pairing the right glasses.
4	I've been here twice for client dinners and overall I find Nobu to be slightly overpriced but a quality meal. Here are my takes on the food:Drinks- yummy but not cheapMiso cod- an absolute MUST MUST get, it was worth every penny and it wasn't even that expensiveUni (sea urchin)- my first taste of uni and it did NOT disappoint! Sushi- OK but I've had betterIn the end, it is still a well orchestrated meal with decent service. I'm not sure it quite lives up to the hype but the miso cod could carry this place on it's back!
5	Nobu is definitely one of my favorite restaurants to get Japanese cuisine.I've been here several times (Dinner, after hours/ Lounge hours) and each time was spectacular. Call us crazy but we went here after having a large dinner elsewhere.. we always make sure to squeeze in a "second dinner" when in Vegas. Why not right? They had a prix fixe type tasting menu tempting us but we were way too full from our "first dinner".What I've ordered at Nobu (for two):-Nobu's Sashimi Bar (We opted for the 4 pieces option for $45..worth it!)(Choose Three or Four of the Following):Tai Dry Miso, Yellowtail Jalapeno, Fluke Tiradito, Salmon New Style,Sashimi Salad, Albacore Umami Sashimi, Kumomoto Nobu Salsa-Nobu 'Takumi' Burgers Truffle Aioli, Crispy Shiitake,Onion & Foie Gras $18 each (Delicious, but small, almost like a slider. However, we both thoroughly enjoyed ours.)-Nigiri (5 pc.) Chef's Selection $30-Sashimi Moriawase Chef's Selection (5pc) $30-Soft Shell Crab Roll (Masago & Avocado) $16 (We added another order.. simple but good!)-House Special Roll; Mixed Fish $17 (So simply, yet so delicious!! We ordered three orders of this roll.. Yum!)S-Spicy Tuna Roll (Tuna, Scallions, Creamy Sauce) $12-Sweet Shrimp with Fried Head (Ama Ebi) $8 (Had to add another order!)-Shrimp Tempura Roll $12-Salmon Roll $9-Dessert - I can't remember what we had, but I know we enjoyed it even after being stuffed.I really should start writing down what I order because I always find myself forgetting a few when I do my reviews...Overall, the food is up to par in my honest opinion. We always get seated very quickly, the vibe is fun, the food is delicious, and the service is great. I can't wait until we go back....
4	While pricey, this is an institution and consistent across the country.  At the Vegas location, the waiter will ask you about what you like and then arrange the menu for you.  The sushi was delicious, and the sides were great as well such as the sashimi salad and soft shell crab.I personally am not a fan of the black cod, but many people like it (oh ma gawd ya hafta get da black cawd) can be heard uttered by many a patron.  I prefer to stick to the sushi.Oh and the drinks are delicious.  When you go to the bathroom, make sure that you remember where your table is.  I got lost as did many I saw coming back from a pee break.
4	Good food and  service ! Everything  is good but you better know your spending limit ! Because when the check came don't' look surprise !
5	Love Nobu. Loved it in London, loved it in Waikiki and love the new one in Caesars Palace, Vegas. They really go all out to make sure you have a customized experience. Their wait staff is very knowledgable, and can easily alter and suggest dishes per your preferences all through the selections.We had lotus root salad, and it was like no other time we had anything with lotus root or stem! Delicately prepared and flavored, that each bite just 'pops' on your palate. Yellow tail sashimi was spectacular. I am not a big sashimi eater, but this one was too good to pass. Soaked to the right taste, cut very fine.Seared salmon, Miso cod were great as entrees.Cocktails are creative, desserts are delicious.
5	Great place for a date or girls night out!  Delicious!!!! Flavor flavor flavor!  Service amazing very attentive even when she got stuck at another table and we were rushing out to make our show.  I would recommend at least 2 hours for dinner to really enjoy it all. We did the chief tasting special... It is truly is a must!!!! It's worth the $175 per person trust me... Well unless you are use to mcdonalds type of food. Will be back for sure!!!!!
4	Nice atmosphere. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Appetizers consist of, in most cases, five Little bites of whatever you order. Entrees are also small. Of course we tried the black cod miso. It was tasty, but nothing spectacular.  Our favorite item was the yellowtail jalapeno sashimi. Dining there was a very good experience, it was a "tasting event."  We were very satisfied, left happy. Our bill for two, not including the tip was about $234 including two cocktails.
4	I have been itching to dine here for a while and my boyfriend's 30th birthday was the prime opportunity! The staff made sure everything was in place for our large party and our table was serviced by 2 waiters. One was super laid back and cool. The other was super pushy and borderline obnoxious. Either way, they were both knowledgable and made sure we were taken care of. Of all the things we tried, the Chilean sea bass was the most memorable. I am not a sushi or seafood person, but I'd be back just to have that flavor again...
5	Absolutely 5 stars from the wait staff to the incredible food don't miss out on this culinary experience I've never had so many bites of divine food we actually did the tasting plates of nobu's best dishes - what he's known for . The cocktails were incredible also . We sat in one of the basket type booths I loved the whole experience here !
5	this place really is fine dining.  the restaurant was fashionably decorated and looked classy.I love plates of sashimi with sauce on it so that's mostly what I ordered- white fish - salmon- yellowtail- black cod - uni- oysters- wagyu beef tatakithe dishes were amazing! very fresh and the texture was buttery and super good.  I loved all the sashimi dishesthe uni was cold and tasted really fresh. must get! $10my other favorite fish was the salmon.  the texture was like butter and the brown sauce it came with went great with itthe white fish was also good.  the sauce was very lemonyyellowtail was great also but it's just with ponzu sauce so nothing specialthe wagyu beef was also very good! it was lightly seared beef thinly cut and served cold.  I think I would prefer it served warm or hot but I guess.  they put some ponzu sauce on italso tried a roll for the hell of it.  the waiter said the house roll was popular.  I did not like it at all.  the white wrapping it came with was good though. I like anything besides the regular seaweed wrap
1	The service was terrible. Maybe the worst I have seen. Pretentious waiters who won't pick up an empty bowl because it is "not there job". Not sure if this effected my mean in taste but only about 50% of the dishes were very good. One we sent back, the cold kelp salad because we were a) not told it might have sea shells in it and b) almost had broken teeth because of it. The sushi rolls were very good but having to wait 45 minutes to have your table cleared and get a check should not happen at a restaurant of this price and caliber. I will never enter this restaurant again.
1	I came here on the advice of my friend even though I don't like sushi. What a mistake! Out of the 4 of us, 3 of my friends got their dishes right away. I had to wait till they were all done and STILL HAVE NOT GOTTEN MY FOOD. They don't give a crap about anybody not eating something raw. To top it off they didn't even give me an update after waiting 30mins. Terrible never again. It's not important what I got because the whole visit left a "sour" taste in my mouth, before I even got my food.
3	I had been wanting to visit Nobu for a long time. We finally made it! The sushi was nice and fresh. Good service. Unfortunately we did not have a reservation and the place was packed! So we sat at the bar and ate there. This may have taken some of the positive experience away. But regardless, I was impressed by the freshness of the fish. Beautiful cuts and big variety on their menu.The only negatives is the price. A little pricey. Make a reservation if you decide to go.
2	I want to be clear that this is review is specific to the Nobu restraurant in Ceasar's Palace Nobu hotel, not the one in The Hard Rock. I assume the establishments are the same in their methods, however, since this is a chain. Verdict: Awful. I would give it one star, except I am feeling generous today, unlike the portions at Nobu. And to be fair, I expected such. What I didn't expect was a sub-par sushi experience for the price and the hype. The hubs and I are VERY experienced Sushi diners and we tend to eat high end. We know our hamachi from our bonito. We don't generally do the Western dip everything in (fake)  wasabi and soy. We prefer sashimi, but explore the interesting world of inari maki, temaki, Japanese warm plates, etc...  BUT THIS PLACE!Our hamachi in sushi form wasn't fresh and the rice to fish ratio was off. Our seared (not mentioned on the menu that it is served seared) bonito was a little too seared and drowning in some type of nikiri that over-powered the fish completely. This is to say nothing of what is supposedly Nobu's signature dish: Black Miso Cod. It is my understanding that he invented it, but I guess it has been perfected elsewhere because I have had MUCH better. Sushi Den in Denver comes to mind... The fish was just over-cooked to that point when cod changes from a delicate mouth-pleasing texture to a rubber tire. The miso sauce, however, was passable. And the service was awesome. Um. NO. I'm only kidding. One of our servers (we had more than one) asked us how we felt about the cod and we were honest that we'd had better, but it wasn't terrible. Guess what happened next? We were treated to a very snarky come-back. WOW. Bottom line, we wound up leaving without ordering much more, spent too much (which we ARE ALWAYS prepared to do for a meal which is worth it) AND wound up having a great dinner at Gordon Ramsey's BURGR. You want good Sushi on The Strip? I recommend Shibuya in MGM Grand over this place without a doubt!
5	Outstanding! Our favorite dishes were the Yellowtail with Jalapeno, Wagyu Tacos, Miso Spinach Salad and King Crab Tempura. Service was excellent.
4	Great Nobu Experience. Good food but pricy. Service was good, but It wasn't excellent. I would definitely go back again for the right occasion. Not an everyday restaurant that you would go to. Need to win some $$$ first. Good Luck to everyone staying at Caesars!!!
1	Very Disappointing. Have been to 5 different Nobus. Have been to the one at Caesars palace twice before. Had my first mediocre meal tonight. The service was rushed. The new Sashimi was tasteless. The only drinkable Sacki was $40 a glass (I tried 3 others), The Sushi was worse then I get in Michigan. The Tuna was very red. Wonder if it was gassed with Carbon Monoxide to get that color. Maybe they have over expanded.
1	Horrible service an cost was outrageous, even considering it was sushi... Be warned when you go, if you want to spend 500$ on appetizers an couple drinks then this is the place for you. This place will never have my service again... Hustlers.
1	Awful if you are vegetarian!! They will treat you like a second class citizen. Didn't even get a side plate like the rest of my party. Soooo hungry!! Don't come here if you are veg!!!
1	Totally take advantage of. Watch what they charge you or you will end up with 850 worth of charges for two people. No warning either and very disappointed with Caesars to allow this to happen. Would not recommend unless you have a thousand to blow for mediocre service and food. Would give zero stars but this website would not allow me to.
2	Food was not what I expected for a price like this. The servers were inefficient and the cod is what you could get from an Asian store.
5	I was in town last weekend and dined at Nobu last Thursday night. The food was spectacular also the service was as well! The mushroom salad was my favorite by far! The beef tenderloin comes smoking hot and was amazing! The drinks were also fabulous! It is super pricey! Fish was fresh and delicious!We ordered 1 drink a piece, some sake at the end, 2 spicy tuna rolls, 1 beef tenderloin, 1 mushroom salad, 1 shrimp tempura, and 1 scallop ceviche. It ended up being close to $300. It was amazing though!
5	Wow. This place was so good that my new hubs and I dined here not once but twice during our week long Vegas weddingmoon at Caesars Palace. The menu can be confusing, so as a first time diner you'll be well guided by your knowledgeable and kind server as we were both times. It is a tapas style Japanese restaurant but there are plenty of options if you'd prefer not to do all shared plates. Both times we got the rockshrimp tempura in the creamy sauce-SLAMMIN.comThey have regular edamame or the more fun and tasty kind which is tossed in a slightly spicy curry sauce topped with crushed peanuts. Get the fun kind. The nobu style tacos are little bites of heaven which you will dream about. They are only a bite size taco-literally one bite-but they will change your tastebuds lives. We tried the raw tuna, lobster and crab ones. So fresh. So good. Uhhh so gooood. The black cod was another dish worth mentioning, cooked to perfection with a sweet glaze. Some tasty sushi rolls included the spicy tuna, and both yellowtail rolls, one with scallions another with jalepeno-little kick but yum!! While it is certainly not cheap here, it really wasn't unreasonably priced. Plus, you're inVegas, things are more expensive. Luckily at Nobu the splurge is well worth it. Kinda wish we could go just one more time but DE is super far away from Las Vegas.
5	It was our first time at Nobu's.   Our server recommended getting  one of each of the different types of Omakase dinners.  Although they were expensive it was totally worth it.   Everything was delicious.   We can honestly say that we don't know which one we preferred over the other because they were both so good.   Service was fantastic.   Would definitely go back there again next time we're in the area.
5	Wow good
5	Zen, classy, and excellent food. The environment, the family style meals, quick service, and succulent flavors of every dish made the dining experience definitely worth the price. The Miso Black Cod is a must try! We weren't a big fan of the green tea ice cream but the shaved ice was the perfect dessert to end a meal.
1	WORST service I have ever experienced.  If you want a snotty, impatient waiter to rush you through your meal, go here.  I've waited tables for several years before going into my profession.  So I know what good and bad service looks like.  This was definitely the POOREST service I have ever experienced in all of my travels.My boyfriend and I ate here after seeing Elton John.  We did not feel like a large meal and were ordering sushi plates as we went.  The waiter was very impatient when we weren't ready to order the next round when he returned.  He was also impatient when my boyfriend didn't know which drink to get because they were out of the liquor for the cocktail he had picked on the menu.  Now seeing we were not ordering a ton of sushi cause we did not want a large meal, this seemed to tick off our waiter.  The crowning blow was when were low on our drinks and the waiter asked if we wanted another.  We declined.  He then suggested if we "wanted to share a drink."  Really douchebag?  Really?  I was caught off guard and could not believe that I was hearing this.  If I was more on my game I would have asked to see a manager right then and there.  After that point the dude is lucky I didn't deck him.The sushi was very good and interesting but the whole bad service experience from this punk ass snot marred the whole dinner.With so many restaurant choices in Vegas, do yourself a favor and avoid this one.  Go to Craftsteak instead.....And to the manager who emailed us to resolve the issue.  A server that is this rude to a table is NOT one of your better servers.  Learn how to manage a service staff.
5	We had the best meal of our Vegas trip at Nobu.  Our server suggested the tasting menu and put together an amazing dining experience based on our budget.  He didn't up-sell or condescend, instead he put together a great menu that we all loved and we could tell he loved serving us and explaining the dishes.  I almost wish we'd given up our steakhouse night (CUT was good though) so we  could have moved up a price step or two at Nobu... it would have been well worth it! Overall, Nobu is highly recommended and was the surprise show stopper for us during our time in Vegas!
5	I didn't want to believe all the hype, and just wanted to go in with an open mind on this one.  So I did just that.  I went in with no expectations and came out a Nobu convert.  The miso black cod is a wonderful dish.  The fish is fattier/oiler than I expected, but delicious none the less.  The crispy rice with spicy tuna is out of this world.  So delicious we wanted to order another plate.  I also loved the tuna and jalapeno roll.  I wanted seconds on that as well.  I washed it all down with a ginger caipirinha, phenomenal.The ambiance here is fantastic.  The staff are very attentive but don't hover over you.  All in all, this is a fantastic dining experience.
5	Excellent food and the service to match.  This place was amazing, the food was as good as it gets. I will definitely be going back on my next visit. Unfortunately other places we visited weren't nearly as good at Caesars palace.
5	Walking up my GF was in denial so in my own amusement, I had to say "No-BOO" this is All for You!!...haNot much else can be said that hasn't been said about this reputable restaurant. Obviously, you feel an energy walking in considering the surrounding of people winning and losing but the ambiance inside is alluring. This is not a casual Vegas strip mall restaurant and people dining in want to see and be seen.Our waiter greeted us including a boisterous welcome from the Chefs. We ordered the specialty dishes; Yellowtail Jalapeno, White Fish Sashimi, Rock Shrimp, and Tuna Crispy Rice (Yum and Delish)!!  We sat at the bar and enjoyed admiring the chefs feverishly preparing dishes and asking lots of questions. Service was first class and quality of the food is undeniable.  Concluding this note, I'm salivating for sushi
5	It is very rare that you get service and food on this level. Amazing. Every dish was prepared to perfection. The service was great. An amazing meal.
4	I'm familiar with Nobu, however this was my first visit at this location in Ceasars Palace and it was as great as the one in Hard Rock. This is a sleek, chic ambient place that begs to stay and try new things. As most reviews have mentioned over and over, the black miso cod and lobster roll can't be missed. The flavors are just so so good. I will add that we tried the sea bass skewers, and filet and both were excellent as well. If your feeling adventurous this is the place to do it as far as sushi goes. It is fresh and delicious and the variety we tried this time around left us full yet we managed to finish it all. 6 different rolls and all were exceptional. For those who are undecided and want to try a little of everything there is several tasting menus to choose from, but if that's too much, tell your server your preferences and they will direct you to the perfect sashimi nigiri or sushi. Chefs specials we ordered were also impressive! So go ahead and splurge and be adventurous here, try things you haven't tried and you'll be pleasantly surprised. If you have room left for dessert, get the banana one. The drinks were also fresh and inventive!
4	It's not like any ordinary  sushi joint, it's very hip menu is large.... The way the restaurant  set up was very cozy
4	We ate in the lounge portion of this restaurant and it worked out perfectly. We had just watched Zarkana at the Aria and didn't want a giant meal, so Nobu's small plates/tapas style dishes hit the spot. The bbq pork belly skewers and the rock shrimp tempura were the highlights of the meal for me. The black cod was just okay. For me, this place is more of a snacks and drinks vs. a full on heavy dinner, but there's no shame in that. We all thoroughly enjoyed the food and the extensive cold Sake list.
4	As vegetarians always encouraged by Japanese, Indian..restaurants, they usually have spices well-placed, cooked perfectly, and this did not let us down.We started with the Yuba - They boil soy milk, in an open shallow pan, a film or skin forms on the liquid surface. The films are collected and dried into yellowish sheets known as tofu skin. They cook it with ginger-soy sauce. So delicious! ($18)Along with a glass of Merlot ($16) and a glass of Layer Cake ($15). Both great, a bit pricey but hey, it is Vegas.Spinach Salad with crunchy miso ($17) and Shojin Tempura (mixed vegetables - $16) -WOW great flavor on both.We enjoyed all of it, our waitress was attentive, polite and helpful. The music was fun and not. Too loud. The environment just a bit dressy, a few folks in jeans.
1	Service was awful. Food was ok but for the price... You can definitely find better. Warning!!! Do not let the server suggest what to order... He will pick the most expensive dishes on the menu and will fail to tell you how much it is.. They should definitely warn you that your dinner for two will cost u nearly $1000.00!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!! THESE PEOPLE ARE STRAIGHT UP CROOKS!!!!
5	Food was amazing, the service outstanding! If you can sit at the sushi bar and watch the sushi chefs do their magic; it's an art form
4	Came in without reservations on a Thursday night, but nabbed a seat at the bar. Certainly not the best or most authentic Japanese food I've ever had (especially after spending a year in Japan), but creative and most certainly tasty. Our neighbors at the bar were very friendly and we all got to cheer against Miami heat together--no better bonding experience. The bartender was also extremely nice and my drink (the sakura.. something) was quite potent. Sipping on one drink lasted me all through dinner. We ordered the yellowtail w/jalapenos (or something like that, a cold dish, it was good), rock shrimp, and crab tempura. We also got sweet shrimp with fried heads and some ikura for sashimi. Next time I would skip either the rock shrimp or crab tempura since both were fried and I didn't realize it at the time of ordering. Overall a solid meal with some fun new friends.
5	Came in for my friends birthday last Saturday night and our server Jonathan was awesome. He helped us pick out everything from drinks to starters to dessert. And everything was sooooo good! The yellowtail sashimi and the blackend cod was awesome!! This place is perfect for special occasions. But you need to expect to spend at least 100$/person, but it is well worth it!
5	Just had one of the most amazing dinners ever had in Vegas.  Went here with 4 other coworkers and absolutely loved it.  Luckily we were using gift cards so we went all out ... Totaling over $120 per person.First let me start by saying I found my most favorite drink ever - which was the cucumber martini with lychee juice and grapefruit vodka.  It was so light and refreshing w a hint of sweetness.  I can't wait to try making it at home.We ordered a bunch of cold plates to start - cucumber salad, artichoke salad, yellowfin sashimi, crab cerviche and spicy edamames.  All delicious!!  Then we had the spicy chicken skewers and the rock shrimp.  The shrimp dish was my favorite. We ordered three desserts including the chocolate donuts and the bento box.  They were amazing but I wish they were bigger bc we all wanted more.I have been waiting to go to Nobu in NYC for a while and am so happy I made it to the Vegas location.  Hope to go back!
4	Had a very enjoyable dinner here during my girls weekend in Las Vegas. The service is very good. The servers pay attention and my water was never left empty (which doesn't happen most of the time). The lychee martini was very good, the alcohol was not overpowering with just the right amount of lychee juice. We ordered:1.  the oyster shooters--- my first time trying this dish and it went down so smooth.2. Yellowtail with jalapeno- fish was very fresh and the sauce was light and flavorful. This was very good!3. Steamed Cod- This tasted just like sea bass. The fish was fresh and very meaty. Lots of flavor and very moist. It was garnished with pickled ginger- this was the best ginger I have ever had!4. Steamed Seabass- After trying the cod, the seabass did not compare. It was served in a bowl with a soy based sauce- garnished with enoki mushrooms and bok choy. I didn't really care for the sauce. I felt that it took away from the flavor of the fish. Overall, the food was very good. Would be a place I would go back to again on future visits to Las Vegas. If I had to recommend one item on the menu from what we ordered, it would be the Steamed cod.
1	A group of me and my friends stayed in Caesars this weekend and were craving some sushi.  Before even being seated one of the hostesses says "No, he can't come in, he's not wearing a long sleeve shirt."  We were all dressed up and one of our guy friends was wearing a tank, as he had just gotten off his flight.  I have eaten at several high end restaurants in Las Vegas (I am a local here) and have never been treated so disrespectfully.  We had a group of about 8 people, so they lost out on a big check.  Will not recommend this restaurant to any colleagues or visiting friends.  Just lost a customer.
1	The food is tasteless, the service slow and the pricing outrageous.  If Chef Nobu is so famous, I have no idea why.
3	A little pricey, but it's vegas. Miso cod - EXCELLENT. Rock shrimp - very good. Hamachi jalepino - needs uzu instead of whatever they use.
5	I love food, but it's only about once or twice a year I can afford a four-dollar-sign meal.We did their lowest priced tasting menu--6 courses for a-buck-and-a-quarter.  The Black Cod with miso (their signature) was pretty much the most delicious thing I've ever eaten.  Really.90% of everything else was awesome.  I thought the sushi course was pretty ordinary though--specifically the tamago (egg) -- my usual favorite.Great meal, and great service too.I should start doing this fine dining shit more often.
5	Freaking Nobu. It's just so good. Possibly my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Every bite is an explosion of flavors, most of which you've never tasted. However, be prepared to spend at least $100-200 per person. At the very least. Regardless, I keep coming back. What to order: The signature tasting menu is the best deal at $125 and has more mainstream appeal and tastier options IMO than the daily special for $175, which is for the ultra adventurous aka eating a whole river crab in one bite - shell, claws, eyes and all. Next time I go I'm going to have the waiter help me pick my own custom tasting menu. I think that's the play because you'll get everything you like and nothing you don't like. Ps: Make reservations
2	If I could I would give our March 2014 meal at Nobu @ Caesar's Palace 0 stars for service and 4 stars for food; 2 stars is my compromise. The exceptionally high prices are a given. Our lunch for 4 cost $500, and we weren't too full to skip dinner. The food, in general, was very tasty. Surprising standouts included the shishito peppers and the spicy miso chips with big eye tuna. The kumamoto oysters were shockingly disappointing; without the salsa toppings, they would have been completely flavorless. The black miso cod was also disappointing, probably because it was not as warm as it could have been. Which leads me to the real problem with the meal--the service. Our waiter, Ryan, was exceedingly condescending from the get-go. Beyond that, he spoke way too fast (and this was the consensus from 3 New Yorkers) while also failing to enunciate. He arrived at the table with way too much attitude and launched into his poorly delivered spiel despite our telling him that one of our party of four was in the rest room. When that person returned, he was less than willing to fill her in on what she'd missed. Ryan kept wanting us to let him design our menu, but since my preference would have been to see him fired on the spot, I was not inclined to let him choose our food. I cannot overemphasize how much undeserved attitude Ryan was dishing out. Our group had never seen anything like it, and between the four of us, we have eaten in great restaurants around the globe. Beyond the service problem of Ryan himself, we were also quite unhappy about the tremendous speed with which each course arrived at the table and the equally swift way in which even not yet finished plates were whisked away. One could either eat one's food as quickly as possible, without having the opportunity to savor it, or let it sit on the table, growing cold, as my black cod did. I've had significantly slower fast food. In general, I don't like to rate the quality of a restaurant based on its service rather than its food, but in this case, the horrendous service made the food much less palatable. Nobu management should be embarrassed by the restaurant's service failings.
5	Had dinner here with my sister & it was easily one of the best dining experiences I have had in years. If Chris Brannon is working, ask for him as your waiter. You won't be disappointed. It was our 1st time here & he explained how to have the dining experience of YOUR choosing.Sis had the Black Cod Miso which was delicious. I was in the mood for the whole Maine Lobster & it was perfect. Last but not least, we had Otoro which was just as good as the sushi I had in Tokyo 2 months ago!Yes, it's expensive but we felt it was worth it! You only live once. Can't wait to return!
5	My experience here was amaaaaaazing! Had reservation set for 7 people and we got to sit along the sides of the restaurant that made it semi-exclusive. My whole party opted-in for Chef's daily creation omakase ($175). It includes items not listed on the menu consisting cold dishes as starters, hot dishes from the grill, soup and nigiri. An alternative omakase will be the Nobu's selection for ($125)... this one, you won't be able to try the daily chef's special. Since we're in Las Vegas... I lived by the motto "Go Big or Go Home!". So, without any regrets... $175 it is!If you refer to my pictures, those are the items served to me that night. Everything was blasting with flavors I've never tried elsewhere. I was blown away. The omakase already comes with dessert, but we decided to add the shaved ice for all of us to share. It is huge and definitely enough to share among the 7 of us.Besides the food, the cocktail menu has pretty good mixtures of alcohol and ingredients. I got to the try Grapefruit on the Rocks and Sidecar. Both are very good! And of course being a restaurant that serves alcohol, they have wine, beer, and hard liquor as well.Totally would recommend this place to anyone. I know they have other locations also so wherever you are... if you see a Nobu... GET IN THERE!
5	Omg I can't say enough about how good the food is. The black cod melts in your mouth!! I can't wait to go back In August, all of the fish is so fresh as well. Best sushi I've ever had.
4	Excellent quality sushi with a modern twist but still retains authentic Japanese art of creating sushi.  Umami can be experienced here!  Foodgasm :()
4	Definitely a 4.5+ restaurant.  Food and service is out standing.  Their Wagyu and sea urchin is so amazing, the best in the area.  If you want something more exotic,  they have a Chefs special not on the menu for 225 per person, well worth the experience.  The 0.5 was missing because of the desserts, unique enough to forget about the actual taste. Other than that it was perfect.
1	One star Melt in your mouth delicious black cod miso. Wagyu new style absolute a NO NO, taste just like Wagyu drowned in lemon juice $80.00 two oz.I called and bring it to their manager's attention.  All plates was recommended by their server.  He said next time order something non citrus.  Fine dining professionalism, I don't think so.Look at my yellowtail & Wagyu dishes, both soaked in lemon juice.Everything else is plain, All sashimi just basic & none of the plates have diping sauce.  Plain soy sauce and ginger either.   Look at my review on Sushi Samba that's real sushi.  Each plate have the executive signature dipping sauce.  You want real fine dine experience,   Go to Palazzo, it's real sushi & real chef :-)
5	This has got to be the best meal I've ever had in my life! And coming from a foodie like me, this is not an easy feat!I made a reservation for the Nobu in the Hard Rock and ended up in the Nobu at Cesars Palace, they didn't have a table, but they accomodated us at the Sushi Bar and I can't say I was dissapointed.  Watching these guys perform their craft is pretty entertaining. Two things that changed my view of food forever, the Kobe Beef (at $38 an oz) and the tuna belly (which absolutely melted in your mouth, literally).  There was also the Aboloni (which was delish!) I mean, you know when you go to Nobu you'll get a good meal. I would suggest it for anyone who intends on sharing a special occasion with a special someone, because it ain't cheap :)Also, I forgot to add that the service is impeccable! Amazing!
5	OMG absolutely the best Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas. Took my dad there last night and it was absolutely fabulous. Not your everyday sushi bar. It's the place you go to on special occasion.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	One star Melt in your mouth delicious black cod miso. Wagyu new style absolute a NO NO, taste just like Wagyu drowned in lemon juice $80.00 two oz.I called and bring it to their manager's attention.  All plates was recommended by their server.  He said next time order something non citrus.  Fine dining professionalism, I don't think so.Look at my yellowtail & Wagyu dishes, both soaked in lemon juice.Everything else is plain, All sashimi just basic & none of the plates have diping sauce.  Plain soy sauce and ginger either. bla bla which I can go anywhere.Look at my review on Sushi Samba that's real sushi.  Each plate have the executive signature dipping sauce.  You want real fine dine experience,   Go to Palazzo, it's real sushi & real chef :-)
5	"Kids" treated us all the dinner at Nobus.....I can't even list everything we had...but I think they ordered a really nice and pricey Omakase...at first I was a little worried that we were gonna leave hungry, but the dishes kept coming and coming and coming....my favorites were the scallops and black cod wrapped in a shredded potato and fried, the wagyu beef and lobsters and the deep fried shrimp head as well as the soft shell crab...the mirugai sushi was also really good....It's the kind of place where you're really glad you got to go, but I know I couldn't afford to be a regular there.....just to glad to have had the experience.Service was good and the restaurant decor was again, impressive!
5	Hubby and I had a nice date night here. The restaurant is chic with a romantic ambiance.  For starters we shared the snapper dry miso, a field of greens salad and a spicy acai martini.  We also had the spicy tuna roll, yellowtail jalapeno roll, and their signature dish: the black cod miso. The sushi and fish was fresh, flavorful and d'lish.  We were full from dinner, so we had a light dessert and shared the mochi ice cream - 4 flavors: chocolate, coconut, green tea, and mango with some hot green tea.  All the dishes were presented beautifully, tasted wonderful, and the service was great.
2	Dishonest Establishment. Waitresses are shady; stripper shady. Always check your bill.
5	My friend been dying to asked me and my wife for a double date. For once I decided okay, what could possibly go wrong in Nobu. I am right? Nothing goes wrong. Everything was perfect and absolutely delightful. My wife is pregnant and her option is limited. But she absolutely enjoyed her meal.A few must try dish however is Softshell crab and watermelon combo. I didn't even ordered this dish, the manager is nice enough to send us this complimentary awesome dish. Next worth mention item is the crispy rice. I mean, its rice deep fried with spicy tuna on top, what so great about it right??? The presentation!! They make it look like a nice delicious rice lollypop. They have great miso cod and OMG that pork belly appetizers just melt in your mouth.
5	Favorite sushi joint anywhere. If there is a Nobu in town, I am going. The Ceaser's Palace Nobu is fantastic. Love getting a spot at the sushi bar and taking the recommendations of the chefs that night.
1	I have been to Nobu in Los Angeles and I found this Las Vegas place to be just a pretense of a restaurant. All show, no substance. I don't mind paying money to get good food. I do, however, resent being exploited with a celebrity chef name and being served simply bad food. Servers are nice, manager was apologetic and sincere. However, there are too many other legitimately good restaurants to give this another try.
5	This is the best meal we have had in vegas. The lobster is amazing and the tempora is worth mentioning. Try the free range chicken if you have someone in your group who is afraid of seafood. Can't wait to go back.
5	One word:  PhenomenalSpectacular dinner. We ordered the custom menu where the waiter and chefs select an omakase based on your requests and preferred price. For ~$175pp, we had amazing sashimi, wagyu, lobster.  Fresh.  Perfect.  Classic Nobu preparations with excellent balance of citrus, heat, etc.  Everything we expected and more. "Best dish of the night": an off-menu lobster "pasta" where the "pasta" was hearts of palm, served with a light(ish, given the composition) yuzu / buerre blanc.  Lobster was cooked perfectly, dish was amazing...A couple of things we would have skipped: - The Nobu signature shrimp... good, but heavy and not to our preference- Off-menu cherry dessert. Wonderful cherries (although prob too many), elegant sour cream ice cream, odd granola crumble (sesame seeds in the crumble seemed very out of place). But overall, amazing. We'll be back.
5	Most impressive from food to ambiance to service, nobu has it all. If you're going to pay top dollar for a dining experience nobu should be on your short list of places to visit. We let them make us a menu and I truly enjoyed every thing that was brought before us, including a few dishes that were the best I've ever had. Highly recommended!
5	Ok, that was such a good meal. This is what great food is supposed to taste like. Everything I ate was 3 dimensional-full of multiple flavors. Get the tacos-any one of them- they are all phenomenal! The sushi and yellow tail tuna was surprisingly excellent (I usually don't like raw fish-at all). Come and eat here soon and enjoy a one-of-a-kind experience!
5	Gold digger. Nobu, the food is five stars and the service is five stars.  My girlfriend and I sat at the sushi bar and we order scallops, and mackerel, some rolls with real crab in it, cherry desert, banana spring roll, hamachi Kama, shrimp and lobster sizzling plate thing with mushrooms in it. Yeah it's a fancy pantsy place so the food is always good.The thing I like about going to fancy pantsy places is just being in the environment around successful upper middle class folks. I'm still young and want to drive a tesla model s one day. Okay back to gold digger. The thing I love about eating on the strip is listening to other peoples conversations. We sat down next to this couple, you can tell they were on the first date, this lady was asking all kinds of questions to this dude who was boring like gluten free food. She was hottt, like really hott and there was no chemistry but he paid for the meal with a American Express card. She was rubbing on him like a porno video and I'm sipping on my iced tea with Splenda. Anyways all the chefs at the sushi bar was taking glances at her and so was I.  I'm not judging, maybe this chick really had a true love of her life but couldn't marry him because he was poor but lived a magical life with him till he died in a tragic mountain climbing expedition. She's just an empty shell now and shut all possibility of love and has to use her beauty to seduce a rich man who will display affection and comfort with Las Vegas good food like Nobu.Poor lady. Anyways the food was really good and the chefs were smiling.
4	BUT WAY overpriced for what it was..........WAY overpriced.  $300 for two people and we had one drink, I think?  She might have had two.  Food and service excellent but for that price I have had some exquisite meals..........and this one wouldn't reach that category.  I know it's fairly new and famous but really?  $300+??  And that wasn't for the most expensive meal.  Prix fixed menu pricing at different levels and some ala carte pricing.  So you CAN spend more.  Menu includes everything from soup to appetizer to dessert, along with main course obviously.Desert fantastic.  Our chef was a bore compared to one at table next to us.  He was nice but NOT entertaining as he should have been.  He did answer questions as to recommendations and explained food choices.  Located in Ceasars and the newer Nobu hotel.  I say try it once IF you can afford it and want a japanese Teppanaki style dinner but I will NOT be back for a second experience at this price.Website:  Please, please check out menus BEFORE going.....: http://www.nobucaesarspalace.com/restaurants/nobu.html#.U-LM3qNmasM
5	I went here for a friend's bachelor party. I have to say, the service was spectacular and top notch for fine dining. I don't even know what we ordered. We went with the chef's suggestion, where they have a variety of dishes they put together for a total meal. I have to say, it was the best sushi I've ever had in my life. But it also, comes with a very high price tag. I would love to come often, but it was very expensive. Maybe I might come here next time I'm in Vegas. (Pics will be uploaded soon)
5	This place is awesome.  We go here every time visit Las Vegas.  Food is expensive but well worth it.  My favorite dishes here are the lobster tempura, japanese wagyu, and pork belly kushi.  I amazed at the flavors of every dish that we had.  The Wagyu was $228 for 6 oz. but perfect.  Worth every cent.  I will definitely be back soon.
5	Amazing food and service! Pricy but worth the price for the taste and service. A few family members have food allergies but they were very accommodating and nobody got sick!
5	Been there So Many times of Nobu in Vegas This one never disappointed me It always as good as usual!'The food the environment the proffisional stuff there all amazing It's expensive but it worth every penny of money!!!!
5	If ever in Las Vegas, you must eat at Nobu Restaurant.  Inside the Cesars Palace.  The food was phenomenal, japanese food with peruvian spices.  OMG.  Service was great also.
5	I've been waiting quite a long time to eat a Nobu, and I finally had the experience last week.  Luckily, I have been in Vegas for work, so have had the opportunity to try some great restaurants.  So far, Nobu may have been the most expensive, but also the most delicious!We opted to let the server make the menu for us and gave him a price point.  We went with about $100 - $125 per person, and we were all blown away.  I don't know what most of the dishes were called because we let the waiter pick.  However, I will describe the hightlights.1) Favorite dish was the Miso Cod.  I'm not sure what Chef Nobu does to make it better than all of the other Cod dished I have had, but it was amazing.  This dish just melted on my mouth.2) There was a raw whitefish with some chili powder flavor on it.  It was what we started with and was delicious3) Seared Salmon Belly was also awesome.  It was tender and the sauce it was paired with was great4) Dessert was a shave ice bowl with green beens, mochi, and other flavors.  It was a bit sweet, but also really good.The only thing that I was not crazy about was the sushi selection.  There were 2 rolls that came, that I did not particularly enjoy.  The lobster roll was nothing fancy, and the nobu roll was a bit too "fishy' of a taste.  The Tuna sushi was really good, as was the seared salmon sushi.  Overall, a great meal with great service.  The price was a little much, and for me I felt it was a little excessive.  Definitely a 5 star evening.
5	Everything you have heard is true...it's back breaking expensive and worth the gastronomic investment!  If money is no object, go and don't look back.  If money is tight, go and make concessions for other meals...it's worth it! This was by a long shot my favorite meal in LV...probably one of my top two favorite meals of 2014 so far.  The food is incredible, the atmosphere, music and general ambiance, is both sexy and fun.  I would have gladly eaten there several times if I had unlimited funds.I have always been interested in Nobu  during my many trips to NYC.  The locations there are very hard to get into at a decent hour, so when I was easily able to score a table at the location in Caesars at a prime time it was a no-brainer.We had many different items...all were incredible...but here were our favorites:Miso Marinated Black Cod--plain and simply ridiculous eating pleasure...hard to explain how good this is.  The fish is cooked perfectly and the top is almost like a creme brulee from the miso marinade.  Crackly, sweet and a perfect match for the succulent, luxurious black cod beneath it.Crispy rice with big eye tuna...a  phenomenal combination of sushi grade tuna and crunch.Mini bite sized tacos, salmon and wagyu...perfect crispy meat filled bites.  They are small, but flavor and texture perfection.Yellowtail Sahimi with jalapeno--doesn't sound special, but the glistening, fresh fish, sitting in a delicate citrus sauce, with the slightest slice of jalapeno on top is flavor magic on the tongue.  The yellowtail is mellow and smooth, with a hint of sweet and acidic citrus and a touch of heat from the pepper.  Better than I could ever make it sound with words.Finally dessert...Nobu Shaved ice...this one again on paper did nothing for me...Shaved ice, with condensed milk poured over it, toasted coconut, bean paste and tofu ice cream...doesn't even sound appealing in all honesty...I couldn't stop eating it!I can't wait to go back!
4	Excellent. The sushi here is incredibly fresh, and some of the best I have ever had. Service was outstanding as well. Eaten here twice now, and the rest of the courses are hit and miss. None are bad, but some are just OK to good, whereas the sushi is incredible. Liked the tacos, although they are tiiiiiny, the size of a thumbnail, for $10 each. Black miso cod was good, but not amazing. Neither was dessert. Sushi was really their strong point. Definitely worth checking out.
4	I would give this place 4.5 Stars for quality and price.  Black Miso Cod was definitely a 5, but I wish the skin was crispy.  As for the Fries, it was the best fries I've ever had even though it was $9.  Ramen was below average because the noodle were soggy and overcooked.  The broth was pretty good though.  I would definitely come back again as this place is cheaper than I thought it would be.  Maybe it's just Vegas cuz I'm sure the Beverly Hills location will cost much more.
4	I guess I really don't need to write a review since it really doesn't matter what anyone says people will continue to flock to this famous restaurant. But let me do one anyways for kicks. We came here for a late night snack after shopping at the outlet. Made reservations for 9 pm - came in on time and the restaurant was packed still, but we were seated promptly at our table. At first glance I thought it would be ridiculously uncomfortable to sit at the low tables but they were very comfortable and fit the atmosphere well. Music loud and beautiful people everywhere(obviously me included) like a night club. The waitress came by, who (I must admit) was also beautiful, decided our menu for us. We told her what we liked and disliked and how much we wanted to spend. $150 for both of us I told her, she had to clarify and say each or for the table. Since the mid range omakase is like $200 per person. Trying to be cool and not look cheap - I told here we had dinner already, which for the record is the truth. The 4 dishes came they were all excellently prepared and delicious (yes 4 dishes for $150 including tax and tips). The food runner different for each dish it seems explain exactly what we were eating and how to eat it.The experience was great, from the night club like atmosphere, to the service and the food, one must eat a Nobu at least once in a life time to say they did it.
5	I'll start by acknowledging that we were one of those tables with the allergies and the vegetarian, which makes me cringe when I tell the server. However, we were greeted with a "no problem"! What the...  These guys know what they are doing. Their menu knowledge is off the charts. I'm used to hearing "let me check.."  anytime I have a food question at all other restaurants. Not here! Left it in their hands and because of that we were treated to items not found on the menu and special presentations of the regular menu items. If you are going to go there and attempt to fumble through the menu yourself or order chicken teriyaki you are doing yourself a disservice. Even the people that delivered the food identified the dish was allergy safe. Impressive.  Expensive? Yes. But isn't that why there are sites like this?! I saw the $$$$ signs so knew what we were getting into.  Don't walk into a Lexus dealership with the budget for a Hyundai. I'll be back! A great feeling knowing I don't have to roll the dice on a great meal out.
5	Absolutely Amazing!  The ambiance is very soothing and almost makes you forget that you are in the loud bustling Caesars Palace. The bills came out to about $90 per person, but I can honestly say that is 100% worth every penny. This is the type of restaurant that everyone should visit at least once in their lifetime.I had the black miso cod and the pork belly skewers.  Every single bite completely melts in your mouth. In a single word... Umami.  The servers here also were great at pairing drinks with your order to maximize the flavor profile.  To end my meal, my server recommended the chocolate cake with green tea bento box.  I am by no means a sweet tooth. In fact, I actually do not like sweet foods... But OH MY GOD!  This was the best ending to my favorite meal ever. I can confidently say now that this is my new 'death row meal'!I left the restaurant completely satisfied, yet wanting to return back even though I was already full.  No matter what it takes, you must come try this amazing restaurant :)
5	I went on a random trip to Vegas with a bunch of friends and highly recommended to everyone that we had to dine at Nobu. Sure enough, we were NOT disappointed. This restaurant is absolutely amazing. A very trendy and upscale atmosphere with some of the most amazing food I've ever had. Our waiter did mention to us that Nobu is not known for their sushi, but boy was he wrong. We had some of the most amazing sushi ever at Nobu. Their most unforgettable plate was the Yellowtail Sahimi with jalapeno. PURE PERFECTION!  I will definitely be back again.
4	Very, very good food, but still drastically overpriced. Maybe I'm just not used to Las Vegas restaurants, but $300 on dinner for two (no alcohol) is still a lot to me. The most impressive part of the meal was probably the carpaccio type cold plates that made up the front part of the meal. Very interesting pairings of sashimi with citrus and chilies. Probably the best was the yellowtail with a paper-thin shaving of jalapeno and dressed with cilantro and yuzu ponzu. The warm preparations were also very good, but I was unimpressed with the "signature" black cod in miso glaze -- perfectly executed but quite simple and similar to many dishes I have had in Japan at far lower prices. At $200 for dinner I would have been happy; at $300 it's just overpriced. Further, charging $10 a bottle for water (no complimentary water offered) is an insult to customers. Nobu is lucky he can cook.
4	Nobu has a wonderful reputation of first class service and amazing dishes. Here to say the Las Vegas restaurant is not exception. They prepare eve thing family style and will create menus to suit your tastes and budget. Sarika guided us through the menus and choices.  Fantastic service. The best dish was the black cod in a miso glaze. Wonderful. My only reservation is that you need to be cognizant of both your food and beverage budget. Outside of that, enjoy the wonderful flavors of the freshest fish in town,
5	I've had three meals at Japanese restaurants in the last two weeks and this one was the best.  The food was great and service was outstanding!I made a 5 PM reservation because I wanted to have plenty of time to do one of the omakase options and I wanted to have enough time before the 7:30 show at the Colosseum.  Matthew was my server.  He explained the menu to me after I was seated and then he answered questions I had about the omakase and the time requirements.  I ended up with the Signature omakase which consists of 7 courses plus dessert.  Two hours later, the meal was over and it was excellent.Course 1 was a vegetable temaki.  Thin, long pieces of vegetables in very tasty nori.Course 2 was the Nobu sashimi salad.  I don't remember the names of the different fish for several of the courses.  Suffice it to say that the salad was plated nicely and the fish selection was good.Course 3 was the sushi course with nigiri sushi.  Besides the sushi, there was a cube of crispy rice topped with salmon tartare and some roe.  I was advised to eat the sushi from left to right.  Everything was excellent and the crispy rice finish was superb!Course 4 was the last cold course.  It was called the tartare course and there was a salmon tartare in the center in a homemade ponzu sauce, yellowtail to the left, and a whitefish ceviche.  The courses represented the chef's time in South America and had excellent flavors.  I was advised to eat the tartare first.  I was given a small serving spoon to carefully spread the roe on top and then advised to dip straight down and have some roe, tartare, and sauce with each bite.  Excellent.  Then it didn't matter which side I ate but they advised that is save the yamamomo, Japanese mountain peach, for last to transition to the next course.Course 5 was the first hot course and it was black cod miso wrapped in a leaf and opened by the server at the table.  The fish was superbly cooked and was very tasty.Course 6, the second hot course, was beef tenderloin with enoki mushrooms and an asparagus spear.  It was brought with a napkin covering the top to protect the server as he lifted the top off the cast iron pan.  It was steaming it was so hot.  The flavor was marvelous!Course 7 was back to a cold course.  This was a small serving of green tea noodles in a delightful sauce.Dessert was a bento box with a chocolate cake with a scoop of green tea ice cream and some fresh berries.  It was a fairly light and delicious way to end the meal.The time passed quickly, the food was great, and the service matched.  The restaurant became quite busy.
4	Came here and sat at the sushi bar alone, better than not coming at all. :) I ordered the tasting menu. They gave me a choice of $125 or $175. I figured go big or go home so I got the more expensive. All of the cold courses were amazing. Just what you would expect. The standouts were the 1st course octopus and 2nd tuna tartar. After that were sashimi and sushi which included no salmon (they asked what I liked in the beginning and I said salmon) and I was suprised they didn't give me any. Then came the prepared food. Scallop really good. Wagu beef melt in your mouth but very fatty and greasy. Would not get again and the beef was why I paid the $50 more. There was a cold noodle dish as last course before dessert that was boring and forgettable. Dessert was good. I had to order sashimi salmon and pay separately which was $ and unfair in my opinion seeing as I was sitting at sushi bar and voiced that I liked salmon. If I did it again I would get the $125 menu and skip the wagu and be more vocal that I wanted salmon when they brought my sushi/sashimi course. Overall, amazing sushi. That's why you go to Nobu anyway so stick with that and you won't regret it. Spent $280 for myself!!! Very $
2	Good service, but too much over price, $400 after tips for two of us, that price I can eat much much moore better sashimi at Los Angel, won't go back anymore
1	So I don't eat sushi but I went for a batch party and the bride along with the other 10 girls I went with all eat sushi these girls had nothing but complaints about the food.  They said it is so over priced for the quality of food they also said they wouldn't go back next time they go to Vegas.  Since I don't eat sushi I was left with almost nothing to eat I could either get 2 tiny chicken squares or a $35 steak and that was not what I wanted right before heading out to the bars so I got the tiny chicken and edemame which was not filling but those were my choices.
4	The food was amazing! There wasn't a dish that our table didn't love. However, they state the tacos are sharable, and they're not. They're about 10-15 a pop and they are bite sized. Our bill for a 5 people was over $900 (with drinks). Very pricy.
5	My experience at Nobu was nothing short of spectacular. We did the chef's tasting menu, where you basically tell your waiter your likes and dislikes, and they ask you your budget per person and put something together for you.There wasn't a single dish that wasn't amazing. Regular sushi is now ruined for me.Approx $200 a person for what we ate/drank don't go in expecting a bargain, and you won't be disappointed.
5	If someone told me I only had one more place to eat at... Id choose this place. If you go ask for Chris! He was phenomenal and helped us get the best dishes. We did the "Nobu experience" and I couldn't pick which one was my favorite because they were all so amazing.
4	There were three of us. Atmosphere was great. Menu was confusing on what to share, what to do. Once we studied it, we decided that two of us would share traditional California Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll sushi to begin. These were very fresh and very good.  It was probably one of the best but not the best we have had. Then, these two would share the Shrimp and Lobster with Spicy Lemon ($38). It was served in a small deep dish skillet with veggies. It was a good size dish actually. I was afraid we were taking a risk to share, but it worked out. It was more pepper than a spicy with the lemon flavor. It was good but not over the top amazing. The other person ordered miso soup. She liked it fine. She ordered chicken and veggie skewer ($15 ea) and white rice. She liked it well. Glass of wine ranged $15-$19 each. I had the $19 Russian river glass. It was great. Various cocktails looked fun.Final bill was approx $60 each.
5	Excellent!! Tasting menu was unbelievable and very nicely served and explained. Expensive but worth it.
5	I met some colleagues here for dinner and a we all had a wonderful meal. All 4 chose the black cod miso on the recommendation of one who has been here before. It was a great choice. Tender, flavorful and perfectly done. Also great sushi, sashimi, skewers and amazing wagyu beef potstickers which we ordered twice. We just kept eating and eating!
4	So I have been to Nobu in a few different cities but haven't been in Vegas since this one opened. I'm not a big fan of Caesars but I was ready to stay here to stay at the Nobu hotel. Only problem was whether intentional or not the reservation agent on the phone pretty much talked me out of it. However, I still absolutely had to dine at the restaurant. Love this place and the food is amazing at every location, no matter what you order but this one loses a star bc the bartender, although really nice was very aggressive about trying to get me to spend more money than I had hoped too. First he mentions all these specials not on the menu and when I said I would try 1 he said it's either $80 or $120 depending on how I want it prepared. I guess I should be flattered that I looked so wealthy to him but it really was obnoxious. After that anything I ordered or that he suggested I had to ask the price of and he still was dishonest with some house special roll that was supposed to be $30 something and on my check, which I didn't look at carefully until after I left I was charged $40 something. He also made me a drink I didn't like bc he didn't want me to start with the drink I wanted too and charged me for the drink I didn't like or drink???They were out of ingredients for 3 drinks I tried to order and basically for this level restaurant I was very disappointed with the service and selection. I had to ask for a glass of water 3 times before getting it and for spending about $200, by myself I was not so impressed with the service I received. However I love Nobu so I'm sure I will be back anyway.
5	After a few disappointing dining experiences in Vegas, we went to Nobu on the last night of our trip.  We were NOT disappointed.  We ordered the Omakase (literally means "I leave it to you"), which is a fixed price meal prepared as the chef decides.  It began with sushi (not americanized sushi with crazy sauces) that was incredible. Simple, but complex flavors, elegantly prepared.  We moved on to Nobu's famous miso black cod. Every bite was exquisite.  We moved on to the beef course, which was also incredible, before dessert.  If you're a sushi fan, this is the ultimate destination.
3	you must be tripping if you think this restaurant deserves 4+ stars. how the hell can you justify $20+ for seared hamachi with jalapeno? It's the same damn dish served by 50%+ of the other japanese restaurants out there, except it's $10 more expensive!  The quality of the food isn't bad, but it sure isn't on par with a Sasabune or Sushi-Zo. And there's nothing innovative about the menu at all that you cant get from most other japanese restaurants, so quality is really a big weighing factor here!I get that there's a certain premium that you're expected to pay to dine at a prime location in Caesars, but they are literally bending you over the table, pulling down your pants, and....well, you get the idea.The service was pretty good, so if you are looking to have dinner in a nice, upscale restaurant, and don't mind paying exorbitantly for decent food, then by all means this would be a respectable choice. But just know that you can very easily take a cab 10 min off the strip to any number of japanese restaurants that serve same or higher quality dishes at 1/3  ~ 1/2 of the cost.I was browsing through a yelp review while i was there to see what to order, and i actually saw a reviewer sitting at the table next to us who gave the restaurant 5 stars. She was eating some maki rolls by nudging a roll with her chopsticks...onto a spoon, and then eating out of the spoon. Her bf is a lucky, lucky man....
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas and I've tried tons! The food is outstanding! Do not leave without trying the black cod - it melts in your mouth. And definitely order the rock shrimp tempura as an appetizer. You will not be sorry! Those two are staples. Their sushi is also fantastic! Nobu in any city never fails to impress.
1	Long wait and poor service as well as over priced. Enjoy! Sushi was ok but not in anyway the best we have had. Large sake is $44 each... Fun times..
5	Holy shit. This place was amazing. My first time in Vegas, myself and 3 friends went here for my friend's birthday. Really didn't know what to expect but was going with the flow since she had her heart set on it. We were baffled by the menu and ended up doing the chef's choice as a recommendation from the server. I'm not super adventurous, don't like sushi and honestly thought I wouldn't like some of the items but EVERYTHING was incredible. I was freaking out during the meal, "oohing" and "ahhing" with every bite. Service was great, they were attentive, treated us well even though we were noobs and explained every dish in detail. Definitely one of the most memorable meals of my life. And the most expensive. But hey it's Vegas.
5	This place...... This place is just wonderful. There is nothing that I can write that could possibly tell you how much I love this restaurant. But as a Yelper, I must try. I literally had several dishes that could easily all be on my top favorite dishes in my life. The top being the first thing that I ate. The glorious Chilean Sea Bass! When you get it, you will look at it, then say WTF?! It's a salad with some fried tofu on top. Get that shit away. You would have made the biggest mistake of your life. This is such a succulent filling fish that has an out of this world taste that cannot be described other that sex on a fucking platter. They would just bring use sushi and sashimi. And literally no matter what they brought out was amazing. I thought I had already had the best sushi I could possibly have but I was wrong. They use spices that I have never had in my life and I love it. This has to be the next best thing next to having sushi in Japan. If Japan is better than this place I might not ever leave that country. As long as I could order this food in Japanese I could care less about anything else. After just typing that I realize it sounds like I'm a drug addict. I can easily see how this food is drug like. It is a completely euphoric experience. Yes, the decor is gorgeous and feels oh so luxurious but I could care less if this food came from a dumpster. IT IS THAT GOOD. GO HERE BEFORE YOU DIE!!!! A FOODIES BUCKET LIST MUST!!special notes:-excellent service-ok drinks
4	No doubt that their fish is fresh and high quality but it was way overpriced. The signature black cod was great but it wasn't good enough for its price. I'd recommend to try their sushi/sashimi and cold appetizer  only, that's the only way to get your money worth. And drink before you go, buy your own sake because their house sake was whopping $44 for 12oz.
5	After read many reviews of this place and am awed by the vast divergence. I will say this place isn't cheap perhaps somewhere else is a better choice if $$$-$$$$ per person is above your comfort zone. However, I was anticipating a highlight of my dining experience and prepared to do my part.Ok having set my mindset.  My server was excellent with a vast knowledge of the menu and willing to spend the time so I could understand. The menu is huge. Don't go here for an old favorite from somewhere else. Let them take you on a culinary adventure you will never forget.My recommendation is the chefs prix fixe menu this comes at three different levels.  I opted for the top level.  I believe there were 5 courses each having several different components. As they will be different for you I will not bore you with every item but say that each was amazing. There was Wagu, diver scallop, foie gras, fish selections I have never seen before and the best caviar legally available in this count, straight from Russia house.  And if that is not enough gold leaf on one item.It was beautiful and each item completely explained as it was presented.If cheap fish is what you want I know a great Vietnamese place on Spring Mountain road that has the best whole flounder for cheap and deboned table side. If an experience is what you want then look no further in Las Vegas.
4	Server was great with lots of options and choices to meet everyone's taste.  I am not a big seafood and fish person and this is the place to learn to like both...and all the courses were very good, including the beef Toban-Yaki andt the white firsh Tiradito.  This is my second time at Nobu and the place in Honolulu is still the favorite for me!  That was a 5 star, this I give 4.
5	Wowza, Nobu is fantastic! I visited with a group of co-workers during a recent business trip to Las Vegas, and was lucky to have the opportunity to eat here.We ordered a little bit of everything, as is the Nobu method, but the stand-outs were the peppers, many variations of edamame, sashimi and sea bass. AND, the black cod was TO DIE FOR. I could eat the black cod everyday, for the rest of my life, and be very, very happy. Order it!!The staff was incredibly knowledgable and helpful, and when my wine refill was clearly not right, they corrected it in 5 seconds. The environment is cool and cozy, and I would love to go back - hopefully when we return for the same event next year!
5	Incredibly attentive, but not too, service. Amazing meal. Refreshes the palette with every course. Very cool ambience.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in Vegas - maybe anywhere! I always make a point to visit when I am in town.Best dishes - rock shrimp (they should call it crack shrimp SO good)Yellowtail and jalapeno rollToban-Yaki beef (sizzling perfection)Black Cod - absolutely melts in your mouthamazing service, perfect ambience. It doesn't get any better!
4	Okay- its Nobu so expectations ran high, but for the most part Nobu delivered.  Wait staff was phenomenology and were helpful to guide us through the menu and to ensure we tasted different flavors.  Setting was loud and much more open then I would have preferred but given its location in side a hotel casino, still funky, and still an experience.  The customized offerings were delicious but that miso glazed sea bass might go down as the dish you want as your inevitable last meal it was done to such perfection.  Slightly caramelized at the very edges with a bit more texture than the velvety sweet bites of the rest of the dish was heavenly, and we almost ordered a second plate .
4	Glad I read many reviews before going to Nobu.  The rock shrimp tempura that so many recommended did not disappoint!...excellent stuff.... My favorite dish was the sea bass with balsamic teriyaki (hot dish) was one of the best seafood dishes I have ever had.  Although the rock shrimp tempura was great, the shrimp and vegetable tempura was disappointing, especially for 36 dollars.  The rock shrimp tempura is far cheaper and is much better. The prices are high, but the service never disappointed, and the decor was also very nice.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had. Our waiter was super helpful in walking us through the menu and everything he suggested was delicious- the tiradito was a particular standout. Highly recommended
4	Black Cod Miso. That is all that I really need to say, but I will continue... AMAZING. Just melts in your mouth and was so tasty! We also tried the sashimi plate and was greeted with very fresh sashimi. The place is modern and decorated nicely. Great Ambiance! The service was wonderful too. Again... Black Cod Miso.
4	Walking the Las Vegas Strip I worked up an appetite. I decided to check out  Nobu located in Caesars Palace because I LOVE SEAFOOD. Overall this restaurant is yummy. I was pleased to see that my favorite salad, the mushroom salad was on the menu which is not served at all Japanese restaurants. The entrees were small and the price was huge. This girl likes to eat so The bill was rather large. I had a shot of tequila which I regret. I loved the martini I do not recall having. I just remember I loved it according to my friend who was dining with me. Oh and I also had a few cocktails. (yummy cocktails with great flavors of fresh cucumber)I would compare Nobu to Sen of Japan which is another  fine dining Japanese restaurant. Both places have mushroom salads. Do not go to either of these places with a big stomach unless you expect to spend a couple hundred. The food quantity to a tapas restaurant.
5	Excellent!  I booked a week at Nobu Hotel inside the Caesar's palace and I had to give this place a try.  I am a sushi/sashimi lover, and the fusion of sushi/sashimi dishes I have seen in magazines, made me put this place in my top 10 sushi trips.I came for dinner, and there was a special menu.  It had samples of different types of sushi/sashimi, and even tapas style Japanese cuisine.  The plate, which included a variety of mini desert bites, was about $120, which was money well spent.This place is trendy, and definitely a spot to hit if you love sushi.  I didn't leave here bloated or wanting to explode.  I was satisfied with every bite1Most people complain about sushi prices, or claim to love sushi, but order sushi rolls.  Which cover the taste of the actual fish.  The presentation is beautiful and taste is superb.  If you enjoy all-you-can eat sushi for $15.99, this is not a place for you.You won't find poor quality fish here.I ordered a 8 piece High Roller bento box for room service.  One of the pieces was lobster.  It was $250, now I see why it was called the High Roller, lolThis is a place I will be returning
3	I should preface this review by saying that I am a vegetarian and do not eat seafood. I asked our waiter what vegetarian options they had, and he suggested the tofu toban yaki and vegetables for $30. I asked if there were any off menu items, and the chef told him there was a tofu with cantaloupe salad also for $30. I ordered the latter, and there must have been some miscommunication because it ended up being so small, I wouldn't even call it an appetizer. I'm surprised they both cost $30 for such vastly different amounts of food. I promptly called our waiter over, and he willingly switched my entree for the tofu toban yaki and vegetable stir fry. This ended up being cooked in flamed sake, and it had a rich sake flavor, which I think was pretty unique. However, I'm kind of disappointed and feel ripped off that I essentially paid $30 for tofu and vegetable stir fry that didn't even include unique vegetables. Ultimately, it kind of sucked that my girlfriend and I weren't able to eat at the same time.My girlfriend ordered their black cod, one of their signature dishes, which she loved. This was a large piece of fish cooked well and included their miso sauce. I personally would not go back nor recommend this place to somebody who doesn't eat seafood. If you eat seafood, you'll probably like the food, but be prepared to pay out the wazoo.
5	We ordered our food Omakase, with very satisfying results. We were served several sashimi dishes, a tasty sushi platter which included blue fin tuna, a very rare ribeye steak in a sweet and spicy sauce and quite posibly the best black codfish I have ever had. Desert consisted of a shaved Figi ice covered in various fruits and almond ice cream. The resturant had a pleasant atmosphere and a friendly staff
5	Delicious food. Server was very polite and recommend delicious entrees. Everything served was amazing!!! Will definitely will come back.
3	Food: My newly fiancee ordered the black cod, crispy rice, salmon sushi, beef new style and eel roll.  The black cod was pretty good out of the things we ordered.  Food rating:  3.5/5Service:  Service here is pretty good here, kind of expected at an upscale place.Service rating:  4/5Price:  Kinda varies but expect to pay about $20 per item.Overall:  I was hoping the food here was great, but nothing that we tried really stood out.  The food was prepared very nicely but just tasted slightly bland.
5	Always top notch. Have never had a bad meal here. Some faves: shishito peppers, any of the rolls, the miso cod and cucumber martini are all amazing.
5	They are unique because they listen to your preferences and then customize the menu for the meal. They have great yellowtail with different sauces. The sushi rolls are great. They serve fish in different styles and the eggs(masago) are delicious. Highly recommend the chef's fish special. The service is great and the music, lighting, and seating is very comfortable.
5	My table had a large variety of food and everything was art with the perfect contrast of ingredients and we had outstanding service from our server Billy. He KNOWS the menu and all the servers are trained to set up a menu that agree with your preferences if you trust them enough to, which you should, but if not then go with anything on the menu and you'll be satisfied.
4	Ordered the $300 per person NYE omakase. Aside form this ridiculous price, I would say that unless you're really really curious, don't do it. Nobu is a celebrity hot spot and not exactly affordable or worth it to us common folk. You can get a better omakase for a lot cheaper without the Nobu name. Food wise, everything from start to finish had some kind of unnecessary add on or detail that made it exquisite. Most of it just tasted like ceviche haha but honestly the plating and the service and the experience was pretty impressive, but as for the food like I said you're not paying the $ just for food but also for the presentation.Omakase included a few items not usually available to the general public such as the endangered blue fin tuna. Enjoyed my experience, but would rather buy an IPad. Haha
5	We never even peeked at the menu, since this was our first time, Omakase ($125) was the best way to experience the varied menu. We told our server that we are adventurous diners, we love spicy and we preferred not to have uni since the husband isn't a fan - we left the rest to him. I had a fantastic sauvignon blanc with dinner and the husband really enjoyed the Sake selection. He sampled two excellent chilled varieties: black label and aged.  Our tasting included many of Nobu's signature dishes. We started with Yellowtail with jalapeno. This is a favorite of ours, it's a must whenever we go for sushi. It certainly did not disappoint. The next dish was Tasmanian Ocean Trout, it was rich and creamy. Very different from the delicate and refreshing yellowtail. The next course was Live Scallop with rocoto paste. It was beautifully presented and it tasted even better than it looked. The scallops melted like butter and the heat from the rocoto pepper awakened our taste buds. We enjoyed  chili so much, we were ready to book a trip to Peru.Next, we sampled some hot dishes, beginning with the Black Cod Miso. This was delicious. The fish was buttery and the miso gave it the ideal amount of sweetness. I understand why it is one of their most popular dishes. Rock Shrimp with jalapeno followed. Now these were tasty morsels. Shrimp is so often overcooked, but not these. Perfection. And highly addictive. For the next course, the focus was on land rather than sea with the Tenderloin of Beef Toban Yaki. The scent of this dish was intoxicating. The beef was prepared very well and it was tasty. However, it was our least favorite. We wrapped up dinner with a sample of Tuna and Salmon Sushi. Both rolls were simplistic, but incredibly yummy. The rice was beautifully seasoned, key for great sushi. Finally, we finished with a vanilla dessert and a variety of mochi. A lovely end to an exceptional meal.If you can swing it, the Omakase is an awesome experience. Keeping it simple by choosing a few small plates would be totally worthwhile, too.
5	I took my wife here for her birthday and had one of the best meals in Las Vegas. But before I start with the review, it's super expensive!! Only come here if your willing to drop some money, I was shocked when the bill came. The place is so nice, excellent customer service. I let the waitress order for us, she brought us some amazing  appetizers to start off. The one thing on the menu that is a must is the Wagye beef, best meat I ever had!! Hand downs the best!! The quality of the sushi is great and super fresh. The shave ice is made with Fiji water so u definitely taste the different. I would recommend this place for a special occasion.
5	The best Sushi Network ever!!!We have been at Nobu in Mexico City so wanted to check it in Vegas as well. And as expected it was awesome too!!! Service is great!!! Meal is fabulous! Worth every dollar!
5	Excellent service and meal. I allowed them to prepare our meal after understanding any dietary restrictions with my party. Excellent selection. Highly recommended.
