4	I needed my Palm trees trimmed and my friend recommended First Choice Tree Service to me.   I have tried cutting them myself and it was well worth the money to have these people come out and do it instead.   They even trimmed more off the bottom of the trees where I did my own chop-job which made them look way better.  They came out right away which was great.  I will definitely use them again.
5	First off...If I could give 10 stars, this company would get them.  I called First Choice Tree Service for an estimate and Eddy was at my house the next day.  He had an estimate to me the following morning and the appointment was set for 3 days later.  Eddy was awesome!  I called the office and asked for their proof of insurance and within minutes, I had 10 pages of documentation in my email.  The crew showed up bright and early this morning, along with Eddy.  I was really concerned about an apricot and peach tree that I didn't want damaged.  I was assured they would be safe.  This crew took 6 trees down (2 of which were very large pine trees) and not a single thing in our yard was damaged, including an antique wagon.  They even cut a few discs of pine for me to use as a cake stand.All of the guys were very courteous and cleaned up the yard so well.  We are extremely impressed and couldn't be more thrilled with this company.  Everyone was so helpful, everything was explained and they were true to their word on the service.  You will not be disappointed in this company.  Guaranteed.
5	Kudos to a great company. If you have looked at any of my posts about other tree services in town, you know that I may have a bit of a chip on my shoulder. That being said, First Choice exceeded my expectations. Great customer service, tremendous follow up/through, best prices I found, and quick turnaround from initial call to completion of the service.I would highly recommend these guys to anyone. Special thanks to Roe for restoring my faith in Vegas tree service companies. Roe was amazing.
5	Excellent and excellent! I needed to get my pine tree cut down and called two tree service companies. One company (Pro Tree Service) promised me a quote and never called me back. First Choice, on the other hand called me back with a quote the next day.  Eddy was my contact and he was professional, courteous, and honest.  He quoted me a VERY reasonable price to cut down my pine tree and to prune two other trees. They did the job while I was at work and when I got home you could not even tell major yard work was done as they cleaned up so well after themselves.  They did quality work and I HIGHLY recommend them. Excellent excellent!
5	We use First Choice every year for our palm trees.  They are excellent.  Our HOA has an arrangement for them to come out annually.  They arrive on time, do the job well, and clean up.  Eddy is my contact.  I recommend them highly.
1	Scheduled an appointment for trimming weeks ahead of time due to how busy they are this time of year, booked for the 7th and was told this morning upon confirming that they had forgotten to book us - so they apologized and said that someone would be here between 1 and 2pm today. no one showed up or even called. I'm beyond done with this company. if you like to be forgotten and treated porly call first choice tree service - they're perfect for you
