1	A few friends and I went last Saturday, on their opening night, to catch a few college football games.  Huge let down.First, the service was horrible.  The four of us sat down and waited for 15 minutes before going to order from the bar.  Even upon returning to our seats and finishing up our drinks, still couldn't get a waitress.  (I should mention that although it was their opening night, the place was not busy and there was no excuse to not get service at all...)  Thumbs down.Second, and most importantly!, Babe's is a sports bar... or so I thought.  Despite the baseball and football paraphernalia all over the place, the tvs were playing a music video channel (think: Sandbar) and even after asking the bartender (three times) to change a few of the 1,000 tvs in the place to a certain football game, he refused... he said there is 'nothing he can do.'  Huh.  Thumbs WAY down.Overall, not a great location, awful service and not the place to go if you want a sports bar rather than a mini-club/lounge.  Will not go back...everrrr.
4	Been there a few times.....great option for those living around Scottsdale/Shea. Have not had ANY issues with the service...in fact, my friend was given free coffee because he said he was cold!  LOTS of TVs....friendly staff and food was good.  I haven't tried much of the food, but the wings were good and that is typically a good barometer for me with sports bars.  Good drink specials and a nice space with outdoor patio area. Definitely NOT worth 1 star....
5	This place is part of chain in the metro area, so several people I know spoke of it by reputation.  I was advised that it was a good place to watch a game as it had good bar food, a good selection of alcohol, and young, attractive scantily-clad women.I endeavored to patronize this establishment.  Finally made it, and I was impressed with the layout of the place.  No matter where you sit, you have a good angle on a couple of televisions (the key to a good sports bar).  Typical bar menu, but the food was good.  Had a number of good beers on tap, and the bar was stocked with premium liquors.   And the service was excellent.  I'll definitely go back.
3	Off to a slow start it seems... I have tried lunch here twice and was practically alone. I have heard the happy hour does pretty well and intend to try that soon. Good grub and good prices will hopefully see them through. The location could be an issue...
1	First of all the name is misleading... No, "Babes" in sight!... Anywhere!!!!  Secondly, if you like 90's headbanging mix blasting in your ear throughout lunch, this is your spot.  Thirdly, the food is an expanded appetizer menu disguised as a lunch/dinner menu - there was not one thing that you have not seen before at a potato skin festival.  The service... The waitress got our order wrong.  Silverware??? You need some, sir?  Atmosphere... Good, but bring your glasses for the tons on mini TV's.So, to sum it up - food options were pedestrian, poor and tasted bad... No hot chicks... Super loud headbanger music... The service Suuuucked bad... And finally small TVs.  There is no question why it is failing.  Do yourself a favor and spend a few extra bucks and go to Sandbar around the corner or Blue32 down Scottsdale road at Indian Bend.  Would never go back to Babes!!!Patrick N. above must be an investor, friend or Yelp plant because nobody can get a restauant this wrong out of the gate.
1	Sat for 30 mins and never got any service and the place was pretty dead.
1	closed!
