3	This is a new Self Serve Yogurt place that is right by our house. Since the small strip mall thing behind fills opened with Josie's and subway I have been meaning to get over there.The time had finally come and we headed to Josie's. We walked in and well it smelled like Subway, that is due to the connection between the two establishments, there is a cut through doorway so you can go between the two. On your left you have a very bright colored Hippie-esque vibe with yogurt and to the right you have a 5 dollar footlong factory that had a very very Strong tuna fish presence for some reason...  The Young lady working the counter was very quiet and did not say a lot but she definitely kept a very close eye on us, which I question, did we walk in with that thuggish sway? Was it something I said? Or do you think we are going to line up at the machines and do a soft serve stand? Hmmmmmm?  The selection is Limited for toppings, and as far as the yogurt flavors they had, plain tart, banana cream pie, cheese cake, chocolate, and vanilla.  So as you can see, nothing to extravagant. We got our yogurt added some toppings while the young lady watched our every move and began eating.. Now I am not some crazy yo-Master or whatever it is called but this yogurt melts crazy fast, I looked up and had a short conversation and boom I had a milk shake. For me, I will continue to go to yoguls.. the .33 cent per ounce was a good price but the quality and selection was just not up to par for me. Sorry if you and Josie have an intimate relations but she is not the cold sweet girl for me!
5	Awesome stuff!  Love that they don't use high-fructose corn syrup and have offerings sweetened with stevia.  They had many flavors, definitely more than the previous reviewer mentioned.  Will definitely be returning.
4	For the first time, I really felt I wasn't over indulging on froyo.  The ones I have been to uses high fructose corn syrup.  This has crystallized sugar.  They also have stevia sweetened offerings for the diabetic customers.  I have to say, it does melt fast.  Maybe they don't use artificial stabilizers.  They also claim that they have a lower glycemic and caloric counts.  When you have a bite, you can't tell this froyo is better for you.  Just make sure you eat pretty fast because of the meting factor.  I would give it a 5 star rating, but I didn't enjoy that the establishment shares an opening to Subway.  It is just weird to walk into a froyo place and smell the bread and tuna from the other store.  Maybe they are owned by the same owner or something, but this was really irritating.
5	By far the best tasting frozen yogurt I have ever.  It is so creamy and delicious.  My favorite part is that it's not loaded with high fructose corn syrup.  Which I believe to be hazardous to your health regardless of what those stupid commercials tell you!   They always have tons of fun flavors all of which are so delicious!
4	Gets dinged to a 3.5 since we had to wait behind a huge crowd checking out just to get sample cups.  The guy serves you the small sample which was barely enough to get a taste.  I'll usually even share a taste with the hubs but I could barely even figure out if I liked the flavor.  The yogurt is good with more of a sorbet quality.  Since it's a hike from my house, like 25minutes, I won't really be going here but I have been here 3x when I'm in the area..
2	The yogurt is great here and that's good but it's only half the battle to win my heart for a Yogurt place, the TOPPINGS are equally as important and they suck here- absolutely terrible and stale.  The yogurt location is right by my house so I have tried it four or five times and every time the candy toppings taste like they have been sitting out for weeks.  I don't really understand why because the place always has customers, you'd think they'd use the toppings and always replace with fresh.  It's puzzling but I think I will stick with other places.  Love the connecting Subway though, a great business idea to connect this place with Subway.
4	Wow!  Do these reviews actually make a difference?  Went here again for yogurt fix.  I didn't want to drive and I just hoped that it would be better this time- it was!  Absolutely perfect. :-)
3	This is the closest ice cream shop to my house & I finally gave it a try the other day. It is odd that its attached to a Subway & when you enter it reeks like a sandwich shop.As for the fro yo..it was ok. Nothing great. And the topping selection is quite limited.I think I will stick to my favorite...frozen custard!!
