1	This is the bottom tier of beer festivals in Las Vegas. While festivals like Great Vegas  Beer Festival, Brews Best, and Downtown Beer Festival pull premium vendors, breweries, and entertainment----Rockstar Beer Festival prides itself on mediocrity.It's a overpriced frat party or Vegas Pool Club party. It's more of a party to be "seen" rather than drink craft beer at. While they may pull a few local craft brewers, they really don't strive to pull anything else spectacular. Majority of the beers are your macro micros. The beer vendors in town such as Johnson Brothers, Southern, Nevada Beverage, and Bonanza tend to bring out the bottom of their portfolios. When you go to other festivals in Las Vegas, these vendors bring out beers you haven't heard of nor tasted. When you go to Rockstar Beer Festival (or any of the similar beer tastings the promoter does), you get Shocktop and Blue Moon!!!The venue also is pretty bad as its too small. You would think with as few beer tents that they have that there would be plenty of room but there really isn't.
3	Venue- mehBeer- A-OK!Thanks to yelp for giving away tickets, I was a winner. While the vendors are great and there wasn't much wait at any vendor, the pool venue is logistically lacking. Sure, the pool is a fine place for a beer fest. But, there isn't enough space to accommodate walking the perimeter and it's just uncomfortable. There's gotta be a better way! I enjoyed the booth with the bloody mary mix and the booth with tequila, which were nice breaks from sampling the brews!
2	I held off on reviewing this festival for a while because I don't like to be too negative. I watched Bambi again recently, and that whole, "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all!" part really resonated with me. Oh, and I say that frequently in my life as a teacher of small children.But this is Yelp, so eventually the truth has to come out. It is also thanks to Yelp that I attended this event, thanks to a ticket giveaway- thanks Drew!I am not a huge beer drinker, but I can appreciate a good brewski. Being from Texas, we have plenty of breweries and frequent festivals where smaller companies get to inform attendees about their product and brand, and give out samples in the hopes that their creations will appeal to others and garner a wider customer base. Somehow, I thought this event would be similar.The venue itself I was not a fan of, but I'll save that for another day.I was mostly bummed that so many generic beers were there, and the event itself was mostly a game of "collect and down the cups as fast as you can" with no regard to quality and little effort made on the part of the brand reps to engage with attendees- the usual spiel about the hiTstory of the company, their special lines or ingredients, their stance on hops and IPAs, etc.That being said, the music was decent. Woudln't expect less from an event held at the Hard Rock, though I can't honestly say I'd heard of any of the performers or rushed out to download any of the artists I heard.In future incarnations, I would love to see this festival get more smaller and specialty breweries involved, such as Alien out of Albuquerque (their nut brown ale is out of this world! pun intended) or Ranger Creek ... Or maybe somehow convince the attending breweries to have samples of their "real" beers instead of just their basics. Maybe they just know the audience here though- it was kind of fratty rather than a crowd focused on craft brews.
3	Shout out too Drew for always working hard for all Vegas yelpers and helping me take in my first Rock Star Beer Festival. Not only for free tickets but seeing yelp booth at the event talking stories with Drew and my boy Niyen. Those guys did awesome job handing out free necklaces (got there too late ran out) and free wristband (Drew again props made for great cozy!!). Just great ambassador for Yelp Vegas. It was my first time so really had no expectations except get on beer drinking on and excited seeing Banger Brewing was one of the attendees. Not exactly the most organize event every been too in my experience. I would think being couple years now they would have better system in place or who knows once got in cup in hand life was beerlicous! The biggest confusion was the lines you waited in too get in. They had VIP time that get in the event at 6pm and then general admission 7pm. I got there asking about will call and they informed me need too wait in line. All good. The thing is when you wait over twenty minutes then get too the front of the line and then direct you too another line. Ridiculous. Top of that once did make it up stairs had three separate lines with no clear signage for each one. So I ended up going too the ticket line instead of will call and had too jump into YET another line. Lack of structure or who knows but once got wrist band and my cup life was good.Not much argue comes too other yelpers the lay out festival sounds cool but logistically nightmare comes too walking around too the different booth. It pretty narrow all around add bunch of booths and bunch of people tight fit. Worst is when you get your beer turn around some spots like ok can you get out of my way. Most part as the night went along not as bad. Wish there was more out of town micro brewery. Fan of good craft beers. Heard that this one not the big one each year so really more local brewery really not one never showed up. Banger Brewery Banger Brewery. Wished had El Heffe but LOVE all the beers.All the troubles before get in and the lay out. I would still be fan. Really spread out well enough that if not too selective of the beer try really no WAIT time at anyone. The last thing anyone want right? Go tasting get half fill cup or glasses then wait thirty mins for the next one. Not sure on the price of the ticket or it compares too other beer festivals in town. If looking too get your beer on. Hopefully enjoy perfect weather (blessed it was more then perfect that night) kicking in at nice pool, good beers, and good company. Rock Star Beer Festival is solid choice.
3	I had a great time at this beer festival. It's actually a smallish festival in terms of the vendors. It's held outside by the pool and the booths are arranged in a circle around one on of the pools. Some have beer, some have alcohol, and some are selling or featuring other products. It definitely got crowded quickly, but it was surprisingly never anything that wasn't manageable. The big downside was the music - the rock star part of this festival. It didn't start on time at all. The headliners didn't take the stage until after the festival was supposed to be over and only did like one song each. So that was a major letdown. But in terms of beer, many samples were downed and a good time was had.
