5	My boss recommended the place. As of 5/11, $15 gets you a very good haircut, and:-Straight razor shave around the ears and neck-Ear de-fuzzing-Eyebrow cleanup-Hot towel, moisturizer and gel if you want 'emI'd been going to Sport Clips, and found this to be a better value all around. Good place.Never go a barber with a credit card.
5	This is a really great place to get a haircut. The staff are very friendly and you get a lot for your $15, as Ian mentioned in his review. I've never had to wait when I went in, no matter if it was first thing in the morning or during the after-work rush hour.Bring cash.
2	My experience at this place has changed quite a bit the last two times I've been there.Both times, the only free barber has been a guy at the very end. I know some people wait for their "preferred" barber but I just take whoever is available because my cut is very simple. This guy is nice, but both times he's been sitting in his own barber chair eating a full-on meal when I walked in. So he'll set down his food nearby and start cutting hair, which seems kind of weird or unsanitary to me. Plus, I have to smell his food the whole time I'm sitting there. His station is also very unsanitary, with lots of other people's hair on the floor and even on the chair. It was quite noticeable when I was there on 11/16/2012. I guess I thought it was common for barbers to clean up their stations between customers.The other barbers here are nice and professional, but unfortunately this guy is dragging the place down.
5	Quality haircut. Been coming for 6+ years. I don't mind driving once a month even though it's a 30 min ride. :)
5	Friendly & great service.  It is a 30 minute ride for me but well worth it!
1	What kind of barber shop doesn't know how to do a fade on the sides and back?  I tried to explain, but should I really have to?  Anyway, I ended up going home with everything all the same length.  Pass on this place and the lackluster employees.
5	I've been going here exclusively since 2006 since I moved to AZ.  Umut is the only barber that I will let cut my hair, and I can't say enough about the quality.  He's good, real good.  If he is not available or the wait is too long, I leave and come back another day.  Not that the other barbers aren't good, but when you find one that knows what you like you have to stick with him.  -Straight razor shave around the ears and neck-Ear hair clean up-Eyebrow cleanup-Hot towel, moisturizer
5	To each their own.  But other reviews may not be right.  My Husband has gone here for his past 2-3 haircuts, and loves it.  He's pretty picky.  I think his hair looks great too.  Only been here a little under a year.  He went to Sport Clips at first.    It was good, but not great.  Only negative to John's is the operating hours.
