3	I was a little surprised at how small the tacos were, though the tasted awesome. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, though, at $4 each. You'll need 4 to get a decent-sized meal, but even then meal size is mediocre - a little less than a quarter chicken & potatos from Swiss Chalet.. Thought part of the problem is psychological - you can finish a taco in 3 or 4 bites so you feel like you got less. My beer took a while to arrive and my girlfriend's took 30+ minutes before the server told her they were all out of what she had ordered. At least they gave it to us for free because of the wait.All in all, it's not that horribly expensive, unlike that other reviewer complained about. This isn't Taco Bell after all. The food is good, but not amazing and that and the portion size prevent me from giving 4 stars.
5	Great tacos, great atmosphere, great service!
5	Thrilled to have Taco Farm in town. We went opening night and though it was very busy we had lots of attention to make sure we were satisfied. They were welcoming to our toddler which is always challenging when we're looking for a foodie experience. Food was fresh, with good ingredients. It is simple food with good flavours - something I feel Waterloo was lacking. We enjoyed and will be returning many more times!
4	Great first impression. Warning, if you measure your experience by the amount of food you get then push on. This isn't the restaurant for you.  Holy Guacamole or the Market stand might be more you speed.Also, go expecting an interpretation of Latin flavours.  This isn't traditional Mexican food, nor is it pretending to be.Lastly, this place had their soft opening last week.  So being hyper critical or judgemental at this stage is heavy handed and unfair.  Give them time to sort out the kinks and glitches.Now for the food.The menu seems purposely sparse.  The goal obviously is to do a short menu well.  No BS Baja chicken fingers, or nonsense tex mex themed items.For the price I think the portion size is spot on.  No filler here, just real handmade well crafted ingredients.For lunch I ate the pork carnita and chicken tacos as well as a bowl of complimentary nacho chips served with a flavourful  fresh chipotle spiked salsa.It was lunch so all I drank was a club soda.  My bill came to $11.At the end of the day you pay not only for the quality of the food, but the skilled hands that prepare it.  This town has be screaming for a hip spot like this when the food is actually as impressive as the atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
4	Sigh. Waterloo, this is why we can't have nice things! It seems some of these people are accustomed to terrible Mexican/South American food. Hot sauce is not supposed to be laden with thick corn syrup, and a taco isn't meant to weigh as much as a newborn. If you're coming to Taco Farm to strap on the feedbag, you're not going to be happy. This is fresh, high-quality food, served in smaller portions, with a focus on quality. And if you find that every one of the 6-8 tacos has something you don't like, consider trying it and broadening your palate a little.Tacos: The smoked pork belly and beet taco was tasty, but had long, thick strips of pork belly which made them difficult to eat. Chopping the meat would be my suggestion. The roasted beets were an interesting touch, but ultimately a touch too strong for the pork. The shrimp taco was great, full of succulent shrimp in a delicious sauce, and I had no problem getting it made without avocado (I'm allergic to avo). The smoked mushroom taco was also a winner, made crunchy and flavourful with house-pickled vegetables. Ague Fresca: I liked my rhubarb agua fresca, a great cocktail alternative for those of us staggering back to the office. The server said they'll be changing it seasonally, so I'm definitely looking forward to some blood orange and winter fruit flavours later in the year.Chicken: The much-hyped fried chicken was indeed delicious, with a sweet-tequila glaze on the crispy skin and nicely-brined meat. I would suggest that the chicken come in 2-piece or 4-piece orders, as it's difficult to split the 3-piece standard dish between 2 people. Churros: Well, these were really the only disappointment. They were a touch doughy, and needed a bit more salt in the dulce de leche to save them from being oversweetened.Will definitely return, and hopefully a few of the minor niggles can be fixed in the next little while. There were definitely a few problems today at lunch, but overall I'm happy with the experience. I had three tacos, one piece of chicken, and a churro - it was a LOT of food and I didn't feel the portions were too small at all. It's three hours later and I'm still quite full.
4	It was really busy when we arrived, but we didn't have too wait too long to be seated at the counter. We ordered the guacamole and chips. The side size was perfect. It had a tasty limey flavour.I tried the chicken taco and cornita taco. The chicken taco was good, but could have used more sauce. There were three sauces on the table which might have helped but of course I forgot they were there and didn't use them. The carnita taco had good flavour, but a few of the meat pieces were fattier than I would have liked.
4	I have mixed feelings about this place but I will give you the main points-it is very noisy in there and still packed and busy  having recently opened to the public.- the seating is based on luck - you can get a 'bar style' seat which is a little cramped, or a table for yourself and company ( if you are lucky) or a communal table where they seat different groups of people all at one table.- DRINKS - I decided to try one of the cocktails despite the $10 price which I was skeptical about. My rhubarb margarita, although creative and refreshing, was in a small glass with a lot of ice. I don't think it was worth $10.-FOOD - they serve you complementary chips and salsa which is nice to munch on while you chit chat and wait for the main meal. My boyfriend and I first  had the fried chicken, which was 3 pieces of deliciousness. The tequila-lime-black pepper sauce was so good, I was amazed at how well these flavours worked so well with Fried chicken! On to the tacos... what you have been reading in previous reviews is true- the tacos are very small. However the meal itself is not. We tried the pork belly, beef and shrimp tacos. Even though the soft shell was so small, the meat portion was much more favourable. The shrimp was overflowing, so basically there is not enough shell to cater for the meat. However, if you buy yourself 3 tacos you get a fairly filling $12 meal, which isn't bad at all. You're not uncomfortably stuffed after eating, which is nice. But the shells should be increased in size, especially since they boast making their own tacos from scratch! Even 1 cm larger would be nice. Anyway - the flavours of the tacos were well executed. This is a casual version of fine dining, a nice variation of tacos which is refreshing. the shrimp was well cooked and didn't have that fishy taste. The beef was a bit chewy and the pineapples had to be removed because the flavour overpowered the entire taco..I might as well have ordered 2 slices of pineapple, ha! The pork belly had a nice smoky flavour developed. All in all, impressive.-DESSERT- my boyfriend and I decided we wanted churros, with dulce de leche sauce and chocolate sauce. The dulce de leche sauce was much nicer and thicker than the chocolate. Each portion was just enough for 1 person and it was tasty.My ONE main dislike about the dishes is that the complementary chips, fried chicken and churros were all VERY oily. The fried chicken is understandable, but the churros? I wiped it on a paper towel to remove some of the remaining oil. my fingers were glistening by the end of it. All in all - nice lively atmosphere, interesting menu; questionable portion sizes and oiliness are the main concerns.
4	The chicken taco was the best one! They were really fast to seat us and serve! I love that they just bring you water right away! I always have to ask 3-4 times for water everywhere we go!
2	I was very excited for Taco Farm to open because there are not many 'mexican' places in Waterloo.  Unfortunately, it was very disappointing! It was extremely busy, which was to be expected since they just opened but the hostess kept telling us that it would only be another minute.  20 minutes later we ordered Guacamole and chips to start which cost $8.  Chips are free so the guacamole, which came in a small mason jar, cost $8 alone.  The avocados has barely been mashed and at one point I pulled out a quarter of an avocado. The taco's are $4 each which makes ordering easier.  They were very filling but in a university town I expected better value. At Ethel's I could have ordered 8 taco's for the same price as 1 at Taco Farm.  We were also planning on ordering drinks because they boast an amazing selection of tequila.  However, drinks started at around $10...The saving grace of our experience was the churros! They were not exactly like traditional churros but we got an order with caramel and they were AMAZING!This was such a great idea and maybe my expectations were too high but with all of the great, affordable places in Waterloo I doubt I will be going back.
4	Not authentic Mexican, but then, they don't claim to be. So far, I've enjoyed all the tacos I've tried, but the fish taco is my favourite. The tacos are wee (but they're also only $4 each), so I find I need to go with 3. They could be a bit spicier, but they're still tasty. The free chips and salsa are great - especially if you get warm chips. The guac was tasty, but had some avocado bits in it (not just the soft, tasty bits), but I still enjoyed it. I liked the mojito enough to order it again on my second visit. The place is super busy which means it's loud and you sometimes have to wait to be seated. But this is sometimes the price of going to visit a new, popular restaurant.
5	Delish! Yes if your unsophisticated taste buds are looking for cheap, simple ground beef and shredded cheese then go to Ethel's....or Taco Bell. If you it's an ACTUAL traditional presentation of quality & freshness with a twist that you're after then Taco Farm is for you...or go to Mexico. It's about time this town realizes that Taco Bell isn't the "best Mexican in town"
3	Came to try out a relatively new place and had a pretty good time! The tacos were fresh and had a creative flare that I appreciated, fitted in well with the uni town hipster feel. No but really. My favorite was the pork belly taco, not as tender as some people described but still very enjoyable. I ate some of the meat with the chips and thought it tasted better than inside the taco, I am resourceful like that. The fish wasn't bad either and the carnitas was super fresh just because of the toppings on it. The service was great too, considerate and friendly, willing to joke with the customers. The music choices are an acquired taste. Overall they have got their brand identity down. Not really something I would suddenly crave while daydreaming in class but glad I tried it.
4	I love Taco farm, they make the best taco's I've had in a long time.  The fish taco and the shrimp tacos stand out as my favorite, but all the other ones I've tried are good too (except the pork stomach which was a little too fatty for my taste).  The fried chicken was also surprisingly good considering it was gluten free, I was expecting something KFCesque but it stood out on its own.  The free chips and salsa are a really good touch for when you're waiting and the service is pretty fast.  The only reason they lose a star, and I would've only docked a half star if it weren't a tex-mex place, is the sauces.  Tex-mex is all about sauces.  They have three sauces at the table and they're all delicious, but they dont have a thick enough consistency for a taco and as a result they end up watering down your taco. Highly recommended!
4	Myself and 3 others went to Taco Farm Tuesday night, this was my first visit. We tried various tacos, they have many to choose from with vegetarian options. all rated 4-5 stars! Our friends had the fried chicken and enjoyed that as well. Taco portions are quite LARGE, bigger than expected. To give perspective I'm 6' 220 lbs and was satiated with 3 tacos and chip nibbling, drinks and conversation...And to top it off margaritas were 6 bucks! Served in a rock glass with loads of course salt rim, great. Service was pleasant, fairly attentive. Drink service was a little slow but the bartender was making margaritas for most tables, it was the Tuesday drink special. My beer got to the table quick. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could, damn I didn't expect to rate it this high but I feel it's accurate. Cheers, hope it helps!
4	Great Mexican restaurant in Waterloo, and it's far more than just tacos.To start, they'll bring your table some complimentary chips and salsa, which is a major plus with me. Some Mexican restaurants don't do this, but the nicer ones do. The chips are also freshly fried in house it appears. Also, when we ran out they offered to bring us more, which I kindly accepted.My girlfriend ordered the tortilla soup, at a reasonable 6 dollars. I tasted it a bit, and I have to say that it was flavourful, and perfect for a winter's day. When I'm here next, I will definitely consider ordering this over some tacos.I ordered a couple of tacos to try out. I got the pork belly one which was recommended, and was definitely the better of the two. Though it was messy to eat. (not that I really care, but you might) The other taco I had was the beef taco. The beef had a great texture, and was moist, but it lacked a lot of flavour. I used the hot sauces on only the beef taco, and it still wasn't as flavourful as the pork belly. Also, I thought the pumpkin seeds were gonna be roasted and crispy. But the seeds were soft and really just melded into the taco and didn't add anything except visual appeal.The star of the show, and what I would assume is their signature dish because it was that good was the fried chicken. This is definitely worth ordering. You get 3 pieces for 10 bucks. But I believe it was a rib attached with a wing, a breast, and a thigh. The skin and batter was fried perfectly and was extra crispy. And it's tossed in a lovely combination of honey, tequila, lime, and black pepper. It's also garnished with cilantro and green onions. I would definitely order this again the next time I'm back, and I think that could be in the near future.
5	What a great little place! I went in and was greeted by a friendly server, my order of a mushroom quesadilla and guacamole arrived in a timely manner and were very fresh and tasty. A local recommended this place to me by telling me it wasn't traditional, but worth experiencing and she was right.  I'd gladly return - especially to experience the churros that I saw someone else eating but didn't have the chance to try.
5	They definitely disclose that it's not typical Mexican tacos, so if that's what you want go somewhere else. They have very innovative, delicious ingredients and I've loved every taco I've tried. The nachos are especially delicious and the tequila selection is great.
5	Innovative fresh flavour combinations. Everything is made fresh on-site, and it shows. Wide selection of tequila. Exquisite homemade icecreams. Quirky atmosphere. The pork belly taco reigns supreme, follows closely by the amazing tequila honey fried chicken. It's also run by people who are very passionate about KW community, which is a bonus.
4	Most of the Mexican joints I've been to has a grungy and dark look, but taco farm has nice tall windows letting in lots of light. Not every taco joint needs this grungy, dark and dingy look in my opinion. Taco Farm has complimentary nachos, salsa and hot sauce. The hot sauce is barely even hot, but I assume that they have the real spicy stuff that would make me cry in the back. I didn't dare ask. We got the make your own taco sharing platter for 2 and it comes with a plate of meat, a variety of taco toppings and some softshell tacos. It was delicious although I think that the pulled pork and chicken kind of tasted the same. The meat could be more flavourful, but I was satisfied. They have 40 different tequila bottles if you're into tequila. The wait for a table looks like it could be really long, but I think we got lucky.
5	Took the family to Taco Farm for the first time tonight. We shared some taco plates. It was awesome. Creative menu, great atmosphere and the food was amazing. Fresh, warm white corn tortillas, a great selection of fresh, house-made salsas and toppings and the proteins we tried were awesome. The house made chips and salsa were amazing!  We also tried the fried chicken. It was off the hook.
4	Fun atmosphere. Good, fresh flavors. Guacamole is great. Chips are made on premises. Tacos are like the real deal. Definitely a few notches above Taco Time.
5	The food, the prices, the atmosphere... everything is nearly perfect here. My favourite part is the fact that the tortillas are made fresh that day, and they use top quality ingredients and give them away at AMAZING prices. Truly the best deal in the country. They use local farmer produced meats, vegetables and honey and as a result the flavours are always natural, real and authentic. The prices are amazing and I can have 2 cocktails here for the price of one in Toronto. And the alcohol they use is top shelf (Tequila Tromba vs something unbranded). Great for lunch, dinner or just a snack. DELICIOUS. I love coming to KW to visit Tacofarm.
2	Attractive place to eat...lots of light with a clean dining area.The biggest problem is that despite the free home made tortilla chips and salsa, the tacos are greasy, bland and overpriced ($4 a piece and you'll need at least three for an average person.
5	The food is delicious and priced well. Staff are very well-informed and friendly. The mixed drinks are great too: try the bourbonnade!Restaurant is kid friendly.
5	Taco Farm is one of my fav go-to spots in Waterloo!  Let me begin by saying that not only is the food fabulous, but the service is great and they make you feel like you're part of their little community.  Taco Tuesday has margaritas for $6 - drink them, they're superb!  Taco Farm also has the most extensive tequila list I've ever come across.  If you know how to sip it, you'll be impressed with what they have to offer; I suggest trying Cabo Wabo or Don Julio Reposado - always worth the price!  Ryan is the best server in there, he's very personable, and is great at recommending a new tequila to try.Now on to the food.  I love that they have different daily specials to choose from, or their large list of tacos.  Tacos are $4 each, and some people may find that strange, but Taco Farm makes all their corn tortillas fresh, buy their produce and meat from local farmers, and put a very generous amount of toppings on each taco (I have yet to successfully eat a taco rolled up without it splitting open from having so much goodness inside)!  If you want something to share: chorizo flambado - cheesy and meaty, I'm salivating now just thinking about it.
5	Always good service and great food here. I definitely reccomend the sangria!
5	Very good authentic Mexican food, the corn tortillas are made in house. I usually always go for the trio of tacos, can't resist. They have a good selection of tap beer, local brews included. The atmosphere is trendy & generally hosts a younger 30-40 crowd.The food was great, I will be dining here again.
4	Done take out several times.  Good tacos but fried chicken is my favourite on their menu.  I go back just for that.  Large pieces of chicken that have a surprisingly sweet deep fried  flavour to them.
