5	Michael is hands down the best massage therapist that I have ever experienced.  He really gets to know your body, your issues and I feel like a new person when I leave.  The studio is serene, tranquil, simple and I always have an amazing experience.Sometimes women shy away from male therapists, but Michael is not creepy, totally in tune with the issues that busy, stressed women often have and hands down makes me feel incredible by taking the time to work on my issue areas, and sometimes those are different with each session.This is a MUST DO therapist, trust me you will not be disappointed.
5	Carolina Sports Massage has been one of the best investments in my overall health to date.  I suffered with knee issues from running and also tennis elbow for almost a year.  After my first visit I had amazing results and by my second I was virtually pain free.  I continue to go for general health and preventative maintenance.  Very relaxed atmosphere and if I ever have any questions about my joints or muscles they are very knowledgeable and are always willing to discuss with me my options.   Love that I found these guys and I would highly recommend to anyone.
5	This was -- hands down -- one of the best massages I've ever had. I did something to my lower back the other day in the gym and it ceased right up (things like this didn't happen a decade ago...). I was in Charlotte on work and didn't know where to go to get help with this but everyone on Yelp loved these guys so I took a shot and they were able to get me in the next day.And it was great. Mike is cool and easy to talk to (there's no douchy-ness going on). He listens to how you use your body every day and what you want help with and he's really knowledgable about how the muscles of the body work / join together / rebel against you. There's no skimping on the time you pay for, you don't have to worry about tipping (it was a non issue, the price was the price), and Mike gives a really great massage. Go!
5	The first time I went to Carolina Sports Massage was right after running my first 50K and my muscles really needed to be flushed out. I was immediately amazed at Adrienne's knowledge and experience, as she was so familiar with the contours of every muscle that she knew exactly what to look for. With my volume of running, she suggested going back at least once if not twice per month, and following that advice has helped me stay injury free, and has improved my running tremendously. Whether you run, bike, lift weights, or do any athletic activity whatsoever, I would highly recommend this place! In fact, I've already sent many people to Carolina Sports Massage, and most of them have become repeat customers like me!
