3	After church, family and I decided to try something new! We have heard the locals talking about My Favorite Martin's in Sun City/Surprise. The restaurant is located in a adult community and a stop at the guard house is a must before entering the premises. Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, the menu at this restaurant includes a variety of offerings. Traditional breakfast items are available along with sandwiches, Caesar salad and daily specials. Look for ground sirloin, pecan-crusted trout, steaks, spaghetti with meatballs and fried fish. Desserts are made daily by the owner and may include Jack Daniel's pecan pie, bread pudding with whiskey sauce and coconut custard cake. I had the eggs over easy, bacon, and the herbs potato. (I do recommend the hash browns instead). With a 1/2 side order of biscuit and gravy. Eggs and potato's wasn't that bad at all. Bacon needed to be cooked a little bit longer. Biscuit and gravy was good, wasn't the best but I have tasted worst! Wife had the breakfast burrito, they do not put the hash browns in the burrito. So if you want them in the burrito! She thought it was very tasty! Daughter also enjoyed her burrito. Now, if you order OJ! you will need about six of them. For a $1.75, they will pour you a glass about the size of a shot glass? So be prepared. Over all we really did enjoy this place,The employee's are very friendly!! They are right there to get your drinks and your order is prepared and at your table quickly! We especially enjoy that 2 people can eat for only $11.00 plus tax and that includes your non-alcohol drinks! We all agreed to come back here at another time for lunch! So! I'll be back for an update!!!
4	This little gem is located inside of Sun Villiage, a 55+ community. However, it is open to the public.  My in laws live there and my mom is looking for a place in there as well. We decided to try out the restaurant which I have heard is pretty good. Mom and I go in for lunch, and wow, Im kind of shocked at the decor. Somehow, it isnt at all what I pictured.. It was well, a little diner.. with blue booths and chairs and dated.. but ok. We sit, have great service and both order from the "basket menu".. for $5-6.00 you get a giant beverage, and a basket with fries, and your choice of a burger, fish (this is what I have heard is great here) and shrimp, and oh, something else but I cant recall it now). Anyway... just great. I ordered the burger with cheese (it was extra) but it was the perfect portion size and just delish. Moms fish & chips... wow, my favorite. While I am not a fish or seafood person, I am slowly venturing into it by means of fish frys. I know, not the healthy way.. but my way nonetheless. I loved it.  Its nice and crispy but not too heavy with coating.  It was good enough in fact that since it was a Friday night, I was telling my husband about the place and we went their for dinner. So  2x in one day for me. Nice variety of menu, very good service and very good food. It is really worth giving this place a try. Note: if you go for dinner, go early at say 4:30 or 6:30 but get in before 7 when they do the final sitting.
5	Awesome local place to eat, especially the Friday night fish fry.  You can get the battered, all you can eat, fried cod, or have it grilled.  Very yummy.  Reasonable price.  All you can eat fried fish $9.95' or a large piece of the grilled cod.  During winter visitor times, very crowded, and they don't take reservations.  Suggest you go about 6:30 pm to get there after the residents have eaten.
5	Great fish fry on Friday nights!  Great food, great service, and at a reasonable price!I even had the bread pudding dessert which was awesome!  I definitely see why they are busy.  I plan on returning soon to try some other entrees.
2	MFV has a change of owners and name. Was purchased by Zen's Cafe and now operates under that name.  Was a regular at MFV.  Have only been there once since Zen's took it over.  I want to be fair, but it's just not the same. The fish fry is a different recipe and not as good as it used to be.
3	This place is now called---LINKS  I have I not been there, but a friend thought the Friday fish was good . ?
4	My Favorite Martins was a Mom & pop place that we liked to frequent. The couple had a hard time with the financial downturn and had to sell. The restaurant was taken over by Zens. They had a great menu but tried to make it into a sports bar. Didn't fly as this is open to the public but in a 55+ gated community. They ran into problems and left. Our little eatery has been updated and is now The LINKS Neighborhood Grill. They have a good Happy Hour and a nice menu. Food is good, not fancy. The fish on Friday is still the best. The people are friendly, service is reasonable for how busy or not they are. Summer is slow but winter gets busy. Come over and enjoy!
