5	This is a nice little (12 acre) park with two fields, surrounded by a sidewalk for a great walk. Parts of the walk are tree-covered, allowing for shade. This park was full of activity the day I took my stroll. Kids and adults playing soccer, people sitting and watching activities, dogwalkers, families strolling, etc. A walk along the perimeter gives you a shallow uphill/downhill, which is nice for beginning walkers. There is on-site parking as well. If you've got kids, there's a play area, and space is set up for picnics.
5	I love this park. It is 12 acres. There are 2 well lit soccer fields and when the kids have soccer practice or games going on it is crowded on the field the there is still pathways around it to walk, jog or let Fido pull you along by his leash.There is a parking lot if you decide to drive and not walk or ride your bike. There is a picnic area and a play area for kids. We walk our dogs through here several times a week and bring our own bags for clean up however there are potty bag stations.
3	Nice park but people really need to pick up their dog poop. I have a dog and I clean up after her. I don't understand how pet owners can be that irresponsible. Other than the poop issue, there is a nice walking area and plenty of play areas for kids.
4	Large soccer park. Usually clean and has a large play area for the smaller kids
4	I really enjoy this park.  It is close to my in-laws house, so we visit when we are all together.  My daughter often goes as well with her grandparents and she always has a blast.  It is a big park with a lot of room to run around and stretch your legs.  The playground area has a lot of different equipment, so their is definitely something for every kid to play on and have fun.  The playground equipment is also nice and well maintained, so no one will get hurt playing on the equipment and parents can rest a little easier letting their kids play there.  This is a great park and well planned out.  With so much open area, as well as fun things to play on, the kiddos can enjoy themselves and hopefully wear themselves out and take a nap after, because their parents will need a nap too! The only reason I gave the park a 4 instead of 5 stars, is that it can be pretty crowded.  It is a great park and everyone in the area knows it, thus resulting in overcrowding.  However if you go earlier in the day, you can get some great playtime or even relax  because it is much less crowded than the afternoon.
5	Love the Crossing Park.  Everyone is so nice, and there are always kids there for my daughter to play with.
3	Nice park with soccer and baseball fields. (Baseball is lit at night.. not sure about soccer)  Clean public bathroom facilities.  Play area for smaller children.  Lots of parking but when there are games you still might end up parking on the street.
