3	Appt was at 10:30 am. I wasn't seen until 11:20 am. My vitals, weight and temp were taken and i was escorted into a patient waiting room. Then doctor came in at 11:55 am. My visit was diagnosed within 5 mins and i was out the door at 12:01 pm. The doctor is very nice, thorough, and knows what he is doing. I gave it a 3 because of him. I feel like I waited way to long to see the doctor. Also, One of his receptionists needs a little bit more help with phone and front desk etiquette. She didn't communicate effectively. I was told to "do this" instead of "please complete this packet".
2	I could have driven to Laughlin in the amount of time it took to see the doctor.I rushed from my job across town to make my 4 o'clock appointment on time only to wait for 1 hour and 40 minutes in the waiting room.  At the hour mark, I asked the receptionists if it was going to take as long as it did the last time I saw the doctor, and they told me it probably would.The appointment was to go over my results from some blood work from two weeks ago.  The doctor talked to me for 5 minutes or so.  Our conversation felt like it could have happened over the phone (and without the extra co-payment).  He found one abnormality in my results and said he'd like me to go back to Steinberg Imaging and that he'd like to meet up again to go over the results.  I asked if it would take as long to see him as it did the last two times.  He apologized and said he could go over the results on the phone.  Then he leapt up and told me he'd be right back and he left the exam room.  A few minutes later, his assistant came into the room with a referral for Steinberg and said, "the doctor would like to see you again in a month."I grabbed the paper and walked away knowing I would not be coming back.  The search continues!
3	Dr Chung is a great guy, very professional, which is the only reason I continue to use him. Unfortunately, it's Absolutely horrible with wait times. Schedule an appointment at 11 and you'll be seen at about 12 30, 1PM if you're lucky. Makes no sense to stick someone in a room for over an hour, and this hasn't been the first time. I'm not sure why it takes so long for patients to be seen here, but it's very frustrating. I've heard this from tons of people that come here through Culinary Insurance. Great staff, I Just hope they work on the wait times.
