2	God dammit JR's Fish and Chips.  God dammit.  I was so excited when I saw the old Jack in the Crack at 35th and Peoria being converted into the Fish and Chips Joint.  For the record I am a huge Pete's fan.I dropped in Friday night.  I ordered shrimp and fries and hush puppies.  Their system of walk up order then get in a second line was confusing people.  Add into that mix the woman actually running the register and handling the cash was probably tweaking her balls off.  Or she was an ex tweaker that forgot how to act normal or she was just nuts.She was openly talking shit to the guy ordering in front of me when he had something to say about her register skills.  Any way surreal experience to say the least.Down to the food.  Oh I ate that greasy ass shit.  I ate the fuck out of it.  But it was all pre-packaged frozen shrimp and fries and the same for the hush puppies, over cooked balls of hard crust.So shame on you JR's.  The place had some people in it too.  I wont be back unless the start advertising fresh seafood.
1	Seriously, JR's fish and chips? Try JR's Fish Sticks and Fries.  You are better off saving some money and going to the Fry's across the street and buying frozen pre-battered fish, and frozen fries.
3	I've tried JR's twice now, and they seem to have stepped up their game a little bit since my first try.The previous visit must've been around the time of the first two reviews, because neither the service and food was all that great at that time.I'm not a fish person, but the other two diners were, so a recent trip to give JR's a chance at redemption was in order.There were three college-ish aged dudes in various states of cooking and cleaning when I arrived, and I was greeted quickly with a genuine friendliness.A couple of general questions about the menu were answered and an order was placed and then they went to work.  It took a while for the food to finish, but it was all freshly cooked, and they were busy rushing to and fro the whole time - no goofing around back there.All of the fried foods were exactly were they should be on the delicate Crispy-Greasy Spectrum.   Crispy on the outside, hot with a little chewyness on the inside, fully and evenly cooked.  Even the fries.The hush puppies were also fried up well, but a little too salty.I got the 1/4 lb burger, which was juicy enough for a frozen patty, with fresh veggies on top, and quite tasty.  A bargain with a huge plate full of fries for 3.69.They have chicken sandwhiches, teryaki bowls, catfish, cod, mahi mahi, beerbattered cod, shrimp, burgers, chicken strips, corndogs, burros, and who knows what else.  Maybe too much choice, as they are expert in none of them.  Everything seems to be from frozen, and most of the food is cooked in a deep fryer.  Seeing that you can get entree and fries combos for between 3.50-8 bucks, I wouldn't expect them to fly in fresh catch of the day product.So the food is going from a freezer to a fryer, so what?  As long as the preparation and service are at the level I recently experienced, then JR's is a nifty indie fast food place worth a visit when you're going to go someplace like that anyways, but are tired of the same old thing.
4	I finally made it over to Jr's. I had 3 piece cod with frys, the kids had a burger and the fish and shrimp combo. Everything was made correctly and tasted excellent. The fish was not greasy, the frys did not taste fishy, the burger was perfect for the kid. The tarter sauce was good too. I will be back to try some more things. Only downfall was they were out of lemons and had one bottle of malt vinegar to share in the whole place. Oh and they charge for credit or debit purchases.
3	closed
