5	I came here after buying a Living Social deal. This is an absolutely amazing salon - definitely on par with the ones from Beverly Hills, CA. I have a ritual of cutting and coloring my hair every 2 months and this is definitely the best I've found in the area. Katie was my stylist and she was amazing. My highlights have lasted me for 2.5 months. Usually I would get touch ups in between but I did not need to in this case. Best of all, they have Keurig machine with delicious pastries while you wait. I will definitely be coming back soon.
2	I have lived in the area for six months, and have yet to find a hair stylist/salon that I want to stick with. After one mediocre experience from a place I found on my own, I came to Salon Sanctuary after it was recommended to me by an acquaintance. She recommended her stylist, Bethany. Upon calling the salon, I was informed that Bethany was not accepting new clients- no big deal, I was willing to try someone else. I ended up booking an appointment with Karen.I arrived to my appointment a few minutes early, and the receptionist told me she would let Karen know I was there. My appointment was at 10:45am. I sat and read magazines, and watched time tick by....and by.... and by... No one- receptionist included, said a word to me about the wait. It wasn't that I didn't have time to wait, or that I even would have cared to wait, it was that no one bothered to say, "She's running a bit behind, it will be about X amount of minutes," or anything of the sort. In fact, by 11:20, I decided I'd give her a few minutes and then I'd just walk out the door. Around 11:25, as I was getting ready to leave, I was called back. Turns out, she'd been putting highlights in a client's hair the entire time, and was not yet even done with the client. She did not apologize for my wait. She asked what I wanted done, and I stated that I had an appointment for a cut, highlights and lowlights, and a brow wax, but was not sure at this point what she had time for. She asked what I meant and I asked if my appointment was scheduled for 10:45am, and she said that it was, but quietly added that her last client was an HOUR LATE. I'm sorry, but in my experience working in customer service, if a client is more than a few minutes late, and serving them will significantly cut into another client's appointment, you reschedule with the late person. However, I remained polite and explained what I wanted done. She spent the vast majority of my appointment going back and forth between her other client and myself, and I felt like she was rushing quite a bit. When the receptionist told her that her next client was there, she left and talked to the client, apologizing and explaining that there would be a wait!!! If only she extended the same courtesy to all of her clients...Overall, the cut and the brow wax were just what I wanted, but the color was not quite what I explained, and I looked a lot more "trendy" than I wanted- BUT nothing horrible that I couldn't live with for a few months. It didn't look bad at all, but just not what I typically go for. Pricing was very fair. Had all of the customer service issues not been present, I'd have given my experience 4 stars, and I'd probably have given her another try. However, after the issues I did experience, I know I would not return to Karen and am not sure if I'd even give the salon another shot or not.
5	I love this salon! It feels like home everyone is so friendly.  The decor is adorable, I always find something new to check out.  The receptionists are all lovely.  I personally go to Bethany because she is amazing but I have used Karen before and found her to be a consumate professional.  I feel like the previous poster should really give her a second chance, everyone is late sometimes and I wouldnt fault her for going out of her way for a regular client.  She did my make up for an event and I absolutley loved it!  Top notch.  Becca's nails are second to none and there are lots of other amenities I cant wait to try!  I would definetly recomend this place of business to anyone I know.
5	Love!! I have gotten my hair done with Rachel twice. She is incredibly fun and talented!  Prices aren't bad and they have a clean and nicely decorated salon. I have never had my nails done here, but my best friend goes every 3-4 weeks for a gel manicure. They do an AWESOME job! Leah has tons of colors and ideas, and her designs are beautiful and original. Definitely recommend!
5	I love this salon! My nail tech, Becca, is the bomb and recently I had my first haircut with Teresa -- it was great! This salon has all the extra special touches to make you feel comfortable and the services that are available include massage and facials as well as anything else you could possibly want done to make yourself look and feel good!
5	Had a gel fill with Becca. My nails look fantastic! She's meticulous, friendly professional. The salon has an upbeat  environment and courteous staff. I'll go back for another fill and may try other services too. Great neighborhood salon!
5	This review is for Karen. A friend referred me here after my normally awesome appointment at taglio was less than awesome and I ventured to find a less hoity toity, less pricey and better (for lack of a better word) hair stylist. I am SO glad she did. She truly is an amazing stylist. My hair had quite a bit of growth and the color i came in with is not the color I wanted to leave with. I was going for BLONDE. I was already blonde but the blonde I was going for was a new level of BLONDE. She consulted with her coworkers to help her decide the process she would use to get me where I wanted to be and decided to do a microweave with a base break. It was a long process about 4 hours all together but boy was it worth it. She took her time making sure every strand that needed to be foiled was, leaving the base break on long enough and then cutting my hair Exactly how I wanted with long beautiful layers that actually made my hair look longer. Unfortunately because I hadn't eaten before my hair appointment I had my first bout of "low blood sugar" and almost fainted in the chair! So embarrassing!  Karen was nice enough to get me ibuprofen,  water and a couple granola bars to bring me back to normal. Such a sweet and talented girl. I will be driving from phoenix to Glendale to get my hair done by her from now on!
1	Now that my stylist has left I feel comfortable posting a review on the terrible customer service of this salon. The first time I went I waited over an hour for a stylist who wasn't even scheduled, yet someone scheduled me with her when I first called.  Thankfully my current stylist saved the day and offered to cut and color my hair while she was in on her day off! Another time I was in and asked if I someone was available to fix 2 of my nails. I was told there was no one available and while I waited for my color to finish I saw the owner, who I know for a fact does nails, sit at a booth and have another girl cut her hair! I got a pedicure there once where I expected a relaxing visit and had to sit next to the nail girl's teenage daughter while she played some noisy game on her tablet. Not a pleasant salon experience at all!
5	Best Salon in Town. I've know the owner for years! She is honest compassionate and talented! Her stylists have something to offer you no matter what your taste is! Classic Beauty to Fresh and Funky. The Salon is CLEAN and always full of fantastic energy. No matter what my mood I leave feeling better than when I walked in and of course prettier! Highly Recommended!!!
5	Amazing Salon.... I have been going to this salon for all my beauty needs since it opened. I love the vibe and decor within the salon. The service provided by the salon staff and stylists is outstandingBecca has been my nail technician for about 10 years. She is always up on the latest trends, very creative and does an amazing job. I have referred several clients to her over the last 10 years and they all love her.Joanna is the esthetician and the best I have seen.  My skin looks the best it has in years and I always leave my treatments feeling very relaxed. She is very knowledgable and always knows exactly what to do each time I come in. Amerah handles my hair stylist needs and also provides excellent service. She is very positive, listens to your needs and makes you look and feel amazing before you leave.I recommend EVERYONE visit this salon. Once you do you will never visit another salon again.
5	Great environment, talented staff...and an awesome reception.  Check out the Facebook page ... They have some great specials running right now! I had a gel service with Leah . I've got natural nails that tend to get pretty beat up because they are constantly in hard water and art supplies , she tapped into my passion for Greek art and culture and gave me some beautiful gel nails!
5	Ever since I've started going to Salon Sanctuary, I've never looked for anywhere else.  I actually discovered them quite by chance, as I happen to work in the shopping center where they're located and decided to give them a try simply because it was convenient.  And I have never regretted that decision!  The entire staff is extremely friendly and you can tell that everyone is happy to be there.My most recent visit was several weeks ago for a hair styling appointment with Amerah, who is relatively new to Salon Sanctuary, and she did an absolutely magnificent job!  I went in with a pretty vague idea of what I wanted and she was very patient as we discussed several possibilities for my hair cut.  And she definitely does not disappoint!  She gave me a hairstyle beyond what I ever imagined.  I love how she is so thorough and encourages you to make sure everything looks the way you want it.  I will definitely be returning to her next time I make an appointment.Overall, I always have a wonderful experience any time I visit and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a friendly, high-quality salon.
5	Another great service today! I'm a natural nails girl! I love the encouragement by Becca to use shellac to add strength to my nails. I get that technically its a layering of product . But this is the second time I've had shellac or gels and no I'm not chasing pennies around on the floor! Which is what I did not like about acrylic . I couldn't pick up or handle anything tiny or delicate. I love watching the stylist work on other clients they know some color. Best bobs I've seen in a while ... And the fresh coffee nom nom! Super excited to hear that Aquage was soon to be on the shelves . One of my FAV product lines EVER!
