4	Went to lunch with my wife and she was very happy with her Egg Salad on a Garlic Bagel. The bagels are great, which show the owner's NY roots. I got an Italian Sub. It was very good, the meat was fresh but it was pre-made, not hand sliced and in the deli-fridge so the bread was cold.
5	Great bagels, I can see Poppy's being my go to for bagels. Comfy little spot to hang out, outdoor seating & friendly staff. Everything bagel with jalapeno cream cheese and a cup of joe.  Just talking about it makes me want another one, good thing Julia S. gave me some of her bagels to go.  'I'll be back' in my best Arnold impression.
4	Time: 10am. Place: Poppy's. Impulse purchase: Bagels, doz. Intent: I get to play Bagel Fairy all day with a dozen of the best bagels in Charlotte.I distributed my cache of carb thoughtfully, but thoroughly. And not before eating two in one sitting. Bagelbloat, yeesh.Coffee was just OK but I honestly don't think they care much about anything except the bagatorial arts up in Poppy's and in that distinguished category, they get an A+. Sad to me that Bore's Head is what they have for slices and cheeses since that stuff is just nasty, but hey.No more Bruegger's for me. No more terrorizing Owen. I get Poppy bagels, I eat Poppy bagels, I love Poppy bagels.note - these suckers are such globs of gluten that they don't age very well - freeze 'em, if you must, instead of sitting 'em in the breadbox.
5	I am a transplant from NY, and I have tried nearly every independent bagel store in Charlotte.  Serveral advertise "NY Bagels" and most of them are doing so falsely.  Poppy's Bagels has the only bagel I have ever eaten outside of Long Island that tastes like a NY bagel.  It is perfect.  Also, the veggie cream cheese is amazing and very close to authentic.  Since finding Poppy's I have been back several times...it feels like I'm at my local bagel shop back on Long Island.  My search for the perfect NY bagel is over....Poppy's is the only place to go for bagels, hands down.
4	Yay I'm a fan - this was one of the best bagels I have come by in the Queen City - well maybe in the south in general.  Definitely New York style bagels.  It looked like all the cream cheeses were made in house and you can make your own omelet to top on any bagel you want.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I would love to come back for lunch and give them a try - all boar's head meats and made from scratch soups.
4	don't really review places much, but after catching a review on poppy's bagels i had to respond.  i'm a cook from the northeast, but have been living here for 20+ years.  we recently started getting our bagels from poppy's and i have to say that so far they are the best bagels i've had since living and working in food establishments here.  i haven't actually eaten there yet so i can't comment on the rest of their menu since their operating hours don't coincide with my working hours.  they close pretty early.
4	Mmmm carbo-licious. I met the lovely Ms. Tonya P for a brief bagel this morning and 'twas delicious. Carby, crunchity toasted bagels (mmm sesame) and fab cream cheese. The schmear has to be homemade right? Because I dabbled in the chive and the vegetable - both were equally tasty. Inside Poppy's has a smattering of tables and a cute little patio outside where Riley (my pup) enjoyed some bagel bits off of the concrete. Tasty. Be aware that the patio can be quite noisy with the umpteen cars passing down Providence and Sharon Amity, but no worries, I had my bagel and great company. Next time I'm in the area, I'm definitely going to pop in and pay homage to Poppy's by indulging in a nice toasty bagel and a pound of cream cheese. Nice to know that there's another local bagel joint in CLT!
1	Too bad the bagel and schmear were delicious, because the service was terrible. When I ordered my chicken soup + matzo ball (which was alright but not worth $5.99) I asked for it in the plastic container to go, I was argued with, being told the paper like container was more safe and better for soup...it promptly spilled because the lid wasn't tight enough, and in my car.
4	Hello, new bagel place! Nice addition to the area. I love bagels and these did not let me down! The bagel was fresh, soft, and toasted to perfection. The specialty cream cheese is made fresh every morning. I picked the veggie spread and it was delicious! Talk about fresh pieces of bell pepper...yum!I steered clear of the coffee based on the other reviews. Since my main goal was to eat a bagel during this stop, I didn't try much else on the menu. However, husband got a veggie omelet. It was very tasty and came with a buttered bagel on the side. They have about 3 or 4 other types of omelets on the menu, none of which are vegetarian, but you can make your own ($.50 per item, so it can add up quickly)...so goes the veggie lifestyle. They have a variety of bagel sandwich options too, which I will have to return to try.If you are in need of some jewelry, they sell that too...nicely displayed on a wall. Random, yes, but you can kill a couple birds with one stone here!
5	I absolutely love bagels. I know they are not the best for me and I don't care. They are just the perfect carb (which is certainly stiff competition). And I will admit, I am a bit of a bagel snob. What can I say? NY bagels spoiled me.Enter Poppy's.Real NY bagels made by real NY transplants. Egg bagels. Cinnamon Raisin bagels. Garlic Bagels. Honey wheat bagels. Poppy seed bagels (obviously). Scallion cream cheese (as is often the case with a fine bagelry, you might want to ask them to go light on the schmear). Sandwiches (both breakfast and otherwise). Brewed coffee that doesn't taste like it came out of an unmentionable part of a dog.A dozen of Poppy's finest may have found their way home with us after we finished our breakfast. And I may have eaten one every day this week. And I might have already marked on my calendar when we are going to run out so I can back and get more...maybe.
3	Came in on Saturday early afternoon and was not all that impressed...I came in with the idea that I was just going to have a bagel but while waiting on line i decided I would get the Prosciutto Paninni with Mozzarella. After waiting what felt like forever because they were pretty unorganized I ordered it with a side of a Dozen Bagels...for the fam of course! Well the girl helping me was kinda rude she was talking with another girl working and looks at me and was like I'm listening while she has her head turned to the other girl and is still carrying on with they're conversation...really am I supposed to yell my order out just so you may be able to catch it or how about you look at me and actually look like you care..and the owner was standing right there but didn't even take it in...very unprofessional! So she now looks at me and says she will be right back to put my sandwich order in and will be right back, I was in the way of the other people trying to order and pay but I needed to pick out my bagels, she returns and i find myself yelling out everything at the same time trying to not get in people way...There has got to be a better way of doing this! No?So we sit and my sandwich comes out and it was ok the meat was cut too thick for my liking but it was ok. I tried the bagels later on and they were ok better than some of the places in Charlotte but not the best Ive ever had.
4	This is a great little place in a retail/dining section of Charlotte that could use a little more traffic.  I hope Poppy's does well for a long time!  I'm not a bagel connoisseur, but I can confidently say that Poppy's are quite good.  I had a turkey on Honey Wheat bagel.  The sliced meat tasted very fresh and seemed to be of high quality.  They use very spicy mustard- -which is awesome.  I ordered mine with lettuce and tomato, both were fine.  The bagel, itself, was just the right level of crusty on the outside/soft on the inside.  It had a nice, nutty flavor too. The service was okay.  It took a little while, and they seemed a little disorganized, but not a big deal at all. The space is attractive and clean.   The chairs and tables are crammed in a little tight for my taste, but- - again- - no biggie.  I'll definitely try Poppy's again.  I am much more of a morning-bagel person, so I look forward to going near breakfast time.
4	This has become my go-to place to pick-up bagels for playgroup, school functions, Sunday morning after church, out of town guests - you name it, it works. These are the only bagels we have had here in Charlotte that actually taste like New York bagels. They are incredible! I would give it five stars were it not for the grumpy service I have received during post-church rush hour. Alas, everybody has a bad day and perhaps this gentleman was so excited to see the line out the door, that he forgot to be pleasant to his coworkers and customers. I am not a fan of putting sandwich fixings inside a bagel so I cannot speak to lunch options but they do look good! (Not to be a buzzkill, but do you know how many calories are in a plain bagel? The New York Times once did a story on NY bagels and found that the calories per bagel - no cream cheese - ranged from 380 to 800 dependent on the size. Yikes!) I prefer to keep my bagels plain and simple - simple like chocolate chip cream cheese. Yes, I did say chocolate chip cream cheese. And I will confess that I have ordered a bagel (just one) so I could validate the purchase of a small tub of chocolate chip cream cheese - pay for it by weight. Check out Poppy's Bagels - and definitely try the chocolate chip cream cheese. Yum.
5	Finally! A real bagel place in Charlotte! Poppy's reminds me of bagel places I used to frequent in the Bronx. Absolutely fantastic bagels, which they make in house. They have a cooler filled with all sorts of deli yummies, which I'm always tempted to order, but I usually fall back on my standard pumpernickel bagel with cream cheese and lox, which they serve with capers, tomato, and red onion. Scrumptious. The line is long on the weekends, especially on Sundays when the after-church crowd comes in, but it moves quickly and I never worry about getting a seat, even when I'm there with my while family. The owners and staff are so friendly- I can't believe there are complaints about service,  because I've never had a problem. They were nice the first time I was there, and by the third time I was a regular. They know my name, call me hon, and compliment my kids. With that, delicious food, and great coffee, what more can I ask for?
5	As a New Yorker, I'm always looking for a taste of home here in the south. Poppy's bagels are the most comparable to the bagels you'd find in the city!  Crispy outer shell and deliciously soft inside! As soon as you bite into one you can taste the difference.  They have a variety of fresh cream cheese flavors displayed as you'd seem them up north as well as an array of other products.  The service was excellent and welcoming.  Plus, when a bin looked out of a certain type of bagel, they had some freshly made in the back.  A welcome change from chain stores that run out of the 'everyhing' bagels by 11am. I became an instant fan.  Bye bye Breuggers, Hello Poppy's!  I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone!
4	I'm a bit biased, my store is right across the street from Poppy's so I am eating here quite a bit.  With that said these guys have what it takes and need local love to stay.Every morning Ronnie, the owner, starts his day at around 4am making everything from scratch.  They don't open till 7 and they close at 3 or 4pm, you do the math, that's dedication to freshness.The front of house is run by a menagerie of friendly ladies including Ronnie's mother Georgiana.  They do their best to handle your order timely but as some have said they do get quite busy around peak food times--get in a bit before or after for a swift and personable meal.My staple meal is an everything bagel, toasted, add mayo, cheese, fried egg and bacon or the country ham.  It's rather cheap and really good.  Other times I surf their specials from chicken parma panini or Ronnie will make a slow cooked brisket from time to time which is really delicious.Easily the best bagel in Charlotte and now their starting to sell them around the area.  If you are a fan of Katz hidden away at the Arboretum them you can enjoy their bagels there.As a coffee geek I'm a little let down that their coffee service is par to sub par but that's really their only weak point.  One day they might get a coffee geek in their work-staff and then that could turn around.Otherwise they are family, hard working, and dedicated to good products!
5	An amazing place - good bagels, good smoked fish, and excellent cream cheese!
5	Great bagels and excellent lox and whitefish!
5	I like bagels....a lot!  My biggest fear moving here from New York was that there would be no good bagels.  I went to all the other top rated bagel spots on yelp before I found Poppy's.  Every other place was doodie! Sorry fellow yelpers. The bagels here are great, not just for Charlotte, but anywhere.  The service can be really slow and unorganized, the cream cheeses are nothing special, and there is not as many spreads and salads as I am used to.  All is forgiven because they are by far and away the best bagels in Charlotte.  I love whitefish and whitefish salad.  They have it here which is impressive but the quality is far from what I am used too.  I hope they step it up but I understand without much demand it is hard to deliver great quality.
5	By far the BEST bagels in Charlotte. Forget Owen's, this place is the real deal.The owners, originally from Hungary (?), are extremely warm and friendly. Standing in line and looking at the variety of traditionally Jewish dishes, like noodle kugel, latkes, and rugelach, make me momentarily forget that I'm in Charlotte and transport me to LA or NY...that is, until the person behind me complains about how gross lox on a bagel would be. Regardless, these bagels are always fresh and delicious. Large variety of schmears. This place is, in a word, amazing. THANK YOU POPPY'S.
4	As a northerner, I believe we stand as natural critics to bagels everywhere. Poppy's definitely stands as the best bagels that I can find in Charlotte. The staff is super friendly, the ingredients are all super fresh and the bagels have the right amount of crunch and chew to satiate any northerner looking to get their bagel and shmeer fix. They even have a whitefish salad and potato pancakes, yum! I personally have their Waldorf chicken salad on an everything bagel that is the best lunch any day.
4	Oy.  So you're in Charlotte and looking for a bagel.  What to do?  Certainly there are plenty of options but none as good - bagel-wise - as Poppy's.  If you know good, New York bagels then you'll be overjoyed to find Poppy's.  Close your eyes when you bite down into the bagel of your choice and you'll be transported to Manhattan.  They're fresh, often still warm from the oven and simply perfect.Why a Four Stars instead of a Five?  They're a little (not a lot, just a little) on the high side price-wise.  A buttered bagel is a reasonable $1.50 with tax.  With cream cheese, still pretty reasonable at $2.25 with tax.  But buttered bagel with swiss cheese?  OMFG!  Five frikkin dollars?  Gimme a break.  I thought she made a mistake when I saw the price but she said, "Well, it's four slices of swiss."    No worries.Next time I brought my own slices of swiss and discretely added them to my buttered bagel.  (I'd give em 4 1/2 stars if I could.)OK, that gripe aside, I've never had anything here I don't like.  If you're Jewish you probably know "kugel" (noodle casserole).  Man, this was the bomb.  Tasted just like my mother made it.  Wow.  Had a mediterranean pasta salad; yum.  There are twin young women who work behind the counter who are a delight.  It's a friendly place and people seem eager to please.If you're ever looking for me; head to Poppy's on any Sunday morning around 10am and you'll find me there enjoying.
4	What this world needs are more joints with good bagels, because as it stands now, we have to drive a good ways to get one.  Sure, there are options, but they are so far away.Unlike Andy, who has to merely walk across the parking lot (an adventure in itself, I am sure), we are a good bit away from Poppy's, which is a shame, as they have some nice offerings.  Thinking on it, it is probably a good thing, since if I were closer, I would probably be popping out of my pants if I ate here as much as I wanted.Though they are maybe not the friendliest - having to get through a line of Charlotteans wanting their bagel fix will do that to you - they serve up a good bagel quickly certainly and that is about all that matters, right?
5	Wandering around Harris Teeter Morrocroft (Taj)  this morning, decided to pick up some smoked salmon with all the fixins'.  Did not want to drive to Poppy's for a bagel, so I decided to just break down and buy a couple from Harris Teeter. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh.  Bright light shining, angels singing.  POPPY'S bagels are in the bin at Harris Teeter!!
5	I agree with everyone who has said that these are the best bagels in Charlotte. As a former New Yorker myself, I know a good bagel. While the interesting flavors they offer at Panera and those other chains are... interesting... the stuff they have here at Poppy's is the real deal. Everything, Sesame, Pumpernickel, all the classic flavored bagels and they're all large and fresh and fluffy with the great chewy and crunchy bagel texture that they are supposed to have.Tip: spend an extra buck and get the salmon spread on your toasted bagel.It's probably not the sort of place where you sit around all day, like a Starbucks or Panera, but it's nice for a quiet coffee (good coffee, by the way!) and a friendly meet with your buddies. In the nicer weather, sit outside in the sun. No wifi.
2	I went here before Christmas and had a lox and bagel.  Very good.  I went again this morning and ordered the same.  Very hard to find the lox in the sandwhich.  If you are going to charge 7.00 then make sure there is actually some lox on the bagel.  As usual - cheaping out.  I won't be back.
4	I am not a huge bagel fan but every once in a while I like a good bagel with cream cheese and capers. I originally wanted a lox bagel but I changed my mind and got a garlic bagel with scallion cream cheese and capers. The bagels were nice and fresh. They were soft and the whipped cream cheese had the right amount of flavor. I would definitely recommend going here. Everything looked good and they had a variety of favors unlike he nearby Katz Deli. Poppy's is located on Providence rd going toward downtown. It's int he same parking lot as Chipolte and across from St. Gabriel Catholic Church. If you are up that way check it out.
5	Poppy's has the best bagels in Charlotte. Period. The bagels have a great crunch on the outside, and are soft on the inside. They taste just like a New York bagel. Sesame, plain, everything, and egg are all delicious.Not only do they have excellent bagels, but they also have great homemade cream cheese. The chocolate chip cream cheese is delicious--I ate a quarter of a pound of it on matzos in one sitting. Probably not the greatest idea, but it was delicious.The location is very good--the shopping centeris nice, and parking is plentiful. I wish it was a little bit closer to our house--I'd stop for an early morning bagel once in awhile. Service is good--really no problems to complain about. They're always extremely busy, so if you're planning to eat there, you may not always get a table.
4	I finally tried Poppy's. I thought the bagels were fresh and flavorful. However, the true test would be what my native New Yorker (and highly picky) parents think. My parents know their bagels and their pizza and their sandwiches but that's the makings of another review. I took my parents home a variety: bagels, knishes, whitefish, potato salad, smoked salmon cream cheese and rugelach pastries.Success! I loved that Poppy's sold 59 oz orange juices so I didn't have to run to the store to get my brunch fix. I would stop here again. I can't wait to try one of their bagel sandwiches and their other cream cheese varieties like jalapeno. Friendly service too to boot even though it was a busy Sunday morning.
4	Great to see a NYC style appetizing joint flourishing in Charlotte. Good bagels and solid selection of deli salads etc. Tuna is very good.
4	I freaking love bagels. Basically, anything made out of bread, or within in the family of bread, typically makes its way into my heart....and stomach. I greatly appreciate a good bagel with cream cheese and pretty much at any point in the day. Poppy's totally delivers. A quaint shop off of Sharon Amity/Providence with a a ton of options. A semi-shotgun set up with ample seating and plenty of natural light. A great place for breakfast with a buddy or the whole family. Also, there are 4 coolers filled with beverages. OJ, other juices, sodas, milk and tons of other choices. I'm a big morning beverage person so this is much appreciated. There is also a ton of other items the main cooler. Deli items galore and plenty of salads of all types and chopped items good for a picnic or potluck. Now, the bagels. Phenomenally large bagels with a nice chew and plenty of space for schmearing butter or cream cheese. The honey wheat and blueberry variety were choice and both are worth their weight. Many other flavors to choose from and I can't wait to check the rest of them out. Love that they slice the bagels all the weight length wise and only half of the way for the width. Super helpful when you're driving and need to tear off a honkin' piece!The staff is super friendly and they move quick. Love it and can't wait to head back in for breakfast!
4	Poppy's Bagel's is definitely worth the stop!I'm loving it.  They really did have great bagels.  Great crisp outside, soft doughy inside.  This place was recommended to me by another Yelper and I'm glad she did.I had to battle some traffic to get there but it was worth the wait and made for an excellent breakfast.  They have an excellent assortment of cream cheeses and a large inventory of bagels.  Line was short so it didn't take forever.  I wasn't a fan of the coffee, but the bagel made up for it!  I ordered for my team at work and we had everything bagels with plain cream cheese and blueberry bagels with blueberry cream cheese.
4	Perhaps the best bagels in Charlotte. I agree with previous posting that a simple bagel with butter is a bit pricey. My friend got a bagel sandwich, and it looked amazing. They have flavored coffee here, which was nice (raspberry chocolate).I wouldn't go here as a regular, but for a special brunch, yes. ALSO: Do not sit in owner's chair. She will be upset.
5	I went to Poppy's on the recommendation of a friend and am ecstatic that I found it.  I have been twice so far, and gotten a breakfast sandwich both times.  First time was a simple ham, egg white (yes!!!), and cheese on sesame.  Wrapped in aluminum foil and tossed in the bag, it stayed warm until I could eat it about 30 minutes later.During my first visit I noticed that they had homemade cream cheeses in the display case, one of which had jalapeno's in it.  I knew I had to try it, so got the same sandwich as above, just with the jalapeno cream cheese instead of sliced cheese.  Incredible.My father-in-law is a huge fan of smoked salmon, whitefish salad, etc., so I had to take a picture of the huge display in the store and e-mail it to him.  Looked like a great selection, although that stuff isn't my cup of tea.
4	Sometimes you just need a basic, including a basic breakfast sandwich b/c some days having all the components of breakfast separately is just too much work (most of these days come after a night that was a really good time :) and that is where Poppy's fits into my life. The first time walking in can be a little overwhelming- especially if it's busy but I have found the staff to always be fine, though not necessarily overly friendly; however, if you refer to the above paragraph, and consider I am usually mildly hungover on my visits- then I think we can all agree that this type of service is perfectly fine by me. I don't drink it, but according to my husband, they have a good iced coffee and he likes that so it makes me happy too. The only reason I am knocking one star is b/c of how crazy busy it is at times- which I know isn't there fault and is a good thing for them, it makes me a bit crazy and I feel claustrophobic so I typically try to go early morning or off times to avoid this.
5	Not only the best in Charlotte, but probably the best bagel anywhere.
4	Discovered Poppy's after mass at St. Gabriel's Church, I had the lox and bagel, capers, onions & it was delicious. I came back a few more times before heading back to StL. We were in town visiting family over Christmas.
5	Look no farther! Best bagels in town! I always want to get a sandwich for lunch, but I can't bring myself to get anything but delicious house-made smear.
1	I just walked out of there $12 poorer with NO FOOD after 25 minutes of trying to figure out where my order was. No apology no refund. Their food is great and I so love to support local but I'm finished with them. They need to get a clue on how to run a service business.
5	I love this place.  Real NYC deli food...minus the grossness (it is very clean inside).  I love my egg and cheese bagels.  THEIR BAGLES ROCK!  I call in my orders when I am on the way.  Yes, I have Poppy's bagel's number stored in my phone :)  Best bagels in Charlotte, hands down.
5	First time here. Nice location. Plenty of parking. The staff was very helpful.Ordered a bagel sandwich; egg (wasn't scrambled, good!), sausage and cheese on plain bagel. four bagels; two Everything, one Salt and one Blueberry, two individual sides of cream cheese; one scallion and one blueberry, Two fresh chocolate chip scones and two coffees.Order total was $23. Reasonable. I feel like this was a lot of fresh food for a descent price.A few more details about the items;The sausage on the sandwich seemed homemade and very fresh. Not too spicy,but a little heat. Very tasty.Bagels were large, chewy, crusty outside with fresh airy inside. Everything was very flavorful. Salt bagel had right amount of sat, very good, Blueberry lacked a good berry flavor, so that was disappointing.The cream cheese appeared to be mixed in store. Both the scallion and blueberry had the desired favors without being overly strong.The scones were soft and full of chocolate chips. They were very fresh and flavorful. Maybe a little on the dry side, which I think scones are supposed to be, so enjoy with milk, coffee or tea.Worth the visit for sure.
5	Having grown up on Long Island I'm accustomed to some delicious bagels typically unmatched anywhere else in the country. Because of this I was challenged with finding an equivalent when I moved to Charlotte. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that Poppy's Bagels nails it!As mentioned in some other reviews here, Poppy's delivers when it comes to NY-style bagels and other deli delights. Something about a steaming hot bacon egg and cheese that does the body good. Not a breakfast fan? Not a problem. I've stopped into Poppy's at least on a couple of occasions for lunch and like any other superior NY/NY-style deli Boars Head meats are the upper echelon of cold cuts and helps Poppy's score big in my book. Stop in sometime for one of the best bagels in Charlotte but be sure to plan on it becoming a weekly ritual!
4	What a great bagel. The staff is friendly and they offer a wide variety of bagels, sandwiches, omelets, etc. The bagels are great, fresh, large, and sliced upon order. I ordered a everything bagel with egg, cheese, and turkey. It came out hot and was delicious! I look forward to returning to try a lunch sandwich.
4	If you're looking for a NY bagel, you've come to the right place. It's on my way to work and church, so I drive by 6 days a week. That, my friends, is trouble.No frills. Bagels and bagel sandwiches are available, as well as myriad other items. I never stray from my standard order:Blueberry bagel. Toasted. With butter.It really makes mornings all the more bearable.
5	I was sad when Starbucks moved out and wary when Poppy's Bagels & More moved in.  I thought there was no way a no-name start-up business was going to do well there if Starbucks couldn't make it.  Looks like I was wrong.  We've visited Poppy's a couple of times for breakfast so far this summer.  They're a fantastic alternative to any other "fast food" breakfast place, including Panera.  I've only tried the breakfast bagel sandwiches, but they are excellent.  The bagels are fresh, delicious, and large.  You can get fried or scrambled eggs on them (a nice option that you usually can't find elsewhere), cheese, and/or meat.  For $4, it's a great value, too.  Their breakfast scones and muffin tops look delicious, too, but I try to be good and limit myself to only a sandwich.  Another bonus:  they have flavored coffees!   I've tried the vanilla, but the chocolate raspberry is my favorite.  I've never been for lunch, but the sandwiches they offer sound fantastic, too, and everything in the display case (like a grocer's deli area) looks fresh and good to bring home, too.  The seating can be limited, though, especially on the weekends when we go.  We've been fortunate that it's not hot (or raining) and there's been an empty table outside.  The inside is usually filled with kids/families for breakfast and the seating looks super-cramped.  I'm not sure how it is in the winter.  My only disappointment would be how one person takes your order and then you have to repeat the entire order to the cashier to ring it up.  There should be some way for the person initially taking the order to relay the information to the cashier.  It feels like a time waster, and if you're paying for your party, you may not remember everything they ordered!I do highly recommend the bagels, though (the only thing I've really eaten there so far), because they're probably the best I've had in Charlotte.
5	Definitely my favorite bagel stop in Charlotte.  We got a dozen for $10.  Plus they have several varieties of cream cheese deliciousness.  I love the way the bagels are just the right balance of crunchy crispy on the outside and soft chewiness on the inside.
5	I LOVE POPPY'S BAGELS.When I moved to Charlotte last year, I left behind an amazing little coffee shop with fantastic breakfast sandwiches.  I was homesick for a good bacon, egg and cheese bagel sandwich.  I longed for the perfect bagel, that one fills you up, but doesn't make you feel too full of bread.  Then I found Poppy's, and the bagel hole in my stomach was filled again.Poppy's is a fantastic, friendly NY bagel shop.  They have all sorts of flavors of bagels, and stock them well into the afternoon - even if you go in right before they close at 3pm, you'll probably be able to get a sandwich on your choice of bagel.  The bacon is always great and not too soggy.  And they'll make you egg white sandwiches too.   They are quick, and always greet you like you're a regular - no matter how long it's been since your last bagel.  I have been hoping that Poppy's will find its way down to the Ballantyne area, but for now it remains my "on my way up-town" luxury.  Oh!  And they have a credit/debit minimum.  So if you're not going to spend $5, be sure to have cash.
5	Thank you Poppy's for being in Charlotte. A great bagel is easy to talk about but hard to find. Take a ride up Providence and you will be relieved to find that ever elusive great bagel, with wonderful people behind the counter. Even though we are still hoping for one in the Ballantyne area, Poppy's has become one of those places you are willing to drive a little father for. Try it, like it, love it. But not so much that all the seats are taken when I try to get in for lunch.
4	This place was extremely busy on a sunday afternoon and I can see why. The food is delicious. You cant go wrong- everything is good! Yummy breakfast sandwiches, bagels, homemade cream cheeses, yummy drinks. There was a man walking around cleaning tables etc. He was very friendly.
5	Friendly and fantastic service. Real NY bagels. Wonderful place!!! I highly recommend!!!
5	Poppy's is still the best place to get a bagel in Charlotte and people have noticed.  The last few times I have been there, on Sunday early afternoons, it has been a frustrating experience.  The line is a long maze, hard to fine the end, in the way of everyone entering or leaving the establishment, also blocking the coffee bar.Poppy's, please fix the unorganized line and ordering process. How about another register or a real POS system? Please stop asking everyone if they want their bagel toasted.  It is a waste of time and an insult to your bagels.  They do not need to be toasted because they are already super fresh, still warm most of the time I get them.  You get bagels from Dunkin Donuts toasted because they taste like crap otherwise.  People are not used to getting Bagels of your quality and freshness and just assume getting the bagel toasted is the right thing to do.  If I was you I would hang a big sign up that says "we do not toast our bagels, because fresh bagels do not need to be toasted".
5	They have the best breakfast bagel sandwiches! Their lunch menu is really good too.  The only issue (small) is that weekend's there's a line out the door in the mornings.But that's because they're so good.
5	I love a good bagel place. I just recentlymoved into town & it was one of the first things I looked for. Poppy's does not disappoint. I got two bagels to go, a blt on a salt bagel and an everything bagel with cream cheese for a friend. We loved them. I am always wary about ordering bacon at restaurants because I cannot stomach the weird, limp stuff. I'm glad I decided to go for it, though, because this bacon was perfect & crisp and they didn't skimp. The bagels themselves were perfect and just a little chewy, just how I like them!
5	Great breakfast place! Loved the bagels, the cream cheese and everything else they serve. You can get grits, eggs, breakfast potato and a number of different salads. I would recommend getting takeout and there is a very small dining room that fills up quickly. Definitely check this place out!
5	Best bagels in Charlotte :)
4	OK- I think these are officially the best bagels in Charlotte.They are no New York bagels. Go into it with that understanding. However, they are delicious and the closest thing to NY bagels in Charlotte.
5	If you wanna' feel like you've stepped into a NY deli, this is the place. Only difference, (I've been told by people from NY), is they're so much more friendly. Great food. Great service. Excellent prices. And local, which is always important to me. They wave over the counter and say hi every time I walk in. Cool place!
4	Being from New York, I had to get my fill of bagels during my trip to Charlotte. This was a very good place. I went mid Sunday morning and the line was very long but it went quickly. It was a little pricey...$25 for 2 egg sandwiches, a soup and 2 drinks? Even though they wrote down our order, we did have to repeat it to the cashier. That system could have been a bit more organized (why don't they just give us a copy of the order to hand to the cashier?) They did bring the food directly to me at my table which was a nice touch! Very tasty good!
5	I can't go anywhere else for bagels after trying the ones here! They are seriously so delicious and fresh. I literally dream about these bagels. Cream cheeses are great too- asiago bagel/jalapeno cream cheese is my current go-to combo, but the scallion and plain cream cheeses and everything bagels are excellent too, as is the lox. They also have good coffee. It gets busy and they close at 3, so your best bet is to visit on weekdays and early (before they run out of the asiago bagels). Do yourself a favor and stop here next time you're in Cotswold.
4	This place is a bit far for me or I would be a regular. The product itself is very good. We all know what sets you apart is your service. The current manager there is very good. I like that the cook always makes my eggs the way I ask for them.
5	Today was my first visit and this place is GREAT! The staff was very nice and service was quick. I had a breakfast sandwich that was awesome and brought home bagels to share with the hubby. Yummy!!!
5	What do you get when New York bankers move to Charlotte?You get a ton of Yankees making CLT a New South city.You get at least one place with authentically New York bagels (although they are still working on the pizza here).Big, chewy New York-style bagels. New Yorkers, you won't be dissatisfied, unless you get the cream cheese with lox. It's just bits of fish in cream cheese, not big, thin slices of fish, and no capers and the rest.As for me, I go with the nontraditional bacon, egg and cheese toasted on an onion bagel. Boom. I'm done.The coffee is HOT here, they sell newspapers, and you can sit inside or outside. There are parents and kids EVERYWHERE. It is Charlotte, after all.
5	Hard to add anything to the other stellar reviews but this place has consistently the most fantastic NY bagels in CLT.  They rival some of the best bagels in NY too.   All of you chain store bagel people don't know what you are missing.  It can get a little busy at times but they really do get you your food quickly.  Sandwiches are a little pricey but are really stuffed with good stuff so they are worth it.
5	This is a great place to go! I'm new in town and was looking for a good location to start my work day i.e. Eat a yummy breakfast and read emails and this was it! The staff answered all of my questions even when I asked what pumpernickel tasted like. Then after I paid he gave me one to try! I will definitely come back and encourage others to come as well!
4	I have to agree with other reviewers: they're not New York bagels, but they're pretty damn good all the same. I had sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel, and it definitely hit the spot I was seeking to fill. The sausage wasn't quite my taste (next time I'll try the bacon) but this was more than offset by the great preparation of the fried egg, with a thin layer of yolk distributed throughout. As for the bagel itself, the texture, flavor, and chewiness were on the mark, albeit missing that je no sais quoi in NY bagels. Maybe it's the water? I don't know, but I'll be back for more.
5	The white fish is fresh, the bagels are awesome, and the tomatoes are great not hard and still very flavorfull. I would highly recomend this place
5	Great bagels, nice and chewy, comparable to New York. Best I've found in Charlotte. I love the asiago with scallion cream cheese and I've never wanted to try anything else.
5	Love. Love. Love.Growing up in Chicago, I had a plethora of non-chain type bagel joints to choose from. True, legit, REAL bagels... Not those things that Einstein's, Panera, DD and the like, try and pass off as a bagel. Poppy's delivers a great bagel that satisfies all the requirements. Perfect amount of chew, not hard, not dry, not bready, good flavor... Awesome. The bagels are great, prices are good, friendly service. I just wish they were closer to the Southend! I can't wait to go back and try their matzoh ball soup!! Yum :)
4	seating might be an issue but prices are decent and the bagel with lox and cream cheese was great.  Too bad I forgot my left overs in my in-laws fridge when I returned home.
5	The lines here move quickly and the service is stone-faced and efficient.  Oh, and the bagels are really really good!By far the beat bagel I've had here in Charlotte since I've moved from NEW YORK!Their bagels have the perfect crunch/texture on the outside and perfectly soft in the inside. If you're in the area, definitely stop in!!
5	I loved loved this place and can't wait to go back! I order a sausage, egg and cheese on a wheat bagel ( and a little salt, pepper and ketchup NY deli style ) and it was perfect! Service was quick and accurate. Nice out door seating area, that's decorated for fall!
1	Food is great, but don't come within 30 minutes of closing time. All the chairs on the tables, food is wrapped up and a rude owner who will remind you that they close and you need to take it to go.
1	This place is perfect if you hate NY bagels and love frozen bagels.As a NYer I was excited to try this place out, but it was disappointing.
5	Their bagels are super fresh!  Real New York style bagels.  My coworker grabs some on Fridays for our team at work, and we end up eating them for both breakfast and lunch. Their cream cheese is homemade, my favorite is the Veggie!  All their different bagels are good, but can't resist that Asiago cheese.
4	I love sandwiches. It was such a good idea to put stuff between bread... but then the bagel sandwich. If I would marry a food it would probably be a bagel sandwich. Breakfast is like the only resin to get up in the morning right? And then you take it into lunch?!?!?!? WINNING! And this place is doing it professional style. Here's the thing. I ate the chicken salad on a toasted everything bagel and I feel different about life. Like I could do anything when I eat the bagel sandwich - and I can! The salad in the cold case are all beautiful looking too! I have only had a few but they are all the bees knees!The coffee is nothing to write home about - so skip that - but the soda case has some fun stuff in it. And take home a half dozen or so bagels so that you can have a yummy breakfast on the go for the next week. As a New Yorker I would like to say thank you on behalf of the northerners here in Charlotte. It's a taste of home!
4	Great little bagel shop, a bit of a pain to get to with the busy road next to it. The dinning  room is cramped but there are chairs outside. Like others have said the staff is efficient and all business. No chatty workers here. But the bagels are top notch and the service is quick even when busy. I would come back for sure because the food was so good. The coffee ain't half bad either. Try the NY Lox on an Everything bagel it's great!
5	Excellent bagels. One of the best bagel shop/deli in Charlotte.  Really gives that NYC/NJ authentic experience. We love it when we are able to stop here.
2	See my picture above; it's the most recent with the sorry excuse for double cream cheese. I have absolutely no reason to make this up. Yes, this is truly a bagel from Poppys.
1	Since posting my last review an employee has sent me numerous rude and attacking messages. I see that the level of professionalism at Poppy's is at an unfortunate low. It's always sad to see an individual lose their cool in the face of criticism, but it does explain why their bagels are crappy. Best bagels for someone who looooves frozen bagels and hates NY bagels.
5	Don't know what the problem is with a previous poster ... these are as good as any I've had living and eating in both New York and Skokie Illinois (suburb of Chicago).  Much better than the run-of-the-mill stuff normally available in Charlotte.
5	Love, love, love Poppy's! You can get coupon inserts and the best bagels in Charlotte in one place! I HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
