2	I'll start out by saying they JUST opened in the last week or 2 and the food was decent.  I plan to go back and I probably will end up raising my rating.I walked in on a Friday afternoon around 1pm.  It looked kind of like a fast food place so I wasn't sure if I was to wait to be seated or not.  I stood there for a second and then a guy walked up and said "1"?  I said yeah, then a Vietnamese guy came in behind me and they sat him instead.  No biggie, but not very nice.  Anyhow, I was seated right after.I looked through the menu and this is much more than just a Pho restaurant, but that was in the name, so I figured I'd give it a try.  I also looked for a lunch special, but there was no getting out of hear for under $8.  I ordered the Pho Dat Biet XE LUA.  Pretty much a Big OLE bowl of pho with everything in it.  I asked him what stripe was and the waiter pointed to his stomach, I said oh, tripe?  He didn't understand.  I guess misspelling on the entire menu.  So, I said no stripe please.The pho came quickly with the normal frills of sprouts, basil, and peppers.  The soup was rather bland, but there was a lot of meat(including tripe) and rice noodles.  I added some of the very fresh basil, a little hot pepper sauce, some fish sauce, and now it had some flavor but still not that great.  I tried harder to get some flavor by adding more heat, and before i knew it, my water was empty.  I waited and waited and ended up walking up to the counter for it.  Never saw my waiter again.Once I finished, I waited and waited for the check, went back up to the counter for that.  I paid and left.  Maybe this place was a self-service/fast food kinda joint and I didn't know how to work it right.  Hopefully these guys will see this and get there act straight.  They have a great source of food with the Super G mart right there.All in all, it wasn't that bad, it just wasn't that good.  The service was horrible.  I will be more adventurous in my meal choice next time.
4	You know Yelpers, when you eat somewhere and can't wait to spread the word!  One of my friends told me to meet him here, in the shopping center where Super G is. You had me at Super G.I arrive early and ask the waiter should I get the rolls with beef or the pork and shrimp ones.. He was all about the beef and he was correct.  I had never had the fresh rolls with beef. They were stuffed with noodles & lettuce and I would get tiny fresh ginger or lemongrass bites.  It really turned me on. That alone was worth the trip and if I were close by, I think I would just pop in for a little snack.I also ordered vermicelli with pork, shrimp and spring roll and a vietnamese coffee.  Our tab was $33 for two.  So it isn't exactly cheap for lunch, but worth it and worth the drive to go try it.Don't expect any frills, expect great food!
4	Tonight was my 8th dine here.  In the beginning their service was good - Now it is fantastic!  Another Saturday Night and...  Rolled or wrapped - Both!  My Photo is One serving!!!  This is #29 on the menu: Spring Rolls - "B.B.Q Steak wrapped in Rice Paper" says the menu description...  Here is the scoop:  Picture This: Mint, Thai Basil and Vermicelli wrapped in Lettuce, then wrapped in Barbecued Steak then wrapped in Rice Paper served with Fish Sauce (my preference over the so called "peanut sauce" that looks and tastes like Hoison sauce with some ground peanuts on top).
4	I like Vietnamese food very much, and have tried many all around Charlotte. This restaurant opened up only recently, and I decided to take my mom out for lunch. We ordered the fresh spring rolls. And what was surprising was that it came with 4 pieces!! All the other Vietnamese restaurants give you two pieces per order. So that was a pleasant surprise to start with. Pho was good. I ordered Beef combo pho large, and my mom ordered seafood pho regular size. I would recommend against ordering the large size at this restaurant because there's really no significant difference in size. The broth was good. The service was good. The price point is lower than other Vietnamese restaurants I've been to. I would definitely come back again and bring my friends with me.
4	Four Stars for LUNCH ONLY  -Three stars for dinner. I had a Pho (#10) for lunch and it was perfect for a cold day. Not one ingredient overpowered the others, all the flavors were well balanced just the way I like it. There was more than I could eat and it was under $10. Plus the waiter was super friendly. The menu frustrates: twenty variations of Pho and all of them were given exactly the same description in English. I asked the waiter which to order and he said that the beef is less well done in #10 that the other ones - although they all say "rare" beef. It looked just like the one in the picture.Only three stars for dinner because in spite of the two large tvs this place looks like the workers mess hall in a Chinese factory. Not a problem in day time but I went there last night and what I saw made me do a U turn and scoot.  Not dirty but dreary. They badly need a makeover
2	Wishy washy, this pho place isn't consistent. Service is okay but food isn't good.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place! My hubby and I eat here regularly and I've turned my mom on to it too! The owner and her daughter are the sweetest and the food, oh the food, it's so good. We've been to every Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte and this is by far our favorite. The ingredients are always fresh and the portions are plentiful. The flavors are just right and of course they have plenty of condiments on the table if you like. The coconut bubble tea is the best in town and the #25 is my favorite dish to order out anywhere. Please give it a try, it's a great family owned place that I crave almost every day!
5	easily one of my favorite viet places in Charlotte, it's just sort of out of the way. I think their banh xeo is the best in town and everything else is fairly solid as well. I'd always wanted to try the korean restaurants in Super G Mart but kept going here instead.
4	Bubble tea! Love that stuff. Pho Huong Que does not look like much from the outside, or even the inside for that matter, but the food speaks for itself. I have had a few things from their menu now and never been disappointed. The pho is super flavorful and all of their meals seem to be fresh. The few times I have been there it did take some time to get my food but it is totally worth it.
1	This is the 3rd time I've been here and I have to say the service is so slow and indifferent. They used to be the only pho place south of Charlotte but thank goodness for the new Viet/Thai restaurant just past Matthews in Indiantrail on hwy 74 food is fresh and the service is much better. Never coming back here again!
3	I had the #37 rice plate combo and it was a plus! Wish the pork chop portion was bigger, but I will definitely still go back for more if I am craving. The egg rolls was delicious!! I also ordered a coconut boba smoothie and it was okay, I've tasted better.We also ordered the Spring Rolls. The sauce is what compliments the spring rolls and the sauce was really bland. I wish it was a much more yummier sauce! The portion of the spring rolls are a lot smaller than the ones I've eaten before though.Overall, I give it a 3 star because their pork chop was delicious!!
4	Nothing fancy, basic, good food, large portions, inexpensive, owner waited on us and service was good.
3	Pho Huong Que is not some place you would normally drive by and be like "OMG PULL OVER THAT LOOKS AMAZING" They let their food do all the talking so getting in there is step one.Step Two: OrderEverything seems to be super fresh, and the spring rolls we're hot and delicious.My fiance had some Pho which he enjoyed, while I had a chicken/beef/shrimp and veggie plate with some type of noodle. Although the water forgot about my bubble tea, he was kind and attentive and brought it to me right away when I mentioned it was missing.The food overall is good, and I will come back in the future.
3	I hate to give a Vietnamese restaurant less than 4 stars. I drove by this place a lot on my way to piano practice and figured I'd give it a try at last.The interior is more akin to a break room at work rather than a restaurant, but I figured what they weren't spending on decor/ambiance would be compensated gastronomically. I ordered the Banh Xeo (pancake) with shrimp along with an avocado bubble tea. Overall, the food was ok. Didn't hate it but wasn't too impressed. The pancake was a little greasy, and the shrimp was not particularly flavorful, nor were the vegetables that came with it. The avocado smoothie was good though, and the service and speed of delivery I had no problem with. It's a no-frills place, which is ok. Perhaps just not a great night? I wouldn't be against giving it a second chance (I'm guessing this is more of a pho place than standard Vietnamese entrees) but am not in a hurry to get back either.
4	3.5 starsThis place has become our neighborhood takeout Viet. They've installed window treatments since, it's soften the ambiance a bit which was well needed. Also there's a new takeout menu, which is shorter but no less confusing.Last night we brought home and shared: #13 Pho Do Bien ($9) shrimp, squid, fish ball and fish pate. The shrimp was dry but aside from that an excellent, strong flavored Pho, we loved it. and#7 Goi Ngo Sen Tom Thit ($13) Lotus Stem salad w/shrimp and pork.Very tasty "salad", could have used a bit more of the chili/fish sauce in my taste but I'd definitely order it again. I wouldn't want to make a whole meal of it but it's great for sharing as a side - albeit a bit priceyNot the type of restaurant to take a date to, but it is what is: an oasis in this foodie hell neighborhood.
4	Really great food and HUGE portions. Both the fresh and fried spring rolls come 4 to an order. Went with 2 other people and we all had the vermicilli noodle salad bowl  with chicken. One order would have been more than enough for 2 people. Everything was super fresh and the service from the two young people working there was excellent!!!
3	It's a decent Viet restaurant. I wouldn't say it's good or bad. I had a seafood pho, but the amount of seafood that was in it was barely satisfying. I'm a seafood guy, but it came as a disappointment. I would guess that it's because I'm a New Yorker. This place isn't bad for the people who never tried pho, but for people who have had pho in NYC or in LA, it'll be a short coming.
5	My husband & I have been looking for a good authentic Vietnamese restaurant....we found it here at Pho Huang Que!!  The food is excellent, the atmosphere is friendly, & the service is good and courteous. The portions are sizable! The ingredients are fresh and there are several build you own plates. We love the spring rolls and the vermicelli bowls.
5	Excellent and Authentic Vietnamese.While the location is not the greatest, it's convenient to me due to my work location and it's quick and extremely reliable.  It's a great healthy option vs many others in the area.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. We have tried so many different dishes, all of which were wonderful.  For the price, it's a great option!
5	My new go to place for pho! Before I discovered this gem, I used to go to Lang Van in East Charlotte, but since I'm Korean and visit G-Mart right next door at least once every two weeks for groceries, I don't have go to out of my way for pho anymore! Not to mention, the price is cheaper and the portion size is larger! Perfect meal for a rainy day. I also love their vermicelli noodles w/ beef or pork...so filling yet light on the stomach (must be the shredded lettuce mixed in with the noodles)! And their green tea bubble tea rocks!As for the ambience of this place, nothing fancy. No need to dress up for a dinner date here. Just feels like you're walking into a Vietnamese family's house for a casual dinner.  After all, I've seen the same people work here since my very first visit months ago...wouldn't be surprised if it were a family business!
5	The vermicelli bowl was excellent!Very good service, the only down side is the waiting time to get your food. Besides that everything is very authentic and fresh!
5	I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.This is a family business, everyone is super friendly. If you are unsure of what to make of the menu-have no fear! Anna or another employee (her brother, most likely!) will kindly explain the dishes to you OR based on a few questions, she will recommend/order a dish for you. AND you will learn how to pronounce what you're ordering.Don't be afraid to try new things! Everything is delicious! But you must try the BBQ Beef spring rolls with the peanut sauce. You won't be disappointed!Note: They are closed on Thursdays.
5	I found this place about 3 years ago when I moved here from NY. I come here at least once a week. The food is great. It's authentic and is consistent. Being from NY where the food is great, I actually like this place better than many in NY. The place is clean, the people are friendly. I will always continue to go here.
4	Look, my wife says I may be Asian and I could live off of Asian food. So to an experienced 'round eye' like me the first impression measurement of a great Vietnamese (or any Asian) restaurant is how many Asians are there eating...I was the minority so I felt I was off to a great start. I'm not the tendons and tripe Pho guy. I like mine SOMEWHAT recognizable. I went for the white boy order of soft spring rolls and a bowl of seafood pho. The rolls were fresh...VERY fresh, no gummy rice paper, no watery "Harris Teeter good lord I need a snack" rolls, not hard from sitting too long waiting for some 'I like sweet and sour chicken' schmuck to order them...fresh, tasty...perfect. The peanut sauce was full of flavor and once I sriracha'd it up to my liking I could have eaten it on an old sock and it'd have been good. Then the nicest girl delivered my Pho and the aroma was breathtaking. Not some bland bowl of broth with noodles, NOPE, this was a steaming bowl of seasoned heaven that I topped with japs, sprouts and basil. Squeezed in JUST the right amount of sriracha for a little more kick and BAM, the Pho Gods were smiling all over me. I'd have given 5 stars EXCEPT I felt the amount of seafood was lacking, but what was there was great and don't let that stop you. The food is authentic, the family is nice and the Pho, well you tell me after your next visit. I'll be back!
4	Pleasant fast service. Got small seafood. $8 which to me seems overpriced. Broth was yummy. Clean tables n utensils but the trays for condiments could use some work. Immediate seating during workweek lunchtime
4	Stopped in for lunch. Drove here from South Carolina. Service was very friendly. Boba tea had good flavor although it was blended. I would have preferred standard ice. Ordered the #12. Added chili oil to make it really spicy. Food was very good. Comparable to San Francisco. I would eat here again if I lived nearby. # 1 and #5 appetizers were good also.
4	My husband and I love this place.  Their pho is great and their chicken salad is spicy but so flavorful.  It is our go to Vietnamese restaurant
4	I had a vague relocation of Vietnamese place in this shopping center, so after a long night indoor rock climbing at Inner Peaks I took the leap of faith into their parking lot.Not only are they open to ten pm on weeknights their service rocked and the food was made fast.I made my own pho and the medium was only $7.50. This not the place to come to impress a first date but if you are in the area and want some fresh and delicious- stop in for a satisfying meal.
4	Trying this place because it's so much closer to my house compare to other Vietnamese restaurants. I placed a to go order, Ahhh !!! they got my order wrong !!!!! I didn't have the time to go back and exchange it ,so I just go with it. I had asked for pho with well done brisket and with EGG noodles ! But I got regular pho rice noodles instead and why is there meatballs in my soup ?! I didn't want any meatballs !!! Whatever, so I took out the meatballs and placed the meat slices and noodles in the soup cup and took a sip.Ahh!! The soup burnt my tongue !!! Should've have known, the soup is always extremely hot, but I couldn't wait, even though it burnt my tongue, the broth is actually pretty good! Ok I forgive you for messed up my to go order, because your broth and meat are pretty legit! The broth is rich and flavorful and not overpowering with the spice.Meat is tender and good portion for $8 ! I will definitely come back , but next time I will make sure my order is right before leaving the place !!!
5	Great food and great service....seriously reminds me of Nah Trang and HCM City. I had the bun and the herbs were amazingly fresh. Can't wait to try the pho.
