4	I bookmarked Sai the minute I read Poly's review -- 1) it's just down the street from my office and I'd never been brave enough (?) to even venture into this pitiable strip mall - let alone any of the restaurants in it and 2) it sounded fascinating -- particularly given the proximity of the market in the same shopping center.So today, my foodie cohort at work and I ventured to Sai -- it was early, the restaurant was empty, so the buffet looked very appealing -- we were stunned by the selection -- for $7.99, there were limas, samosas, pakoras, steamed rice, paneer masala, cauliflower, potatoes and peas, lentils, chicken curry and tandoori chicken -- plus the buffet lunch came with naan and a beverage.With no wait, we jumped right into things -- and were loving every bite, when a group of customers who'd come in shortly after us (2 Indians in the group), received their food -- and wow -- I've never seen a dosa before -- it's like the most impressive burrito/crepe ever -- at least 3 feet long -- I was so stunned, I asked the poor guy if I could take a picture of him with his lunch. Had a nice chat with the manager - Jignesh -- he's from the Western side of India, nearest Pakistan.  He let me know that the market a few doors down is run by the same owners.  Trust me, if you come to Sai, you have to take the walk down to explore the India Market -- OMG!  It's like disneyland for foodies -- it's floor to ceiling all things India -- and don't miss the 2nd room -- it looks like it's all rice, but around the corner is a large cooler of fresh vegetables -- and if you look close enough at the boxes stacked up to the ceiling - you'll realize that India Market is not only the store -- they're the distributor of the majority of bulk items they sell....  little ol Maryland Parkway has itself one serious distributor...  If you're into Indian food, culture, etc -- do not miss Sai -- granted they've spent no money on ambience...but who cares...if the food tastes great, and the restaurant is spotlessly clean, and the people running the place couldn't be any kinder if they tried.P.S.   The cooler in the front of the restaurant, really isn't a cooler at all -- they use it as display and storage of their snack mixes -- I've put pictures up for you to see (sorry, my camera phone pics doesn't do it justice -- because there's everything from spicy seasoned cornflakes to puffed rice, spicy cashews -- basically the Indian version of Chex Mix and all things salty, crunchy, yummy...) and Jignesh told me this is what they love to eat for breakfast with tea.   Personally, I thought it looked like it should be paired with a Kingfisher...Oh yeah - one more thing - I've lamented regularly about why no one seems to make Poori anymore -- Sai does!   4 different kinds!
5	I thought Poly's review of this place sounded intriguing so I decided to check it out.  It's great.  Don't let the small strip mall (on Maryland just south of Trop) scare you away - it's called Camelot mall, but I don't think it's had a fresh coat of paint since Arthur was king.  For $8 the lunch buffet gives you that Indian flavor that is so unique.  I'm not up on all the names, but the curries are all good and I especially like the vivid green one with a hint of cilantro, it's a real "humdinger", I'm thinking.  The people who run the place are very friendly.  Hard to believe that you can do a great Indian buffet for less than the cost of a Fatburger combo, but it's true if you're willing to forego fanciness for a bit.
5	I keep exploring the neighborhood and finally got to check out this little place. I'm totally unfamiliar with Indian cuisine so I decided to try their lunch buffet first. It was not $8 as one of the previous reviewers stated (unless they charged me separate for soda) - I paid about $11.Anyhow, even though choices were pretty limited - they had 2-3 meat dishes and 5-6 vegetarian ones I was pretty full and definitely liked the food. I'll read a little bit on Indian dishes and probably order something off their menu next time. Most menu were priced between $9-$12 so it is not cheap-cheap but not expensive either (although I'm not sure about portion sizes yet).
3	Wow.  Serious hole in the wall!  Decor is nonexistent.  Service is functional.  The buffet is okay.  The selection was intriguing, though--they served a squash curry and an okra/onion curry the day I was there, as well as the inevitable lentil dal, rice, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, vegetable pakora, pappadum, naan and chutneys.  Nothing was extremely spicy, and some of it needed a little more kick.  Nothing was so outstanding that I'd return for the buffet, but there was an indication of enough potential that I'll certainly return and try something off the regular menu.
1	This is an absolute a stinker. Dont bother to visit..the food is bad - especially dosas and idlies..made from stale Gitz mixes?! Stinky place overall. Does not deserve to be patronized to stay in business.
4	Best nan I've had in Vegas!!  Great bang for your buck.  They even had the $7.99 lunch buffet on a Saturday!  Who else does that???  I look forward to trying the dozas the next time.  They were all around $6 and HUGE.
1	Crreeepy hollow! We chose the buffet. Bad decision. Real bad.1. The "Open" Sign was not on and we weren't sure if the place was open.2. The place is unclean, let alone food on the carpets. Don't get me started on the restrooms!3. The buffet cost us about $9 each. Oily aloo subzi, soggy eggplant and raw and bland tasting palak paneer. Dal was..well an awful tasting puddle. Dessert was a taffy textured Gulab Jamun, that was a first.4. Why there were two empty buffet bowls is still a mystery even if we paid the full price. Just when you are wondering, the owner will then offer you special house cooked curry for "Free."5. If you haven't had enough, the new owner will show off the yelp certificate to EACH customer while you are eating, whether you like it or not.6. You will also hear a lot of "We have no decor here, but we serve clean and tasty food made from scratch." Mmmm...nyah, the first part is true, scratch..yeah sure, the food does taste like wall particles :) and clean, well I think its been a while since the health authorities took a look. After all the "Open" sign's off.7. Are we done yet? No...more lectures about how the food is half price as compared to any other Indian restaurant in Vegas.The only nice thing was Naans, but not worth your money. Better off putting them in slots!
1	The reason I am writing this review is because of the disconnect in how good the reviews are on Yelp for this restaurant and how it is in reality while eating there.The place is very congested and there is no proper service. The food, limited in options, is very oily and does not taste good. In addition to all of this the constant blabbering by the store owner about the wonderful food and the renewed ownership of the place is really irritating! Above all this, the one good thing  the restaurant had with the previous management was good unlimited Garlic Naan which has been changed to two crappy naans with the buffet.
3	Well... after a while I decided to stop by this place after shopping at my neighborhood ethnic market. Interior has changed and I think ownership changed too... So here I was, clueless about all these 150 menu items. Owner (I guess he was) came by and offered me to try their buffet. I didn't see buffet station so I was a little puzzled - how can I have buffet when there isn't one present. He explained me that it is a "portion controlled buffet' !!! Hell ... you might as well just call it a combo meal and stop confusing people! So I said OK I'll get it since I didn't feel like questioning him about every damn item on a menu.In a few minutes I got a plate with 6 small cups of different stuff, small portion of rice, some chewy piece of meat and 2 pieces of naan. That's the new buffet! I might as well call my cat a dog in this case :)So bottom line is: - silverware was dirty so I had the owner quite embarrassed- not much of a value for $14... Guy asked me if I would eat more if it was a real buffet and I said yes of course... but isn't that the whole reason behind buffet concept!!! I mean if I don't want to overeat I'll order an appetizer or something and not a "controlled portion buffet".Well ... I'm just ranting already but this place is off my list for a while.P.S. Funny but I've seen Yelp logo on a menu there and now I'm bashing the place.
3	I thought the food was good. I tried the chicken vindaloo with garlic naan. I don't remember anything about the interior so it must not have been too impressive. They were playing a CD but it started skipping a lot so they just turned it off. Even though the food was good, here's why I won't be coming back...When we got here it was just us and an Ethiopian man dining. The husband and wife owners were there with their son. When the other man was leaving, he struck up a conversation with the wife, and said that he was a frequent customer and wondered why he hadn't seen her before. She said it was because she had a M-F job, so she was only in the restaurant on the weekends. After he walked out, the husband and son started cracking jokes about him. It's really tacky to make fun of customers in front of other customers.
3	Completely decent Indian buffet served in a tiny restaurant in a strip mall. It reminded me of a Fish & Chip shop from back home in Australia, complete with ordering counter and linoleum floors. In short - not the place to go for an elegant dinner.Still, the food was nice and if it was a little more conveniently located for me I am sure I would have visited more than once.Acceptably good Indian at a decent price.
