1	@holverson: SCREW YOU Valvoline Instant Oil Change! I schedule a 3 hr appt. & you close without canceling. Make me drive 1 hr w/kids. You suck!! #FAIL
4	Pulled in the other day for a standard oil change. Both bays were full, yet the staff came out and explained to me the wait. No prob. When it went even longer due to a added service by one of the vehicles in the bay, they got right out and let me know. Again, no prob. Appreciate it. Then, they began to in process me before I got in the garage and started a light check. They were on it. After looking at the dipstick, the lead tech explained to me that I did not need an oil change and showed me the oil. It was still in good condition and since I was at 3k miles, it REALLY wasn't needed. My choice, but the advice was not to worry about  it. Their prompt communications, attention and honesty is a rare find in today's service world. I will be back for sure....and post this to yelp.Jan 2013-Went back a couple months ago. Same thing. Repeated, honest service. Very nice!
5	The staff here were very courteous and knowledgeable! I felt like I could really trust them. The service was quick and completely worth it. I'll come here every time!
4	Darn fast most of tsecond time here because they are so darn fast and send me updates and reminders right to my snail mail box. Nothing like good ol fashion marketing. What is also nice is that even though they have to ask you if you'd like service (eg transmission flush, new air filters, ect) they don't PUSH push or make up bull chitz that your vehicle will collapse or break down if you do not get the radiator flush. That's nice. Nothing like moseying in and moseying out. The last placewant to waste your time off at is an auto shop. There's also a girl that works there who is phenominal at what she does. Even wiped the inside of my dash and windshield. She would NOT except a tip from me but who is to say that i didn't just throw it out the car window and say "you deserved it". She rocked and that was extra special of her to go above and beyond. She even let me know where I can go to get nitrogen air other than costco for my tires.
