4	This oxfam is one of the best charity shops in the areas for books although this comes at a cost as it is also one of the more expensive charity shops for books in the area.  Personally I think the extra money is worth it in the quality of books you get here.  Of the book sections you obviously have fiction books and this is a good selection of good fiction books (you often get a lot of rubbish in some charity shops), but the standout sections are the Biographies, Education and Travel section.  If you are into books and want specific types of books rather than just wanting a book to pass the time this will be more your shop.  If you are the latter then there are cheaper places to go.  I would recommend coming here, being more of the former, as the books here are great books - just the other day I got an autobiography and a cook book I'd wanted for ages, both the sort of books that don't come around very often and I was greatful for them even though they did cost a fair bit more than books elsewhere.
5	As the previous reviewer said this is a more expensive option for second hand books but I can't begrudge that, even if more expensive it's still better than paying full price and you know your money is going to a good cause. There have been a couple of occasions when I have gone in with a specific book in mind and come away successful. This is quite a novelty in a second hand bookshop where often it is just potluck. They have a great range of books including travel guides and text books both of which I always hate paying full price for when I know I'll only use it for a short length of time. My last point is kind of anal and maybe I'm the only one who cares about this but I'm putting it out there anyway; the Oxfam Bookshop is really well organised!! They put books in clear categories and alphabetise, I might be alone but this counts for something in my eyes.
5	There's more than one Oxfam in Edinburgh, and certainly many many charity shops. But I want to review this particular Oxfam because, like the other reviewers, I think its one of the best places to browse for books in the area.Next to the book section of this Oxfam is a bigger section dedicated to clothes and Nick knacks. All of that is fine but the book collection is superior. I do agree with the others that it can be a bit more pricey than other charity shop books, but its still cheaper than buying it first hand round the road at Blackwells, and the condition of the books is always superb.They have a good selection of classic fiction, but the one genre that has stood out to me is sci-fi and fantasy. For some reason every time I go in they seem to have some great classic scfi-fi, from Ian Banks to J G Ballard. I've also come across some interesting titles I've never heard of before. Just next to this section they also have a collection of comics and graphic novels. This is where I went home with several hundred copies of classic 2000AD! Unfortunately for some reason the  comics are slightly less well ordered than the rest of the book shop, with several comics in one series I was looking at scattered throughout the piles, which is understandable I suppose given that most people consider comics to be only semi-literate and self contained.A fantastic book shop that always seems to have something that catches my eyes.
4	There are loads of reasons why I don't read enough. I usually blame laziness, lack of time and most of all the price of books when you buy them brand new. Which is why this place is so good, as it gives me no excuse to hide behind: its central location means it takes less than 10 minutes for me to walk here and start browsing, which combats the first two. My third excuse is also blown out of the water by the unbelievable prices.Ok, so you'll have to wait a few months after the latest blockbuster release before you can buy it hre for under a fiver, but for your run-of-the-mill reading material for holidays or when you just get sick of your old stuff, this place is an aladdin's cave. It's also good for buying presents for people with very particular tastes; when you're looking for a particular title for a fussy friend or relative, but a title that the mainstream high street book shops will no longer have in stock.The other good thing about this place is the staff. Rather than being there because they're on an hourly wage, these guys are here because, aside from wanting to do a good thing, they have a genuine love of books so if you ask for a particular title or author then they help you because they genuinely want to, not because they're on minimum wage and they know there's a camera on them.
5	Love this place! I am a thrift store addict so I have made my way around quite a few thrift stores in my time. The charity shop itself with the clothes and everything is laid out very nicely - always clean and organized. I have bought several sweaters and miscellaneous items here on occasion. The really great stuff is next door though in their bookshop. Wowwie wowwie! They have so many amazing books. I've even been in there a few times looking for a particular one and they've had it! With an awesome-sauce price tag attached to it too! For the win!I could, and have, stayed in this book store for hours. I have fingered through the entire huge box a the front register with millions of different awesome post cards. I have forked over the teeny pence to buy one of said postcards. I have framed said postcard in my teeny flat because it was just such a wee cute picture of a naked man taken by Mr. Andy Warhol. Yes, random indeed. This. place. is. awesome. the end.
