3	Generally I'm not a fan of Target, for several reasons.  Most importantly because their service stinks when compared to just about any other retailer.Have you ever tried to return something at Target?  It's like pulling teeth, even if you have a receipt.  If you don't have a receipt, you better ask for divine intervention - you're only going to get store credit (if you are lucky), and then you can only spend it in the same department.This store is no exception, but at least it's a nice size, and fairly new one, so it's a relatively pleasant shopping experience, which can actually be said for most Targets.Pricing is more expensive than your average Wal-Mart, which is interesting, considering that Target considers them competition (witness the furor over generic drug pricing).Unlike many stores, this one still has - at this writing - an in-store snack-bar, and the staff isn't terribly friendly, but that could be more a sign of Charlotte than any place else.  You'll just about have to tackle someone to get help.  There have been stand-outs in this area, but it's definitely the exception rather than the rule.
4	Say what you will about Target, but I was pumped as heck when this one started business--this area of town needed a little more reason to come to it.  I find this Target to be extremely convenient, both because of its location (not far from Uptown, and right off the highway if you're coming from that direction) and because it HAS EVERYTHING YOU COULD EVER NEED, from foodstuffs to bathroom equipment. This Target is like most Targets, which is to say it's super clean, cheap, well-organized, and fairly easy to navigate. This one also has a lot more food options than other ones I've seen, from drinks to frozen foods. Also, there's a Starbucks here, so you can be caffeinated while you shop. Finally, there's a ton of parking, so it's as accessible as you'd expect.
4	Love this Target! Cleanest in town. Clothing racks are not overfilled and are evenly spaced. Customer service is excellent. Great sales and good product selection. Somethings are more expensive than the Walmart across the street, but many things are not, and many things cannot even compare, quality wise. Big book selection and great sales!
3	It's a Target. Not the best, cleanest, fanciest Target I've ever been to, but not the worst, either.Helpful staff (on my visits when I've needed help), and generally does not suffer from out-of-stock problems. I also like the fact that it shares a parking lot with a gas station and a Lowe's Home Improvement - easier to get more things done at one general stop.Prices are on-par with other Targets. This location does, however, have a very odd layout that I'm not a fan of. Electronics awkwardly in the corner next to pharmacy and personal health. You literally go from razors and shaving cream on one aisle to printer cartridges on the next.
5	Let me start off by saying, I love Target.  I especially love quiet Targets which can be tricky to find around the Charlotte area as people seem to love them as much as I do!  Thankfully the Target on Albemarle Rd isn't just the closest location to me, but also the quietest.  I'm sure the reason for that is because there isn't a huge amount of housing close by, never the less, it's a great store.  Everything is always clean, organized and the staff here are really helpful.  The pharmacy is efficient and knowledgable when I have had to ask questions. And as a bonus, there are almost never any lines to check out!  Definitely the best Target in Charlotte.
4	I'm a target fan through and through. If I need something from a store and there is a Walmart right in front of me, I'll bypass it and go out of my way to go to Target. I've had a few bad experiences at my local Northlake Target store but that still hasn't stopped me. I was in the area on Albemarle Rd and needed a few things and stopped here. Walking in I noted it was your general Target store but as I started browsing the clothes (clearance shopper!) I was asked I was asked if I was finding everything alright by an extremely nice lady with a smile on her face that was looking right at me. I answered and went about my business. There were no clothes on the floor and all were hung nice and neat. Most of the time they are strewn all over the place in the clearance section. Later on as I was in another place of the store I was greeted again with a smile and friendly worker. I've never been greeted like this in any target that I've been to! Overall this was a nice and clean target with friendly workers. Area of course isn't the best and the layout is a little weird. But if I was in the area Id love to stop back by!
