5	I am a freelance graphic designer / photographer.  I have worked with many of the various printing and design shops here in Las Vegas.  Digital Insight Printing is BY FAR my favorite printer.These guys are FAST!  Plain and simple, they get the job done.The staff is very friendly and they have always gone above and beyond to help me meet my printing deadlines.I have printed flyers, posters, headshots, business cards, ect with them and they have always been top quality.Time after time they have produced AMAZING print work for me and have always meet my printing deadlines.If you are looking for a RELIABLE printing company in Las Vegas, look no further.  AAAJanet
5	This place is awesome . I called and got my cards the same day . He was friendly easy,  .... I'm very happy !!
5	Very competitive pricing, fast turnaround time, and friendly, knowledgeable service. What more could you ask for? I've used them for my business printing needs (cards, flyers, posters, banners) for almost 2 years now, and I'm extremely impressed with them.
5	Very happy... Our company uses DI-Printing to print a lot of different things; Biz Cards, Letterhead, Flyers, Product Sheets, Product Labels, posters, etc - always super fast and best prices around. I highly recommend them.
5	These guys did a really nice job printing my business cards.  They were quick and efficient.
5	Their products, service and prices are phenomenal. Their product prices got my business and their prompt and courteous customer service and amazing product quality will keep me coming back. I know that once my order is placed I don't need to worry - it will done correctly and on time!
5	These guys are so on point. They have saved me by doing last minute jobs so many times I have lost count. The owner and staff are really helpful and the prices are great. I use them for all my printing and it looks great every time!
5	I have ordered several times from Digital Insight Printing and they have always done great work! My most recent order didn't come out the way I had expected, but Rob went out of his way to make sure I left a happy customer. Thank you for taking the time! Fast, quality work with great customer service!
5	By far the best printing store!!  I live in the Summerlin area and make the drive to Henderson...it's worth it!  They are very efficient and professional!
1	Printing is good quality, and it should be for the amount you pay. DO NOT deal with Adam. He's an ass and knows nothing about customer service; very smug and confrontational and does not listen to the clients needs. After several bad reviews from friends I have stopped recommending this place to friends and have found several other services with the same quality for cheaper.
5	We love this print shop! They always get our order complete the first day. The quality of their products is exceptional. Very easy to work with.
5	I can't say enough about how the guys at Digital Insight saved the day and my budget!  They printed my son's 5th birthday party Comic Book invites in one day and they turned out awesome. More importantly the cost was within my budget. I highly recommend them for your printing needs....I know I will be from now on!  Thanks again for helping me out!
5	I was able to receive professional quality business cards on the same day at a reasonable price. Perfect for someone local who doesn't have time or is just impatient ordering from other companies. I will continue to use Digital Insight Printing in the future.
4	I have had business cards printed here on a few occasions and as long as I have the order in by noon I can pick them up between 3&5! The print quality is good and fast. To my understanding, they have all the printing equipment in the back. Prices are reasonable. Haven't printed anything other than business cards here but will be doing 40k+ postcards soon!
