3	We had been told by a few people to go here and get our mattresses. I had called the store and had gotten a quote for a set and then sent my husband in to look at it. A couple weeks went by and a living social deal popped up $39 for a $200 voucher.  It sounded to good to be true-right? Well it was! I purchased the voucher and headed over a couple days later to get a bed.  When I got there the sales guy told me that he already reduced all the beds $200 ( voucher-can't be used with any other sales) and that basically the living social deal is no good. Hmmmm that sounded a little unethical to me. He basically went into a contract with living social and then turned around and said he reduced everything so therefore the voucher is void! The funny thing is he quoted me prices weeks before the living social deal and had NOT changed his pricing from then????Don't get me wrong his prices are decent I just wasn't impressed on the fact that he did the living social deal just to get people in the door.  I went home and contacted living social and they refunded my $$$ and said that if this is what he did then he broke his contract with them and these are not the businesses they want to work with.  Again decent prices just didn't like how this deal was handled.
5	Steve was extremely helpful! He can help you find the right mattress for an awesome deal. Local company, local manufacturing, great service. Can't beat that combo!
1	Only thing I can say is that the "Open" sign was on in the window and the lights were on in the store, but the door was locked and no staff to be found at 11am on a Tuesday. We waited for about 10 minutes and then left.
5	A friend recommended R&S Mattress to me and I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical because I was not familiar with R&S and when I arrived it was not fancy. That said, within seconds of walking in the door I knew I had made the right decision by going there. Colin Gee was really helpful in educating me on different types of mattresses and options as well as how R&S is able to offer such discounted prices for the exact same mattresses sold elsewhere for up to double the price. I never felt like I was being sold or pushed into buying anything. I felt great about my purchase and will without a doubt buy from R&S next time I need a mattress. Also, the delivery guys were great. They arrived EARLY and were very polite and efficient. I wish all buying experiences were this pleasant.
5	We had been looking to replace our mattress. A  friend had mentioned she had bought her mattress  at  R&S and was quite happy . So last Sunday, my husband and I decided to check out R&S Mattress. We walked in, and I wanted to walk out, however the salesman  Colin Gee came up and asked if he could help answer any questions, I asked him MANY questions, he was extremely knowledgeable, friendly & helpful. We narrowed it down to 3 mattress but couldn't decide. Colin came up to us and said, do your self a favor go home and think it over, you don't have to decide today. I  cannot remember the last time ANY sales person let someone go away like that. We talked it over, called him back with more questions, and decided that we were ready to purchase the mattress. Colin was ready to deliver the mattress just 45 minutes before closing, but we said we would pick it up. This was the best transaction we have ever encountered. THANK YOU COLIN!
5	If you are looking for a new bed look no more just go down to r&s on bell and ask for the mattress ninja Colin Gee this guy knows what is going on. Not only did he not pressure me in to buying but when I said I had to leave and but would be back after work he didn't fret he actually handed me a 100 dollar pillow and said I will see you when you get back!!!! And he did, I stopped back 3 hours later and got my new Cali king bed and at a smokin price nobody was touching so I tip my hat to you Mr. Gee thank you very much !!!
1	Bought a mattress and delivery was scheduled a week later. We changed our mind to cancel it next day itself but they won't cancel it even though delivery date is still few days later. Avoid this place, there are so many good places where we can return/cancel if not satisfied.
5	Yesterday I purchased mattress here and slept on it last night!  I was saved after 5 nights of no sleep thanks to American Furniture's screw up.  Colin made sure I got my mattress home last night and I'm eternally grateful!  He knows a lot about mattresses! Check it out!!!
1	DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM!!! If something is wrong with your mattress they do not use your "warranty" that you supposivly have of 10 years. They make up bullshit so they don't have to give you a new mattress. Collin is full of shit. Had a mattress from them for a year and the middle caved in and they said they can repair it but I will have to pay for it. Don't waste your money on this shitty company.
