5	We hired Stanley Steamer to come in and clean a carpet that had dealt with a year and a half of three guys, two dogs and a cat.  Let's just say that the carpet was dirty -- spotted with wine spills, pet stains and black smudges from working in the garage and trekking through the house.  The guys from Stanley Steamer got all of that up out of the carpet and left most of the house sparkling.  In fact, they even asked me to come around the house with them and point out the problem spots so they could use extra treatment on those places in the carpet.  Excellent customer service.The only thing they weren't able to get out of the carpet was a Kool-aid stain.  Apparently food coloring is worse than wine on carpet.  That said, they scrubbed the red Kool-Aid stain down so when they left it was a light light pink. All said, the price was right (middle of the road for Vegas) and the guys the company sent out did a great job.  Would definitely use them again.
4	The guys from Stanley Steemer did a great job on our disgusting carpet.They arrived around 11:45, my appt. was for between 11-2.  Very nice professional guys. Tried to do the up sell of course, but that's just good business, and I expect it, they weren't pushy when I refused the extra services. Price was more than I expected, but it's been a while since I had carpets cleaned. And I checked a few other places so it was about average.The only problem I had was with the online appt. scheduling (which saved me 10%). I never got a confirmation email or number, so I was unsure if it actually booked. Good thing I was home when they called the next day to tell me they were on their way. I would use them again in the future.
1	I live in Los Angeles and own a condo in Vegas. Last week we had a leak and my tenant (old lady) called these guys. The estimate was over $1100 they wanted to open the wall and need to call someone else to put a new drywall,pain the wall andetc.... I drove 5hours to Vegas called ServPro and ended up $380.00 without touching the wall. Old lady, owner out of town.No, No, No.
1	Do not use this company.  I needed them to clean the carpets of a house I was renting and moving out of, the house was vacant, I was moving things out of the garage when they arrived.  I paid them and let them be, made a run to drop off things at my new place, returned an hour later to find that they were already done with five rooms.  None of the rooms looked very much better than when they arrived, I think they took advantage and did a half-assed job since I had left for a bit.  They were very nice and polite though, just didn't do a good job.
2	They cleaned my carpet about 8 months ago.   The few spots I had near the door to the garage re-appeared within 2 weeks and came back even darker. I paid for a few sale upgrades too.    I have noticed a few other things that make me think they just wet my carpet but it wasn't truly cleaned.  They called 6 months after the cleaning to schedule a new cleaning, I told them I wasn't satisfied with my previous cleaning and explained the issues.    No follow up by the manager, but that doesn't surprise me.    I wasn't planning on using them again.
5	Gee whiz if you read the reviews on here or online in general you'd think Stanley Steemer is a front for terrorists that will tie you up, steal all your stuff and leave your carpet soaked.  I believe in slamming places that deserve it, no problem.  Also though good work should be recognized and I have to say I was really impressed with Stanley Steemer here in Las Vegas.Just had them out to clean my gross carpet.  It was white to begin with and basically had never been professionally cleaned, and was maybe eight years old.  Now it didn't look bad overall but there were some dark spots in high traffic areas and that dog you see in my picture doesn't leave a smell of lemons and sunshine where he walks, so it had some odor.  Also it was pulling up in spots.Short story:  Stanley was great.  Really great.  They called a half hour before coming, were super friendly, we went over all the numbers ahead of time, and they did a great job.  To answer some specific things you might read about online, I will mention:  They DO stretch carpet and I thought the price was very fair.  It's hard to get any info about that on any web page (theirs or third party) but I was happy with the restretching job and price.  Also, they were NOT pushy at all about any upgrades.  I did get the deoderizer due to dog odor and the fact I'm not planning to repeat the cleaning anytime soon so I figured might as well go all out.  I will mention it really did work, was little over $50 for 3 rooms.   Also everything came out clean, it did seem to take 24 hours before the carpet was really dry but it smells so much better and all those oily stains (I mean they had been there for YEARS) came out no problem.I was pretty hesitant about using any carpet cleaning company, reviews can be so mixed for all them.  But this was a really good experience and it deserves to be shared.
5	I've hired Stanley Steemer for years and am definitely a fan. They came again last week to clean the carpets and tile (first time for tile cleaning). WOW! The tiled areas of my home look brand new (impressive for 15 year old tile/grout). They came on time, were very professional and were fine when I said "no" to additional services. I will be hiring them again and would recommend them to anyone.
5	I was beyond pleased with the job they did.  Very polite and professional! I was skeptical in using them as I have always used Chem Dry but after researching the different methods of carpet cleaning I decided to give steam cleaning a try.  I am very happy I did - will use Stanley Steemer again!  GREAT JOB!
5	what a nice job cleaning and fixing carpet
1	I don't know how well they clean carpets because they never cleaned mine.  My rating is stricly based on the crew's professionalism.  Here's my story;I was a co-signer for may daughters rental condo and upon her moving out, she left the carpert filthy. for two years she lived in, she never really picked up any spills and left the carpet heavily stained with black marks all over the house. Although the floor was very bad, I though it could be saved because the stain were mostly from spilled drink and food (maybe some pet stains too), and not from paint, dyes, or red wine.I called Stanley Steemer and they quoted me a reasonable price for a 2-bderoom condo.  They promised to come the next day between 1 and 4 and the crew were on time at 2 pm.  The entire condo was already empty and ready for carpet cleaning.  The crew grabbed their supplies , headed to the condo, walked in, very briefly looked at the carpet, then walked right back out towards their van.  They informed us that they could not clean my carpet under those filty conditions and that the carpet was "hopeless".I called the Stanley Steemer to give steam cleaning a try.  With rave reviews on the internet, I thought they would do a good job.  But instead, they left me pissed off.  Although I was not expecting miracles, I wanted the carpet just a little more presentable than how it was.  A half-clean place would do, I thought. But instead, the crew didn't even bother inspecting the carpet and see what the stains were made of.  They only assumed it was uncleanable.  Personally, I thought they were just too lazy to do the extra effort.  It was unprofessional of the crew to just leave without giving us any definite reason why they couldn't clean the carpet.I called the HQ and complained about the situation.  The company said that they won't do heavily stained carpets but they would get back to me.  I thought that was crazy because this was supposed to be a professional company.So right away, I called another local company in Las Vegas.  Another company, J2 Cleaning  was not only willing to help out, but their crew did an OUTSTANDING job cleaning the entire carpet.  It was beyond my expectations....and they charged me less than Stanley. It took J2 just 30 minutes longer than average to clean my place, but they cleaned it and did a wonderful job.So my thoughts were confirmed.  The Stanley crew that showed up that day were just lazy bunch of losers and only wanted to tackle easy jobs. I'm sure Stanley is a good company over all coming from other comments, but the impression from their crew made me think otherwise.Stanley just lost business from me...and any business in the future because I will not recommend this company to anyone based on the crew's unprofessionalism.
5	very pleased with the service.had many crayon and spilled drinks spots in the living room.Miguel and Victor took their time and took care of them.Carpet looks almost new.Will definitely use them next time.They also have a portable credit card machine.
4	Our carpet wasn't that bad to begin with, only a few stains from the dogs, but it looked great after being cleaned. All of the stains were gone. They did try to sell more services throughout the cleaning process a few times, and were very informational even when I declined. They didn't move the bed to clean underneath like I expected, but they did their best to reach what they could. Cleaners were very friendly, worked hard, and got everything done in a short amount of time. I plan on using them every 6 months!
5	They were early - which was a bonus.They were prepared, professional and quick.I couldn't be happier with the service.I will certainly use them in the future.
5	Chris and Cherokee were a little late from the office call so I can't really say it was there fault with the time set.  They showed up and got busy right away.  Asked me to show them all the areas of concern to find out I missed a few areas, they got all of them out (hard stains that were there for years....... not treated previously).  They were very nice, proffesional, clean, fast & efficient and cleaned all area rugs including one very expensive oriental rug.  They are the team I will always call for all my jobs!!   BIG KOODO'S TO YOU BOTH!!
5	The guys that cleaned our carpets were very friendly, did a great job, were on time and got it done in a speedy manner.  I was very impressed and would definitely use them again!
5	On time and very professional. Great cleaning job. Santiago and Renaldo were great and took great care looking for the trouble spots. I definitely recommend them.
5	Miquel and Douglas were on time and provided excellent service.  I had the tile and grout cleaning service and it was beyond my expectation.  My floors look new.
4	Appointment was easy to schedule and service team showed up as promised with prior heads- up call that they were on their way. Upon arrival individuals were professional and completed job in a timely manner; along with providing a cleaner carpet and efficient stain removal. Compared to the last carpet service company used, Stanley Steamer meet and exceeded expectations.
5	Stanley Steemer service was impeccable from the initial appointment call to the professional and courteous technicians who serviced our carpets. Not only were we completely satisfied with the friendly contact appointment, the service cleaners, James and Santiago, who were prompt and the carpets that are now spotlessly clean, we also scheduled a tile and grout cleaning after we reviewed our cleaned carpets and was given a tile/grout demonstration! Four paws and two thumbs up for Stanley Steemer!
