4	This is a great little independent natural grocery store (emphasis on the little) that also has a great prepared foods section.  The store itself is pretty small, so you might find it difficult to do all your shopping here.  Also, the produce isn't always extremely fresh.  The prepared foods section (Cafe Verde) is awesome!  They offer several daily hot specials, hearty soups, sandwiches, many different salads (pasta, potato, mixed veggie), and a nice little salad bar.  I would really recommend stopping here to pick-up something HEALTHY and delicious for lunch or dinner.
5	Well, Erin K. says the store is small. I'd only say it's small when compared to a WalMart or other super store. Other than that, I'd agree with Erin's review. There is a huge selection of bulk and packaged goods. The produce section offers quite an array of organic fruits and vegies.The store now even offers wifi! Bring your laptop and sit in the cafe area before you do your shopping, enjoyiing a nice treat from the cafe.
4	I'd like to note this place is pretty pricey. Their prepared meals are great, but I find it impossible for me to spend $3.99 for a yellow pepper organic or not when they are 99 cents to 1.19 at the famer's market.
3	It took me forever to find Talley's even thought I live only a few blocks away.  They have all the Amy's Kitchen non-dairy frozen foods, soy yogurt, Soy Delicious ice cream and Kettle Bakes potato chips I could want.  And it's within easy walking distance of the Dilworth Harris Teeter.  There is a huge selection of wine but doesn't look like it turns over much.  The produce is less than impressive and their meat display is downright scary.  Harris Teeter has them beat in most departments but they do have quite a few pre-packed and frozen items HT doesn't carry.  Update: Woops, they're closing!  That's what they get for not advertising.  If I hadn't wandered into the back parking lot behind Brixx Pizza just to see what was there I never would have found it and I'm a soy product freak and always looking for new items.  Back to Economist Market!
