5	I work on a local event called Ignite Phoenix, and somewhere in the mix we contacted Splinter Creative about helping us with the design and material for our event. We were completely new to this game and didn't really know what good branding and imagery could do for us. They stepped in, gave us some amazing ideas, helped us refine them, and delivered some incredible material that wowed everyone who attended.So we asked them to stick with us for our next event, and they did it again. They keep upping the game, and I now work with them across several different business that I work on.  They've helped me through several difficult creative areas, and the end result is always sharp, professional, interesting, and engaging.  I prefer to work with people who are passionate about what they do, and do it well.  Splinter fits that bill perfectly.  Highly recommended.
5	A client had a last-minute opportunity to participate in a major trade show but the venue did not allow for hanging signage or a booth.  With one week to go, we needed a high-quality table throw printed with the company's logo and URL.After putting a call out on Twitter, Blair and his team responded that they could make it happen.  They gave us a great price and guaranteed the throw would be done in time.  We sent a logo file, they had a proof back to us within two hours, and within a week the throw had been produced, shipped and had arrived at my client's hotel the day before the show.I can't say how wonderful Splinter was to work with.  They were responsive, flexible and professional.  I'll use them again in a New York minute.
5	Did you see the step n repeat with the Cruz Tequila and Yelp logos at the Yelp in Bloom event?  Or did you happen to catch the Welcome to Yelp in Bloom / "Check in" banner upon entering the garden?  Well, Splinter Creative gets credit for both of those... not only is the quality of their work amazing but so is the quality of their customer service!I've only recently started working with Splinter Creative, but I am super impressed so far and truly excited about working with them in the future.  I know it sounds funny... I can hear you now thinking "she's excited about working with an advertising agency?" - but yes, I am!I know that Splinter Creative offers all kinds of services that run the gamut from Identity, Collateral, Environmental, Vehicles, Tradeshow, Banners. Signage, Schwag, etc... and I will likely only use them for just a couple of those things, but I get the feeling from my interactions so far, that they are OK with that.  Thank you for the work you've done for me so far, Splinter Creative - specifically Brandon C - and I look forward to working with you in the near future!
5	In the past couple of years, I've heard a lot of Splinter.  I've seen the awesome work they turn out, their incredible work ethic, and their passion for what they do each day.And now, I've experienced it.  I recently had the opportunity to work with Brandon on a project that is smaller in size, but huge in impact.  Our team met with his team in their offices for some brainstorming and content creation (we're both creative groups and wanted very much to have the influence of both groups on our project).  Our varied schedules required us to meet at night, after everyone had put in a full day's work.  I was exhausted, but the energy Brandon brought rejuvenated my brain and (some) of my creative juices.After a couple hours of focused work and intense brainstorming, we had a plethora of content to work with.  While I wasn't involved in the steps that followed, I was very aware of the authoritative approach Splinter took, recognizing the pertinent details and excellence in our varied and extensive content.The result? An outstanding product that blew away even my greatest expectations.I sincerely wish I had more business to take to Splinter, simply because I can recognize greatness when I see it.  I tend to be very technical, often lacking true creativity.  So to be able to work seamlessly with the creatives at Splinter speaks volumes of them.  The ability to interpret what a client is relaying and translate that into a final product that goes so far beyond satisfaction is not just a skill or a talent, it's a gift.  And Splinter has it.
