5	I've lived in Vegas for a little over a year now and I've found there are no shortage of restaurants in business centers, off of the strip. I stumbled upon Chef Mings while running errands with a friend.The inside is cozy and well lit, a lot of ambient lighting makes it pleasant to dine with a view of the world outside. You can see the kitchen and see the food being prepared, which for a small restaurant is important to me because I can see the cook at all times and smell the fresh aromas as the wok is working. The restrooms are clean which is rare and a huge plus. The food came up fast and I ordered chicken chow mein. The noodles were perfect, not too oily but flavorful. The portion size was generous and I was given complimentary pot stickers and egg flower soup. (Even though the pot stickers were probably because I was a dine in guest for the first week of opening). The meal was cheap $5.95 for lunch and had extras to take to go. Overall the food quality and flavor was better than average but the thing that really made my experience great was the service. The manager or owner (didn't bother to ask) May, was very pleasant and visited my table twice to ask if there was anything she could bring me and how my meal was. In my experience, service is one of the lacking elements in a lot of small, fast, Chinese restaurants. The only thing that I would note is their menu seemed slightly limited but I was told that over time they would be expanding it. They also deliver which is a plus even though I live too far to make use of this. A really great gem of a restaurant perfect for anyone seeking, quick food, good portions, a value for the money and friendly attentive service!
5	I have been to this place three times since they opened up and I have to say this is one of the best Chinese Restaurants I have ever been to. The food, the price, and the portion sizes are all great! You really get your moneys worth here. I like how whatever you order will be made new. My personal favorite is the chicken chow mein! I live in Chinatown Las Vegas and the food here is just as good if not better than any of those restaurants.  The inside is very comfortable, I recently had come on a Thursday night and they had the NFL playing which was great! They have a good loyalty program, if you buy 10 dinner combos you get the 11th one free so be sure to get your card stamped.The service here is amazing. The whole staff is friendly, everyone from the cooks to the manager! You feel welcome as soon as you open the door. The owner Mai and her staff do a great job! Alberto, Leon, etc are all super! Great food and great employees! This is a place you have to dine at!
5	This place is fantastic! Many times I have gone into an oriental place and found something was not to my liking. Also bare in mind I only order chow mein or lo mein in these places so I am a bit experienced in what can be considered above average for a meal of it. If you have often found the quality of meats (chicken in this experience) to be low and chewy as it lacks meat and is low budget gristle,  thhis place will redeem your faith. In all my years in the states and overseas in Europe this place has the finest chow mein I have ever eaten.
