4	This is a hidden little gem in the Valley art scene. We've been here a few times for family fun day and on other occasions it's always a good time for the kids with lots of activities and appearances by children's authors and PBS characters.As for the exhibits, the ones on display when we've been there have perfectly fine, although I don't completely get the concept of grouping a Hogarth with Cuban art and other random pieces just because they include text.It's a University art museum so the selection is a bit limited, but we have been impressed with their permanent collection as well as the ceramic exhibits which are just across the street from the main exhibit. While some of the art has mature themes, so does much of the greatest art from all times that are located in art museums all across the United States and Europe.So is this museum appropriate for children? Well, I'd much rather expose my children to mature themes and pictures in an art museum than have them learn about them through friends or on the internet.
5	This was my favorite place to meditate in my emo, self indulgent thoughts as an undergraduate, and as I have grown out of that, I find myself returning there for quiet reflection time. This museum is really dedicated to bringing art and artists to the community - making it accessible and understandable. I love how they curate and arrange work, really making me explore and think about different things as I travel through.
4	Very cool little Art Museum. This contemporary building is kinda hidden in the ASU campus, but is quite a find. Great Museum store offers numerous unique items that are great for gifts. Great first experience and I look forward to going back for many more.
5	Chances are, you've driven past the ASU Art Museum several hundred times and never realized that it was hiding within the concrete jungle of ASU. At least, that's what happened to me! It wasn't until recently, that I discovered the ASU Art Museum and let me just say that if you are a lover of artwork and you haven't been, it's high time you visit! First off, this museum is free to visit. Yes free! It's a non-profit so they happily accept donations, but they don't require a fee to visit. The museum is about three stories and filled with everything from paintings to sculptures. It's got a modern art vibe and the artwork is the type that you can stare at for awhile before moving on to the next piece. This is an intimate museum but not one to be missed! Hidden within a concrete building, you enter the museum by walking down a staircase to enter underground. A concrete jungle with water fountains welcome you and a gift shop with all locally made pieces entice you inside. Once inside, visit each room and explore the art hidden inside. I can't believe I walked past the museum so many times over the years while on my way to Gammage and never realized this little artistic gem was hiding at my finger tips!
5	Such a beautiful campus.  The art in the museum was of an assorted variety.  There was pretty, thought provoking, and fun art of all mediums on display.  It was a very entertaining night and I had a lot of fun with the visual feast Yelp and the musem provided. The building itself reminded me of the movie 'The Labyrinth'.  I was holding my breath waiting for David Bowie to pop out as I made my way throughout the building.
4	This is a beautiful building with a lot of local artists work new and old.  Definitely worth the trip and a great place to take out of town guests.  It's free and your right by lots of great restaurants and fun shops on Mill Ave.Add this to your list!
5	I came here on a Friday for a class field trip with my art class. It was a little hard to find at first since it was my first time being here. There is a lot of parking so that is a plus, and a lot of it is free parking. I ended up finding the museum and it actually blew me away. It is super cool inside and the ceiling is architecturally designed beautifully. After I got out of my class I got to walking around the rest of the museum and all the different rooms with art works are so cool and amazing. I definitely recommend coming here if you have nothing else to do during the summer or if you are here on vacation. It is free which is awesome too!
4	The story of the Towers is amazing, the craftsmanship is amazing, the community surrounding it interesting. Would highly recommend, with an eye towards just how special the story is. Also, not sure who wrote about how dangerous the area is. I took the train there, biked around, walked around, it is a perfectly average African-American neighborhood. You do need to keep your head on a swivel, but don't you everywhere?
5	If I lived in AZ, I'd come every month. The art displays are as good as they get and the design is amazing. I guess if I were to suggest anything it'd be to increase and enhance the signage. It's really confusing to find one's way around with the multiple buildings and floors.
4	The Getty museum is an incredible half-day excursion. The grounds are beautiful and the artifacts are incredible. The last time I was up there the was a Vincent Van Gogh display taking place, with incredible original art works. The place has museum displays that are continually changing. It is a place, tucked in the Santa Monica mountains, that brings a laid back type of culture to the area. And the truly amazing thing is that it is FREE!!!!
4	Lovely garden, spectacular views, great art collections, special events, live music, and good food makes this a beautiful place that needs to be visited and experienced many times. Don't forget your camera to capture the beautiful vistas and garden. Check the website's calendar for upcoming events and exhibits. The entrance fee is free but parking is not. I don't know when is a good time to visit since it's always busy but worth the wait at the tram.
5	Even if you have been to ASU Art Museum during the daytime, seeing it at night is an experience you will treasure in a different way. Not only are the vista's of the lighted City of Tempe breathtaking, the warmth and mystery of sitting in the Courtyard with a latte or glass of wine with the stars pressing on your head, the casual pace of moving from building to building listening to the fountains and the buzz of young and old enjoying this fantastic museum in a new light is amazing and worth the trip.
5	I am mot very into arts, but this place caught me!!! Incredible atmosphere!! Nice architecture and an unmatched view to AZ!
4	The ASU Art Museum is like no other. It's outside space, with sweeping views of Arizona City, AZ  and the Pacific Ocean rival the Art that hangs from the walls inside its galleries. A real treat!
