4	4.5 starsHere is the scoop...I love getting my gel manicures...and at the place I usually go it costs me around $50 each time (for not a great job, btw...) So after my last manicure, I was fed up, so I called the Pampered Pinkie.  I was talking to owner and she told me that they charge $33 for a gel mani...I told her I was shocked...she said that there are more places that are needed that don't charge obscene amount of money (Dolce) but charges enough so us girls don't have to go to the corner chop shops to get our nails done at a cheap price.So I checked them out.The place was really cute, an old fashioned set up with a cute boutique with clothing and jewelry to match.  My nails were done extremely well and the girls there were very personable.  My experience was very enjoyable and will be back.I also got a pedicure, which was also very enjoyable.  I also liked it that my feet were soaking in a tub (like from the 1800's)  instead of the typical jet tubs.  It made me feel that they sanitized everything and felt safe sticking my feet in there.The only drawbacks is that it took them almost 3 hours to do my nails and feet...and the girls can get sidetracked easily with their conversations.  But I will definitely be back.
4	When I used to get my nails done (10 years ago) I used to go to a little chop shop that used a drill...the drill cut me and it was all over. I never got my nails done again, not even for a manicure.It doesn't help that I work with a lot of metals and nasty chemicals that could preserve an army of small animals, plus...with my metal smithing, it really doesn't make sense to have nice hands. Or does it?I took the plunge a month ago and went to the Pampered Pinkie.I. LOVE. IT. L-O-V-E  I-T.They don't use drills (yay!) and they file by hand. It's friendly, fast and relaxing. You feel like you're over at your best girlfriend's house - you just want to sit and eat ice cream as they do your nails. I kid you not. It's that comfortable.The initial cost of the manicure was $33, but when I went for a fill it was only $28 - talk about a steal!The only downside to this is that it's a bit of a trek out there for most Yelpers. I'm somewhat close and when there are no accidents on the 101 South, it takes me 15-20 mins.I'm happy it's close to the house. :)
4	Still a fan! The girl that I normally went to left and I asked for Chris...and I didn't think it could get better than the girl who I had before.I was wrong. Dead wrong.Chris is even better. She works quickly and got it all done.She was running a little late, but I was fine with that.I'm an even bigger fan than before!
4	I went to The Pampered Pinkie as a MNO (mom's night out) with my former mom-group in Mesa.  They let us have wine and snacks (which, of course, always makes things better) while we enjoyed our pedicures.The place is adorable.  The price-point is very reasonable.  There's a $3 off coupon on their website.  The pedicure was very well-done.  The only problem I had was that my nail tech felt the need to tell me her entire life story.  Which would've been fine had I not been trying to enjoy my Mom's Night Out pampering and socialize with my other mommy friends.Oh, and the greek restaurant next door (whose name escapes me now) has FABULOUS moussaka.
5	Pampered Pinkie is a great place to go to get your nails done. The owner is fun and manages an awesome group of girls. If you are planning to get your nails done I would suggest Chris over the others. She is engaging and I have had the best quality in my nails with her. I used to bounce around from chop shop to chop shop but now that I have found a little quality I'm sticking - and if Chris leaves I would most definitely follow her to her new place or stop altogether.
5	Just moved to AZ from CA a few months ago and searched long and hard for a good nail salon. I tried out Pampered Pinkie and I am IN LOVE with these girls. From the moment I walked in, I was treated like one of their best friends. All of the girls are super sweet!I've never had gel nails before, but these actually feel natural compared to acrylics. They are a bit pricier, but I can go longer between fills!I definitely recommend this nail salon!!
4	Went Saturday for the first time for a gel nail pedicure. I'm impressed: They don't use electric drills, they have a vast array of glitter and colors to choose from, and Bridgette did a great job! I think their chairs are uncomfortable, and you'll be sitting in them awhile because they're perfectionists and take their time. Other than the seat, top-notch. I'll be returning for a gel manicure this week!
1	I haven't been on Yelp in awhile, but I feel I owe it to folks to provide an update. This place went downhill exponetially with each subsequent visit. So after 3 times, I never went back, and you shouldn't either. The gel nails were rough/jagged, and they broke & peeled. The tech brought her kids with her to work each time & they were wild & obnoxious.
4	Such an awsome little salon. The boutique is great! I've gotten a gel pedicure and my eyebrows waxed there and have had a great experience. The girls are so nice and welcoming. I love it!
5	This is a great little salon! Very friendly girls and very skilled! Inside it's very girly, kind of victorian girly. I got a gel-manicure, which went very fast. I think I was there 40 minutes (last time I had a gel manicure at a different place, I was there 2 hours!!! but that's ANOTHER review.... :/   ) Usually I always end up bleeding somewhere on my cuticles when I get my nails done, but Megan was very gentle. I would love to get a gel pedi here soon, as spring is right around the corner....the best thing about gel is that it really does last! no chipping or dulling, you can go longer between manis. Would like to come back and get a facial.....prices are pretty reasonable too! (35 for gel mani, 15 for regular, 65 for facial and I think gel pedi is like 40, but I really don't remember the exact price for that one)Location is great! Right next to some great Chandler restaurants and cafes.....get your nails done, then walk around and get a nice cup of tea at the Urban Tea Loft for a great day of pampering!
3	After reading all the reviews I decided to give The Pampered Pinkie a try. While they are all very sweet and made me feel welcome, I have to say, I wasn't impressed with the work. I had gel nails and a pedicure. The chair wasn't comfortable to have a pedicure. I couldn't relax my legs at all, using my strength to hold them up. Defeated the purpose. I wasn't offered a scrub of any type. I wasn't offered anything extra. It being my first time there, I didn't know the process. My gel manicure? Wow! While the girl doing them was very sweet, my nails ended up looking horrible. The next day, I went somewhere else to have them redone. I paid $100.00 with a tip for an eyebrow wax, gel nails and a pedicure. Way too much for what I got and didn't feel pampered at all.I'm giving three stars because they were friendly and the shop was cute. But I will not return. If I'm paying this much money, I truly want to be pampered.
4	Love this place!
5	I love the Pampered Pinkie, especially since  Shanna works there! I have been going to Shanna for five years and she does amazing work. She always knows what I want and what looks best. I trust her completely with my hair, she's never done wrong. She is very knowledgeable in her job, love going to her an  would never go anywhere else!! My mom also goes to her we love her. We recommend  her hands down. You will leave extremely satisfied!
5	Love a day getting pampered with the ladies
3	While the customer service was excellent, i was disappointed in my pedicure. They had less nail polish colors to choose from than other places I have been. Then i sat in a cushy chair, which was nice but I would rather be in a massage chair. & instead of a bubbly foot bath I had a little tub of soapy water. The thing that really turned me off though was that instead of a foot rest, i had to put my feet on the gal's lap while she gave me the pedicure. I didn't like that & felt it wasn't vary stable for some of the delicate work they do. then when i asked for a design i found out they were not very experienced at nail art.So despite that fact that the ladies there were super nice, i won't be back.
5	Customer service is important to me. Quality of work is equally as important. The Pampered Pinkie has both! Love the atmosphere and decor here. Love the smiles and warm greeting. My nails (both mani and pedi) look great! I will go back. I will tell others to go too!Thanks guys! Today means a lot to me.
5	Excellent customer service and the girls that work there are SO kind! Will definitely be back!
