2	Wow!! Unfortunately there is not much to say. There is no signage at the street telling you where the TW Theater is. The only thing we saw was just after Walgreens there is a little road and at the end you saw a sign that said Theater Ginsing.. We took it by chance and at the end is the brown building that is Tommy Wind Theater. You have to pay $5.00 Cash to park! The outside looks kinda run down. We had to go in thru the exit doors then go sit by the bar. If u wanted a drink of any kind at the bar you had to use Cash the Credit Card Machine was broke!! While sitting there while waiting to b seated in Theater you heard the entire rehearsal of The 2 Kings. They also let 4 people go in before the rest of us and they didnt have any specialty tickets! For the price of the tickets they need to Spruce things up and be more people friendly. The guy at the ticket box is not and neither is the lady selling souvenirs!! Wont go back
2	As the previous reviewer said, this place has no signage from the street so, it's easy to miss.  If I had not read Vicky description we never would have found it, even with it we passed it the first time. Everywhere else on the strip parking is free, so if you don't want to pay, just park at MGM or Monte Carlo and walk over. I also agree about the staff.  I think they are too young and inexperienced at customer service.  Maybe they come at a good price but the place is cheapened by them.  There was no order to our arrival, people milling about everywhere, no 'official' place to be while getting tickets. The place is decorated mostly in black, I think to hide the dirt.  It could use a good cleaning and some serious sprucing up.  Had kind of a seedy quality. Bring cash, the credit card machine at the bar is still mysteriously broken, however they had a atm machine in the lobby so you can be close to your money.  I think they should just stop saying that and make it a cash only bar. Clearly after more than 10 days, they have no intention of getting a new machine.It has traditional theater seating inside and not enough people to escort you to your seat.  Not sure why they have ushers, it's general admissions anyway.  They have booths on both sides that are reserved seating, and we sat there as guests of one of the band members.  It's the best place to sit in my opinion.  The photos online make the place look much better than it is. So, all in all  I've experienced better
5	Amazing high ceiling venue,  great for clubbing, huge parking lot and great location at the heart of las vegas ..love this venue
