5	Friendly staff, great masseuse, and an overall great experience! From the phone convo where I was able to tell them what I was looking for, they set me up with Tish who did an awesome deep tissue massage on my sad, knotted up body! It was a nice touch at the end getting an entire bottle of water (which I drank on less than 5 mins). Other places give you tiny cups and expect you to remember to drink lots... I felt like Elements really takes care of the client! I will be back!
5	I've been coming to Elements Massage in Dilworth almost since it opened. My masseuse, Jacquelyn, is very well educated and experienced in her craft.  She gives me a fantastic deep tissue massage which works wonders!  I also love the staff, they are super friendly and know me by name; they have me checked in even before I get my car parked and make it in the door!  The ambiance of the massage rooms is perfect; clean and well appointed. Lastly, I agree with a previous review... I love the 20 oz. water I get every time!  I reuse it all week because it's bigger than the bottled water I buy for myself.
5	Aahh!  This was my first visit to this location of Elements.  If I had to describe my visit with one word, it would be "calming".  It's always the little things that differentiate the best from the rest.  Here it starts with the light and airy waiting area with the sound of trickling water from the wall sculpture.  But there is little time spent waiting here.  For I was shortly greeted by Jacqueline, the licensed massage therapist, who took me through a totally calming 55 minute massage in a low lit room accompanied by soft new age music.  This is not a place to go for a back rub.  These folks seek to understand up front what hurts or is tight, and how much pressure you desire.  And then...calming.The little things that topped it off?  As you leave, you are given a cold bottle of water, because deep tissue massage can be dehydrating.  And also a generously sized chocolate candy, because...well, just because.  Perfect.
5	I had a really relaxing experience there today! Michelle was really great and really sweet! The pricing is also really reasonable. I will be returning soon :)
5	My first visit to Elements and massage therapist Chad. In a word AWESOME!Not only was he a fellow foodie full of tips on place to eat for this transplant; his massage was soo good.  I have arthritis in my feet and he gave the best food massage I have had in 20 years.  All around best massage ever....shhh don't tell my previous massage therapist!
5	Michelle is the best therapist I have been to in Charlotte. No frills at Elements, in and out massage and in return they offer reasonable pricing. The staff is always very friendly and the location is easy.Michelle is amazing if you enjoy deep tissue massages.
