5	A few months before my fiancee asked me to marry him he went to a local neighborhood jewelry store and had an engagement ring commissioned for me. I had shown and designed what my dream ring would look like and he took it into the store and one of the goldsmiths, Aaron Linaman created it from my drawings. It was more beautiful than I had ever imagined! I happily accepted his proposal and a year later I am still in love with my ring (and my fiancee :). My fiancee told me that he was treated very professionally throughout the process. The store called him when they found a stone for my ring and gave him an amazing price. I have also made a few trips to the store and every time I have been in there the staff is friendly and willing to help. I will be going into the store to commission a ring for my fiancee for our wedding in July!P.S. My fiancee just bought me a beautiful garnet pendant for Christmas from Rich's custom jewelry and it was by far my favorite gift! It looks very antique and classic. I highly recommend this store as the staff is friendly and the jewelry is beautifully made!
5	This review is long overdue (as I don't even live in the Vegas area anymore), but Rich is a very nice guy and works you through the process of getting that custom piece you want.My story: I bought my wife's engagement ring and our custom wedding band set separately (and unfortunately, not from Rich).  So her wedding band and engagement did not attach at all.  Long story short, her engagement ring is at the bottom of the Caribbean in Belize, and her wedding band just looked too plain without a stone.I went to Rich with the thought of somehow recreating a single ring that encompassed the beautiful highlights of each ring in a single one.  He did just that.  It is almost like he did a 50/50 hybrid of the 2 rings, but it somehow has its very own individual personality.And as far as cost went- very reasonable, and we started that discussion by him asking me what I wanted to spend.  I gave him my ballpark figure, and we determined what diamonds would fit in that range (since that was the single most expensive piece) and then worked backward through the setting, type of materials, etc.  No upsell, no talking me out of anything, he simply listened to what I wanted, and created it.This man is an artist, and he created a masterpiece for our family that will last a lifetime.
4	Great job on resizing a ring for me. I can't tell where or how they did it, but they laser cut the ring smaller for me and it was done within 2 days.The store is in a rather dumpy strip mall and you have to ring and then get buzzed into the shop. The shop feels like it's been there for a couple decades and the store owner was interested to know how I found it. I told him, "Yelp!"Well, he says most of his business is referral and old clients so I'm sure that's why he was curious to know how I came across them. The shop is smokey and could use some updating on the inside. But if you look past all that, I think there's some great jewelry making going on. This is the opposite of a shiny mall jewelry shop. I walked in with a picture of a ring I liked but couldn't afford. The salesman helped me work out the metal and stones that would make a ring like that affordable to me. So.... I'm having them making a wedding band for me now. I'll update once that's done.
2	They have many beautiful rings, necklaces, watches, money clips, etc.Staffs there are so nice too.I got a ring from my boyfriend as a gift and i love it so much. But i have a problem. Staffs there can't resize my simple thin gold ring to my size. Is that because of the measuring rings they have or what??The ring was big when my boyfriend bought it, so i used the measuring ring that they use and we got it sized down. we went back to pick it up and it was too big, so we asked them to size down more. But it was still too big when i put it on the next day.I needed to have it resized anyways and i decided to put it on a different finger. we paid the fee this time, which was half the regular price($60).What happened was, i explained that the ring they resized for me (twice) was too big and i asked them to make it smaller than the ring I used to measure my size. But again it was very big. (detail: my ring kept moving on my finger. the stone part came to the palm side in a few minutes after i put it on. i didn't do anything that i can think of to move the ring. terrible, isn't it?)I went there 2 more times(!) to make my ring smaller. Now, the stone part is still coming inward, which means it's still big. I never had a problem on resizing my ring and this is just so disappointing. It's not the money my bf paid. It's frustrating because I love my ring and can't enjoy wearing it. I feel weird on my finger, which never happened with any of my other rings from other stores.So, as jewerlers, I can't say they're good at resizing a ring. As a jewerly store, I would go back and buy something else. If i buy a ring there, i need to pay another $60 to resize my ring at somewhere else :/
5	Great place to get your watch repaired and sized. Awesome staff, very attentive and knowledgable!
