3	This is a pretty regular dive bar. It is located under Firefly on Eastern near Anthem. When we came in (weekday afternoon), the place was understandably nearly empty. There were two other (obviously retired) people in there playing video poker and listening to country music. The bartender was very nice. If you put in $20 into the poker machine you get free drinks. I had no idea and only put $10 but he still honored it gave us free drinks. I had my usual Jameson and Ginger, and he did not skimp on the shots. There is a jukebox machine, several flat screen TVs, video poker at every seat and ATM machine inside for your gambling convenience. The restroom was clean and there were no visible issues with the bar from what I could tell. It just definitely looks and feels like a bar for the much older crowd.
4	great place to grab a drink. Eddie is the best bartender. Period.
5	This is a fab locals bar! It is a cozy, everyone knows you type of place! The bartenders are awesome, espcially Rick,  he makes great drinks and is always in a great mood! The food here is also fantastic, they have several great theme nights, with homemade tasty goodness! This is one of the best places to watch the games, TV's in every direction, and specials, make sure to get the 052 App to keep you up to date on all the fun happenings. My husband I love to come here....Make sure to say hi to the owner Angela if she is there, she is a total doll ! Gamblers bonus is available here for all you gamblers.
1	Went here to watch a football game. 4 bottled beers came to 22 bucks!  Excuse me, no football drink specials, or perhaps a happy hour.  I was also playing video poker and didn't even get a comp.  Also, if you at all are allergic to mold, do not come here, the place reeks like mold!
5	The 052 is a really good bar for locals in the Anthem part of town. The owner, manager and bar tenders are very fun and active with the patrons. The gaming promotions are great there as well   Full package Sunday football
3	I'd been here years ago when it was another name/ownership.I came this time for the free meal when you play $20 coupon from Zip Code mag. I had a Cobb salad, it was just OK. The bacon was burnt and there was nothing very tasty about it, but the dressing was good. Lots of smokers (I know it's a poker bar....) just pointing that out. Older clientele and they have a Saturday gaming promo from 6-8. Decent Gamblers Bonus games.
4	Solid gaming, locals bar. Most of the clientele is older but very friendly for the most part. Bartenders are great and know how to handle gamers! Plenty of TV's and food is solid!
