4	It's cheap, it's fast, and it's pretty damn good for a meal under 10 dollars, actually, my order is usually around $5.00.They have all the favorites you'd expect in a chinese restaurant, and can make pretty much anything vegan. The tofu here is some of my favorite tofu i've had, it's a perfect blend of crunchy and soft. It's not necessarily an aesthetic place, but they deliver and have take out, problem solved.
4	So, we came home 2 days ago to find one of those irritating menus left on the doorknob, so we took it inside and left it on the floor.Yesterday, I was craving some Chinese food when, lo and behold!, what should I stumble upon? The previously discarded Chopstick Express menu. Now, I don't have terribly high expectations of Chinese food outside of New York, but we were pleasantly surprised by both the price and flavor of our meal.Jamie was coming home for lunch, so I ordered delivery--the shrimp in lobster sauce Lunch combo for me, the mongolian beef Lunch combo for him, then an order of potstickers and a quart of honey-dipped chicken.Wow. I've been searching EVERYWHERE for boneless honey chicken, and this did not disappoint--it was slathered in this sweet sauce, yet still crispy! the Lunch combos come with fried rice, a cream cheese wonton, and a spring roll--all steaming hot and very flavorful. my shrimp in lobster sauce was delicious, but nothing special; it tasted pretty much just like it had at the last place, and the place before that. the mongolian beef, on the other hand, was phenomenal! tangy, crispy, maybe a little too salty, but still incredible...it almost tasted  like it had been cooked in teriyaki sauce.another plus--we were worried that Jamie would have to bring a frozen pizza back to work with him for lunch, since they said the food would arrive at about 12:45(when he leaves for work again)...but they showed up at 12:25! so..yay :)
4	YUM YUM YUMI have been dining at C.E. for several years now and have always gotten the DELICIOUS honey tofu (ask for it extra crispy). We used to go in here 2-3 times a month but have not been as much recently because me and the man are on diets. Too much deep fried tofu :)This is a family run place and the daughter can normally be found up front, and the son makes the deliveries. They are super nice!Really good lunch specials, and I have been with a few non-veggies before who have gotten some other items.This is not a high class place... more like a take out Chinese place with some tables to eat. They do have some cool track lighting, but like I said, you are not dining in luxury.The only reason I do not give it five stars is because they have Pepsi products (I'm a dc girl) and you have to walk around back to use the restroom and it is not the... nicest... bathroom in the world.REALLY GOOD FOOD!
3	I grew up around the corner from this place and use to go all the time. I love it. its a typical Americanized Chinese food but very good for the type of Chinese is it. I love the House Chow Mien. The owners are really nice and they deliver also which makes it nice. I like the fried rice and the egg drop soup also. I would recommend it if you are close by. This place doesn't blow my skirt up or anything but still yummy.
4	This place is perfect for classic Chinese take out.Tons of vegetarian/vegan options, all made fast and fresh. The tofu has the perfect texture and the sauces are great. I suggest the honey tofu or the vegetable chow mein.Defintiely get it to go, the place is pretty small and I'd imagine eating inside would just be plain awkward.
5	I lived up the street from this place for almost a year and could NEVER get enough of that crispy honey tofu! MMMMMM! Too bad I live in LA now, I can't find a sauce as great as that!
4	Went here for the second time today. The food probably only rates a three, but the service definitely bumps it up a notch! They are so nice!! Today got the orange chicken lunch special ($5.25). Orange chicken, fried rice, cream cheese puff and egg roll. The orange chicken was a bit spicy for my taste, but good. I don't think I'll get the fried rice again, not much a fan of that. Also got an order of pot stickers ($4.95) that were tasty! Love love love the cream cheese puffs! Next time I'll ask for more sweet & sour. Not nearly enough for the stuff I got.
1	I'm full and disappointed. I ordered shrimp egg foo young and crispy orange tofu. The egg foo young was burnt and even the sauce didn't saturate all of the burnt crispy edges. It was burnt, not over cooked but burnt enough to have that distinct burnt flavor. Fried shrimp were served on top, the condensation from the styrofoam container render the batter into a soft mush. I expected the shrimp to be mixed into the egg foo young cakes. The orange tofu on first bite was promising, but the the sweet sauce was just that sweet. It was not hot or spicy as the menu indicated. Considering the reviews I read prior to ordering I was really looking forward to this meal. Perhaps my experience is a fluke, still I'm not willing to spend my hard earned pennies on a second chance.  There's wasn't anything promising about the meal.
4	Read the reviews on here before calling & I wasn't disappointed. The crispy honey tofu was yummy!  Lots of vegetarian options too, which is always a plus.  Hunnie & I were both very pleased with the combo meals. The delivery man was really nice too. We'll definitely be ordering from them again.
5	As far as cheap chinese food goes, this place does it right!  Ken and Karen are always friendly and serve up satisfying food in a flash.  I really like the teryaki or house chicken, although the mongolian beef is a close third.  Favorite menu item: the curry beef roll.  Best thing about Chopstick: the prices.  5$ lunch combos make this my number one lunch destination!
4	I had no idea this place was nearby for the longest time, but I'm so glad I found it. The food is filling without being overly-breaded, and I don't feel like a lump of coal afterwards. Staff is very nice, too.
2	I am not even sure what I ate, or if I really want to remember.  All I know it is below average just like the rest of the many greasy subpar Chinese places around here.The worst is this: THEY USE STYROFOAM FOR EVERYTHING. Makes me sick to my stomach. I am tempted to give them 1 star for this reason.Heck, they might as well go out and club baby seals while they are at it with all that styrofoam.
4	Found this place from one of the menus they left on my apartment door. I'm usually skeptical of places that do that but I was feeling sick and really wanted some wonton soup so my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. I got there and decided to order a small chicken chow mein as well. It also came with white rice which was nice since many places charge extra for rice. The chow mein was awesome, not overly greasy or salty, and the chicken in it was really good quality. The biggest problem I have with many Chinese restaurants is poor-quality fatty chicken (and other meats) but this was delicious white meat. The wonton soup was also great, not too salty like some places, and the wontons were delicious as was the pork inside of them. Overall, if I'm looking for some relatively inexpensive Chinese food, I would definitely go back.
5	so good! awesome vegan/vegetarian options and they are super friendly.
4	Currently scarfing this for lunch, and I couldn't be happier. They offer an extensive tofu selection, and it's not just bland tofu with veggies.I almost always get it delivered - yes, the Gods have smiled upon us.I'm eating the orange tofu with white rice. And it's pretty good. I got the combo, mainly because they don't offer the tofu with the lunch specials, but for those who eat meat, you can get a huge portion of food for $5. Yes, this is a true statement.As far as the actual location, it's reminicent of any other New York chinese food place, and that's why Chopsticks holds a special place in my heart. You can really never go wrong.Service is nice, and the delivery people are always so nice.  Amen, Chopsticks.P.s. They're located right next door to an excellent dive bar. Stop by Chopsticks for dinner, and then drinks to the bar. Make a night of it. Invite me, though.P.p.s.  The fortune cookies are pretty tasty. This time my fortune was, "A sense of humor is one of your greatest assets." I  dig it.
1	This was god awful. The chicken was fat with some skin and flavorless sauce. Somehow, they messed up the rice too. "How is pork-fried rice ever dry?" said the boyfriend. It's making me want to vomit just thinking about how to describe the food. The crab puffs were decent. But, really, don't. Get Thai.No idea how this has such good reviews.
1	We ordered from Chopstick Express and had it delivered to us.  Both the chicken with broccoli and the house egg foo young combos came with heaping portions.The rice was dry.  The chicken with broccoli was bland and way too creamy.I don't think you should have stomach pains after eating a meal, and since my hubby and I both had stomach pains after eating their food, we won't be eating their food again.
2	I REALLY wanted chinese food last night but I didn't want to drive anywhere, so I reluctantly ordered off of this brochure that had been sitting on my fridge for months. There's a $12 minimum for delivery, so I got the orange chicken combo and some potstickers. The lady on the phone was nice and she said it'd be about 55 minutes. 45 minutes later my food arrives, I split it in half, and dive in. I would definitely rank this below Panda Express, and the leftovers were a bit better imho. Won't be ordering from here again.
1	$30 bucks I'll never get back!! Worst "Chinese" food EVER!! By the way, nothing is Chinese about it. They delivered late, and he just snatched and ran kinda thing. I don't even think any Chinese people work there. The fried rice wasn't real fried rice. It just a bad mix poured into white rice. (by the way, they didn't mix it right so my "fried" rice had chunks of white rice in it) The sesame chicken didn't even taste like sesame chicken!! More like chicken strips with sesame sprinkled on top, it was super greasy and the skin was falling off!  We got shrimp chow mein, which had only 5 pieces of boiled shrimp. Noodles, no flavor. Got the Cashew Shrimp which was more vegetable than shrimp..again maybe 5 pieces. The egg rolls are tiny, hard, and gross. Everything was just NO!!! Sorry, I will NOT buy from them again.
4	a great place to stop by for lunch. their lunch menu is ideally priced; $5 for a combo meal? beat that!Their crispy honey tofu is so friggen good, i am not sure what the sauce that coats it is made of, and im not sure i want to know really- they could tell me it was made of msg and the blood of sweet innocent virginal lambs and i wouldnt bat an eye, it's that good.I love this place, but i dont think it delivers, and if so def. not outside of it's general vicinity, which is a bit of a problem, 'cause i always forget where the eff this place is. I drive around for like an hour until i realize it's on guadalupe, and if your eyes aren't peeled it's very easy to miss.my favorite spot for quick, cheap, and tasty chinese takeout.
5	Rather quick delivery and a cubic buttload of food for their $20 family meal.. Their Chicken Chow mein doesn't have those small itty bitty cubes of chicken most places use, they're huge chunks about the size of McNuggets.. And their Orange Chicken is friggin delishilous.. =9
4	I like!  They have a good selection for us vegitarians, however the consistancy in the sauces is not head on.  They deliver on time and are very courteous.
4	Ideally I would give Chopstick Express 3 1/2 stars. The food is great if you're expecting typical Chinese food take-out. We usually order the eggrolls (a little bland but the texture is great), pot stickers (I'm a fan), a soft chow mein dish (typically yummy, not bad, but not out of this world) and a chicken dish (General Tso or Kung Pao - both of which are satisfactory). There isn't much to say other than it's absolutely average and sometimes that's just fine. Delivery times vary, I usually receive my order 35-40 minutes after ordering, only once did it take about 55 minutes in the evening.My only complaint is that I feel it's on the pricey side. I always try to wait until they've delivered a menu to my door with a 15% off coupon, otherwise I don't find it to be a great value.Overall, good enough and convenient for those nights you want to stay in and curl up on the couch with a horror film.
5	Yum!  I have been here a few times for take-out and have been happy with my meal every time.  So far, I have tried the Thai Tofu, the Spicy Tofu and the Honey Tofu.  This is my new favorite Chinese take-out joint.
4	Sometimes you just feel like some old school Chinese food in little to go boxes. When I do I hit up chopstick express. The food is good is unassuming, services is quick and friendly, and the prices are fair. I have eaten here several times over the years when I'm not doing the pei wei or panda thing and it's always met expectations. Just the other day I placed an order for a cup of hot and sour, Kung pao and some wantons. It was ready to go and after a coupon(they were nice enough to take a 3 day expired one) it totaled about 12-15 with tip  the exact number escapes me.The Kung pao lacked some of the heat i was looking for but with some spicy mustard that was mostly resolved. The wontons were really good and i had to try not to eat them all at once. I was also surprised how much hot and sour soup you got in a small order (enough for two decent portions).Once again if you want decent Chinese with friendlyy service and a good price this is the way to go,
5	This is my favorite fast food. I'm not sure if they consider themselves "fast food" but it's certainly not sit down. Honey tofu. Extra crispy. Large.
4	As a full-time worker, a bachelor, and a vegan Chopstick Express is a a great quick fix for me on busy weeknights. The prices are fair and while their tofu dishes may not be the healthiest thing in the world, they sure are tasty!The orange tofu is a favorite, but I'll go for the general tso is probably my favorite. They'll even make sweet and sour tofu (not on the menu) if you just ask them.Also, the egg(less) rolls are allegedly vegan, so dig in! Final vegan note, the woman on the phone told me that she thought there was egg in the chow mein noodles, but if you're vegan you know how flaky people can be about whats in what so I'll definitely have to ask again some time.Edit: Worst. Fortune. Cookies. EVER! My cookie told me the equivalent to "water is wet". Edit 2: Baby corn is gross! Don't get in near me!Edit 3: And I wanna wrap my own moo-shu :-(
1	Horrifying!I tried Chopstick express because they deliver to my apartment. I was going between it and another place--what a mistake.I ordered Sweet and Sour chicken and moo shu veggies. Everything smelled great when I got it but I was keenly dissapointed just by opening up the boxes.My moo shu pancakes? Tortillas. I'm not kidding, actual tortillas. Not rice paper, or won ton wrappers. Tortillas. And as I opened up the box with the actual veggies in it, it compleatly broke and smashed all over my carpet.Moving on. The quality of the chicken was the worst. My first bite was filled with fat and the veggies wern't even cooked. (Huge pieces of raw pepper and onion). Absolutly horrible, I will never, ever order from here again. It was a waste of 23 bucks!
5	I fell in love with Chopstick's about a year ago! The food is awesome, and the staff is wonderful too! They are very friendly, clean and well priced. Plus they don't use MSG and they have an entire vegetarian menu, including tofu options, awesome!
2	Thought we'd give it a try but kind of regretting it now... The orange chicken was really dry, the broccoli and beef didn't taste very good, the fried rice tasted as if it was drenched in soy sauce... Will not do again.
2	Yuk! Edible, but not good at all. We were in the mood for fake Chinese tonight and had a flier from this place. We ordered quite a bit, and no one really liked anything. Egg Foo Young--overwhelmingly garlicky. Crispy Noodles with Chicken--the same style of noodles that you get out of a can. You get the idea. The second star is due to the fast service. We had been considering ordering carry-out from Mandalay Noodle World, which we tried a few days ago and liked a lot. But, not finding a menu online, we went with this place. Big, $45, mistake.
1	It is very hard for me to rate place, compared to similar carry out Asian food in Arizona. This place would be the best just because of the orange tofu. But one item cannot really do the trick. Server is usually slow, or non existent for some periods of time. I recall coming here several times a week, due to convenience to my work place. I would standing there 15 mins waiting, for the rude ASU football line back to ask me " what do you want" in the rudest tone. Not the tone you would expect after waiting a long time for service, but I was always hungry, and just wanted to get in and out. I always would order on the phone, the same thing. But sometimes I would get different containers. A large would be a med, and med would be a small. Some days I had left overs, others I was still pretty hungry. Besides the orange tofu, there is not much on the menu that is good. I have tried others, but have yet to like anything else. And to be honest, 8 bucks for fried tofu with a cheap orange sauce is not a great value. Compared to other US cities, this place ranks very low in my book. Overpriced tofu, and crummy customer service. I just hate places that make me want to leave the second I walk in.
2	My boyfriend and I ordered last night around 7:15, probably the peak of dinner time. Our food arrived quickly and smelled delicious. So you can imagine our disappointment. I got the Cashew Chicken combo, which came with fried rice, an eggroll, and a crab puff, and the serving was HUGE. I dished up a portion of it, combing through the cashew chicken for the chicken. The chunks were sparse, to say the least. But, okay, I like water chestnuts and peas as much as the next girl. Moving on to the fried rice: I have never tasted anything so bland. It was like putting textured air into my mouth. I looked at my boyfriend, who was eating Sweet and Sour Pork and white rice. "Eating" probably isn't the right word; it was more like poking and prodding with a sad look on his face. We agreed it was a sad meal. I turned my attention back to my own plate. Maybe the crab puff would be good? Nope. I bit through the hard, not flaky pastry and into a cream sauce that just kind of sat there, not tasting like anything. The last attempt to find something edible was the egg roll. It was passable, but after all that, my taste buds were no longer in the mood. I tossed what was left on my plate (which was most of it) and put the rest that was still in the box into the fridge, in the hopes that the leftovers will be a little better. That can happen, right? The worst part is that I would rather give my money to independent businesses instead of chains, but Chopstick Express is not worth it. I would rather get my Chinese fix from Panda Express, because it's not depressing. My boyfriend saved the takeout menu that was left on the front door "just in case" he said. I cannot imagine what kind of case would arise where we would put ourselves through that ever again. If I am going to indulge in Chinese, the calories had better be worth it. You're not going to get that Chopstick Express.
2	The Sweet and Sour Chicken is hit and miss. One week the chicken will be good the next week dry and tough like it had been sitting out for hours or leftovers from the day before. There have been a few times when I ended up getting a stomach ache from eating here. When its good it's tasty but when it's bad it's terrible.
1	Absolutely horrid!! We ordered here because of a flier on our door and they deliver. The main dishes were ok, it's hard to mess up sweet and sour and teriyaki. The fried rice was the worst I've ever had, I can't believe they even choose to send this out. The crab puffs were hard and soggy at the same time and the filling was just Philadelphia cream cheese alone. The eggs rolls had a tolerable texture but were almost bitter in taste. After waiting for over an hour for delivery this meal was terribly disappointing! We will never order here again!!
5	I have been ordering food from Chopstick Express every week since I first tried it out.  The food is not oily or bland, but as good as I get when I go out to a nice restaurant.  I usually get the food delivered to my house, but once in a while I eat at the restaurant.  There are not too many tables since the square footage won't allow for it, but the food doesn't take long to get to the table.  The facility is clean and the staff friendly.  I am so happy that I found this place.  I love their beef chow mein and their honey dipped chicken.  Think I will order some of their food right now!
5	Tried this place out on a friends recommendation, and all I can say is WOW!  The food is amazing! (I'm still eating as I write this!)  Everything is perfectly seasoned, fresh, and cooked to the peak of flavor.  I ordered the Orange Chicken, Beef Fried Rice, Mongolian Tofu, Crab Puffs, and Spring Rolls.  I am in Love and will never settle.  The delivery time was great, and the driver was really nice.  Will definitely be ordering from them again.  My Belly is happy!The only draw back was that I had to guess at the menu, as they have no website, or Facebook where I can look over and choose my dinner items. My friend told me they have anything a normal Chinese Restaurant would have.  So I winged it, and am still happy.
2	I really wanted this place to be amazing because it's in my neighborhood & I enjoy supporting local biz whenever possible, but it was just ok.  The honey tofu, which I was super excited about after reading other reviews, was somewhat soggy even though I ordered "extra crispy." The fried rice was a decent texture but didn't have any veggies in it.  Probably won't be back, bummer.
1	Confession: I am an obnoxious asian food snob. I really try to take that into consideration when I rate places. I haven't lived in China or anything, but I really, really love eating chinese food. I also hope to convey to you that I am still American at heart. I hate Panda Express, but I truly, truly worship an excellently prepared orange chicken. Be that as it may, there are instances in which I have to suspend my courtesy toward less-than-perfect food because the product that I received was not only poor quality, but insulting relative to the price I paid. This is the experienced I received ordering from Chopstick express.I ordered Chopstick Express' family special for me, my roommates and an incredibly hungry foodie friend of mine whom happened to be over. Upon reaching an orderer, it was refreshing, though annoying, to be talking to what seemed to be an obnoxious teenager being forced to take orders. Whatever, water off a duck's back. Quack quack. We ordered orange chicken, cashew chicken, and brocoli beef, which came with fried rice and egg rolls. It was supposed to come with crab puffs, but they were not delivered, which I felt was almost an insult.All the food we received was lukewarm at best, cold at worst. It's chinese food. It can hold at nuclear temperatures, and I don't think it snobbish of me to assume that delivery people can afford to invest in a proper traveling method. I must admit, my major problem with this is the fact that it took nearly an hour for the delivery person to get here. Which means assuming that the food left fresh, it spend a half-hour uninsulated. I don't believe I'll get sick from this food, but considering that being served very hot food is clearly the industry standard, it still seems sketch at best, and disgusting at worst.I digress. At any rate,  the food was as follows:Orange Chicken: The pieces of orange chicken were about the size of medium-sized chicken tenders. They were then covered in a weak breading, fried unevenly, and covered in a tolerable orange sauce which was the only saving grace of the dish. It came deeply compacted in a chinese take-out paper box, which was problematic for this dish because the chicken essentially came out in giant clumps. Brocoli beef: Easily the best dish, but only by reason of advantage. The brocoli was tender, though strangely bitter. The beef they chose to use was akin to stew beef, which is the really thick, fatty cut used in crock pots for stews because they have the capacity to cook for ever and ever amen. This resulted in incredibly large, chewy chunks. I gotta admit, Panda owns brocoli beef, and chopstick express could take a few pointers. The sauce was decent enough, yet ultimately forgettable.Cashew chicken: offensive. bland, strange. The sauce seemed to be more like cream of chicken than the savory, peppery sauce to which I am accustomed. I ate maybe two cashews in my share, which is boring. Interesting to note was the presence of noodles in the dish, despite the fact that we were also given rice. And peas. Peas? White rice: Nearly impossible to mess up, and only when exceptional is worthy of meditation. Average rice, though served essentially at room temperature, which dried the rice out.Fried rice: Shocking. In case you read my review, Chopstick Express, please take note: your fried rice sealed my distrust of your food safety practices. Fried rice is cooked fast and hot, but because of the quickness of the cooking, never dries out. This looked burnt. Literally burnt. Or seasoned with something both bland and dark as all holy hell. Fried rice should not appear to be dried out, burnt, and dark as chocolate. Egg rolls: I don't trust these. They were almost cold to the touch.Crab Puffs: not present in my order. THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE. D:Summary: Steer clear away from this place at all costs. The advantage of living so close to Mekong Plaza means not being terribly far away from decent chinese and vietnamese food, and I feel like I have disappointed my tongue by attempting to branch out. If these strange in congruencies aren't addressed by the management of Chopstick Express, I worry that, like what happened with me, they will lose crucial local business and be forced to close. I don't know, maybe it was an off-day. But in my opinion, if something takes an hour to get to my place when the drive is 10 minutes tops, it better sparkle and wow. Chopstick Express, in its disparaging food, disturbing distance from food safety and respectability, and excessive delivery time means that I will never eat from them again.
4	I ordered takeout, so I won't be commenting on the actual restaurant as I've never been. Our order arrived surprisingly fast as this really isn't a city set up for speedy delivery. The food was great for the price. I wasn't expecting haute cuisine like other Asian food snobs. I can tell by how a menu looks and what the prices are whether I'll be getting delicious greasy 90's style Chinese takeout or not. I tried the orange chicken, hunan beef, and cashew chicken. I also had some appetizers. Everything was good. The portions were huge and we had another meal the next night with leftovers. Order the family combo. It's worth a try and it's only $22. I'll definitely order from here again.
3	This place is a bit of a dive and I would not recommend eating here but they do offer speedy and cheap takeout.  They serve up what you would call American style Chinese food.  None of their dishes really stand out to me as being especially good except I do like their Lo Mein noodles.  I know some of the other reviewers called them greasy and I suppose that is true but I guess that is just the way I like it.  Especially cold the next morning... mmm... that's good hangover food.  Yes?  Anybody?  I can't be the only one that does that...
3	I've had 3 experiences with Chopstick Express.  First Experience: Absolutely terrible.  My roommate and I were already starving, but decided some orange chicken was worth the wait.  Our food was an hour late.  I called and asked, and the person on the phone seemed to have no knowledge of our order.  Truth be said, it wasn't worth the wait.The other two experiences were pretty blah.  It's 'Ok' quality chinese food, but not something to rave about, EXCEPT their crab puffs!  Those are just delicious!Take the good with the bad I suppose.
1	MY REAL STAR RATING IS 0 STARSI will make this review very quick.... I wasn't expecting this food to be bursting with flavor and just out of sight delicious.... I was expecting it to be good average Chinese food..... I was totally wrong..... I called in my order for delivery and I ordered sweet and sour chicken and the Hunan beef with an extra egg roll and it came with crab puffs.... Lets first start off with the sweet and sour chicken..... It was drenched in sweet and sour sauce and the sauce was way too sweet....it had huge chunks of pineapples in it.... it was soggy and disgusting..... I prefer to have my sweet and sour sauce on the side.... The Hunan beef was nasty it was dry and cold and it wasn't spicy at all.... The veggies were Blah.... The crab puffs were soggy and the egg rolls.... They weren't even egg rolls they were more like spring rolls but they still sucked..... They were horrible...!!!!! The worst egg rolls I ever ate in my life.... I would prefer Panda Express any day over this place.... The rice was dry and disgusting....This food made me sick.... After eating just a couple bites a few minutes later .... My body immediately rejected it and it upset my stomach really badly.... I ended up releasing the food immediately through a bowel movement.... My body has never reacted like that before.... It felt like I had rocks in my tummy.... I felt weak and nausea and I believe I had a very short case of food poisoning..... Thank God I only ate a few bites...  or I probably would have been sick for a couple days.... My suggestion is that they need to be closed down.... THEIR FOOD IS HORRIFIC....!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE IF YOU WANT TO LIVE....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This is my second order, and by accident. I ordered from them months ago and swore never again. But it just so happened that I get so many flyers on my door that this one slipped through. First things first. I ordered pork and veg. And chicken and veg for myself as I only eat chicken fish and turkey. Reason I say that is because I received chicken and veg, with shrimp and veg. Guess who's deathly allergic to shrimp.The food was bland, dry and Luke warm. The fried rice is the worst I ever tasted. Salty, and dry. And not even that nice Brown nutty color of fried rice, I almost thought it was spoiled food. The lady on the phone said she heard me say I wanted shrimp, that's a lie I'm not suicidal and don't have an eppi pen. Why would I order shrimp lady.Also she was giggling when I asked her if she got a lot of complaints. I didn't check yelp before I placed my order, if I had this would all have been avoided.She offered to refund my money forty min ago. If she does I will post it later, if she doesn't I will go postal. I only wish I paid with a credit card so I could dispute this, and not worry about a refund. ItIf you're thinking about placing  an order, don't waste your money. It would be better spent on burritos out of the freezer at the local Circle K.Never again Chopsticks ???? Express?Ok they delivered my refund. But not before I received my two subs from Jimmy Johns. Express...lol what a joke
4	There are some harsh reviews out there. I did not think this place was that bad at all.I went in to order,I was getting it to go. It is not a bad place inside, very simple and also clean. The girl who took my order was very pleasant.I ordered the kung Poa chicken to go with steamed rice. It came with an egg roll and a crab puff. A pretty good deal I think.The food was good, nice and hot as well. It was supposed to be spicy. But, was not really too much. Next time I will just tell them I would like it a bit spicer. Lots of parking in the lot.
5	I love this place and order from them regularly. They have never messed up my order and their food is always hot and delicious upon arrival. They give you tons of food for your money too. A combo will feed me twice. I really recommend this place to everyone. The people who work there are super nice too. They offer me water while I wait for my food. And they are always very fast at preparing my food too. Really this is one of my favorite places to go and I always have a positive experience whether I walk in or order by phone. (Must try for vegetarians too!! Try substituting the crab puff for an extra egg roll when ordering a combo. Such good stuff!)
1	the best cat food in tempe!   i wish they would respect our privacy and right to not have them solicit our complex with taping ther adverts throughout our complex against our rules....
1	it wasn't at all good or even remotely satisfying. Even the Chinese place i go to while im baked is better. the im a poor college student and i look like it for christ sake my apartment is in like down town tempe, and i gave him a twenty and a five and i asked for the change except for the three dollar tip (because it took them an hour for the food to get there) and i had to tell the guy how much that would be and then when he notice that the tip was three dollars he gave me this weird look, like I had wronged him. christ, him and I had a tug-of-war for the remainder of the money i gave him. on top of that it was over priced. i bought two large rices and 2 spring rolls and cost like 17 dollars. the food was bad too. as late night i mean baked the fuck out of your head.
3	First of all, when you walk in the place is a underwhelming. It's not dirty, just they haven't done much with the building yet it seems. And it's very small. I don't ever order soda from the soda fountain however, because that thing looks 20 years old. The service is not bad. Our biggest problem with CE so far has been that they charge $2 extra if you want chow mien instead of their flavorless fried rice. But it seems like that's how it is all over AZ which is very messed up. Anyway, the reason I keep coming back to this place is purely for their Mu Shu Vegetables. It's mouthwatering delicious. When you get your combo, it comes with the aforementioned flavorless fried rice (And that's all it is, rice. No veggies or meat in it), crab puffs which are pretty good, a spring roll which is not good at all, and two HUGE things that look like burritos filled with the mush shu veggies. The side if plum sauce could be a lot bigger. I used the whole dinky container on one mu shu. But I was afraid to ask for more because I figured they would charge me extra for that too. If that mu shu wasn't so good I probably would not come here anymore.
5	This is my favorite fast food Chinese restaurant in town.  I have been going there since late 1999 and have never been disappointed in anything that I have eaten.  I have drove from all areas of the city to din here when I crave Chinese.  Always a warm welcome and an ample supple cuisine.
1	We've ordered a few times from this place because we got menus with coupons on our door.  The Family Meal coupon is a good one, but we no longer receive the menus on our door, so we called to see if they would honor an expired coupon and were told "don't worry, I can take care of you" on the phone, so we placed our order.  The coupon is for $22 and change, so we were surprised when we were told our order was $30 before we hung up.  We decided to show the delivery guy the coupon and explain what the guy on the phone said, but he wouldn't honor the coupon.  So, we called and were told that the guy on the phone didn't write the coupon down so the discount didn't get applied and, furthermore, that he never said they would take an expired coupon.  I call BS!!  I HEARD my husband on the phone and our order was contingent on them taking the coupon, which I informed them, but again the discount was refused.  These are some very shady business practices and their food is not outstanding, so they just lost our business over $7 and their crappy customer service.  How is the food?  Mediocre.  The husband said he's had better at Panda Express (ouch!) and his plate of Cashew Chicken has 2 cashews and is very onion and green pepper-centric.  Thankfully, Tempe has an abundance of Chinese food outlets; goodbye!
1	Crappiest Chinese food ever. You call that fried rice?!?
1	I got a flyer on my door so I thought I'd give them a try.I was really surprised when I called and the girl who answered spoke fluent English which is a plus. She was a little rude but I dealt with it. I placed my order and waited for the delivery... and waited... and waited... almost 2 hours later it was delivered. The price that I was told on the phone was less then what the delivery driver tried to collect from me. Aside from the rude order taker, the price difference, and the delivery time the food sucked! The sweet and sour pork was soggy, the rice was hard, and the beef was like leather. The best thing and only good thing about this place was the egg rolls... they were better then most places.
4	4 stars for the family meal, if you get it on a good night (3 large entree, 1 lrg fried rice, 1 lrg white rice, 4 egg roll, 4 crab puff $24.00) .We've eaten here maybe 10 times, the last visit was last month. That order was the best one yet, I actually think I got the owner's order or CE saw their Yelp reviews and fixed the problems.Anyway... I think I got the owner's order because the broccoli beef was mostly beef and only 3 broccoli, usually it's the other way around. I'm a huge broccoli fan so I never complained, but was in total shock when I opened the paper box.The fried rice had egg in it..... what???? I've been here how many times and this is the first time egg ever slipped into the fried rice haha. Lastly, they are coupon nazi's, they don't care if you are GOD himself, if you don't have the coupon you ain't getting the deal.
2	This place sucked. Ordered the family meal for delivery. Got the orange chicken, Hunan beef, and chicken chow mien. The orange chicken was the worst I've ever had. Not crispy or breaded. Just soggy. Really, all of it sucked except the rice. But I ate it. Egg rolls were okay and the crab puffs were great but tiny. I won't order again. I only did because there was a flyer on our door. Great price for the meal tho.
5	I started going here about two years ago and they have never let me down. Granted it's not gourmet Chinese food it is a great meal for a low price. The workers are all very friendly and give you that nice home like feeling from the minute you walk in. There is tons of variety too! The tofu is greAt and so is the lemon chicken. There is also so much more, if you are looking for a good quick meal for low price then this is where to go!
1	Disgusting!!! There is too much breading on their "crispy" teriyaki chicken. And I think the chicken is on steroids because there's no way it can be this big. I can feel stomach cramps arising. Ugh
4	Love this place.  Decently priced, fast service, and they deliver.  Their honey dipped chicken is ridiculously good.
4	The orange chicken lunch rice bowl was very delicious and so were the egg rolls. I will defiantly be coming back.
5	Good food and great prices!The food was good and it sure hit the spot. The shrimp chow Mein was my favorite
5	This is my favorite spot in Tempe. I usually order for delivery, but I have dined in a couple times.  The place is family run so the employees actually care. Delivery is consistent 30-40 min.  Drivers are nice. Food is great.  I am picky with my Chinese food and this place meets my standards.  The vegetables are always hot yet crisp so I know they use fresh vegetables. Unlike other places where the vegetables are soggy. Spice can be altered on every dish on a scale from 1 to 10. I usually order the level 4 spice, which is really spicy for me, but oh so good. Basically, best Chinese place in Tempe!
4	My boyfriend tells me not to waste money ordering Asian food around here because nothing he had in the past was any good. He was mistaken. We got a flyer on our door from Chopstick Express so I rolled the dice and I'm so glad I did. Called for delivery, the man who took my order was exceptionally friendly and had great suggestions. My order was estimated to take 45 to 55 minutes but was here in 30, the driver was polite and professional. I ordered the crab puffs, a curry beef roll, and a small General Tso's chicken. The crab puffs are a MUST, they taste similar to crab rangoon I've had at other places, crab flavor with the perfect hint of onion... YUM! The curry beef roll was pretty good too! I didn't really taste the curry part of it but it was good none the less! Now to the main course. The General Tso's chicken was absolutely fabulous. Cooked just right, still juicy on the inside, and the sauce has such a great flavor. The small was enough for a meal and a snack or small meal for later. Very happy with the service and the food, I will definitely order from them again!
3	Crab puffs are good and sweet. The Garlic Shrimp was tasty and not salty. The General's Chicken was interesting. I think it could have  been prepared on the sweeter side. The Honey Chicken was a bit salty.Staff is friendly and food was ready in a jiffy.
1	Eggfoo young was " deconstructed" it was a deep fried patty of batter with shrimp and overcooked beef and chicken. General tsaos was soggy and tasted like bagged chicken tenders from the grocery store, I'm almost positive they were. Even the fortune cookie was stale...
5	Where else can you find perfectly crisp tofu doused the Chinese sauce of your choice? This place rocks for veggie lovers! Food is delivered fast and hot on arrival.After 4 years being stuck outside their delivery zone I am exited to be back in, and so is my husband because he doesn't have to go pick it up anymore.
4	Pretty decent Chinese food. I've been looking for a good Chinese restaurant ever since I moved here in 2008. Happy to find these place. Portions and meals are huge. Tried the beef chow mein and my friends had the veggie chow mein and chicken and vegetables. Would definitely recommend the vegetable chow mein.
5	I give it 5 stars Bc the good is really good, I'm sure there is better out there but the flavors are fun and unique. They are fast and convenient, friendly and accommodating. They give u huge portions, it's always warm and hearty. The pricing is extremely reasonable and don't skimp on sauces or sides. They always pay attention to my instructions when I order on grub hub too! Love this place when I want to have a filling late night dinner. Delivery times never exceed 30-40 minutes.
5	My go to place for take out. Love it! I get the orange chicken and crab puffs usually and never been disappointed..
5	Great place! Our favorite item by far is the crispy Thai tofu (and I'm not a vegetarian). The sauce is awesome and the tofu is firm and crispy. They're like mini French toasts.
1	My husband and I ordered delivery from Chopstick Express and although we didn't have super high expectations, it still disappointed us. The delivery time was decent (about 30-45 minutes), and prices were pretty good (about $20 total for both meals), but we still felt it was a waste of money.I ordered sweet and sour chicken, and he ordered crunchy chicken teriyaki. Both came with fried rice, an eggroll and a crab puff. We didn't really like any of it. Overall, the ingredients seemed to be of really pool quality. The rice seemed old, and my husband's chicken teriyaki was so disgusting (very mushy and syrupy) we threw the entire dish away. My sweet and sour chicken was the best thing we ordered (because it was actually edible), and it still was among the worst sweet and sour chicken I've had.Not recommended. We won't be back.
2	This place wasn't very good.  We ordered about 50 bucks worth of food.  I always look forward to having chinese leftover but not this time.  We ate some because we were hungry but ended up throwing away more than half of it. Hot and sour soup tasted off. All meat (beef in fried rice, chicken in lo mein, pork in sweet and sour pork) were extremely dry and not seasoned. Crab rangoon was ok. Eggroll didn't taste good.  Took one bite and tossed the rest.  House fried rice tasted underseasoned. Bottom line,  we tossed the to-go menu along with the leftover and will not be ordering from this place again.
2	I was feeling lazy after working, and after looking through my fridge I decided to order Chinese food. I have had a menu for this place on my fridge for awhile, so I decided to call them up. They delivered my food in about and hour. The egg roll tasted like balls, and the cheese wontons were missing the cheese. I hit the Thai Chicken, and it was ok, but all in all I will never order from this place again, and I would urge you, yes you, to choose a different place tonight. #NotWorthIt.....
1	I'm so supportive of small business, it's terribly uncomfortable for me to give a poor review.  Others may have and as reflected here on Yelp do have other opinions...Anyway, wasn't really intending to stop by here, as I did review the comments here on Yelp, but was in the area and hungry, so... took good ole Kung Pao Chicken to go, counter person asked my spicy number and I said 7...Relatively huge pieces of chicken sitting on top of the container containing the entree, not mixed through the stir fry, also large pieces of bell pepper, etc.  Was spicy, but taste for me was very unpleasant, and found myself setting it aside as a food loss.  Steamed rice also had an odd taste, and I set that aside as well, and I can live on basic steamed rice...Wish I had spent the $8.59 at Albertsons across the street, and gotten the 8 piece fried chicken and potato salad :(Definitely will not re-visit.
5	Best chicken chow mein ever. Tender, flavorful not greasy.  Great egg rolls and their tofu is outstanding.  Friendly service.
3	Delivery was 20 minutes sooner than expected. Food was medicore. Nothing to write home about. Better than Big Wa
3	Good lunch Chinese food, they deliver also.  It is nice to get out of the office though for a hot meal.  :-)
