2	It was nice-but nothing on property for kids.  No pool!  My balcony off the room overlooked the US 60 - not to impressive.  Heard police activity multiple times through-out the night - due to close proximity to Fiesta Mall.  I was really shocked that this is a Hilton.  Also, the bar for the hotel is located in the middle of the lobby, which was a noisy combination.
4	I was in Phoenix for 10 nights on business recently and the Hilton Mesa was a great choice for our trip.  Centrally located, really comfortable bed, good amenities, great service, and overall a very good stay.  Pool is beautiful,  breakfast at Zuni every morning helped us start the busy days right, and be sure to order the pizza at the atrium bar. Yum!  I highly recommend the hotel and would stay here again in a minute.
3	For a hotel in Mesa, the Hilton Phoenix East has actually been an enjoyable home away from home for me. Since my house flooded two months ago, I've been living here at the Hilton and have enjoyed my stay and the amenities they provide. The pool is nice, the food isn't bad, and the numerous events and groups they have hosted since I've been here have offered an interesting mix of people to mingle with.They also accept pets which is one the main reasons I decided to stay here, and are conveniently located right off the 60 at Alma School Road across from the Fiesta Mall. I've upgraded rooms twice now, my first facing the hotel parking lot, my second facing the pool, and my current balcony suite facing out from the front of the hotel. The concierge desk and complimentary shuttle has come in handy, and I've used their laundry service on multiple occasions as well.One really enjoyable perk has been access to the Executive Lounge on the seventh floor, which provides access to a free continental breakfast in the mornings, and free appetizers and drinks in the evenings. Although this access is included with any suite room stay, it can also be purchased separately if staying in a standard room. The hotel restaurant and bar are also nice, adding to an overall satisfactory experience.
4	Was here for a corporate meeting, it was definitely meh. I would not expect to see cracks and water damage to drywall in a Hilton, especially starting at $160 a night. Cannot comment on the rooms, but the common areas were not all that nice. The bar and atrium was chill, and that is where I spent most of my time, hence the 4/5 rating. Had this area not been as nice as it was it would have been a 2.
4	We stayed here during Spring Training this year.  The price is a little high but the hotel is super nice.  We didn't have a chance to spend time at the pool but it looks very nice.  Our room was super huge and we had a view of the golf course.  The rooms were super quiet and we never heard anyone next door to us.  I loved how all the rooms overlooked the atrium.Everyone who worked at the hotel was super friendly.  The front desk clerk was helpful giving us suggestions on where to eat and calling us a cab.  We went for a drink in the bar and both the bartender and manager were talking to us.  Everyone made you feel like you were a guest in their home.
3	This place suffers from bad location and bad design.  The staff was very friendly.  The room and grounds were very clean, and the bed was comfortable.  The most important aspects were great, but the overall feel of this hotel was stark and uninviting.  There just isn't any warmth here.  They really need to hire a professional decorator to give it a complete makeover.  The rooms, the lobby and especially the pool need color, fabrics, more greenery, etc.  I'm no designer, and I'm not gay, but I know what I like and this ain't it.
2	Just came from a two day stay at this hotel, and I must say, an extreme disappointment. I've stayed at many Hilton hotels all over the world, all of which have been very enjoyable, but this one is undeserving of the Hilton brand. The hotel is extremely dated in it's decor, and although attempts seem to have been made over the years to modernize it visually, it ends up looking like a hodgepodge of styles from the 70's & 80's. The staff was always extremely friendly, especially at breakfast in the mornings, but to facilitate anything with the people at the front desk took forever as there was only one person who was ever working there. The rooms are large, although extremely dated, and the beds somewhat comfortable, although the air conditioning unit was extremely loud & blew cold air directly on the bed area when you were attempting to sleep. The bathroom had a built in vanity that looked like it was 30 years old, the stain worn off most of the cabinet, and the sink drain constantly gurgled. You always had to flush the toilet twice to remove all waste. The hair dryer wouldn't work the second day. And despite asking repeatedly for additional "regular" coffee replacements in the room, they would always deliver decaffeinated .... that in itself was maddening. The last night I needed some bottled water (the water from the faucet in the room is terrible) so visited the gift shop where they charged me $8 for two standard bottles of arrowhead water. I just looked at the cashier incredulously and said, "You've got to be kidding me." He didn't even bother to respond. Do yourself a favor ... stay somewhere else, unless of course you are used to a Motel 6.
3	This hotel certainly meets all the major requirements:Bar, Restaurant, pool, and Clean comfortable rooms.Parking is free and plentiful, the ambiance is great. I really like the Atruim Bar as far as looks and feel. I've stayed twice and liked my rooms quite a bit. Some of the service is Five star; The breakfast servers rock, the desk staff is helpful and knowledgeable. The Bar tenders kinda suck. At one point they had a team meeting for about 20 minutes, during which time a number of patrons came and left. There just doesn't seem to be a real mentality of customer service there, they also need to increase the number of people on duty during peak times. I will stay there again, because it is convenient, but not because I love the place.
2	I've stayed here a couple of times for business. Staff is approachable, not extremely helpful. Had issue with executive club staff. They would ask me for identification several times while sitting in lounge ( there was no more than 6 people in the room at any time) Could they not remember who was already checked? At least write it down. The down stairs bar was closed one evening due to an event. Brought food to lounge to have a dinner meeting with coworker. We were asked to leave because our meal was not catered by restaurant. Also charged for box storage. small fee not the issue,but the fact that I was not notified was irritating. Still waiting for response from property manager if this was Hilton policy or their location's policy.  The car service was silly. They could only take me one way. The mall is about a block away. But temperature was over 110, not worth walking back even that short distance . Internet service was poor. Staff response was, "they are working on it" ... fine but you were "working" on it 4 months ago.    Too restrictive on silly rules, Internet was poor, staff really didn't want to be there,  Good location for business travel.
3	The staff was friendly, the bed was REALLY comfortable, but our room smelled like smoke. Nothing really around within walking distance except the creepy deserted ghost mall. We stayed here for Spring Training and hit up Old Chicago, which was awesome (right across the freeway). It was easy driving distance to the parks, which was good. I hate that the breakfast isn't free, despite the small fortune you're paying for the room.
4	Great martini! Very generous appetizers and after a 7 hour drive much appreciated. Consistent quality service with value. Thanks.
2	Just got home from Mesa. And wanted to give this hotel another opportunity. Still no Internet. Staff do not even bother to fake concern. What is this?10 months with poor    Internet service.  The service at the executive lounge was better. New staff had better attitude than the grump you had in there before.  Better but still not worth the price
4	This review is only for their meeting rooms and banquet facilities.  I've never stayed in the hotel.I've attended several lunch meetings and presentations here in their ballroom area.  Their banquet staff is top notch.  All of the lunches I've had here were very good.  To test the creativity of a banquet kitchen, I often ask for the Vegetarian option to see if it's as good as their typical Chicken or Filet option.  During one meeting, I did that and they came back with a Grilled Vegetable plate that was amazing.  It sounds simple, but it blew me away....kudos to the chef and team.The ballroom area is great for business meetings and functions.  The large bar in the lobby area on the way to the ballroom is great for after meeting cocktails and networking.  Tucked away in Mesa, I was surprised to find such a quality hotel.Return Factor - 85%
4	I've had nothing but pleasant experiences at this location. The staff has always been professional and curious, and the hotel itself is perfect for a quick weekend or a long stay. The breakfast buffet rarely fails me, with a good selection and great service. The bar is a great place for a quiet drink, or to meet friends and colleagues. The food is great, if a bit pricey (it is still a hotel after all, the food is never cheap)  I've enjoyed everything from their lobster BLT to their filet mignon. One of my favorite things is that they have a happy hour where they offer snacks such as chicken wings, mini empanadas, taquitos and other tasty finger foods. The pool area is nice, and if it is your sort of thing, one can spend all day there. They even serve food and drink in the patio area.
4	This is a really nice hotel. The nicest things is that both of our dogs, that are 50 lbs. each, are able to stay with us. Plus it only cost us a one time charge of $50. The Internet is the only downside here. You have to log in daily, even if you are a Hilton Honors Gold or Diamond member. The staff are wonderful and very very helpful. I will stay here again the next time I am in Mesa.
1	When I first booked my stay at this facility I would have expected to stay at a more modern facility, instead I thought I was thrown back into the 70's. The decor is in bad bad shape.The hot tub was a cold tub and badly needed of cleaning and the safety rail almost comes off.Be careful where you park, if park by the golf course your more than likely to have a golf ball nail your car....like mine.For the money I would stay somewhere else.
3	we r staying in one of the renovated room. for the most part, decent, but nasty shower curtains with stains, & bedskirts ripped up, looks old, & water is not hot in the shower, & the curtains at the window r pretty gross. they didnt give us enough toilet pp. prob forgot to restock bc we only had like a quarter roll. but service is xcellent. they came right away with toilet pp & the xtra towels i asked for. we forgot toothbrush/paste, & they provided complimentary ones. very attentive & friendly at the breakfast buffet. frontdesk very friendly too. they guided me to the wrong breakfast area. this morning. i was supposed to go to the hilton honors one, but went to the wrong one. one attendant said she would figure it out so i dont get charged. the other didnt know what to do. hopefully they will take care of the mistake. im only giving 3 stars (prob more 3.5 stars) bc i noticed some of the older, yuckier things i mentioned in 1st paragraph. i wouldve given 5 if i didntnotice those things. its the small things that make a difference sometimes.
3	Stayed here for a week on business. Conveniently located, happy & helpful staff, nice workout room, & the restaurant on site had good food (I was surprised to find a huge organic salad on the menu). The major downfall of this hotel is it's age & need for renovation. My room had a damp smell, old dingy furniture (I would need to put a blanket on the couch before I sat on it), & gross calcium buildup on the shower head. I'm a Hilton diamond member & am overall comfortable in Hilton's but this one needs some TLC. The internet was a bit slow but this is the norm for hotels in general. It wasn't bad enough for me to leave & if I was having trouble finding other hotels I would stay here again but it won't be my first choice.
