5	My brother and I have a goal for 2010; we will be hiking every week.  Our first hike was at Estrella Mountains, since it was close to my house and it allowed dogs.  I am so out of shape, so we picked the Baseline trail 2.4miles to kick off our weekly hike.  We arrived at 8:30am.  I think the entrance fee was $5 or $6 per car.  The park staff gave us a map of the trails and the park.  We located our trail and drove directly to the starting point.  Park was easy and plenty of space.  We started our hike on a gorgeous day, a little chill, but the awesome view made it nice.  My dog, Wasabi, loved it.  Smell the plants, run on the tail, and climb on rocks.  She has a ball.  We loved the hike too.  It was quite.  We did not see anyone until we were almost finished with the hike. They have 11 different trails and some of them are shared path.  You can combine different rails to enhance your hiking experiences.
5	Went back for a 2nd hike!  Loved it!  Same trail (trying to improve time).  I took both of my dogs with me.  They loved it!  Much more people this time but not crowd.
5	It's so hard to find hikes near Phoenix that aren't packed with people. We went on one of the shorter loops and it was wonderful-- we only bumped into two groups the whole time we were gone (about 3 hours). The hikes provide a wonderful view of the city, but they also take you into more wilderness areas where you can really get into nature. The trails are nicely maintained and are clean. Two hearty chihuahuas and two people had a great time and will be going back!
5	We hiked a very nice loop. The Rainbow Valley to Dysart and back on Toothacker, about 4 miles. It's uphill at the beginning, which was good. A great view at the top and a pleasant walk back. It is so nice to have somewhere close to hike away from the crowds.
5	Went back to the same trail last weekend.  I still love this place for hikes.  It is close to home, not crowded, clean, and just a nice trail.  Brought my cousin along, and he liked the hike too.  =)
5	Loved this park! Very impressed with the views! Plan on going again!
5	This place was so nice. I took my dog here for his first hike, and it was so nice. It could be because we went during the week but we didn't run into anyone on the trail we did (rainbow trail), and the scenery and nice breeze was beautiful. Highly recommend this for anyone living out in the west valley.
3	Hikes on Estrella are EASY if you are a regular hiker. So come here for a nice walk as you won't have much elevation or challenge. Good for families who want to experience the magic of having two legs and feet. We did the Rainbow and TH trails. After you can always enjoy a good pic-nick in their ramadas.
4	Good hiking area.  You will lose GPS on back side.
4	I usually hike South Mountain for trail runs, but I came here for the Gladiator Rock n Run. Running through the mountain, it's pretty nice and easy. Nothing super hard and there seems to see a lot of flat an decline trails.If I lived close enough I would run the mountain all the time for training or for fun. I'd like to see what other trails this mountain offers.There is a lot of grass and restroom service areas on the base which is always a plus.Not sure if I had to pay for parking because of the event or if its a regular thing though.
4	I visited Estrella Mountain Regional Park for the first time on a Friday around 9 am for a short hike. When I pulled up to the booth at the entrance, I was greeted by a friendly gentleman, who took my entrance fee (they take cash and plastic), handed me a map and brochure, and told me that if I have any questions about the trails, there was a little lady in the park ranger station just ahead who knew much more about them than he did. Being my first visit, I decided to stop in and see which trails the little lady recommended. The little lady, Cat, was incredibly helpful. Since I was looking for a short hike, she recommended the Baseline Trail.  I started out on the Quail Trail, which hooked up to the Saddle Trail. The Saddle Trail, in turn, intersected with the Baseline Trail. Once at the Baseline trailhead, you may choose to go left or right. Either way, you'll arrive back where you started since the trail loops around the perimeter of the park. The weather was gorgeous, so I decided to hike the Baseline Trail twice, for a grand total of 4.17 miles (this includes the Saddle Trail and Quail Trail). Each trailhead I passed was clearly marked and the views were decent for a fairly flat trail. My favorite part about this park, however, was that (aside from Cat and the gentleman at the entrance), I didn't see anyone around!I will definitely be back in the future to try the Rainbow Trail, another hike Cat recommended the next time I'm in the mood for a longer excursion.
4	Beautiful park with ample parking, ramadas for rent and grassy areas to roam. It was very clean and well maintained. I like how secluded this park feels; once inside you don't even feel like you're in a metropolitan city anymore.  However, I do not appreciate that this place charged $6 for parking for my event. On the bright side, they did take credit and cash.
2	First off, I didn't know that they charged to PARK ($6 per vehicle or $2 per person if you walk in), normally I don't mind if I know about the charge prior to going but the person I talked to when I called mentioned nothing about it. Then when we got to the park, I told them that it was our first time there and wasn't really sure where to go, the two guys in the booth seemed only interested in getting my money first, to which I handed them my bank card, then and only then did he hand me a map and said, "Here you go." I wasn't given my card back so I asked, "Ummm, what trail would you recommend?" He just said, "If you look at the map it will tell you which trails are easy or hard." then he handed me back my card, said, "Have a good hike," and closed the window.I looked at my friend and asked her if I was exaggerating or if that was really just the rudest thing, she clarified that I wasn't over reacting. But, we were there for a hike not to argue so we left it at that and pulled forward. We weren't sure where to go at all so we just took the main road all the way to the back, still unsure of where to find which trail we just got tired of driving, pulled over and found the nearest trail. Coldwater trail, was the name, we looked it up and it was classified as 'Moderate'. We figured that was good enough, packed up our water, slathered on our sunblock and started walking...walking....walking....Nowhere in the trail did it become anywhere close to moderate. It really was just a walk in the desert. We were looking at each other wondering when the hike was suppose to begin, 2miles- nothing, 3-miles and we just turned around, completely disappointed.
5	We were very impressed with this park.  The rangers at the park HQ building were very nice and helped us choose a trail suitable for our youngest son, aged 6.  We did the Baseline trail, which had some easy up and down sections and nice views of the mountains and Saguaro cacti.  The trails  were well-maintained and the parking was really easy!  We will definitely go back.
