4	This place has been here forever. Though, it has undergone a serious facelift over the past three or four months. The food is equally good, if not slgihtly better, and there is even talk of making it a bar at night. Booze and fried wontons? Yes, please!The layout actually might lend itself successfully to a bar. You have the little takeout counter that opens up into an outdoor section that leads into another room. It hasn't happened yet, but it could be like a little Devil's Martini waiting to happen. Keep your eyes out for it!
3	I get the feeling that little ol' Chop and Wok -- with its bar area, drink menu and kitschy tropical/beach bum decor -- is gearing up to be a twentysomethings hangout at night, and that's just fine. But I'll keep going for the quieter hours and the lunch specials, when the traditional Chinese chicken and vegetable dishes are all I need. Two tips: Try the crab puffs, which have been a Chop and Wok specialty for years. And park in the back instead of trying to maneuver in and out of a space from the busy intersection of Scottsdale and Shea.
5	This place is such a hole in the wall, literally! And you'll know what I'm talking about when you get there. The first time I tried this place was a few weekends back...it was close to the Marriott and still open late after a night of drinking. Me and my girlfriend order the chow mien and teriyaki chicken. When we got back to the hotel room we started digging in...We turned to each other slowly after the first few bits said..."This is freakin Good" We went over the previous weekend again, just for sh*t's and giggles to see if it was a fluke and was once again incredible. The service is great and we got our food in a decent time. Aristocrats...stick with PF Changs and Pei Wei if you don't want your taste buds to explode.
4	We have driven past this place a bunch of times on the way to baseball games. We have noticed and always wondered what it was about. Tiny little place with a pretty "hole in the wall" look. Small parking lot and always open late. So, at 9pm on a Monday night with likely limited choices on where to go out to eat, we decided to venture in. The place has a pretty unusual setup. The chinese food part is on the right in what looks like a little take out store front. The middle is more open with tables and a raised covering, dart boards and open ends to the air. On the left, the bar in its own little enclosed area. Piped music, sounding almost live, througout. Lots of folks drinking, eating and having a good time playing darts. Loud 70s and 80s rock with a very rare hip hop song interjected. We picked up a couple menus and sat. Our server came out quickly and got our order. We chose apple pork and dan dan noodles (spicy). Our food came very quickly in take out boxes (perfect for the left overs to go home with us). The dan dan noodles were definitely spicy! SG thought them just a bit too spicy, medium would have been better if it had been an option. I personally thought they were good, but really prefer a wide noodle dish over the thin noodles. The apple pork is much like sweet and sour pork. The pork, great white chunks with no fatty bad pieces at all, breaded and deep fried. It was in a sweet sauce that had a very distinct apple flavor. It was delicious!!!  I would gladly try any of their unique dishes like the apple pork, beef or chicken again. It was a breath of fresh air to have a chinese place like this with so many choices that I had not seen before. Places all seem to have the same menu and this one sets itself apart, but in menu and setup of the restaurant. DEFINITELY venture on in and check it out. Just be aware that this is a young place and the music is pretty loud. Not exactly a family place.
5	This is my one of my favorite places in Scottsdale.The music they play is great, a good mix with anything from classic rock to punk to metal, and a good jukebox as well.  Where else can you hear David Bowie followed by Black Flag followed by Zao?As a restaurant, the Chinese food is very good.  I highly recommend the spicy lettuce wraps, which blow PF Chang's out of the water, or the Jalapeno crab puffs.  They also smoke their own short ribs there if you're into that.  The entree's are very good as well, easily on par with Chang's or any other Chinese restaurant.As a bar it's very laid-back and a great place to bring a couple of friends and drink.   PLUS, THE KITCHEN IS OPEN UNTIL 2AM!Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a different dining experience or a fun place to end the night.
4	I love a good dive and this place fits the bill.  Plus the food is good.  The Egg Drop Soup is a hit and a meal in itself.  It's loaded with healthy veggies.  Most places make boring Egg Drop Soup.  This is actually special.  The Peanut Sauce Chicken is also very tasty - especially if you like peanut butter.  Yum.  Don't take you prissy grandma to this place because it's 'edgie'.  The staff are tattooed and pierced from head to nose.  Lots of hard rock blaring from the speakers.  Bring you nose ring and your chop sticks.
4	This place sparked me to wonder... am I giving a rating based on the quality of the food/presentation, or am I giving a rating based on my opinion of how the place is, regardless of what star rating it's supposed to be.If we're talking about the first, obviously this is not a 4 or 5 star dining establishment.  I came in at 11pm for a late night Chinese dinner in Scottsdale that wasn't PF Chang's, and this was the only place I could find.  It's a dive bar that happens to have a kitchen serving Chinese food.  I ordered from the bartender, and the food came out in to-go containers with plastic forks and paper plates.  Obviously not a first date place.However, the food was really, really good.  And honestly, I love finding dive-y places that nobody but the locals know about.  When my girlfriend and I walked in, people were looking at us like who are we?  Filled with locals, I loved it.  Nobody was rude, just confused that an outsider had found their secret hideaway.Overall, four stars to balance the atmosphere, the quality of food, and the presentation.
4	Great little dive Chinese place near home - it's somewhat of a neighborhood institution;  my husband went to nearby Chaparral High School some time (cough cough nearly a quarter-century) ago, and he remembers hanging out here for lunch or after school.   We dig the eclectic, punkish decor, and as spoiled California refugees, we were also super-happy to find out that they offer home delivery.  The food's sometimes a bit greasy, but I really like the lunch special rice bowls, the apple-almond chicken and the spicy crab fried rice - and, of course, their signature crab puffs.  Rock on, Chop & Wok!
4	I went there for the first time on Tuesday.  I have been there twice more in the past 3 days.  I love this place.  But after eating there 3 times now I think I love the bar more than the food.  I think it's awesome that this killer rock bar serves Chinese food until 2am seven nights a week. Also the people that work there are "OUT OF THEIR WAY FRIENDLY".  But the food itself is about average.  I have only had 3 things on the menu so far so I will continue to plow through until I find the one dish I really love.  I will be going back because the place is so freakin cool.
4	I had driven past this place for years and was reluctant to enter, but after reading Yelp reviews and seeing the posted photo of the interior (thank you Jason A.) my interest was peaked beyond what could be ignored. I've since been twice and enjoyed it both times. I think the best way to describe this place is that it is a bar that serves Chinese food. The food comes in Chinese take out boxes with plastic forks and styrofoam plates. The bar has limited table seating (unless you're willing to sit outside) and the walls and ceiling are adorned with (among other things) glass beads, starfish, cymbals and Chinese dragons. There's a breathalyzer machine in the corner. Ordinarily, I would not pick Chinese food but after my first visit I longed to come back. Mostly for the atmosphere, but hey! Chop and Wok got me to pick a Chinese place. :) The food is not exceptional but I have never found Chinese food to be exceptional. The variety IS exceptional. More than 10 vegetarian options alone, even more if you are willing to eat shrimp! Jamie has been behind the bar both times I've been there. The very first time he made me feel right at home by asking my name, shaking my hand and introducing himself as the owner. The second time, he generously made amends for a slow kitchen without even being prompted by complaints. The vibe is super chill and is a lot of what I love about Chop and Wok! Last night, some dude started playing guitar at the bar. He had an awesome voice and offered to take requests. When you're feeling low key and hungry, this place is a great solution!
4	Thanks to Christina P for introducing me to Chop and Wok.  I would have never found my way in here otherwise, and I love it!Nice laid back bar for those of you not into the whole typical Scottsdale scene.  You can actually order your food from the bar as well.  There's a large outdoor seating area in between the bar and the restaurant which seems to really be just take-out and delivery unless you enjoy baking in the Arizona heat.  I didn't mind the styrofoam plates or take-out boxes at all since I always need a box anyway.As far as the food, most entrees run $6.50 for a small (pint) and $10 for a large (quart).  You can adjust the heat in your dishes, but even the ones that were ordered spicy were not that spicy.  The food is really good for what it is.  Keep your expectations in check.  The jalapeno puffs were excellent and a nice take on the crab puff.This will most likely be a place I end up at the end of a long day.  The bartender/owner? was friendly, and it's just a comfortable place to be.
4	I can appreciate a good dive, and I think I found a local Scottsdale fave. Ended up meeting a couple girl friends up there for a few drinks. To put it simply, the bar is a fun environment. Quite the mix of people that night we were there, which made it all the more fun. Heads up though, the parking is limited in the front, so you may have to go around the back- don't be discouraged, there's plenty of room. Also, I didn't have the opportunity to order any food but the bartender could pour a stiff drink. Cheers!
3	I'm sorry Chop & Wok, if I could have rated in half points, you would have an extra half star purely on my appreciation for the whole presentation....but at the end of the day, i'm a food guy... and the food ive decided (it took 3 tries...is a 3)So, I work close by. I'm in early at work, and in the mood for Chinese...I remember that dinky hole in the wall I passed by on a daily basis with the giant star in front and  the remotely Chinese name. I go in, and turn right...but not before noticing that on my left is a long fully stocked bar with some crazy Rock paraphanalia hanging on the walls...a few picnic tables in between the left side and the right. Greeted by a young-ish rocker guy, who introduces himself as Jamie, who I believe is also the owner. Hell of a nice guy. I take a quick look at their take out menu...which is a very impressive selection, and pretty comprehensive collection of most fast food chinese fair and then some. I get a few standards, won ton soup, and mongolian beef. Prices are very good. I take it with me....unwrap, and enjoy...The wonton soup is surprisingly dark and stuffed to the brim with veggies. This was personally a turn off, as I normally order won ton soup for the broth, dumplings and maybe some bbq pork bits....not a garden salad. Definitely edible though, so i scarf it down and move on to the mongolian beef, which i found to be good (great portions as well) if maybe a little rich...covered in what seems to be a good thick brown goop...harkening of potential hours in the lavatory come midnight, but still definitely edible. I take a longer look at the menu...and finally "get it". One of their feature dishes is called the "Wok-Star"...and the theme dawns on marble head.... I love it...The Punk Rock collides with Chinese take out thing warms itself to me...and I remember the bar and the owner and how chill the whole thing seemed.      So, why only three stars do you ask?A few weeks later, I call in a delivery for my second shot with Chop-n-wok. A Garlic Shrimp dish....and quickly get a sense of deja-vu. The very same  thick brown goop that came with the mongolian beef seemed to find its way into this dish as well....a week or so after that, I call for thirds...im in the mood for lighter (make me feel healthy) food....I decide to opt for chicken and brocolli as I know that's usually fairly light fair. Open it up and...yes you guessed it, smeared in the very same thick brown goop.Jamie told me when I had first gone in, that the Chef, though of Mexican? nationality, didnt seem it, that he had cooked in China for a length of time....I loved so much about Chop-N-Wok in regards to the style and attitude of this place...I really wish the  guy had learned more than one sauce recipe while he was over there.Ah, well...the bar still most definitely calls to me....and I hope to make it in at some time...I have a feeling that that experience will win over that next star....but unfortunately...for now...its gonna have to be about the food....and all I can say is thick brown goop.
5	I have driven from North Phoenix to come and get some of their chinese food. Heck I stopped on my way home from a business trip to get some of their chinese food. Can you tell I am a fan. Seriously the food is really good and the portions are huge. A friend of mine and myself actually stopped their on our way to a drive-in movie once and gorged ourselves while watching some "scary movie" that was out at the time. I do enjoy their food and will be back to visit them again real soon!
4	Yay, good Chinese food in Phoenix, finally!  My only complaint is they don't offer brown rice - is it really too hard to buy an extra rice cooker??Tip: always get the large size if you are getting take out, for an extra buck or two you get a lot more food, and you'll want to keep eating, cause it tastes gooooood! ;)
2	I have always wanted to go here. It looks so fun from the outside. FINALLY the time has come. The staff was extremely friendly, food was above decent and decent portions. Only two complaints in that area....No splenda, only Sweet n Low  and I asked for spicy and it wasnt even close.I would have given it 3 stars but I can't because of the following: The bathroom: It was funky but filthy. It's 1120am and the trash cans are overflowing, there are empty toilet paper rolls scattered about and it smells. It was like a dressed up gas station bathroom. The garbage can next to our table was full and was dirty. There are tons of  things hanging from the ceiling that will catch your eye. the one that caught my eye was the giant chinese food container near the entrance and not far above from where we were sitting.. while cute and fun it was also filthy. This place needs a power wash..
5	Let's see - where to start?  Dive bar - check; dirty bathrooms - check; very little parking - check; styrofoam plates - check; not gourmet chinese food - check. So why 5 stars?It's a combination of wonderful employees and owners, awesome selection of beer, good size drinks, great customers and good but not spectacular food. Yes - it is a dive bar, but it's much more than that, and has a charm all of it's own.  Part of the total effect is that you do not have the typical Scottsdale club crowd, but down to earth people that are there for some inexpensive food and good drinks.Most of entrees run $6.99 for a pint, which is served with rice in little boxes.  It is enough for one person, and I always have rice left over.  I do like my food spicy, and their spicy is not very hot.  However, they do provide red chili sauce, so you can spice it up to your heart's content.Is it "gourmet food" - no, but it is delicious.  If I had my choice, I would come here rather than PF Changs - and in fact, this has become my favorite spot in North Scottsdale for beer drinking, eating, and just hanging out.So I am giving it 5 stars, not just for it's food, but it's overall atmosphere.  For a dive bar, you can't get any better.
2	I love chinese food... I LOVE bars..... I was really excited to try this place today. First, let me compliment the staff. VERY NICE PEOPLE. GREAT SERVICE.Sadly, The food blows. Blows may be strong. Its just beyond average. This place is like Panda Express but with a cool bar.I don't think you can call this place Gourmet Chinese...
4	The food was just ok, but the bar attached to the restaurant is awesome! Friendly staff and bartenders and the beer selection is ridiculous (in a good way!)
2	There's a rat in me kitchen what am I gonna do? There's a rat in me kitchen what am I gonna go? I'm gonna fix that rat thats what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna fix that rat. Well, if it WAS my kitchen i would... so this place has it all, including live entertainment which was all included in the price.  (bonus)  Headlining tonite were The Rats!  They were a HUGE success -not-   Seriously, kids counted 4 rats running up along the pipes, no kidding.  Pointed it out to the waitress and she knew about the rodent dinners, as they just had an exterminator in.So at least now i know why I have lived only a few blocks away from here, drove past several hundred times, and have never gone in.  (but now i can say, I've seen the Double WOW: Miss "Maxi Mounds" - 2003 Guiness World Book of Records for Umm, well you figure it out.  Hubby and son were speechless about that entertainment as well, so bring the kids!)Daughter says that the styrofoam plates were not what she was used to, (to put it nicely).  Son suggested that you should NOT bring your date here, {1st, 2nd, 3rd or even 4th date} - not a good idea.  He said it isn't the "worst place" to go to but that if you're looking for classy, then go to Sapporo.Either the noodles had a wierd taste of plastic to them, or they obtained the funk from the plastic bowls.I have to say our waitress was really nice, but although she was quick to suggest items off the menu:noodles weird tastemy mongolian beef was just "ok'house peanut sauce chicken lacked any pow the curry chicken was ordered extra spicey but had no kickNone of us ate more than 1/2 our bowls.  Me? about 1/4 - so glad, or I'd be in the bathroom were hubby & son are sitting right now (not sure what the term for the Chinese verison of New Dehli Belly is?  Hong Kong Pooie?  Now I know why the 1 platter was called Pu~Pu Royal - yes, I'm serious.)
2	gourmet? huh? This place looked really cool so we checked it out. When we stepped in, I was excited. It looked like our kinda place. "But why does this have such a shitty vibe", I ask my fiancee... "oh, we're in scottsdale". ah. So tattoos and piercings don't mean free sprit? No, dear. Around here, it means trendy. Lots of douchebags talking loud enough to draw attention from all around them. This is not a sportsbar, though I didn't mind seeing the Suns on their big screen. I did, however, mind the annoying shouts of the d-bags arguing about the Yankees.. baseball? really guys? seriously. shut up. And fix your hat, it looks ridiculous like that.All in all, no one was nice here. If you're bringing someone to Phoenix to show them what Phoenix is like don't bring them here. This place would be cool if it were downtown with some cool staff. But it's not, so it pretty much sucks. The food isn't that great, I'd rather have bamboo grill any day. But for the cool idea of the place, I'll give it an extra star.
1	My poor little princess - she has been throwing up since 5am.  My itty bitty 9 yr old has not vomitted since she was a baby - now WHAT do u SUPPOSE brought this on?!?  Hmmmmmm, let's think about that for a moment.....retrace what she may have eaten, perhaps???Unbeknownest to me, hubby obliged his daughter's begging to please buy her a Teriyaki Chicken Noodle Bowl.  BIG MISTAKE!other than her regular bowl of cereal in the morning, there was nothing else she ate - except this lovely dish.She has cramps, stomach ache, diarrhea, and yes, down to almost dry heaves now.  She is alseep beside me on the sofa, and very upset to have missed today at school.Home from school.Sick.From eating at this "Gourmet Chinese" ? ! ?did we fix that rodent problem yet guys?!disgusting..........
1	Completely disappointed. Utterly. I have ordered from here twice before, the first time (Delivery) was not that bad. The second time (Ate at the restaurant) was pretty good, so I figured I would keep them in rotation. The third time, yesterday (Delivery), was godawful. I contacted them around noon for delivery, they said it would be here at or around 1. First off, I ordered delivery because I was swamped at work and knew I didn't have time to leave my desk for a bathroom break let alone to go grab a bite to eat. So I'm working and working, finally I look down at the clock and it's 1:30...no food. My phone rings shortly thereafter, they say that for some reason my order wasn't viewed/received/something or other from the web site (um, then how is it that you are contacting me? but whatever.) I said OK that's fine and he said he would be here in about 10 minutes to deliver the food. That would be about 1:40 for those of you paying attention. Anywho, I get a call from a lady in the lobby saying that my food is ready, so I go up to the front (it takes about 15 SECONDS to get to there, I'm just around the corner) and this DB has left my food with her, tucked tail and ran. I think that was a very chickens#it thing to do, but at least the food is here...I take it back to my desk, open it up, and everything, EVERYTHING is a soggy, wet mess from steam condensation. Egg roll, soggy. Crab rangoon, soggy. Honey chicken, WET, SOGGY MESS! I was so angry. I ripped the soggy egg roll wrap off and ate the vegetables inside and had some of the white rice. The rest was unsalvageable (is that a word? it should be!), inedible, awful. And I PRE-TIPPED and paid delivery for this nonsense??! Disgusted, and slightly nauseated, I threw it out. I'm so disappointed.
4	Great spot to chill out!Just revisited today and was reminded of what a cool little spot this is. It looks like a mix between a junkyard and a dive bar. Try the outdoor patio between the restaurant and the bar and just chill out in a plastic lounge chair. Lots of top notch brews on tap, amazing Chinese food, friendly staff, and really fair prices. You could hang out here in sweats and a smiley face t-shirt and nobody would notice.*Dog friendly too.
4	A dive bar that serves asian food, what a concept.  The food was good, I had the chicken curry and a couple drinks.  There must have been 15 beers on tap, another bonus.  I am totally disregarding the service in my rating, as it was terrible.  Chop Wok gets benefit of the doubt, and I hope the bartenders aren't always on their cell phones while taking orders.....
3	Great place to hang out and drink buckets of the 29 beers on tap. You will need it to eat the inconsistent food. Never the same twice. What does seem to be consistent is not getting a complete order when you get it to go. My last 3 to go orders have all been missing at one of the entrees. On the plus side they are cheap and open late so you can get food if you can get there before 2 am. Usually a better choice than Denny's.
1	This place over charges and the food was not that great.It was not authentic and very americanized chinese.
2	This review is solely based on a pick-up food experience last night and it is not indicative of any positive/negative feelings regarding the ambience or dining experience inside. So my friend Kate was craving shrimp fried rice, it was late, and after searching Yelp we learned that Chop and Wok was the only Chinese food serving establishiment still open. We called and made an order. Picked it up. The food was greasy and oily, simply not good, and certainly not gourmet (that is laughable, actually). We ordered BBQ pork, but were given BBQ ribs, really? Overall, the experience was highly disappointing. I have no need to ever go back, late-night or otherwise. My suggestion would be to avoid a late-night Chinese food craving and go for one of the many fine late-night options in the area.
5	Chop and Wok and Wok Star are a take-out Chinese place and a rock-n-roll dive bar in one. The Chinese place has been at that same corner since the mid 80's. The current owner, Jamie (who is something of a local punk rock legend), added the space across the courtyard a few years ago. Now, it's a cool little compound, with the tiny take-out place and the dinky dive bar separated by a courtyard. If you want take-out or delivery , this is the best Chinese in the area. The menu is heavily Hunan, with an incredible variety. Everything I've had is just right. The appetizers are stellar. Fried rice is so simple, but this is what I really love from Chop and Wok. If you want to eat in, you can  order at the takeout counter and grab some patio seating. I usually pull up a stool at the bar, where Jamie, or whoever is manning the taps, will place the order and return when it's ready. Nine-in is still served take-out style, so it's easy to pack up the leftovers. Chop and Wok and Wok Star are open late every night. It's a fun, friendly spot if you're going to stick around or seriously good eats if you just need some Chinese grub.
2	i've previously worked in f&b for over 10 years so i'm always a bit hesitant to leave a negative review. since my current job is almost kitty-corner to chop and wok, my boss and i have been ordering from there at least twice a week for months now with never an issue. today i called to redeem my buy nine, get one free lunch coupon and the girl who answered the phone took the order then started in with something about a $12 minimum for delivery (mind you i have placed single orders practically every sunday for the last two months with never an issue), when i told her this she put me on hold (if you call placing the phone on the counter so i could hear everything being discussed about me by her and the other employee she was speaking with - nothing bad was overheard, but it was clear she was either extremelly new or just had no idea what was going on) so she could figure out what to do. when she picked the phone back up she stated that the driver would agree to deliver it (the delivery driver "agreed" to deliver my food?), but there would still be a delivery charge which, oddly, was the difference between my order total and the $12 minimum. i replied that "i've always ordered and never had an issue and between the time it took for her to figure out what the punch card was and the hold time, just to come back and basically tell me i'd end up paying for my 'free' meal, i would find somewhere else to eat." when i hung up the phone i glanced at the time and it was at 9:57.. ten minutes to place a lunch order that i cancelled. now we always tip at least 20%, and on "free lunch card" day i always end up tipping whatever the total for the meal would have been for them to drive across the street. the money isn't the issue - it's the principal that is. before this incident i was able to look past the fact that my order had been wrong about half the time it's been delivered, enough to make it a joke when we open the "mystery bag" - but it's fine, i don't like to complain, so i just eat what i can out of the order. needless to say, i was able to find another restaurant nearby that delivered a pretty good meal and didn't hassel me at all.i will never knock chop and wok's food as it has kept us coming back over and over, and the owner has been nothing less than great everytime he interacts with us - however, it only takes one bad experience to ruin it. we all know repeat business is how restaurants survive - it runs like a well-oiled machine when jamie is there, hopefully he get the take-out employee's on-board with his superior customer service.
4	Love the food and the wok star bar!
5	It's simple - the food I ordered for a late night take-out dinner was phenomenal!  I had the Vegetable Lo-Mein and it was perfect - not oily at all, tons of fresh veggies - even the mushrooms! (anything worse than canned mushrooms???) I also had the orange chicken, made spicy at my request and it was delicious!  Not too much breading, lightly fried - very well prepared!  The servers were awesome, service was fast, price was very reasonable - really good experience - I'll definitely go back!
4	I love this place, great for lunch or liquid lunch meetings!
2	Just not a fan of Chop and Wok.It's been here for years and I remember the food being better when I was a kid.  If anyone thinks this is good Chinese food though, I don't know what you're smoking, but I'd love some!  The orange chicken bowl is the only thing I've had that is decent here, but its nothing to get excited over.I think the only thing they have going for them is the 1-cent Yelp cocktail and the wide selection of beers.  But the crowd here is a little rough...you definitely don't think you're in Scottsdale, which I guess for some is a nice change.  For me though, it's not a place I want to sit and drink at.
2	So tried this place twice on my trip to Scottsdale.  It's a very cool atmosphere and a great place to hang out with friends.  They have a large selection of beers, and very attentive staff.  The staff goes above and beyond the call of duty.The first night we all shared a PuPu platter which was very good and why I'm giving it 2 stars.  You can't go wrong and the crab puffs are definitely the highlite.  However I got Warshu Chicken and the chicken was overcooked and too much sauce.  However had such a good time with my friends I returned the next night.We again got the PuPu platter and it was awesome, this time I got Orange Beef.  The Beef was overcooked and there was not enough sauce.  But again we had a great time and watched 2 free live bands.The prices are cheap for the area, and they serve the food in takeout containers even when u eat in.  If I can find and entree I like I would bump it a star.
3	Five stars for the bar and ambiance, has a great "dive bar" feel to it. Cheap drinks are always welcome of course.One star for the food. The peanut curry is nothing more than jif peanut butter with chili flakes for garnish. Yikes! Same goes for the rest, but if you get drunk enough I might be able to recommend the white rice :)
3	so i went here to meet with a friend who is always there.  she nneded to meet with my roommate about some biz dealings.  it was a cool place.  kinda tucked away.  the staff were super.  the adult beverages strong. the lunch specials reasonable priced.  the orange chicken was tasty if not a little too sweet for me.  but overall i liked the place.  next time i go i'll check out more of the menu
2	So I had Chop and Wok deliver - as I work close to the establishment. Ordered lunch - cashew chicken for me and chicken lo-mein for the boss. If there were any green vegetables in either dish, it was pretty much obscured by the hoisin sauce clinging to every bit of morsel that was not rice. If you love the sauce - bully for you. I like hoisin sauce - just not in excess that obliterates every other taste. Nevertheless, the meal arrived promptly and we tucked in. Now - this is my disclaimer - I have a wonky tummy that may/may not react to the most common things, even things I have consumed before that never left me feeling bad. Same thing this go-round; The cashew chicken upset my stomach somewhat - but again - that is my wonky tummy for you. The eggroll was good, as were the fried won tons. The cashew chicken was good, too - it just didn't agree with my IBS. The boss liked hers enough to reheat it for later. Overall, if I have to have a fast Chinese-food fix, I would probably order fried rice and an eggroll - but not go for anything that might possibly be stir-fryed - cause you know it's going to arrive smothered in hoisin sauce.
4	You know that place that you drive by, and it's been there forever, but you never go in, and then you wonder how a place that looks so not fancy can stay in business?Chop and Wok is that place. And I'm glad I finally went to that place. Dive bar, great food, great people, cheap drinks. The hubs and I went there to meet friends who ate dinner there before we arrived. They raved about the food, and we really enjoyed our strong drinks. We were even happier when the check came and it was surprisingly low.We went back later for dinner and really enjoyed the food! I'm glad we finally stopped in. I'm excited to stumble into the other places I have been eying for year, yet never ventured into.
2	A dive bar that features Chinese food? Now those aren't two things you hear in the same sentence!  After trying this place I know why! My buddy and I stopped at Chop and Wok on the way to the airport  and ordered the food to go. The NFC championship game was on in the bar and patio area, so this review is a bit late.  We both got the same thing, a chicken and veggie combo on brown rice.I barely had time to eat a couple of bites as we rushed to return the rental car. 2 bites was 2 too many.  My navigator on the other had time for a bit more. Sad part is the chicken tasted like it was still frozen.  If you have ever microwaved one of those prefabbed frozen dinners, that is the level of flavor this dish had, bummer. Had high hopes for this place but all I can say is yuck! I hate to give it 2 stars but that was some bad Chinese food.
4	The drinks are strong, and the Chinese Food is yummy.  Is it the best Chinese food in town?  No.  Are they the best drinks in town?  No.  Is it cold in the winter going to this restaurant?  Yes.  Are there smokers because the place is indoor/outdoor?  Yes.  That being said, I still give this place 4 stars.  Management is awesome, and when I am drinking and having a good time, I want fried rice, pork slices, and garlic shrimp.  They even have "heart healthy" options, and there are always drink specials going.  This place is truly unique.  I haven't been anywhere else like this, and that is a good thing.Finally, the hours are great!  I like to eat late, and I am in the WRONG city for that.  But if I want my Chinese food after 9 pm, this is probably the only place you can find open on a non-Friday/Saturday night.  They also open early.  Day-drinking is always fun.
4	I was there on a slow Thursday night to meet up with friends.  1st time going and the staff made us feel like regulars.  Crazy selection of beers (regional craft beers thru King Cobra)!  Great prices.  Run the way a dive bar should be!  Crowd was small but very cool.  I'd come back in the future for sure.
5	The kitchen is still closed but WHO CARES.  The bar is great!  VERY RELAXED lots of patio space to sit.  HUGE selection of beer. Dogs are allowed on patio. CHEAP DRINKS. Cool bartenders.  Feels like you're kickin' it at a friends house.  Very homey place, atmosphere is chill, people are down to earth. One of my favorite places to grab a beer and have some great conversation with friends.
4	I love this place! I've known about The Wok since about '06 when I was big into the local band scene. I had some friends work there so I'd pop in from Mesa to visit and to get the AWESOME kiwi-strawberry chicken and crab puffs. Those are probably the best things on the menu, hands down. The bar is super cool, but I've only been there once since they opened it. Jamie, the owner, is probably the raddest dude ever, which makes me love this place even more.
5	Love the crab puffs and the vegetable tofu dish.  They cater to their clients and your dietary needs.  The atmosphere is very informal.  Quick service and friendly personnel.  Small parking lot in front, but more parking in back.  Easy access off Shea.  My husband and I like to sit at the bar and play the on line quiz games.
4	The food is decent, not as good as before the move, but still good. They get bonus points for being open late, which is always a good thing.
2	A year ago I'd have given them at least four stars.  The ambiance was great, cool decor, food was tasty and reasonable, service was friendly, and the beer selection was really good.  However, I've kinda given up on this place.  For the past YEAR, they've been saying that their kitchen would be open "soon."  For a good month, probably 6 weeks now, they've had a sign up outside that says their kitchen will be open "Really Soon."  Well... a year ain't "soon" folks.  Many times I drove up from old town Scottsdale to go enjoy a few beverages and a good meal there.  But as I said, I've given up on this place.  Not quite sure how they're staying afloat anymore.
5	Best Bartenders in Arizona. Friendliest owners also. Great spot for music and hanging out
5	OMG They are now open again in a new location on the Southeast corner of Scottsdale and Shea. Food is amazing....drinks are amazing! Environment is so "chill" and not North Scottsdale. LOVE THIS PLACE. The new place is even better than their other location. Yay that they are back. You have got to try this place out everyone. :)
3	IT IS BACK!  (I am not sure if really has a vengeance though....)The original location closed before I moved to the area and I was always bummed I didn't get to try it.... Chop And Wok has just reopened last week at a new location across the street.  I went there last night and had a few drinks (note: I have not tried the food).
1	My husband & I have been meaning to try Chop and Wok for years.It's been on our foodie "Bucket List".Finally today, we decided to pick up a few dishes at the new location.(11.99) War Shu Chicken - all we could taste was the CORNSTARCH(11.99) Mongolian Beef - ONLY dish with flavor(7.99) Vegetable Fried Rice - looked amazing, totally BLAND, like White Rice bland (1.99 EA) Chicken Teriyaki Egg Rolls - the SMALLEST grease pocket imaginableThe Bill: $40.30 + $7.70 tip = money down the toilet.Although I am Chinese, I give a lot of leeway when it comes to American-Chinese cuisine. I had to dip my War Shu chicken in the Sweet & Sour sauce provided for the Egg Rolls (1" x 3" = sized for an Infant), which is unheard of if you knew me. I was damn near close to pouring Soy Sauce over my Fried Rice just to make it edible. Again, not my usual habit as it reminds me of someone putting ketchup on a Filet Mignon..To add insult to injury, the establishment itself smelled like the inside of the oldest bowling shoe; worn by every pre-pubescent boy in the State after running a 5K. My husband puts it simply, "smells like stale beer", but it was more offensive than that. We went in with the intention to dine-in, and ended up taking it home. I couldn't eat with that kind of funk encompassing my senses.I've had better Chinese Food at a sketchy, poorly lit, all you can eat for $1.99 Buffet in downtown Phoenix where the main color of the food is Red, Yellow, or Blue-ish.This review came with a fervor; I created an account exclusively to be able to write this review and create awareness that this "Restaurant" (slash Bar) has the worst food ever. Ever! Let me put it this way, if there was an option to omit stars altogether, that would have been my course of action.What baffles me is that Chop and Wok is rated (via Reviews) the same as Flo's. Mind blowing. FLO'S is actually GOOD Chinese Food..
4	SO HAPPY CHOP 'N' WOK IS FINALLY BACK!  HOW I'VE MISSED YOU!Seems like years - Well, probably because it's been like two years since that fire shut them down.  Relocated kitty corner to the old location - now @South East corner of Scottsdale & Shea.It's bigger and better, but still got the Chop 'N' Wok decor and vibe. TVs with sports - Check. Semi-divey ambiance (Translation - Chill) - Check.  Craft Beers. Big selection - Check.Music - Jukebox and Live - Check.Chinese Food - Check.  Low Light Level  - Check.Signature Cocktail - Orange Sunshine - CheckGranted the table service leaves something to be desired, but sit in the bar, or at the bar.  It's friendly.  Everybody is super nice and the prices are reasonable.  And a word to my fellow Yelpers who disparage and nick on the authenticity of the Chinese food served here:People, please - This is CHOP and freaking WOK.  It's a casual, locals-only kind of hang.  It's a dive-ish bar that happens to serve "Chinese Food".  It's an awesome combo.Reality Check:  If you're truly seeking a genuine, five-star, "Gourmet Chinese" experience, you're going to have to travel to SF, NYC or Shanghai, or stay home with your favorite Ming Tsai.  Trust me, I've been searching the PHX for top-shelf Chinese cuisine for years. It simply does not exist in this geography.But if you're in need of a convivial evening out with some friendlies, craft beers and have a hankering for decent Chinese, Chop 'N' Wok is the prescription. I'll see you there...soon.
1	The worst excuse for Chinese food ! The only tying I ate were the fortune cookies.
