4	This Restoration Hardware is a cool retro furniture/home decor with the poor luck of being in the wrong location.  The Phillips Place shops never appear busy, as Phillips Place is more of an eating and movie-going area than anything else.  But don't let that stop you from visiting Restoration Hardware!  Besides old-fashioned looking (but now back in style) furniture, bedding, and bath items, Restoration Hardware offers cool retro items like games, telescopes, record album (yes, record ALBUM, as in LP) frames, and other gadgets.  Everything in the store is brand-new but has a retro feel to it.  It's much more fun to browse through than Pottery Barn!  Right on, man!
4	Dear Restoration Hardware:I wish you weren't so pricey! I've been drooling over one of your bedding sets for a at least a year now. Recently you've put some items on sale, including the one I've had my eye on. However, you have outdone yourself again and updated your bedding selection with an even better set (not on sale). When will this "out of reach" relationship end? You torture me with your classic style, sleek merchandise. You humor me with your little trinkets at the cash wrap.Your staff is eager to help and readily available to assist. I appreciate the attention. Until my next visit, I will be coveting you from afar. Truly, Faith D.
5	Sale! Score on fantastic products at a more "affordable" price. (Yes, I plan to eat ramen noodles for months to come to offset my most recent RH purchase.)The sales associates are super friendly and spent a lot of time helping my husband and I order things that they didn't have in the store. They are in the middle of a renovation, so the store is in a bit of a disarray...or maybe that was from me. In any case, they'll have it new and improved and fully stocked in the next few weeks. My favorite store!
4	The NEW look of Restoration Hardware is Big and very masculine!  Looks like a Movie Set - in a good way!
3	I have bought several things from this store. I've also ordered a lot from RH online. I went in a few weeks ago to order a bench to match my bed. I was disappointed that they can't ship smaller items to the store to avoid shipping charges. Other furniture stores like Pottery Barn have this option. Overall I love RH and their products, but this disappointed me considering I'm already paying quite a bit for the product.
5	Adding another two stars! My husband and I were really pleased with the customer service during our last trip to RH. We were greeted promptly by Gregory and he helped us throughout our entire purchase. He helped us to choose the right colors and products that we were going back and forth between. He was incredibly insightful. I'm not a designer and have trouble visualizing the products in my home. It can be overwhelming. I'm spending a lot of money here and I want to know what I'm choosing will look wonderful in my home! We will definitely be asking for Gregory next time we buy more furniture from RH because he designed and imagined things with us and made us feel comfortable with our ideas. His suggestions were on point and he steered us in the right direction!
1	This used to be a great company to work with. The products were made well and the service used to be outstanding. Now buyer be ware. I have had nothing but headaches with my orders. First was with the drapery order I placed in July. My drapes still are not up because of one debacle after another. First some of the hardware didn't arrive, then it came in the wrong finish, then the didn't include as stated drapery hooks and they are back ordered till Jan. 2014. Then hung a pair of drapes and the other pair for another window in the same room wasn't the length stated, then I called to have the right length sent. Oh sorry mam, they have been discontinued you will have to take down the pair you just hung and order something else and by the way it is going to cost you an additional $200 dollars. 4.5 mos. later I am still dealing with their screw ups. Ordered a very a very large and heavy coat rack. A friend and I worked on this for 3 hours, it should have taken no more than 30 min. We could not get it together because it didn't line up. Sorry mam, you will have to pack up this very large and heavy item and set it out to be picked up. Have spent a lot of $$$$ and would have had better service and products had I gone to Walmart. They used to be a great company, I have been brought to tears and all I have gotten is a smug and condescending attitude. When I complained to one of the online managers and explained my disappointment with he had no sensitivity to all I have been through and at one point even tried to point the finger back at me. At one point told him I would be telling everyone I came in contact with and the internet media how horrible my experience has been, his reply " Do what you have to do!" Wow, were has customer service gone?
