5	No need to go all the way for Park Street for authentic mexican. Tucked in the sort-of-seedy strip behind the McDonalds, you can stay on the east side for real mexican.This place has all the regulars, burritos, etc-- but it really shines in those double wrapped, cilantro and onion topped tacos, tortas, sopes, etc.All types of meat (I love the lengua--tongue), but my coworker has gotten steak and chorizo. Very warm, very friendly (though the english isn't always there). Great spot for something different on the eastside.
5	I got the "mojarra mexicana" today. Best Fish (catfish, deep fried with no batter) ever. Comes with the head.
5	Best tacos in Madison, hands down. The guacamole and chips is also outlandishly delicious- they make the chips fresh and they come hot. Get tacos al pastor.
4	Tucked away behind a bridal store and tuxedo rental shop in a little Mexican themed strip mall on the East Side of Madison, is a wonderfully authentic Mexican restaurant called Taqueria Sabor Queretano. They just got a new printed menu today, my first time trying this business out.My husband and I ordered the menudo soup and lengua taco. I ordered a horchata drink - think Big Gulp sized! ($3).  My lengua taco was $2, and it was actually big enough to make into two tacos with the double tortillas we received.  The menudo soup is also a hearty portion size - we had to ask for the "small" size ($7), otherwise, it would have been large enough to feed at least two, likely three people. The service provided by our waiter, Mario, was good. I think Mario was the only waiter in the shop who speaks English - the owner/chef seemed to rely upon him for translation when I'd asked how long they had been open.  He said three years now. Wow, that's a long time to be open and not yet have a yelp review.   All the customers who walked in were from the neighborhood.I will definitely be coming back here again - food was great. Ambience was decent - a flat screen TV plays telenovelas in the background, a huge fan to cool us down from the heat of the food, and cases and cases of jarritos piled high up against the walls for storage.  But everything was clean, people were friendly, and the food was seemingly authentic.there's a grocery store next door - La Hispana - that sells limited produce, household things, rotisserie chicken, boxed horchata, etc.
5	you know it's good Mexican food when only Mexicans are dining in!At first, the prices were like "WTF!" (yeah I said wtf) BUT when my humongous carnitas gordita came out, I seriously was only able to eat that one item, the carnitas was loaded in that pocket!!!  (great maiz flavor of the gordita masa, by the way)My guest chose the carne asada Hondureno and it had 5 large thinly sliced steak pieces and 4 large halves of delicious fried plaintain... very delicious.  The beans (frijoles de la hoya) had sooooo much flavor.BIG prices but also BIG portions... it is afterall Madison Wisconsin ;)
5	yo, now this is whuts up!!!i spent the last 10 years in nyc, living in queens where taco trucks were a plenty and a favorite late night post bar 4am put on harold and kumar and toke a lil' sumpin' sumpin' snack was chorizo, bistek, or carnitas tacos and a manzana soda!!!i'm fond of all the different foods in madtownbut i missed my taco truckthen i found this place!!!yo, the tastes are deliciousthe meat portions sizes are HUMUNGOUS!!!this is it for my east side taco jointthey pack each taco with so much meat, your head will explode in pleasure!each taco with set you back about $2.50but for the portions, it's really like 2 tacos!!!super nice peoplequick servicevery cleanhighly recommended!ps i stopped in for lunch todaysaw some dudes putting away a huge slab of meat and soup and tortillasthat's my next meal!!!
2	My English 1 teacher gave out an assignment to visit a new restaurant and write a review of it. Since my wife and I have already been to virtually every affordable restaurant on the east side, finding a place to write about was a bit of a challenge, but after scouring Google, I found this tiny Mexican place just off East Washington. When we pulled up, we were immediately put off by the lack of decor and cheap, worn furnishings that looked like they'd come secondhand from an office's break room, but I had a grade to earn, so we forged ahead. The place initially appeared to be empty, but after we walked in a server appeared from the back.The menus consisted of printed pages in the heavy plastic booklets typical of small diners, and provided virtually no information about the meals beyond names and prices. Feeling only slightly adventurous, my wife ordered something mysterious called pambazo, but asked for chicken rather than the chorizo the server suggested. I decided to play it safe and ordered the mole; though I've never had it as a dish by itself, at least I've had meals including mole sauce before. The server explained to me in Spanish peppered with English that they were out of chicken, but he could make it with beef instead. "Is good," he assured me. Our food arrived in surprisingly short order. Pambazo turned out to be a giant sandwich-thing featuring shredded chicken, a crumbly white cheese and vegetables on puffy bread. The chicken was bland and watery and the vegetables shriveled -- both obviously came out of a can -- but the tasty bread saved the dish.The mole came on a wide plate with a huge hunk of beef drowned in the thick brown mole sauce at one end, a pool of runny, bland refried beans on the other, and a thin strip of white rice down the middle. Additionally, a stack of tiny corn tortillas were kept warm in a container on the side. The mole itself was pretty good; the beef was tender and shredded easily under my fork, and the sauce had a rich, earthy flavor with just a hint of bitterness. However, I'm not sure what I was supposed to do with the tortillas. Though the thick, warm tortillas you have with butter before a meal at Pedro's came to mind, there was nothing to put on these and they were thin and oddly dry. I decided to try making little mole taco/burrito-things out of them, but they were so small that if I tried to wrap up more than a bite at a time it got pretty messy.When we were full, there was still enough food on our plates to get an entire second dinner out of it. Our waiter had left the building sometime during our meal, so I wandered back to the counter to find someone who could get us to-go boxes. The only other person there was the cook, who was occupied way in the back of the kitchen, but there was a tall stack of styrofoam boxes next to the register. I helped myself to two of them.After boxing up our leftovers, there was nothing left to do but pay and leave. This is the part that every business truly lives for, and it's the one part that they almost never get wrong; no matter how poor the service is, you can always count on them being happy to take your money. Sadly, this was the restaurant's biggest failure. Wherever the server wandered off to, he still hadn't returned. I went up to the counter and managed to get the cook's attention, but he showed no interest in taking my money, only assuring me "he'll be right back", presumably referring to the server. He returned to the back of the kitchen and placed a phone call. We stood around and waited for several minutes. I was about ready to just guesstimate the bill and leave cash on the table when our server finally returned.The prices are comparable to Pedro's or other similar Mexican restaurants, but the food is merely adequate, and both the atmosphere and service are practically non-existent. While I wouldn't necessarily be opposed to giving them a second chance, given the number of restaurant options in the area, I doubt I ever will.
5	Really, my favorite cheese enchiladas I've ever ordered! Amazing beautiful plates with avocados and vegetables and great, strong flavors. I'm a huge fan!
5	I think Taqueria Sabor Queretano is just delicious. The guacamole is some of the best I've ever had, and (as mentioned elsewhere) the portions are HUGE. I had an asada gordita, carnitas taco, and chorizo taco - everything was excellent. My only complaint is that they were out of al pastor when we came, but I'll definitely be back to check that out. I've got a longer review on my taco-reviewing website, here: http://tacosmog.com/rev/t/taqueriasaborqueretano.html
5	WOW. Madison's new king of tacos!I was pretty upset about the closing of La Guanajuatence and kept wondering if any restaurant could ever take its place. Well, good news--we went to Taqueria Sabor Querento and I have to say--the food is FANTASTIC.Sure, there's no salsa bar, but this place just has incredible tacos and Mexican food in general. Tacos will run you $2.50 each, but the meat servings are enormous. Pastor here? Excellent. I also got a carnitas sopes--which was too big for $3.50. Coupled with the taco, I couldn't finish it.Oh, and to the people complaining about the decor--ignore them. Clearly, those philistines have never been to a legit, authentic Mexican restaurant. Go here, get everything. Seriously.I am THRILLED that Madison (I mean me) has a new place to go for superb Mexican. Keep calm and om nom nom, people.
5	Excellent Mexican food, reasonable prices for the portions. This is not Texmex food. Real stone ground yellow corn tortillas. Fresh handmade guacamole. Had the carne' asada which came with grilled plantains, rice, beans (not refried), and salad with avocado, and fresh made green salsa. The salsa was in a small container, but a little went a long way. Friendly service. I ate there two lunches in a row and it would have been more if I was in town longer. My wife had the chimichanga which were huge and filled with lots of meat. She finished 3/4 of one of the two included with the order. This is the real deal Mexican food with Mexican TV on in the background. This is not a place to go for your brightly colored typical Americanized Mexican decor, but a great place for great food.
4	You would never find this place unless you go looking for it.  And you should go look for it.  It's in a small strip mall behind the McDonalds on E. Wash.  We came here on a Friday night and shared two dishes - we ordered the chicken burrito and 2 chorizo tacos.  We also ordered the guacamole.  The chorizo tacos were very good - chorizo can be greasy, but these were not.  Great flavor with fresh avocado and cilantro.  The burrito was very good too - the shredded chicken was super moist.  The guacamole was also very good - but the chips seemed like they were not so fresh.  They actually weren't even chips - they were full sized tortillas which you broke up to use as chips.  Also there was no salsa?  That was a bit odd - I know chips and salsa are a HUGE reason I go for Mexican food - they are my guilty pleasure.  I'll definitely be back though.
5	My Girlfriend and I decided to venture out for some Mexican after spending a long day in the yard. Something about tacos, horchata, and piles of rice and beans just sounded right, you know? I was perusing yelp for something new and came across this joint - and man was that an awesome find. Seriously, guys. This place is great. I ordered the Carne Asada with Plantains and my Girlfriend ordered 2 chicken tacos. The carne asada was flavorful and delicious, the rice and beans tasted fresh and actually had flavor (what!?), and the salad it came with had a ton of avocado and a tasty lime vinaigrette. Then there were the plantains. Normally when you get a side of plantains you get a little lump of them on the side of your plate...not here. I was given two WHOLE plantains that were sliced in half and fried perfectly. They took up half of the plate and they were delicious. As for the tacos, they looked good, they were gigantic, and I was told they tasted very fresh. Also, the horchata was giant sized and delicious. I saved half to drink the next day. Anyway, this place rocked and is currently the only Mexican in town that can compete with Taqueria Guadalajara. Good stuff, man.
5	Great food.  Mas(s) quantities.  Spanish-speaking soaps on TV.  You get the picture - totally awesome.
5	Visiting family in Madison & seeing the good reviews here, we decided to give it a try. We are frequent travelers to Mexico, consider ourselves foodies & love to both cook & eat Mexican food. One member of our party said it was the best chimichanga she'd ever eaten. The tacos were delicious  - especially the tongue. Tortillas & chips were fresh & delicious. The tamales were very tender, filled with tender chicken & a nice green salsa. The  whole fried plantains that came with the Honduran carne asada were to-die-for. Portions were huge & the service excellent. A very authentic and affordable taqueria.
5	Don't go anywhere else in town for traditional Mexican fare....it won't compare!
5	Looking for authentic latin food? Get yourself to Sabor Queretano. The location is odd; close to East Towne's Red Lobster in what looks like a neglected strip mall. (Check out the hispanic store next store, too.)Having eaten there 3 times, I still crave their food  Each time I've tried different meals. They were all incredibly delicious. Large open space, with a kitchen in plain sight. Massive piles of plantains (platanos). Clean place. Service isn't too slow, but it's not fast. Bring the kids. TV with muscia latina is usually on, but not at deafening levels.As other reviewers have mentioned the prices are higher than many places, but so are their portions. Each time I've gone home with leftovers. I am a huge fan of Sabor Queretano.
5	I got a tripa taco and an al pastor sope.  The tripa itself was no-compromise flavorful, but alone the taco it would have been not so fulfilling - - but together with that amazing sope it was a feast, for $6.   The cornmeal in the sope was not thick - - it was lighter than the taco shell(s) - - but heaped with an al pastor like none I'd ever had - - rich, red, strong in flavor - - and the onion and very fresh cilantro (and nice salsa) made for a VERY sumptious, flavorful, and satisfying meal.  It could be that the cuisine (from Queretaro?) is different than the Michoacan and Guanajuato I'm used to, but it was very unique, distinctive, and great care was put into making it highly flavorful.  Like with Los Gemelos, which I also hugely enjoy in its two Madison locations,  I would highly recommend getting at least one sope, as opposed to just tacos.
4	This taqueria has so many home cooked touches.  The guacamole was quickly made to order.  The shredded pork in the tacos was slow cooked and tender.  The salsas were deep in flavor and contained fresh cilantro and chiles.  The pastor and chorizo were clearly house-made and richly prepared.The ambiance is like so many of these great Mexican places.  Clearly not the comfort that you expect from more expensive restaurants.  It's the decor of a sandwich shop but the cuisine of great heights.
1	Downgraded review after finding several rocks in my pinto beans. Told waiter and he did nothing. He did not appear to notify cook. He did not take it off the bill, nor did he apologize. For the those who don't know, a rock in pintos indicates poor food prep, and can lead to a cracked tooth. Boooooo.This is a real shame because otherwise, I have loved every dish and every visit to Sabor Queretano.
5	During a recent trip to Madison, my wife and I found Taqueria through our "friends" on Yelp.  This place is literally located in a random strip center off the frontage road, behind a McDonald's.  It is a bit sketchy feeling - in fact, my wife and I debated going here or doing the safe thing and hitting the Chipotle down the block.  SO GLAD we went here.It is a medium sized Mexican joint with authentic food and great service.  The waiters were great, kind, and quick to help with any needs.  When we sat down, they brought chips and two kinds of salsas - I LOVE spicy foods and rarely do they affect me, but the hotter salsa had a nice kick and great flavor.  The food we ordered definitely shined. I ordered Tripe tacos (get over the fear - tripe is awesome).  These were outstanding!!!  I also ordered the Al Pastor Sope - these were bigger than expected and also excellent.  While I didn't order a burrito, I saw one being delivered - it looked like it weighted 5 pounds...If and when we go back, I will certainly stop by here again!
4	Interesing dishes and flavors.  Decent prices and excellent service.  Not sure this is mexican, doesn't taste like anything I've had before.
5	Fantastic!!! The portion sizes are huge so be warned!! This is fantastic food.. even standard items such as the beans; rice and tortillas were wonderful on their own. Someone really knows how to cook! Do not pass this up if you are in the area. As other reviews have noted, it is a bit hard to find, it is actually on Dwight street, which is a block north of Washington -- it is in the middle of a strip mall on the 4500 E. block of Dwight, well worth a couple of extra turns to get to.
4	I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but this place was REALLY good! Food was fresh & seasoned well, & the server was quick & very nice! It's a local spot & had a steady stream of ppl. Give it a try! U WON'T be disappointed!
3	Average food, average service, average prices. Nothing to complain about, just nothing to make it stand out from the many other taquerias.
3	I have been wanting to leave a review and Reviewer on 4/20/2014 hit the nail on the head with exactly what I was thinking. Food was good, staff was nice, place is a little hard to find and I had to debate whether or not I would actually go in. I went here because of my pregnancy craving for enchiladas and have found none since being in Madison for a year. The chicken enchiladas were delicious and exactly the authentic flavor I was looking for. I also had the flautas which were just as tasty. My husband enjoyed his tacos. He had more filling than he expected and had enough for leftovers. Definitely good food if you are willing to give it a try. It really reminded me that places like Qdoba and Chipotle are like "fast food" and missing that good authentic flavor that I loved about my favorite restaurant back at home.
4	Stopped by before starting on my usual pilgrimage up I94. Place is pretty hard to find because it is hidden behind a McDonald, but I was happy I put in the effort.I had 3 tacos: pastor, barbaco and carnitas. All were good and came with perfect sauces, but what I liked most where the tortillas. They were the more rustic kind and looked like they might have been homemade with stone ground flour. It is a small thing, but I thing it is this sort of things that makes a taco joint stand out.I also liked the vibe of the place. Laid back, mostly South American patrons and a prompt, no frill kind of service. Oh And the World Cup on TV.Will probably stop by again for a quick bite on my way from or to I94 and maybe get something more portable to eat while on the road.
1	No chips and salsa?  What!?!?  WHAT?!?!Seriously...I can't think of another Mexican restaurant in the area that doesn't offer free chips and salsa....We ordered food for the 4 of us (2 adults and 2 children) which consisted of 2 Chimichangas, 2 tacos for my wife, and 2 kids meals.  With 3 drinks, our bill came to $41 and change.  This place is definitely more expensive than most Mexican restaurants in the area.  The waiter didn't give me ice in my water, which made it very tepid.  The service was slow as well.  I don't know why everyone is rating this place so well.  I'm used to getting free chips and salsa at Mexican restaurants, especially for $40+ for 4 people.  WE definitely won't be back here.
3	Pretty good food. I had the beef carnitas and a beer, the daughter had steak chimichangas and water.  The meal came in about 10 minutes and they give you quite a bit of food.  Everything was fresh. My steak was on the chewy side but flavorful. The reason for just 3 stars is1. No chips and salsa.  Really! !  So you just have to sit there and wait. 2. Price.  $30 for 2 lunches?   And the daughter had water?Good food but at the price there are other pl a case for me.
4	Best Mexican on the Eastside I've had so far. Inside was clean and food tasted authentic. I had the Tacos Especial and didn't have to add any sauce.
5	First of all I love myself a burrito. This place is one of the best places to get an authentic Mexican burrito in Madison. Fast service good portions.
5	Found this place on yelp, I have never reviewed a place before and had to sign up for an account to review. I had the Honduran Carne Assada, it was prefect, the plantain was ripe, sweet and perfectly prepared. This is like getting real central American street food than fancy but perfect. We had guacamole that was obviously prepared after we ordered it, very fresh. My friend had a burrito that was delicious. Don't go if you want fancy but do go for the great food.
4	I love this place! I am from Chicago so I grew up with authentic Mexican food and it can be quite hard to find where I live in Florida . I was in Wisconsin and stayed next door to this restaurant and looked on yelp and it seems to be the real deal. Our bill did get a little higher than I expected but the food was wonderful. I tried steak, chorizo (greasy but tasty), and barbacoa tacos. We were the only patrons in there for a little while, and our server was wonderful to us. He was very attentive and very friendly and just great. I think the owner cooked the food and it was very quick. A few people came in later and judging from their accents I think they were Mexican, which makes me very happy because I know I was surrounded by people who appreciated the restaurant's food. Sadly, this restaurant is very far from me in Wisconsin but if I ever end up in the area again I will definitely be there as soon as I land
4	This cute little food cart appeared in front of my office yesterday (corner of Whitney Way and University Avenue) so a few of us wandered down to check it out!  The unassuming trailer had a hand written menu on a whiteboard and one guy inside taking orders AND making the food (fresh with each order I might add).  So the cart was slow, but well worth the wait!  I went for the $9 chicken enchiladas with rice and beans and they were OUTSTANDING!  An appropriately hot verde sauce topped the fantastic puled chicken wrapped in a authentic corn tortillas.  Lots of toppings included Mexican cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a spicy sour cream drizzle.  There was so much food in there that it's my lunch again today!  If you see this little cart, don't let the simple exterior fool you....they saved all the energy for making the fantastic food!!!!!
5	Um, I wanted a burrito. What I got was the size of my calf. I got the chicken burrito for $9. I now have upwards of three meals. The chicken was great. By no means dry or lacked flavor. Added a huge heap of burrito swag (tomato, lettuce, cheese, rice, beans, sour cream and more, I'm sure). It took up the entire take out box!!!!Now let me reverse to the experience up until this point. I crave burritos and I was picking school supplies when the craving hit. So I checked out what was recommended on yelp. Drove all of .5 miles from the mall. I pulled up and this guy is pacing back and forth, singing to his rap that is blasting in his ears. He had an odd aura about him but I proceeded. I walked in and is was for sure a hole in the wall. Clean. Decorating included the standings in the world's cup and post it notes on the drink cooler. This is exactly how I like my Mexican food though. Authentic in taste and no extra jazz.
3	Former La Taqueria HispanaFood was okay. It was not the best l've ever had. serving size is 5 star; however chicken brrito was $10. So, for the price I say it was about right. I would rather go to Chipotle in the next block and pay 75% less for 75% less amount of food. There is not a possible way I can eat the whole thing anyway.Chicken was stewed not grilled. I prefer grilled. My other dislike was the ingredients are really not distibuted evenly, so one end had mostly rice then other end was mostly chicken. My husband had tacos and he said pastor was bit dry but okay. Carne asada was good.
5	Found this place thanks to Yelp!  Go Yelp!  These two guys are the real deal.  Making great Mexican food and taking care of business.  The portions are huge and the meats are outstanding.  I had two tacos and they were both wonderful (carne asada and al pastor).  We had the fresh guacamole and it was so good.  Coke comes in bottles.  Still have the World Cup brackets posted with Alemania winning it all.  (Mexico, maybe next time?)  It is very close to the big mall, and a much better choice.  It's back from the main road, in a strip mall behind the frontage businesses.  Way worth the stop!
4	Delicious! The portions are huge and fresh!  Everything is made to order including the guacamole.  The fresh tamales at their food cart is what brought me to the restaurant.   I tried the guaraches.  It appears to be something like an open faced burrito.  The base is more like a flat tamale. It's a big round flat sheet of Masa.  It is then topped with refried beans, meat, lettuce, tomato, and some sort of sour cream I think.  I couldn't decide if it was sour cream or mayonnaise and it was probably a combination of both. Whatever it was it was good.  The burrito was huge and stuffed full of all the good stuff.  They have bottled beer, soda, water, and Horchata.  I didn't notice the Horchata right away or I would've ordered that instead.  Definitely will be going back.
5	Just moved from SoCal and I gotta say this place makes me feel back at home. Authentic Mexican food is hard to find out here but this place has nailed it. Ginormous portions too!
4	I was wrapping up a road trip and staying at a hotel, so what'd I do? I Yelp'ed for Mexican takeout. When I read some of the other reviews, I decided to drive by a couple chains and find the hole-in-the wall that promised to hit the spot. The menu was in Spanish and had just a few choices. I was the only white girl in there. And I basically just pointed to what I wanted, got a nod and a smile and BAM - the food was packed and ready to go. And it was GOOD. Not just, it'll do after a long day in the car, but "maybe I'll head back to Madison one day" good. If you're passing through or want more authentic Mexican than you're used to, keep your eyes pealed and pull in, point and smile.
4	Fire is all I can say. Huge tacos, great ingredients, I feel like I'm back in Chicago
3	I may be a bit spoiled by my "home" taqueria (Taco Rico in Lafayette, Indiana), but I was a bit disappointed. We weren't offered water to drink, nor chips and salsa. The prices were also higher than I expected for a $ listing. On the plus side, the food was tasty and plentiful, and the service staff quick. Worth stopping by if you're in the neighborhood, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
4	Great food, average Mexican dive style restaurant. Staff is friendly, service is fair on the speed index
4	I'm in Madison for the night and pulled into a strip mall near my hotel to check my email, and saw this place. Out of curiosity, I looked it up on Yelp. Normally I stay away from Mexican food in the Midwest. Even the authentic places tone it down for the gringos. I thought I might try it later on tonight. After checking into the hotel and sorting out work related issues, it was time for dinner. And this place didn't disappoint. It is more like the taquerias I visit in Texas (and in Mexico in the past). The menu is limited, and there isn't chips and salsa on the tables (it is on the menu, however). I think that is an American thing. Chips just fill me up so I can't finish my meal.I ended up with the steak burrito and a steak taco. They quickly came out and both were huge. The taco was on corn tortillas, and the meat was piled on it, along with cilantro and onions. I added a little green salsa to it and I was in heaven. I still had that monster burrito to eat.The thing was stuffed with grilled steak, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, a few beans, and what looked like queso chalco. Yumyumyum. Halfway through, I unfolded the tortilla and just started eating the innards with a fork. A young lady came in and after studying the menu, asked what I was eating. I told her it was the burrito, and she ordered one to go. The last time I had a burrito that big was when I was living in California, 15 years ago.
