5	Very good job. Ordered tires online on Monday night. Tuesday morning I have a voicemail from the store saying the tires will be in late that afternoon, and they will be ready to go for the 8:30am Friday appointment that I scheduled online. I get to the store on friday morning, and the total price in the store is slightly different (the TPMS rebuild kit was $2 less in store compared to what was quoted online). Said it would take 45 minutes, and that's exactly how long it took. The employee I dealt with in-store was very friendly and professional.Only thing i'm going to do differently next time is just use their website to find the tires I want, then go straight into the store to order them, instead of doing it online. I like knowing the total price up front. Granted, it was only a $2 difference, and $2 less at that, but still. But I definitely will be back. Also, the website makes it look like you are paying for the service online when ordering the tires. You actually just order the tires and have them delivered to the store, the pay when they install them.BTW... Google maps doesn't give you a very good location with this business (just like most places in Anthem). They are located right on the southeast corner of Anthem Way and 43rd Av / Vision Way.
4	Great Manager
5	I just bought a used car and there was a nail in the tire. I brought it here and they did a flat repair for free and got me right in. I will never go anywhere else. Great service
5	Always great service. Employees are friendly, professional and funny. They are quick and always answer your questions. They take their time with their customers.
1	Went to get a tire fixed on my Prius on 7/18/14.  The salesman tried to sell me two tires that were ridiculously expensive  and when  I was getting ready to leave the manager came over and sold me tires that were more reasonable. Then the real problem began. There were only 2 cars in the bays are there are 6 bays total.No one else was in the store and they said it wouldn't be long . They then had a big rush of customers come in AFTER me , Their cars were started first and I asked the salesman (the one I initially spoke to about purchasing tires) why and he tried to tell me they were there first.  AFTER 1 hour  later they pulled my car in . I wish I had gotten names of the salespeople there and especially the managers'  but he needs to get a better system on customer service, sales and arrival times of customers. I live in Anthem and now will go somewhere else.I felt that since I did not spend a large sum while there then I was put at the bottom of their service list.This is the first time for me to ever write a review and hopefully will be the last but I won't go the Discount Tire in Anthem again.
5	Long time customer with too many vehicles over the years to count.....these are my go to guys for quick and exceptional service!  I always rotate at 5k miles and take advantage of the free air check before any road trip.  Great employees - strong work ethic......hard to find nowadays.
