5	This place is always full and it's easy to see why: First, there is the atmosphere. Cozy, casual setting in The Islands, geared towards families and a younger crowd. Second, there is the service. Owner Vic Buono is well known among regulars, and he does his best to personally greet as many diners as possible. Oh, and then there is the food. The calzones are to die for, crispy on the outside, and full of oozing cheeses. The eggplant parmesean is also recommended, with tender frided eggplant in a rich homemade marinara sauce. Finish your meal off right with authentic Italian ice. Yum!
5	I went to Nicantoni's because I wanted to try some local flavor... we did a *ahem* Citysearch for pizza and came across Nicantoni's.  Let me tell you... from first bite... I realized what a real pizza is supposed to be!  I have not gone back to the Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns way of life.Not sure if it's changed, but the one drawback was being closed on Sunday.  Yeah, I realize all those workers need a day off... but man, there are some Sundays I sit at home and WISH I had a Nic pizza.Our order is always a large pepperoni, small cheese, and two cannoli.Excellent service, super friendly, HIGHLY recommended!!
5	When I first moved to AZ 3years ago, I too did a frantic search for real pizza.  It took about 4 different pizza joints until I found Nicantoni's and I have never eaten anything since.  Honestly, eating pizza anywhere else is a complete waste of time..... this pizza is absolutely the best, hands down.Ok, so it taste's great... how about everything else?  Well, it's prefect.  Great decor, friendly staff, and rock bottom prices.  My girl and I would get a large pepperoni pizza, side salad for 2, two drinks and walk out for under $25 with tip and have pizza leftover for 2 days.The first time I was there the owner came over and chatted it up with us, asking how we found the place, where we were from, etc... very nice guy and made us feel very welcome.Also, every 10th pizza is free!  They give you these poker chips for every pizza you buy, bring in 10 chips and get a free pizza.  Needless to say whenever friends were in town we'd go there and rack up the pizza chips.  :)You MUST get a pepperoni pizza and an Italian soda.  I'm really not sure how their pepperoni tastes so good, but it's the best I have ever tasted.
5	You want good pizza...go here.  It is the best.  Everything that I have ever eaten there is good.  The owner is a nice guy tool
4	Nicandtoni's is A-Ok in my book! You can actually get a slice of pizza all day long!!! The place is small and the closest I have seen to a regular pizza place, no flare, but good food and most of all, good pizza!!!! I give this place an A, the only reason I did not give it 5 starts is because I am from NJ and live in NYC for 4 years and to be honest, as good as it is, I still LOVE my east coast pizza! Good find, good price and most of all its a pizza joint where you can actually get SLICES that aren't $3.50 a piece!!!!!
5	I've eaten here dozens of times, the pizza is sooooooo good!! Definitely the best I've had in the E. Valley. It's really cheap too, and every time you buy a pizza they give you a Las Vegas style chip. After your 10th chip, you get a free pizza. WooHoo!!The owner is always working. He's very nice and always busting ass in the open-air kitchen putting pizzas in. The servers are all very, very friendly & make you feel at home. They expanded the restaurant and started serving beer about a year and a half ago, so there's more than the 6 or so tables they used to have. The decor is funky and painted all sorts of crazy colors. One booth has a bunch of CD's under the glass. It's all very unique and funky. I just love it, am tickled by it, and take everyone I know here.
4	Came here once in 2004.  I'd give it 5 stars based on the calzone alone!  It was my first time trying one of these, and Nicantoni's spinach calzone is still the best I've had (and I've tried quite a few.  If "calzone" is on a venue's menu, I usually order it just so that I can compare it to Nic's).  The calzone measured roughly 8"x5"x5."  Yep, that's 5 inches flush on the table below your nose!  This baby was HUGE!  I like my calzones super-crusty on the outside and not too doughy on the inside.  Nope, it wasn't doughy at all.  For reference, Chandler's NYPD's calzone is my second favorite, but it doesn't even come close to the greatness of NIcantoni's calzone.  I had to dock a star bec. I found a 2"x2" corner of a cardboard container- most likely that of a frozen spinach box.  Manager was kind enough to let me enjoy my original order and comp me a second one to take home.  Hey, it was cooked in a REALLY HOT oven, so germs on the cardboard were HARMLESS.  If the oven's temperature didn't cook them, the hydrochloric acid in my stomach would, eventually.I have to go back and get my calzone fix.  Very soon.
4	I tried this place based on the reviews I read and I really liked it. Its was kinda busy but we were taken care of pretty quickly. We got the cheese sticks as an appetizer and they were the best that I have had. We ordered the Sicilian pizza not knowing that it was the size of a refridgerator. We could only eat like a pieces and a half each and we were full and had leftovers for 2 days and it was only like $14. This place is a deal and it is great pizza.
3	I called for pick up a few minuets before they opened and they gladly took my order.If you go to their website you can print a coupon for your first order. They also give you a token for every pizza you order and once you collect 10 you get a free pie. I ordered a large with spinach, olives, garlic and mushrooms. The crust and sauce are very good! The mushrooms are fresh. The spinach seemed to be frozen (I would not get it again). The black olives were normal and the garlic was from jar, but still tasty. The lunch specials look good and they have a bar inside the restaurant. This place is good and convenient. I will be returning.
4	Yummmmyyy! The pizza is really really good. The crust is cooked perfectly and the sauce is really delicious and toppings were good. Finally I found a good pizza joint in east valley. I tried Oregano's pizza, Boston's, and others and none compare to this place. We also got the fried zucchini, which was not good and won't get it again. The breading was all soggy and mushy. We also got the caesar salad, which had the perfect dressing! The prices were so reasonable too....their small pizza is only $9 and it's the size of a large pizza from Papa John's. We left with 2 huge slices to take home. They also serve classic Italian pasta dishes like Chicken parmesan for $8 or spagetti and meatballs for $6!  We will definitely return to this pizza joint again and again.
4	4.5 stars, if that were an option...Owner and staff are friendly, food is delicious, and portions are huge! Bonus: prices are cheap too. We'll for sure be going back!
4	1/2 & 1/2 does not equal 2 at Nicantoni's Pizza.We were looking for a local pizza place that had a larger menu with such things as Chicken Parm.  I went on Yelp and found Nicantoni's reasonably close.  I saw that Aileen had reviewed it favorably so that carried some credibility.We went and ate at the restaurant.  They have a funky atmosphere and friendly staff.  Working so far.We shared a pie and my wife ordered the chicken parm.  It looked good and came with a nice side of spaghetti.  The pizza was tasty with a nice thin crust.  It was slightly soggy in the middle but in fairness we had lots of toppings.  I appreciate that they charge appropriately for toppings.  So if you order 1/2 onion and the other 1/2 mushroom it counts as 1 topping not 2 as many pizza places charge.They also carry limited beer and wine which is another plus.
4	Very friendly service, casual cool atmosphere and great food! I came with a party of 7 including kids and we felt very comfortable and welcome, from the get go the waitress was super sweet and funny, she gave us suggestions on the menu and a little background about the place which made us feel like we were part of the family, it was nice, she did that with everybody.  Loved all the decor, by coincidence we went on 9/11 and sat at the 9/11 memorial table. They let their customers leave a mark on their walls, who couldn't love a place that lets you write on the walls? The owner was actually in the kitchen cooking and gave us a friendly wave when we left.  Now about the food, we started with one of their huge Greek Salads which was really good, good portions of feta, olives and peppers. For dinner I couldn't decide between one of their dinners or pizza so I got both, don't judge me  =P  You can order a slice for just $2.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs which was good, not the best I've ever had but good, the portions were huge and it came with a good size side of garlic bread. I had a slice of their white pizza which I actually loved, they have awesome pizza that definitely compares to what I've had in New York. I tasted their eggplant parm and chicken parm off my family's plates and they were actually really really good, especially for the price and came with huge sides of spaghetti. I had a drink called a Nice based on our waitresses recommendation, it's an Italian Ice drink with vodka, creme and a flavored syrup, I picked orange. It was good, really strong, they didn't scrimp on the alcohol, I should add a fifth star for that alone =) They also serve wine and beer.I can't decide which I love more,  the ambience, the waitress or the pizza... either way I will definitely be back for all =)
5	Great Pizza. Anytime we have friends over we either go to eat there or pick up from there. Try his subs as well as the pizza. All around great place for a casual night out. Keep up the genuine personality Victor.
5	Great pizza, creative environment. Good  service overall. Truly massive portions. Would come in again!
5	What can I say? This is a great local pizza place with good service, great slices & local beer on tap! The place looks like a true NYC pizza joint & the pizza is even better! Try the Sausage rolls & Santan Brewing Co. Devils Ale. The Meatball hoagie is pretty good as well and your food comes out in no time flat! I highly recommend this great little local pizza place. A Hidden Gem!
5	UPDATE: I'm so excited to say this! BEST SICILIAN PIZZA I EVER TASTED!   This little Gilbert AZ. pizza place gets it righht evey time.  I did peperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms & onions.  You just have to try this place & this pizza.  YAY!!!!
4	It figures it would take me 7 yrs before I go to the empty strip mall down the steet, right before I move out of the neighborhood to try this place.  IT'S GOOD.  Got a red pizza with sausage with a great fennel taste and mushrooms.  The crust... geez, it's good.  Definitely better than Rosati's and a few others in the area...
3	I was looking for a local favorite here in Gilbert and came upon Nicantoni's, from reading previous reviews I decided to try it tonight. We ordered a Sicilian pizza and it was very very delicious, however the service was absolutely horrible. Our waitress (thin, dark long hair) messed up on our order which we waited 25mins for and had to wait an additional 25mins to get it fixed. We did not receive a single apology for the mess up at all. So all in all the pizza was great but next time we will definitely do a pickup instead of a dine in.
5	So, this time I understand the hype... I ordered the Tree Cheese pizza to go and called in early and they had it pipping hot at our arranged pick up time. The flavor of this pizza is outstanding. I think the best pizza here is just cheese and no other toppings. Get it!
5	Tree Cheese Clam Sauce Pizza.Haven't tried one of those yet?  Make today that day.The pizza here is top notch.  I've tried about half the menu and I haven't yet encountered an item I didn't like.  They have real deal pizza.. they make it the way pizza is supposed to be made.  They have a proven method, which is evident by the consistency of the quality of their food.I've gone to more expensive, fancier pizza places, and have discovered that a couple of those places here are "hit or miss".  At Nicantoni's, you  don't have to worry about that.  They hit the bullseye every time.I recommend the Antipasto Salad.They have these "wings" that are made of pork.  it's not on the online menu yet, but believe me, when the first person at our table took a bite of it, it damn near caused a feeding frenzy.  It's so tasty and tender.The service is awesome.  The wait staff takes care of their business.There's a vibrant and cool atmosphere at Nicantoni's.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I ordered the Tree Cheese pizza half with pepperoni /half sausage came out pipping hot to our table. The service very attentive and helpful.So far I think it the best NY style pizza in AZ so far that I had. I least in the outlining areas. I have not been downtown yet.
2	My daughter and I went there on Saturday for a late afternoon/early evening dinner.    The place is absolutely adorable, the servers were friendly, accomodating and very helpful.  Man, I thought what a great little place, so glad I bought this groupon!  Wasn't really in the mood for pizza, so I got a calzone with Ham, cheese, onions and tomatoes.  Megan got a meatball sub.  We both got salads that came with bread.  Salads were great, and we were off to a great start.  Then we received our food.  Megan's sub was ok, but my calzone was just flat out nasty.  The crust was about an 1/8 of an inch thick and like overdone pie crust, hard and dark brown.  When I got it, while the waitress was standing there, I actually knocked on it and you could hear the knock and the crust didn't give at all, it was that overdone.  So I think to myself, I can't eat that sh__, I'll just eat the filling.  I don't know what kind of cheese was in there, but it was nasty too, way too many olives and onions and hardly any ham.  I kept trying to dig out something good, but there wasn't much in there.   So we paid, I took it home, ended up throwing it in the dumpster.  So off we went to the grocery store for a major grocery shopping trip.  I was using coupons, as I am attempting to save money like those extreme couponers,  and I'm not very good at it, so we were there for a while.  And what do you know, I start getting upset to my stomach and Megan is actually breaking out into a cold sweat and has to sit down halfway into our shop.   The only reason I am giving this two stars is the service was so good.   Otherwise it would get one.  I would give the food a minus 3 if I could, it was that nasty.   Glad the pizza is good, according to the other reviews, but I won't be back.  Gross.
4	Ok so I'm from NY which is the home of THE best pizza on the planet and I have to say I LOVE Nicantoni's pizza!! This is the closest to NY pizza I've come to in 10 years living  in AZ - my fave is the regular cheese pizza and also the cheese calzone is just heavenly !! The prices are great and even though the atmosphere reminds me of an old NYC night club that needs updating, I enjoy going there or taking it home - you gotta love it .......................'fuggetaboutit!
3	I've had a few slices of Nicantoni's over the years and really liked it. However, this week was the first time I've ever eaten inside the restaurant.I liked the neighborhood bar atmosphere. My husband was impressed with their liquor selection at the bar, and he enojyed a couple Peronis on draft.The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and friendly. We ordered a small pepperoni and a specialty pizza called a bruschezza which was described as a pizza with a bruschetta twist.The pepperoni was very good per my meat-eating husband. Good crust, tasty sauce, similiar to my impression in the past.The brushezza, however, completely missed the mark. It was executed very poorly. What I imagined the bruschezza to be is a regular cheese pizza topped with marinated tomatoes, oil, possibly balsamic, and basil after it was taken out of the oven. What we got was a crust that was blind-baked with bits of garlic. Then it was removed from the oven and topped with cold tomatoes seasoned with salt and pepper. That's it! My stomach sank when I saw the pizza. A side of marinara saved the pizza from being a total disaster.We won't be coming back. I can make a better pizza at home.
2	First... the service here is great!  Hometown NY atmosphere, friendly staff.But the food... just OK.  Our salads were.. just ok. We ordered two heros.  The chicken parm had generous portions, but the bread was old, kind of chewy like they microwaved it.The eggplant parm was mushy and was on the same hero but this one was very hard and dry.  I actually pulled the eggplant out, tried to scoop out some soft bread inside and left the rest of the roll.  The pointed ends of my hero were so hard that I had trouble breaking them off.
2	Service was great.  Food was just Ok.  Had a Groupon and was excited to try it based on the reviews here.  Nothing was bad, just not anything that great that would make me want to go back over many other pizza places in the area.
3	I went here for lunch today with my supervisor and it was alright. The restaurant is decorated in an interesting way, with almost graffiti on the walls....it's pretty neat looking. They have good lunch specials, I had soup and a slice of pizza for 6.50. The minestrone soup was good, it had a lot of vegetables and was a good portion size. The pizza, in my opinion, was somewhat bland. I would come back here to get a lunch special again for convenience and price, but I wouldn't drive all the way out there on a special trip just to get their food.
5	Place was great! Food was served hot and fresh. Had a white pizza and it was soo good. Staff was awesome! You can even sign your name on the wall. I will be back.  Don't forget to order an Italian soda.
2	Not a fan! I've ate here before but don't remember it being to bad so my boyfriend and I decided to try it again. But I was not pleased. We waited over 20 mins for our food. Which wasn't the best. I had the calzone and it was so hard and over cooked that I couldn't even finish it all. So I tried the pizza my boyfriend ordered and I've had better. The server was nice and checked on us often. Just wasn't happy with the food.
5	What? No reviews yet? Can't believe it. Great pizza. Very cool staff (hot too). The owner always present, making sure the customers are happy. Love the tap beer choices. Good music - got turned on to old Fleetwood Mac blues - pre Buckingham-Nicks. Pure gold. No delivery but it's a really cool place to hang out in.
4	I found this place last week and I've been in three times so far.  Having just arrived from NYC, I was looking for decent slice and was sorely disappointed at other places with "NY" in the name.  The slices here are the closest to home that I've found.  I order them well-done so the crust is extra crispy.  On top of the great food and service, the happy hour features $ 2.00 Bud light so for $10.00 you get full and happy.  Try it.
2	Hello again Az foodies.....I hope you are enjoying this beautiful Arizona weather :)In my quest to find good pizza in my area I decided that I will have to go beyond the places that deliver....which are few pickins....and go to an actual pizza place.Nicantoni's is pretty close, so we stopped by and found the place to be small yet very cute.  The girl who took our order was super friendly and the smells reminded me of those little N.Y pizza joynts.I ordered a small (6 nice size slices) and made it a point to ask for "EASY SAUCE" and I also requested that they put the cheese all the way to the crust, so  we can enjoy the cheese  all the way down to the crust.15 minutes later we picked up our pipping hot pizza and couldnt wait to experience what we hope would be a good pizza......We opened the box and alas..... the cheese covered about 3/4 of the slices and the sauce was ample....now if you recall, I asked for EASY SAUCE.Now, we enjoy a little grease on our pizza but when you pick up a slice and fold it over and the grease saturates an entire napkin(the thicker napkins, not the little one ply),,, I would have to say ..... thats just a wee bit too much grease!The first 3 bites had nice flavor, then came that 4th bite and along with the bite what was left of the cheese.That left a 1/4 of the slice, sitting there with all that sauce and  crust and NO toppings.So, I tossed that and on to another slice....same thing, a few bites and thats it for the toppings.Although I am from Chicago and enjoy pan pizza and the Chicago squares...I also visited N.Y often enough that I love their pizza as well.Would I go back?  Probably not, but if I did I will make sure I tell them AGAIN exactly what I want and take my chances.They do give you a token with each pizza and after 10 of them you get a free pizza, which is a nice gimick.....btw..... anyone out there want my token?  I dont think we will be there enough to ever get our freebie.So as I always say...well usually always....go...try...see what you think.And until you do....Bon Appetite'
3	Nice little pizza joint. Good pizza but only so so wine. Full bar so beer and mixed drinks available.  Don't go in with high expectations but enjoy the pizza and your company.
4	Server recommended the red clam pizza sauce for our pepperoni pizza. Surprisingly delicious; distinct without being overpowering. If I had only ordered the pizza, I would have gave 5 stars. Changed to 4 stars only because the antipasti ingredients did not feel very authentic or traditional. More of an Olive Garden Italian salad (or what I imagine Olive Garden sells as an Italian salad).On every 4th Friday, they host a classic car meetup with the help of Cutthroat Customs. Get there earlier, though, most of the cars seemed to be cleared out by 8:30 PM.Happy hour is from 2 to 6.
4	Funky little Pizza Joint, I like the look and feel inside. Service was good.Worst tasting chicken wings I ever ate, just nasty. (You almost have to order them just for the laugh)They bake them ... bake them ... REALLY! Pricing is just stupid, no combo specials, $16 for a small pizza and $2 for every ingredient ... including simple veggies. I can see that for the meats but the veggies on a small pizza ... PLEASE! The sausage is nasty tasting too .... grow up and make your own!The owners need to get a grip on the menu, pricing, quality control, and for gods sake register for chicken wing school.Ok so why I am still giving this place 4 stars ...................The Pizza tastes great, it really does! One of the best in town.Stick to cold beer, a two ingredient pizza ... kick back an enjoy!Peace!
5	We love this place we are from new york and it's not new york pizza but it's better then 95 percent of the pizza joints in Arizona plus when you order pies of pizza you get tokens once you get ten tokens it gets you a free pizza so yeah not the best ever but still good enough to go back and earn that free pie
5	Love this place!  Great pizza and good service!  The "Tre Cheese" is great and has not changed since we started going here 8 years ago.  Highly recommend swinging by!
4	We need to come here more often. I say that each time I go but somehow end up at Gilbert Pizza when the mood strikes. The thing that sets Nincantonis's apart is the fabulous super thin but crispy crust. A pizza is only as good as the gravy (sauce) and that too excels. I appreciate the sausage is the real deal and not frozen bullets like some pizza joints.Yeah, we need to come here more often.
4	Great food my only complaint will be the booths are very small.  If you have a medium sized belly it will be resting on the table.
5	I'm from jersey and been out here for the last 10 years. The one thing I struggle with is finding good authentic food rather than chain restaurants. I have been on a journey to find great pizza and bagels that remind me of back home. Venezia's used to be my go to as it was the closest I could find to ny style. But then we tried Nicantoni's and haven't been back to Venezia's since. Nicantoni's reminds me of the family owned pizza joint in my hometown which I claim to have the best pizza. Now if I could only find a bagel joint that does the same I would be in heaven. My only suggestion for Nicantoni's would be to add a small 10 in gluten free pizza to their menu. My son is gluten sensitive and we have to buy frozen specialty pizzas from the store so he is not left out of our pizza Friday. Most pizza places (and restaurants in general) are staring to cater to gluten sensitivity.  I'm sure there are many more customers that would love to see a gluten free pie. Great job Nicantoni's!  You have restored my faith that it is possible to find good food from back east in AZ!!!
4	This is New York style pizza! The large pizza sure is large. Service was great and we can't wait to eat there again! Definitely a great value!
3	Pizza was good just wish there crust was a little thinner and crisper would have been much better
5	My husband and I get pizza from Nic's once a week.  This is the only pizza we have found to be really tasty in the remotely nearby area.  We both have had some good NYC pizza and agree this is as close as you can get in out here. It is the kind of pizza that has a thinnish crust, you can properly hold, folded in one hand (NY style). We have only been in Arizona close to two years, so maybe take that with a grain of salt, but non-natives have taste buds too!  My husband thinks the wings are the best (i'm vegetarian so I cannot confirm nor deny, but they sure look good!).  The lady who owns/ runs it with her son are both so nice and seem like great people.  They are always very friendly and nice to us.  I recommend giving them a go!
5	What a find!  Been searching for a great east coast-style pizza since moving to the east valley in 2011 and we've found it in Nicantoni's.  Been past the place a thousand times but because the center is so dilapidated we've never felt compelled to go in.  Our BAD...this little pizzeria is truly authentic and amazing!  We loved the pizza and loved the sausage rolls,  Don't let the dreary exterior of the center fool you...this place is for real.
4	Nice little place with great service. Pizza was good. Will go down the menu and give it a go.
5	This is the best and only place I get pizza! I brought my parents in while they were visiting from NJ and they were very impressed..said it tasted like back home. This is why I come here..and they are consistent. Fabulous pizza and many rave about the sausage rolls. Highly recommend!!!!
5	This review is one from my husband. He went the other night for a beer. Said he walked in and there were only a couple people in there, so we decided to sit at the bar. He ordered his drink and began chatting with the bartender. Before he knew it he was having a discussion with the owner. He was impressed with how nice all the employees were and that they do happy hour all day. We're having a date night next week with our other family friends and this is where well be going! So excited to be so close to such a great place. Good job with the basics guys. Some places forget about the customer seevice!
