5	Dr Josh and Dr Jenna are absolutely amazing. I have been going to chiropractors since I was 16 and by far Dr Josh is the best. He knows the body like no other. I use him as my primary care for any issues first ad then go to doctor if Dr Josh can't resolve it. I have not been to a regular physician in years. I see Dr Josh weekly for maintenance due to extreme use of my body with massage. Do yourself a favor and know what your spine looks like. Be in total health with chiropractic. Go see SCP Chiropractic.
5	I've been going to SCP and have known Dr. Josh Haggard for at least 10 years now.  Unfortunately my wife apparently had a magnet on her bumper for idiots and that's how we started going to SCP.  Sometimes we go in for an easy stretch, crackle and pop and then an immediate feeling of total relaxation.  Then others there's the strange feeling that he is in need to put you through some serious pain just to see how much you can take.  But for every time we walk out it's never without the pain being completely gone or drastically reduced.My wife had broken here elbow a few years back and the ER docs were adamant about her going in to the OR to have the pain alleviated.  Went to Dr. Josh the next day for biannual maintenance and my wife explained the whole story, the next thing I see is her gritting her teeth while Dr. Josh is moving her elbow ever so slightly but violently back and forth 90* to what it normally bends!  The results justify the means, to this day her elbow has never given her any problems and she stayed away from meds and anesthesia from an unnecessary operation.Bottom line is SCP can help you so just do it and give them a visit!
5	Absolutely the best Chiropractic services I've ever experienced!  Dr. Josh and Dr. Jenna are so in tune with the workings of the body and their patented centered approach to practice is unparalleled.
5	I've been to a variety of chiropractors since being in a car accident in 2004. I've also worked with physical therapists to address painful or nagging trouble areas.  Dr. Josh was the first to explain what he was doing, and why. He prescribed exercises and traction to help realign areas that I am responsible for doing at home. I go once a week to twice a month, depending on dance/exercise/housework-related injuries for adjustment. I'm feeling the healthiest and pain-free I've been in a long time. Since visiting Dr. Josh in August, I've met many people who say he's done wonders in their lives. After traction, I get adjusted on a table. Then it's ice. Whatever the trouble area its swaddled in ice. Roll on the table for 10 minutes. I appreciate the staff's attention to detail, and commitment to my health.
5	Awesome!!   Dr. Josh spends ample time explaining everything to his patients, and has extensive knowledge.  This is not a 2 minute back crack, we will see you back kind of office.  LOVE the ice therapy before and after my sessions.
