2	Can i just say - WEIRDEST EXPERIENCE EVERfirst of all - 3 hours for a pedicure ? we waited 45 mins with our feet in the water - WHEN WE HAD AN APPOINTMENT !Taking a walk in before an appointment is NOT okay in my book.The old lady Vivian who did my pedicure was VERY nice - but alittle too old and crazy for my liking ! she would put the gel light on my toes and not turn it on! i reminded her like 3 times!btw - 35$ for a gel pedicure is not 40% off . thats normal price for any salon. if your going to promote a discount dont upcharge so much you make the money back..on a high note - it was a very clean salon!
4	Went their for the first time today.  Beautiful shop.  Anna did a great job on my pedi. Would have given 5 stars had I received the neck and shoulder massage that was offered with my package. I will try them again I'm sure.
1	Most of the staff is rude and constantly lies to try to upcharge you. They also are very rude about paying with a card and physically asked me to write a check so they didnt have to pay the merchant fee.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!  LIARS, LIARS, LIARS!  BAIT and SWITCH!  After having a great gel manicure by Lynn the week before, I told my mom to call and make an appointment b/c they were offering 40% off all services due to Pro Nails by Lynn being a new business.  When mom called and spoke to Lynn she said they were no longer offering the 40% but were now offering a 15% off "Back to School" special.  I then called 15 mins later to ask Lynn if she would still honor the 40% due to my mom being a referral from me.  She said no, and that she could only do 15% off.  So I scheduled an appointment for mom the next day at noon b/c Lynn was not available earlier that morning due to taking her children to the dentist.  I gave Lynn mom's name and that was it, appointment made. So the next day my mom showed up for her appointment and this is where the DISHONESTY begins!  Lynn tells my mom that the back to school special was only for students with student ID's. Which is funny b/c she never bothered to mention that on either phone call w/ both of us the day prior.  So mom calls me and I get on the phone with Lynn. I was very direct w/ her and said you'd better honor your word or mom will go elsewhere. She agreed to the 15%. I was disturbed by the fact she lied and denied having a conversation with me just the day before, but I got over it, and went about my day.  Mom called after her appt to tell me Lynn had pawned her off on another nail tech instead of doing it herself. I had specifically made the appointment with Lynn because she had done such a great job w/ my nails. LYNN KNEW FULL WELL THAT SHE WAS SUPPOSED TO DO MOM'S NAILS!  SHE WAS THE ONE THAT MADE THE APPT FOR NOON B/C SHE WASN'T AVAILABLE EARLIER DUE TO BEING AT THE DENTIST WITH HER KIDS!!!  So when mom started to describe what the other nail tech did(and DIDN'T do) with her nails, I immediately knew she had been screwed!  Then to top it all off, LYNN didn't even give my mom a full 15% off!  She overcharged her by $.45, which isn't a big deal in terms of the $, but it is the principal of the matter!  SO DISHONEST!!  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO ELSEWHERE!
5	Had a great experience! Wonderful pedicure with a shoulder message too! Kevin is awesome. One of my finger nails had chipped and they fixed it for free. If you are looking for a friendly staff, great pedicure chairs and better than average nail products... This place is for you. Lynn does a wonderful job!
5	This salon is friendly and very professional.  They are fast with a fill but not once sanded my flesh like other salons in the area.  I have been there 3 times for fills and pedicures.  My husband was very pleased with the pedicure.  They take their time so we walk out of there feeling a pampered as can be.  This salon is clean and refreshing.I have recommended this place to many of my friends and they agree that this is a wonderful addition to the Cave Creek area.  Two thumbs up....
4	Very friendly service, decent prices ($18 for a regular fill), very clean and pretty inside.  Owner Lynn does a great job with nails but sometimes appears distracted by what's going on around her.  Overall, a very nice neighborhood salon and worth a visit. Highly recommend!
4	It is a beautiful salon, the environment was very relaxing and I appreciated the extensive color choices for gel nails.  It was great having the LED lights instead of the UV!There is a small discount if you pay in cash and there is a clear sign on the check-in/out counter about the merchant fee and cash preference.  Very standard messaging  in many salons.With an appointment, Lynn was not there yet so another technician filed and wrapped my nails, by that time, Lynn arrived - I really appreciated not having to sit around wasting my time.I want to go back for a pedi - the chairs looked very comfortable and I noticed they used the disposable liners.
5	Love this place!! Very clean!! The massage is Awsome and affordable you will be happy with the great customer service at Pro Nails by Lynn in Cave Creek.
5	Absolutely love this place!!!! Best pedicures and nail services at great prices! I won't go anywhere else!!!
5	What a full service salon. Staff very friendly and accommodating. Fabulously clean!!!! Unique, in many ways to include child friendly environment; room to play and chairs in youth sizes. Massaging chairs were really nice and  effective.
5	There are so many nail salons nearby to choose from. Pro Nails by Lynn is the very best choice by far. The salon is warm and inviting, spotlessly clean, with new chairs and amazing natural products. Lynn is a true professional and it's obvious she truly cares about her customers and staff. Everyone that works there is smiling, well trained and never in a hurry. If you go, ask for the Super Delux Pedi, it includes a lemon zest massage using real lemons! For the best technician, ask for Kim!! Overall, amazing!
1	The Worst customer service I have ever experienced! After returning 2 days after my manicure peeled off I ended up taking my own polish off and leaving as I was condescended to by women who don't understand what customer service is.Run away!
