4	Yeah, the clothes in here are definitely wacky, but I think Scotland needs more colour in its life, so I'd be damn happy if more people shopped here. The colour is to counterbalance the general grey demeanour of the sky, of course. I've gone in here more than a few times. Always with the intention of not buying anything. And so far, I've been successful. This is not to say I don't want to. I do, oh I really do. The hippie I keep repressed in my clothes-heart likes knitwear, a lot. But I'm strict with it. Most of the time. When it demands money from me, anyway.But Joyce Forsyth is the kinda shop you should go into anyway. Because it's interesting. There's a knitting machine on site. I'm sure there's a more accurate term than knitting machine, but that's what the device seems to do, so, let's just leave it at that. And you can see the woman knitting away at it if you walk in at the right moment.They sell loads and loads of knitwear, from hats to gloves to socks to coats to jumpers to etc etc, but all above the price-range I would've liked.
3	My 81 year old neighbour would adore Joyce Forsyth. A cute boutique in the Old Town, JF sells flamboyent and dramatic knitwear for extroverts and retired actresses. We're talking bright blue and canary yellow box jackets, mustard and green patterned jumpers, turquoise floaty cardigans and flared jackets the colour of peacock feathers. Being completely honest, I imagine 99% of customers wouldn't have the nerve or brassneck to wear any of them. My neighbour on the other hand would probably put them together as a Joseph and His Technicoloured Dream Coat style ensemble. Even she would draw a line at the shetland snoods though!
5	My husband brought me a wonderful jumper in raspberry and gold stripes with a flared hem (one size fits all) and a matching snood,in 2004 after we had both visited Edinburgh. I adore this jumper, it is fabulously warm and is easily dressed up although I tend to wear it with jeans. I love all Joyces knitwear and would wear any of it at any time. It makes a tremendous statement, you dont need to carry it off as each piece is so individual and speaks for itself. I am also the proud owner of a wonderful pull on hat which hangs right down ones back with a bobble on the end. Colourway blue/green. So, when its freezing and windy, one can wrap the knit round the neck, (scarf), or for more style pull on the hat and wrap the rest round it, turban like. A great idea and immensly practical. One day Ishould love a flared coat. I live in Cambridgeshire, England and my Joyce Forsythes are much admired. So come on everybody, we should be wearing these bright and beautiful colours which must surely never fail to lift the spirits even under the grey skies of Edinburgh!Judith Andrews
