5	5 of us dined here in early July and had a delightful evening. The service was caring and attentive but not intrusive and the food was prepared with love. The Chefs special appetizers, Pici Pasta, Margherita Pizza and Flourless Chocolate Cake were all delicious!  Our server Charlotte and the manager Danielle also made wine recommendations that paired wonderfully with the food.
3	Great gnocchi special recommended by our wonderful server. Others in our party had the lasagna, quite uneventful, lacking flavor. Overall wonderful experience. Well be back.
5	Just had another delicious dinner at Trattoria Bianco.Passing  by the kitchen window before we went in, we saw the desserts, and decadently decided to skip salad to have room for cake. for starters, we shared  the polenta and sausage, The polenta was creamy, but had enough body to carry the slightly spicy sausage. The lasagna verde was thin layers of pasta and cheese on a bed of eggplant ragu, light enough to enjoy on a 104 degree day. All I can say about my husband's Pappardelle Bolognese was he finished the last  drop of sauce by soaking it up with the perfectly crusty bread.The  dessert special, chocolate chiffon cake , was covered with a layer of rich chocolatey icing and stuffed with a dark creamy ganache . My husband asked our server why he brought me a fork. He then ordered another slice to go.Just  a reminder to chef John, you promised to email me the recipe.  On our way out we ran into Chris and his adorable wife. How does she stay so thin?
5	This hidden gem is a slice of Italian delight. The distinctly different menu and low key atmosphere will keep me coming back. Pici, pappardelle, meatballs... Bianco is a treat.
4	Formerly known as "Italian Restaurant" this is the only Italian restaurant I will go to in the valley.  I'm sure there is some very nice Italian at other restaurants, but this is mine.Always an authentic dining experience, never overwhelmed with pasta and always served delicious homemade favourites.  This is my favourite local Italian family to support.  Speaking of, I think it's time for another visit. :)
4	Trattoria Bianco is back to one restaurant that serves both pizza and other delights.  This review is not so much about the food or the service--but an attitude.  I did a large party of 12 on a Friday night--I attempted to make the reservation almost a month ago not by calling but actually by going to the restaurant.  At the time I thought we were going to be a party of 16--if you are over the magic number of 15--you have to do a pre planned meal and it must be at least $30 per person--I had offered to do a pre planned menu--but did not want to be at a $30 per person price point--dealing with all the machinations around the rules--was difficult at best--and made me almost walk away and find someplace else.Anyway as it turns out--we were a party of 12--6 or 7 of us got there early and they would not seat us until all the party was there -- one of my family members (male) asked to see the manager and it was only through this second intervention-that  we were able to sit at our table at 5:45 instead of 6.  I love this restaurant--I love the  food as did everyone in the party.  Our server was terrific.  Our bill was very close to $500 and for that--it would be so much nicer to have felt that we were welcomed instead of having all these little rules and machinations.  I know if we had not been there --that they would have filled the table, I get that, but I guess I want to feel this is my neighborhood restaurant where I can bring friends and family for a celebration or just a great evening and be welcomed to enjoy the hospitality of Chris Bianco's restaurant.  Instead the evening was colored by the attitude that came from the person at the door and the manager--who made a parting shot at my family member about the favor they had done us by seating the party 15 minutes early. I guess it just makes me sad.
2	Subdued, comfortable dining room, arrogant servers and mediocre pasta. Yep. I said it! Started the meal with stale bread a 20 min wait for beverages. The olive oil was tasty but I'm assuming the guys in the back had nothing to do with that. Mind you it was 5pm on a Wednesday. When our server did bring drinks I mentioned this was our first time and we looked forward to some authentic pasta. He stared into my eyes, awkwardly, and said, "Yep, were kind of the real deal". I knew then we were in for it. The pizza was fine but the pappardelle with bolognese was umm.. Not amazing. It wasn't the pasta itself rather the sauce that turned me off. Bland, slightly tomatoey and vaguely creamy with a smattering of coarsely ground meat. Just not what I know Bolognese to be. In my world it's deep red and heavy on pancetta, ground veal or pork and beef with just enough tomato to make everything come together. They missed the target. Sorry guys. If you want a decent pizza give it a shot or just find a Grimaldi's, La Bocca or Isa's. Have I been harsh? Maybe, but I'm tired of these trendy spots telling me what the "Real Deal" is. Thanks but no thanks. Next time I want good pasta I'm staying home.
