2	An ok car wash.  I went here after getting a good groupon deal.  It's an automatic car wash, and frankly didn't clean DH's car all that well.  I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it.
1	BEWARE!! This car wash damaged my 2008 Yukon Denali . Spoke with one of the owners, Justin, and he refused to work with me to get the damaged piece repainted. Do not believe that the "We Are Responsible" sign out in front means anything. The brushes are very rough on the vehicle. If you have a dark colored vehicle i would not use this car wash, go to a touchless.
1	Terrible customer service.  Have been going here for many years and will not return.
3	Bottom line, my jeep is clean. All the caked on mud and glory from this weekend's fishing trip washed away. But at what cost? $15 to be exact, and fear. Yes my car is clean, but how could anything not be clean after going through this place?! It's the most aggressive car wash I've ever experienced. No noticeable damage caused to my paint so I guess it's okay. However, DO NOT go in here with a traditional, non-retractable antennae or you will not once, but twice watch in horror as you antennae get's bent nearly horizontal and then disappears into the brush. How it survived it beyond me. All that aside, for the price, I feel like my car is no more clean and polished than those $7 laser washes which also do under carriage cleaning. That's why only three stars. Too much hype going on here. More money for same results? No thanks.
2	Went to use one of their vacuum machines.  It could not even pick up some pieces of pop-corn off the floor.  Gave up after about 30 seconds of trying.  Forget about getting into any cracks.  Very little suction, although air was flowing.  Did not feel like waiting in line to get my money back or risking another dollar at another machine, so I ended up going back home and using my dyson.  Should have just done that to start with.
4	The line moved pretty fast. The cashier, Ryan, was a sweetheart. I was apprehensive about the price but after he explained the promotions, I'll be going back. And my car was shining afterwards! I do miss the towel drying that came with the price of my car wash.
