4	Great place to live.  It's real close to a Fry's for groceries and to the Fiesta Mall for shopping and random other things.  Also, close to the 60 so it's very convenient to get to other places quick.  When I lived here (2008/2009) I had very little problems, the management was always friendly and tried to get maintenance done as soon as possible.The only reason I did not continue living here was because I was moving to another state.
1	I vacillate between 1 and 2 stars, but after writing this, I am pretty certain I wouldn't live here if FallOut were really real. My boyfriend and I moved to Villa Fiesta August of 2010, and signed a 14-month lease, which was what sealed our signing the lease, at $508/month for 750 sq. ft. we couldn't turn it down. Considering the rent, the property was nice, and the leasing agents were friendly.Once we moved in, the bad dream started and then slowly became a pretty terrible nightmare. On the third floor, we expected to live in relative quiet, largely because no one would be tromping like an elephant over our heads. Sadly, it was much worse than that. Our neighbor underneath blasted metal at 6 or 7am (it varied), so loudly it would wake me up, and she did the same late at night. After reporting her to management several times, nothing was done about it. I talked to her, and she refused to lower the volume. Mind you, it wasn't just a hum of sound, I could hear Megadeath lyrics and sing along with them, and I could feel the bass vibrations through the floor and into my mattress. Absolutely unnecessary.Our next-door neighbors are fairly nice people, always friendly and polite. However, their beer cans and cigarette containers blow onto our porch (divided by a wall) frequently, and they play their television so loud that I can hear it in the shower on the opposite side of the apartment. I swear the guy deals drugs, as there are new people in and out all the time at all hours of day, and tons of vacuuming at 6 or 7 am. And the husband and wife (now exes) argued all times of day, screaming and yelling over their screaming child. Reporting them to management for violations of quiet hours was a joke, nothing was done.When we moved in, the refrigerator smelled like several things had died and rotted in there. It took a near miracle to get a new fridge. Our hot water heater didn't work properly, a ceiling light was nonfunctional, and after 3 requests for maintenance they were never fixed. Our shower leaked, no maintenance response. It took 3 days for our leaking dishwasher to be fixed, 1 week to get a new microwave since ours broke shortly after move-in.  Car thefts, break-ins, noisy neighbors, and unresponsive management and maintenance make this place a horrible disaster of an apartment complex. The WORST part of all: they stopped spraying the complex for pests a few months ago, and since then we have had a massive roach infestation, and management hasn't done anything about it. ABSOLUTELY GROSS. When you go into your white-glove clean kitchen at 2 am to get a glass of water, and when you open the fridge and the light comes on there are scatters of little bug feet across the counters, you know it's time to leave. I would advise you stay away from this place, even with rent at $508.
5	I love living here. The staff are fabulous! Everything is very well maintained. I had a dripping faucet yesterday. Staff lives on site, so no waiting for repairs! The maintenance man that came out was amazing. I have a dog I rescued that had been badly abused,she doesn't trust anyone but my family. He was great with her. The only problem I've had is that a few of the neighbors, or their friends insist on taking two of the free parking at a time. This can limit parking if you have a second car. I rented long distance, sight unseen. I was relocating from another state. Renee and the girls took good care of me and made sure everything was easy and as promised. Amazing!
1	If you enjoy a one-off (not corporate) run down apartment complex in the middle of the ghetto, by all means, rent an "apartment" at Villa Fiesta.With no lease buyout option like all real apartment complexes have, this should already indicate that you're in for a real TREAT.Their property manager has a whopping three years of experience as a leasing agent (read:  $12 an hour paper pusher) and now she runs a WHOLE ghetto all by herself.  Impressive.DF signed a 14-month lease and resided here for less than 90 days total.  Always paid rent on time, no noise complaints, no issues.  Signed a pet agreement, paid $300 deposit, and had the pet die within 30 days of moving in.Decided to move out and continue paying rent until they re-rented (they let a sex offender move into the complex and DF has a 3-year-old son).   Upon move out the apartment was professionally cleaned, any "pet damages" were repaired, and one stain was left on the "one year old" carpet that had nothing to do with a pet.Upon contacting the property manager we were told that $900 was owed for the carpet (regardless of condition because supposedly in the lease it says this must be paid upon move-out - it does not, I can read) and that the "two free months" had to be paid back immediately in addition to continuing to pay rent until re-rented.We tried to negotiate with her (you know, be reasonable) and they were unwavering on carpet replacement fees (despite a $300 pet deposit that is non-refundable for an animal that died within 30 days - she gave us zero credit for it) as well as their other ridiculous fees, although they were losing out on ZERO money if we continued to pay rent until re-rented.Now, it seems, we are at a standstill.  They cannot re-rent their ghetto apartment with the weed smokers just below it and the "lady of the night" activity just above it...On a side note:The sidewalks are always covered with rocks and are in terrible shape.The apartments are very old and dated, and in terrible shape.No one parks between the lines - ever - or in their assigned slots.The pool is disgusting and they have no apartment security so people are frequently having fun in the hot tub if you know what I mean.The sex offender, although ultimately evicted, WAS allowed to sign a lease and move in.In other words - spend the extra money and buy a house or rent a place that cares about the quality of what they are renting versus trying to screw you via every nickel and dime on your way out.
5	I moved here in March with an amazing move-in special. The first month was pretty rocky but every time I called for maintenance they were quick to respond. I also recieved prompt and friendly service from Specialty Cleaners and a free carpet cleaning after all the drama was over. I recommended trying to find a ground floor/sublevel unit on a corner building. You have a private entrance and large patio/yard.I fell in love with living here. My 2 bedroom apartment is HUGE (1,055 sqft) and I love my master bedroom/bathroom - it feels like a hotel suite with 2 closets and vanities. The kitchen is large and spacious, has a pantry, a ton of cabinets, and more than enough counter top space for all your kitchen gadgets. There is SO MUCH GUEST PARKING! It's amazing. I don't even park in my assigned space because there is always an open spot right in front of my apartment.The neighborhood is safe despite not being a gated community. Mesa Fire & Police Departments are a stone throw away. I come home in the middle of the night from work and have never had cause for concern. The City of Mesa is also revamping the streets & areas around Fiesta District so it looks better. But in the meantime there's awful construction off of Southern. The only complaints I have is that the cupboards and cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom are outdated and poorly constructed (the kitchen cabinet below my sink is warped and in need of replacing). Also, the water heater for my 2 bedroom is half the size of what it should be and is perched precariously on a crooked shelf above my dryer. I run out of hot water after filling up my bathtub. Some inevitable apartment living problems you will face: You will hear your neighbors through the walls/ceilings and there are dog poop gernades in the grass despite maintenance going through and picking them up every morning.Overall, I really enjoy living here and love the central location of it to great restaurants and shops.
1	Horrible management, also being nickled and dimed for fees as we move out. They target certain residents and dismiss rules for others. Multiple things were broken when we first moved in and continued to fall apart. The only nice staff were maintenance.. probably because we were calling them so often we became friends. Rent elsewhere, the "deals" are not worth it.
1	Moved here in September 2014 from Washington state. Staff was very helpful taking the stress out of moving to a place sight unseen. Amazing move in specials! Corner unit. Big open floor plan. Fairly quiet area.What we didn't know: apartment was not move in ready. Place was filthy! We spent several days cleaning cupboards, carpets, bathrooms, you name it. If they ask for cleaning payment when we leave I will show them move in pictures! Window in living room was broke and to this day the part is still on order and has not been fixed, entry tile is broke and sunken;still not fixed, exterior porch light hanging and broken; still not fixed. Overheard staff say "if they haven't needed it by now then they don't need it".Put up a baby gateways at porch entrance to keep dog from getting off porch and we were told we couldn't have that because it wasn't uniform with other gates in complex. Was told we could purchase one from there vendor for $125. Why would I purchase a gate for a temporary residence? They stated we could take it with us when we we moved out. What use would that be? We're taking a gate custom built and mounted to this specific space. SCAM much?Benifit! They pay water. Woohoo! Downfall: they have complete control over it and is usually shut off with no notice several times so far. They will always tell you it was an emergency and that they did not have time to notify tenants.. How hard is it for maintenance to say we will Need to turn off water for this repair , take 20 minutes and call everyone before we start.Anyway I have vented and will continue to stay here untill my lease is up, but renter beware and be informed. I will post updates as we continue  our residence in the hope that things will improve and better their review.
