4	Love this place, love their employees and the services they give. Prices are a bit high, but I guess I can't complain, esp when you get a package. Microdermabrasions are the best here! Very relaxing, and your skin feels wonderful! Their website offers great deals (private message me, so I can refer you, I'm pretty sure there's a discount)
5	I LOVE Laser for Less (Chandler)!  If you are going anywhere else for Laser hair removal you need to stop now and call to make an appointment with Laser for Less, Chandler.   I wasted a lot of $$$ at another Laser removal place before I found Laser for Less and now I am kicking myself for not going to them first.  If you pay to wax any part of your body you should be lasering that hair off.  It works better, lasts longer, and in the long run is cheaper.  Pros - 1. Free touch ups 14-18 days after your first appointment if they missed 1 hair they will touch up for free.  Never had a problem with them discouraging me, in fact it was the opposite they give me reminder cards so I know when my touch ups are due.  They encourage you to come in.2. They can also charge you by the laser shot instead of a whole area.  So if you only have a few random hairs they will just charge 10 cent per shot on the legs or 70 cents on the face or smaller areas.  You can't beat that deal.3. I am pretty sure they beat or match all prices in town.4. Once they laser the hair, all your hair will fall out and wont grow back for like 2 months, its better than waxing.  Not all laser removal places use the type of laser that does this place does.  That is why I recommend them, it works a lot better!5. They actually care about getting rid of unwanted hair and will go over all their policies with you.  Kristen is who I go to and she is great.  I have been to almost all their girls and they are good. 6. In fact when it was my birthday month I didn't know I got some discount and they back credited me for it, I feel like they are always trying to get me the best deal.  7. They always have deals.  Just last month they had their underarm extravaganza where you can get your underarms done for $30!!! That is so cheap.  They let you buy up to 3 sessions.  I referred a friend and she loved it so much because she didn't have to shave her underarms the WHOLE summer.  8. I love Laser for Less, CHANDLER!!!Cons - never having to shave again, darn.
5	This place is great. The staff is always the same, I love that I can see the same tech each time. Try it out it, you will not want to ever wax again. It is very affordable since you can pay per visit instead of a package. A d better yet they post the cost of each area on their website, I like when a company has nothing to hide.
5	I purchased one of the deals from Deal Chicken. Three microderm treatments with the mask (normally $99 each) for $99 dollars which is a fantastic deal. I also found out that a regular microderm without the mask is $59. That's really inexpensive! My schedule is a little crazy so I couldn't get in for about 2 weeks but they definitely had earlier appts avail. The facility is nice and clean and the staff is very friendly. My aesthetician was very sweet and was always checking to be sure that I was comfortable. She answered all my questions and gave me some really good tips. I just came back from my second session and my skin feels amazing. Between the microdermabrasion and the skincare line I use the results are already starting to be noticeable. If you have sun damage or problems with congested skin this is something that I would highly recommend. I also decided to add on a glycolic peel at the last minute. My skin feels so amazingly smooth and looks brighter. The whole process is so relaxing. I can't wait to go back for my next session. You won't be disappointed with this place!
5	Laser hair removal is a girl's best friend! I have tried several laser hair removal places, but Laser For Less has been my best experience! Brittany Nichols was my laser technician and she did such a great job! She was so friendly, professional, and made me feel comfortable throughout my experience. She walked me through the pretreatment and post treatment care and although I thought I was familiar with these processes, she actually explained to me some exfoliating and other tips to improve my results. I am by no means an expert on the different types of lasers, but the lasers at Laser for Less were far less painful then those of other salons I have been to. The laser actually shoots out a blast of cold air each time the technician turns on the laser. Trust me if you've been to a place with the kind of lasers that are just constant (the place I went to prior, used the Soprano XL), it gets really hot and uncomfortable on your skin. Brittany was great though she assured me she could stop at any time I felt uncomfortable, but amazingly I was totally fine throughout the entire session! I had no redness, bumps, or discomfort after my session, which was such a relief, because I had these problems at the place I went prior.All in all, Laser for Less gets 5 stars! I have more appointments scheduled with Brittany and don't plan to go anywhere else for my laser treatments!
5	Do not bother going anywhere else. This is the place to go for laser. No contracts, easy to get appointments, very reasonable. The staff is fantastic, every one of them. I usually go to Kristen, but all others are as equally friendly and competent. Location is very convenient also. I have looked, and I have received many groupon and living social offers from other places, but I never bothered. This is the one.
4	It was a pleasant experience. The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. I'd recommend it.
3	I recently went in for a microderm for a seemingly great deal of $49. What I experienced;-It is just a simple microderm, with a SPF application. I wouldn't label it relaxing. The room they do it in reminded me of a doctors office.-The whole microderm (not including SPF application) lasted about 8- 10 min total. It felt 'incomplete' and like it should have been more thorough. Especially if you are tempting to treat a minor scar, like I am.-Though she was a sweet girl, I didn't feel like she really cared to examine my skin at all, or find out why I was there. I suppose I just expected better customer service, but that's just me.All in all, I realized why it was cheap. I have to say my first experience of microderm at Laser for Less didn't live up to my expectations. Hopefully your experience is better. I realize they specialize in hair removal and not facials.
5	Seeing Kristine for my 2nd appointment! So happy with the results for my lower legs laser. Very grateful that i've found professionals to do it for me. Not only that, they will calm the patients as being a first timer u will be skeptical abt the cons of laser. She even did a test patch on me to let me get the feel of it. Didnt regret at all & wld highly recommend "Laser for less" to my friends! :)
3	Update, December 2014: I had a total of (I think) 9 sessions on my bikini area and 6 or 7 on my armpits. My last session was at the beginning of September 2014. I began seeing regrowth on my armpits almost immediately, and in November, I began seeing extensive regrowth on my bikini area. This is regrowth of dark hairs that were supposedly eliminated. I have very pale skin and dark hair and am an ideal candidate for successful hair removal; for my final 2-3 sessions, Kristen used a very high setting on the machine to ensure that the hairs were destroyed. Laser for Less is very clear that laser treatments offer "permanent hair reduction", and Kristen explained to me that some clients have occasional, isolated hair regrowth. I am experiencing a LOT of regrowth, though. Based on this I have to say that laser treatments offer temporary hair reduction, and I am very disappointed. I've lowered my rating from 5 stars to 3 based on the enormous regrowth I am experiencing, and will edit this review again in the future if the regrowth increases.I've been going to Laser for Less for 5-6 months now, having regular treatments. I started going for a bikini treatment, and the results were so impressive that I decided to add armpits. Kristen is the technician who regularly does my treatments. She is always friendly, but always respectful of my body and space. And she does a great job! From the very first treatment, I could see results. I'm so impressed and happy with Kristen and Laser for Less! I wholeheartedly recommend this place.
1	I read all the positive reviews and I went to this place.... they did not make me feel welcome ....no customer service skills....I don't feel like going back there again. ...totally displeased with the techs approach.
4	I had my first laser session ever a couple weeks ago. I met with Kaylen at the chandler location and she was great. I was very comfortable after just a few minutes and I hadn't even stripped down yet. I had only ever had the same woman do my waxing so having someone new can be awkward. All the horror stories I read about it being horrendously painful scared the crap outta me. But to be honest it wasn't that bad. Yes I have dark, thick hair so I expected the worst. It wasn't the most pleasant of ways to spend my afternoon but it was quick. Any discomfort went away as soon as it started. No lingering pain to deal with after. I did brazilian, underarms, and a few other undisclosed places all within 15 min. After a week the hair started coming out on its own. The rest I started lightly pulling at to help it out. I did come across a few spots that must have been missed bc they are still tightly in place and don't want to come out which is a disappointment. I do recommend this place. And the prices are good. Pay as you go. Just may need to check to see if they do touch ups for where they missed...
4	Update: after 2 weeks it was clear that spots were missed. Or didn't respond to the laser. I recommend calling if that happens to you. They have a great touch up policy but there are time restraints on it (logically so. Can't be doing touch ups just bc everyone is impatient and sees actual growth). They were quick and easy to make an appointment with. I was disappointed to hear that my technician left the company but I'm sure my next one will be good too. After only one session I'm seeing results... #2 in a couple weeks. If you are looking for a good and affordable laser removal place I recommend checking them out.
5	Secretly, I've grown tired of hearing people say that I have great skin (I don't have to shave as much or as often anymore). Before my laser hair removal sessions, not many pointed this out about me so I can rule out "good genes" and rule in Laser for Less. But enough about me and on to the review which is why you're reading this.There are so many fliers and deals out there for laser hair removal and the only place I would choose and recommend to my family is Laser for Less. I've been a customer for 11 years (I go mostly for touch ups) and I keep going back because the laser technicians and really understand my skin and hair type to maximize the laser effectiveness and to minimize that "rubber band snap" feeling (they are very personable too and that puts me at ease.) Also, their pricing is phenomenal for returning customers (there are really great deals for new customers too).The appointment booking (and rescheduling) process is a breeze, appointment reminders are available via text (and email) and the touch up policy is generous (I go in for touch upsI referred two people in my family to Laser for Less after they tried one of those laser hair removal places near Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall and didn't get results (plus they paid twice as much than at Laser for Less.)
5	Love this place - I've been to other laser hair removal places and Laser for Less has better lasers that appear to actually laser the hair to where it really doesn't come back and there is much less pain involved and definitely less heat involved. The techs are great and keep the conversation going so I don't have to focus on the lasering - definitely a customer for life (or as long as it takes to get rid of the hair!)
