1	No joke, I am sitting here in Vincent cafe right now using their internet to write this review. Currently one of the staff is discussing/arguing with an elderly gentleman (who can't hear or understand her very well) about how he cannot sit at the 4-person table that is available. This isn't the first time it has happened. I have only been at this cafe for a little over an hour and the staff have told no less than 4 different people, including myself, that they were not allowed to sit at the 4 person table if they were just a single or couple and to save it for larger parties. Well, I understand that but each of the people they have told have already sat down at the table, gotten comfortable, had their drinks and were chatting. I mean, really? Is it that important? And they only have one 4-person table and then about 8-10 2-person tables, so it's kind of their own fault for setting it up that way in their shop. Especially when all the tables are crammed together so tight, its no wonder why 2 people would want to sit at the 4-person table. Also, I was using the internet there to do some work and every time the staff walked by they eyed my drink, waiting for me to finish it. Then the second I was finished they inquired if I would like anything else. I told them no thank you and then they cleared my cup. After that point I felt like I had overstayed my welcome because apparently their only goal here is to have a bunch of empty tables, so if they get a rush of some sort, then all the 30 people that come in at one time will be able to sit down...Instead they just seem to be scaring out the customers. I was really upset by this because I live nearby and was genuinely hoping that it would be a good place to work at since I work from home and like to pop into cafes for the change of scenery. Unfortunately this was a bad experience. I mean, perhaps their food is good as the other reviewer states, but I didn't try any of it, just had tea, which you can't really mess up on. So if you want to stop in, I recommend you get it to go and not to sit in.
