3	I was in dire need of a ME Day, so I headed south on the 15 to check out the new M Resort and invest some time in a little pampering for my abused nails.  The salon was fairly easy to find (on the level below the casino) and the decor was "glamorous zen," which I found very pleasing.  They have some amazing crystal chandeliers in the salon that were so beautiful, they literally took my breath away.  Didn't indulge in the pedi chairs, but they sure looked tempting.I couldn't get right in on a Saturday afternoon, so I made my mani appt for 5:30 and headed upstairs to play for a while. I returned at the pre-arranged time, and checked in at the front desk. Gloria came out a few minutes later with a sweet smile and cheery attitude, which got things off to a nice start.  She asked what color I wanted and when I described the type of red I was looking for, she brought back 3 samples and let me choose from those.  She found the perfect one to match my pedi (OPI's Big Apple Red) - YAY! Thirty dollars is not bad for a mani at a Vegas resort, and Gloria knows her stuff.  She did a terrific job on my nails and even brought me a frosty soda in a glass at the start of our visit.  A base coat, top coat, and quick-dry topping were included. She gave me the buffer and file to take home (nice touch) and even chased after me when she realized I'd forgotten a ring at her table. Thank you Gloria!I don't think I'd make a special trip down there for a mani/pedi, but if you're in the area, give Spa Mio at The M a try!  A beautiful atmosphere, knowledgeable and friendly staff and prices are less than the Strip resorts.
4	I stayed at the M resort and decided to give this place a try with a few friends.  Two of my other friends tried the "My Mio Time" package, while I tried the Wild Flower Wrap.  The My Mio Time package is an excellent deal for a 50 minute massage and 50 minute facial for only $150.  You can't beat this deal with other luxury spas on the strip.Upon entering the spa, you get a sense of a modern contemporary feel.  The receptionist brought my friend and I to the women's area, while my other friend went to the men's area.  There is no coed area.  The only thing coed in this spa is the fitness center, which I did not go into.  Upon entering our respected areas, you are then greeted with another host who gives you a quick tour of the facility.  There were two hot tubs, a sauna, and a steam room.  I've been to Qua Spa and this facility reminded me of a mini version of the Qua.  They offer you hot teas, coffee, water, water with an orange slice, or a fruity type of drink with an orange slice that was very refreshing.  They also offer fresh fruits.There are plenty of towels around the facility.  There are only 4 showers.  This could be a problem if there were a lot of people using the facility.  The bathrooms do have shaving cream, disposable shavers, hair dryers, lotion, flat irons, shower caps, etc.  You can find most of your bath necessities.  They do provide you with slippers and a robe.The locker room was very lavish.  It is much bigger and private than the Qua locker.  There is a private dressing room equipped with a weighing scale.The lounge area had a plasma tv and comfortable couches along with magazines.  I like how each magazine had its own cover so that you can take them to the wet area without ruining the cover of the magazine.  Onto my body treatment, it was worth the $175.  A scrub was applied followed by the mud.  You are then wrapped into this warm cocoon.  I showered off the scrub and mud.  I believe the shower had 6 shower heads and 1 movable shower head.  Lotion and the gold/silver shimmer was applied.  The complete treatment was invigorating.  My friends also enjoyed their massages and facials.Some minor things I disliked about the spa:-The lounge area is near the receptionist area, which can be bothersome if you're trying to have quiet time without being bothered with the phone ringing.  -I wish they provided a clock somewhere to know what time it was.  -The lounge area can be a bit cramped if there were a lot of people (two fairly large sofas and 4 chairs).-M now charges hotel guests to use the spa facility ($15 a day I believe).-I do hope that Spa Mio offers more types of massages, body treatments, facials, etc. to choose from.Overall, the spa met my expectations and I would definitely come back here again.  Take advantage of their deals as these are hard-to-find deals.
5	I've been to all the premier spas in Las Vegas and decide to check out the new Spa Mio. Love love loved it!! It is less expensive than its competitors and ultra nice. The attendants are great, even bringing you spa drinks, etc. when you are busy relaxing.A must see!!
5	When we first moved here, we stayed at the M resort and took advantage of their spa.  The staff is great- incredibly friendly and the spa itself is wonderfully relaxing. But the 5 stars is really based on Anthony in the salon.  He is not only a superb stylist, he totally understands what we want and explains what he's doing and why.Plus, he blew us away by remembering who we were, with details, the second time we came in.  Anthony has long term clients in us- and I highly recommend him to anyone looking for an excellent stylist.
2	My husband and I went to Spa Mio today to use gift certificates we received for Valentines Day.  We also received some great coupons in the mail, so it seemed like the perfect time to go.  My first impression when led into the spa area was that it was beautiful.  Very relaxing, comfortable atmosphere with plasma tv's showing peaceful images, great variety of magazines and a bowl of fresh fruit.  They also had a tray sitting out with cucumber water, as well as fruit drinks.  So far, I was impressed.  Then it was time for my 80min massage.  My therapist was very nice, but it just wasn't a great massage.  I was so disappointed because when I scheduled the appt., I asked the receptionist to please give me someone good as I get many massages and am a bit picky when it comes to them.  I asked the therapist to increase the pressure and she said "sure" but then proceeded to dig her elbow into me. I hate it when they do that, that is not what I mean by deeper.  After the disappointing massage, I was on to my pedicure.  The pedicure was fine, but honestly not any better than my usual pedicure I get at the nail salon down the street from my house for half the price.  Also, when I booked the pedi, I asked the receptionist how long the treatment would last and she said it would be an hour.  It was just barely 45mins.  The attendants in the spa were extremely nice and helpful, however, at one point they were talking very loudly complaining about other co-workers.  Not exactly what you want to hear when trying to relax.  Also, they were using the co-workers names and I couldn't help but think how they would feel if I walked up and said "hey, that's my sister/friend, etc you are talking about" lol.  When I met up with my husband, he was not very impressed with his overall experience either.  We both decided we would tip 15% to our therapists.  We always tip 20%, but didn't feel it was warranted today.  Well, when we checked out, they informed us that a 20% tip is automatically included, unless we wanted to rectify the amount.  We felt very stupid and put on the spot, so just said that was fine, but it was annoying.  I don't think we will be returning anytime soon.
5	I love Spa Mio.  We stayed at the M Resort a few weeks ago and enjoyed a heavenly spa day.  The staff was fantastic.  From the front desk staff who remembered us from the previous day and called us by name, to the spa attendants who were bubbly, informative, and present but not overbearing.I really enjoyed the spa facility which was clean, intimate, and beautiful.  It is smaller than your monster resort spas on the strip, but I prefer that.  Everything was easy to find, they had good amenities, etc.My massage was very relaxing and my manicure was great as well, but my favorite part was the facility.
5	I love this place.. Really, I do. I don't live in Vegas but the BF lives nearby. So when I am in town I am able to come here, workout, get a treatment if I want and just relax. Rachel, the spa attendant I interact with every time I am here is amazing! She is always there to get me whatever I need, whether its coffee or a flat iron. She does it. Oh, and the cranberry spritzers are fantastic! Especially while sitting in the steam room. Everything is always stocked and clean. I have been here five times and have not seen it in any type of disarray, including on busy weekends. I have had a massage, a mani and a pedi. The service was really good at during all the treatments. I just wish they had a bigger color selection for the nails. I would recommend this place to anyone. They are always having specials, definitely take advantage of that.
5	This is a new but, excellent SPA.  The spa facility was very clean and the treatments rooms very not only clean but, quite large.
5	I came to Spa Mio three times total while I was staying in the M Resort for three days. There is nothing much to do in this area and I am glad they have a great spa. Unlike some other spa I've been to where I was unable to relax deeply, I regained my energy here and this is a great place for some alone time or hang out with girlfriends. Men has separate spa area. 1) The Spring Essential Facial I got was a hotel guest special for $95 before the 20% tips. The treatment room is clean and quite big in size. They used products from the line Comfort Zone that are straight from Italy. The aroma of this product line was great and my skin felt comfortable and soft after the facial. My skin therapist Melanie did a great job. My neck, upper shoulder area, and my hands were also being taken care of in additional to my face. The message was blissful and Melanie offered some samples for me after the facial. It was great going to facial and not being pushed to buy products. I have facials regularly and this is one of the top three facials I had for sure. I will definitely come back to her when I am in town next time. 2) I tried the sample from the previous day and decided that I am buying the product. Spa Mio has not mark up the products and the price was comparable to Amazon and other websites online. Their marketing manager definitely done one of the best marketing strategy by creating the 12 days of Christmas special. Basically everyday has a different special offer during Christmas. This is one of the more original ideas I came across and I am impressed. I am also a happy customer because I got 25% off the regular retails price. 3) I came in again this time bringing my sister so that she can use the spa pass while I paid $15. It was early morning on a weekday and there were only two other customer in the spa when we arrived. The spa attendant let us know there are plenty of appointments that can be made right away. Later on, we had the whole spa for our own. We were drinking the signature spa drink with pineapple and cranberry juice, eating fruits and reading magazines in the lounge area. We relaxed in the jacuzzi that is swim suit optional, stayed in their herbal steam room and took a long shower. I took some pictures, which is not allowed, but I want to share with the world how great Spa Mio is...
3	Spa Mio is a nice little oasis in M Resort.  If you live near-or are staying at- the M Resort, then this is a decent spa day location.  If you're on the strip or in Summerlin, it's a bit of a trek.I spa frequently in Las Vegas, as well as when I travel.  Overall, the spa was very nice.  I was pleasantly surprised as I expected it to be over priced and not deliver - as it (to me) is a "locals" casino specializing more in bingo and buffets.  Spa attendants were friendly and always anticiapting needs- fully attentive to guests in a quiet, spa-like manner...not chatting amongst themselves.  Amenities were great- all Moroccan Oil shampoo/conditioner, plus shave cream, razors, etc- what you expect to find at high end resorts.There are seperate men/women sides for sauna/jacuzzi, etc.  The dressing area, waiting area and jacuzzi area are fairly small, but it seems to work for their business level.My girlfriend and I both had mediocre (at best) massages.  I'm guessing this is because it's hard to keep really good massueses if they aren't fully booked.  We were interested in getting lunch.  The options were: Cafe, Buffet, or a limited option for "in- spa."  We opted to head back to the strip...we're not reallly cafe/buffet girls...but good to know that if you're hungry, you can get more than an apple or babana in the spa.  Which- by the way- they had a variety of fruit in the fruit bowls; as well as a couple options for specialty beverages and bottled water.Overall pretty good experience, but I would most likely try out another spa that I haven't been to yet. But, if you're at M Resort- I would highly recommend it.
5	HOLY COW DID I EXPERIENCE NIRVANA AT SPA MIO! I am a brand new chickadee. I had 4 treatments...you heard it right...4 treatments (I wish you could see my pretty pretty princess tiara right about now). I walk in and was greeted by a lovely girl named Amanda...bright smile, good energy and  very courteous. Then I meet Debbi, our spa host. She directed me to all the super cool amenities (lockers, whirlpool, sauna, chill out area) and gave me a comfy robe and slippers. She was lots of fun to talk to and made me feel totally welcome. My first treatment was a foot and scalp massage with Tracy. Within 5 minutes we were gabbing about sushi, boyfriends, and Lavo's amazing lobster bisque (which I am totally going to have to try). Let me clarify something here...I am a chatty Kathy and have a hard time just sitting still and being quiet (I might be ADD...who knows)....so therefore I talk turning my treatments. The spa workers were cool if I wanted to talk or relax...just letting you know. My feet and head felt fantastic (i'm on my feet all the time at work). Next I met Melanie for my sea salt body scrub. Her and I clicked instantly because we are both mommies. I was curious about some of her more memorable customer situations and we were laughing about some of the lonely citizens that live here in Vegas. Her hands were amazing and my body feels so soft and smooth. Definitely recommend getting a body treatment...it really makes you feel like brand new.Ashley came to get me for my hydrating facial. She was the most quiet of the bunch (which was fine with me....not everyone is as outgoing as I am). She did a wonderful job and gave me some great skin care pointers. I think I almost fell asleep while she was applying the hydrating mask because her hands were so soft.Lastly, it was time for my manicure and in walks Gloria. She was hilarious, wonderful, great with nails and informative. As a single mommy I don't have much time to pamper myself so most of the time my nails suffer. She told me I had tenacious cuticles (I am going to tell lots of people about that...because its funny). We laughed and talked about husbands and kids. She also told me how to make my manicure last longer and picked out an amazing color called "Light My Sapphire"...pretty cool.Overall I had the most amazing time here. Kate, the manager, does an amazing job (I made sure to tell her so...again so many people only complain and never compliment....jerks). I am super excited to bring my mom here for a mothers day getaway. Thanks again Amanda, Tracy, Debbi, Melanie, Ashley and Gloria....you are awesome and a true asset to the M Resort.
5	Went again for a massage and a facial (I had a free babysitter...why the heck not?). I ordered up the Youth Defense Facial and a deep tissue massage (I was sore from working out...see my reviews of Fitness 19). Let's start with walking in. I was greeted by Jenny and Nicole...both extremely pleasant and very professional. They called me Ms. (insert my last name here). I requested that they call me Lara and that Ms. (insert my last name here) was my ex mother-in-law. They laughed and felt at ease when they knew I wasn't formal or snobby. Next it was time to meet Rita and Rachel, the spa hostesses with mostesses. Super cool girls and very efficient...my hat's off to Rachel for doing what she did 8 months pregnant...you go girl. Melanie took care of my facial and you would have thought we were best friends since birth. We hugged and gabbed the entire 80 minute facial (which is like heaven...the mask they use feels like fondant...so fun). She is such a cool chick, so down to earth and great at skin care. Definitely request her if you think about it...you will not be sorry.Tracy took care of my massage again...she's so amazing. She knew all the places that I needed work...it was painful at times but she needed to go hard to get all the knots out of my back (i'm a knotted mess from working out, working and having two kids). I felt amazing when all was said and done. Sasha worked on my friend and she was hilarious. My friend said her hands were awesome. Overall this is one of the best spas in Vegas. Kate, the manager, is awesome along with Jenny, Nicole, Melanie, Tracy, Brandon (male spa host and hilarious...we had a good laugh over interesting customers we meet in the service industry), and Sasha. I feel like we have a cool kids clubhouse thing going on. Can't wait to see you guys again for mother's day. To the owners and managers at the M Resort....your spa staff is amazing and such an asset to you guys. Keep up the awesome work!
5	Ive been to a few of the big name spa's in town and the M is consistently the top performer. The overall ambiance and service far exceeds my expectations. The eucalyptus in the steam room is perfect for the post massage coma. I have bought massage gift cards for others and they have agreed also, Spa Mio is the best!
5	I met the most warm, friendly and sweet young lady at the reception desk. It made my decision easy as I am choosing a venue for before-wedding pampering! I will be staying at the hotel before and on my wedding day. Thanks M Resort!Beautiful bathsuits for sale, too!!!
3	This review is only for the spa facilities as I did not have any treatments.   The facilities are clean and well maintained.  Staff on hand were attentive to my needs, while not being intrusive of my "me" time.  I alternated between the hot pools, the menthol steam room, and the rainforest shower.  I liked that there was fresh fruit, cold juice, and water readily available and that attendants would bring fresh tea or coffee as needed.  I especially loved that while the facilities were on the smallish side, there weren't many people there, so it didn't feel crowded at all.After a few hours relaxing, I met up with another friend who was in the male-facilities and compared notes.  We discovered that men and women were clearly treated differently here.  For him, one pool was not filled with water, so it was a little too crowded for his liking.  There also weren't the same beverage options made available to him.  All in all, if I were staying at the M resort, I'd definitely go back and probably have a treatment as well.
4	Best Facial EVER!! Make sure you ask for Paulina. I had a facial by her a few months ago and still get goosebumps thinking about how amazing it was! I can not wait to go back and get another facial by her!The wet area was smaller then I expected, Very uncomfortable at first. once a group of loud women left and lounge chairs opened up ( they only have 5 Total) I finally began to relax. The spa attendants where very helpful. maybe a little too helpful. Every time i turned around someone was there asking me if I needed anything, which most people would probably like but I found slightly annoying. I just wanted to be left alone to explore and relax. To be honest im thinking about booking another appointment just thinking about how wonderful my experience was.
5	I like the fact that when I called to ask if I was able to utilize the gym and spa facility, even though I was only getting my hair cut and styled, they were totally welcoming. Other casinos around Vegas will not allow you to use their spa facilities if you're getting a salon service. Spa Mio met every expectation. The gym has the most high-tech equipment, and the view of the pool was gorgeous to see as you enjoy your workout. There is fresh fruit, bottled water, and fitness magazines to read while you're feelin' the burn.The sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and rain shower give the feeling of complete relaxation. The friendly spa staff was super attentive, and even offered to bring me beverages while I relaxed on one of their lounge chairs. Their locker room, dressing area, and showers are kept very clean. And, the robe you're provided is very soft and even reversible. One thing that I would like to mention again is the attentiveness of the staff. They were friendly and welcoming right from the start. They check-up on you every once in a while, but it is in no way bothersome. I really felt like I was being waited on hand and foot.As for the hair cut and style... The shampoo and scalp massage was very good. My stylist really listened to me, and gave me just the style that I wanted. Spa Mio is by far one of my best spa experiences ever!
5	I took my sister to Spa Mio today for a belated birthday gift, I was pleasantly surprised when I called at 8am this morning and was able too book two appointments for noon.We arrived early and was promptly greeted by the front desk girl who was very efficient, she escorted us back to the women's spa where we were introduced to the amazing Crystal and Rachel.  These two ladies room attendants were very thorough, attentive and tended to our every need. The facilities were clean and relaxing, and the cranberry spritzer was yummy! My massage by Shellen was AWESOME and my sister loved her Aromatherapy massage by Jill.  We will definitely be back again soon!!
5	I LOVE this spa!  I've tried a couple around town but Spa Mio is my first choice when it comes to being a local on a semi-budget.  They offer 25% off treatments (don't forget your ID), which is awesome if you want to venture off into mixing a massage with a wrap or scrub.  They serve the best iced fruit drink (not sure what it is, but it's the pink one) and their steam room is amazing.  The spa attendants were beyond attentive; they really paid attention to the little things.A word of caution, beware of booking during peak times as their jacuzzi area is a bit small... now book an appointment and RELAX! :)
5	My current spa of choice!  Take note, locals get 25% off all treatments 7 days a week!  Yet that is not what got me in here today.  The month of April offered a Tax Relief special that included 50 minute relaxation massage, 50 minute essential M facial, and 50 minute pedicure...for $200!  That is $40 cheaper than the locally discounted price for all 3 combined, so I could not pass it up.  I also had never had a facial before, and my feet were desperate for a pedicure.I arrived around 9:30 AM and was checked in by Leilani who was very sweet.  She escorted me into the ladies side and Rachel gave me a tour, spa shoes, and a locker.  I changed into my robe and went to the lounge area.  There were lemon-cucumber waters and cranberry spritzers ready on a tray, but Rachel offered me tea or soda.  I got green tea, sat down, and flipped through a magazine.  Because I had 3 treatments in a row from 10-1, I decided not to go into the jacuzzi area (called the Wet Area there).At 10, my therapist Debbi came for me.  She was awesome!!!  I highly recommend her and would go back (she is very pregnant though so she may be gone for awhile soon).  She told me the relaxation massage was light to medium, but I think she surprised me because it was not light at all, but very good consistent pressure throughout.  In addressing my sensitive skin needs, she let me smell the oil which had a light green tea essence.  This massage included pine extract foot balm, which was fine (I am allergic to fir trees so as long as it isn't fir!)After my amazing massage I waited in the treatment lounge area, with dark wood and neat lit walls.  Another woman who booked the same package sat down and we chatted about our great day.  Ashley was my esthetician.  The essential M facial is customized to skin type, mine being generally sensitive and a tad oily.  I had no idea what to expect.  It did involve a lot of massaging the neck, back, shoulders and arms - so no complaints on additional massage.  She used an algae scrub that smelled amazing on my face.  The only thing I didn't like much was this humidifier/dryer thing she put over my face for 10ish minutes after the scrub.  It was like being in a steam room just over my mouth and nose and made it hard to breathe, but I am sure it was for a good reason.Lastly, Evie was my nail technician for the pedicure.  She helped me pick out a shiny OPI shade, but did warn me the massage chair was broken - no worries, I had basically had 2 hours of massage prior!  She offered suggestions for my dry feet and did a nice job scrubbing my yucky dry calloused skin.  Evie gave me the foot scrubber, buffer and file to take with me at the end.  Rachel got me a coke while I let my nails dry for 20ish minutes then took a rainshower to finish my day.  The spa had all of the needed toiletries, including Moroccan Oil shampoo.  I used the hair dryer at the vanity area and I was ready to go, sans make-up!  Check-out was easy and the facilities are absolutely beautiful.  I would absolutely get back here to take advantage of the local discount or another special deal.
5	hands down the best spa I've been to yet!  The staff here made everything so easy.  I had such a wonderful experience from booking my appointment all the way to checking out.  I went here this past weekend.  My husband got me a wonderful package as part of my birthday gift.  The waiting area is beyond relaxing!  Very cozy and inviting.  They had all the amenities you could ask for.  They also had a self serve station with fresh fruit, cucumber/lemon water and raspberry spritzers.  The vanity area had everything you needed from shaving cream to disposal underwear upon request if you weren't comfortable being nude during any treatments.   I got what was called the "Moroccan Mio" which was a fantastic full body scrub/exfoliation, followed by a temperature controlled cacoon wrap.  Then I got to rinse off in a private shower located in the treatment room that had 8 shower heads- YES that's right 8 heavenly shower heads!!!!! 1 on top like rain fall, 1 behind you, and 3 on each side of your body.  Just genius!!!!After the rinse off, it was back to the table where a hydration gel was massaged into my skin from head to toe.  Oh i forgot to mention while you're in the cacoon, you are getting a wonderful scalp treatment as well :)  I smelled like heaven all day.  After all of that, then its off to get the pedicure which also has moroccan oils and scrub which took away all the cracked skin on my heels.  I also got a wax paraffin treatment for my heels which made my skin fee like butter!  Both my pedicurist and esthetician were absolutely wonderful. They didn't push tons of products on me, they made me feel comfortable and relaxed the entire time.  If anyone has the chance to get this package it is a MUST! Do it now because the price goes up after the month of May!!!!!
5	Love this spa! Spa attendants Rachel & Rita are the superstars of this place very nice and attentive to all your needs!  Locals get a discount as well. Love it when they have specials especially the My Mio special! Jenny up front is nice and so is Leilani. Nicole is kinda the odd one lets just say she's not as nice and friendly like the rest of the bunch! Shaleen is the best therapist as well. Great spa! Come during the week it gets busy Sat & Sun.
4	Spa Mio puts so many other spas in Vegas to shame, especially with just two elements of execution: simplicity and cleanliness. I've been here over half a dozen times and not once have things been frenzied or disordered. I've never seen the spa visibly busy and it almost gives the impression that you have rented it out for the day, as a king/queen would do. The spa attendants are constantly tidying the facilities and ensuring that their guests are in peace yet fulfilling needs for water, towels, juices, etc. Facilities: Modern decor like the rooms. Two standard sized jacuzzi whirlpools. Spacious and right-on-target temperature steamroom. Sauna can sometimes be a bit cool for my liking. In between these two rooms is a small shower that drenches the user in water from a pipe..I've never felt anything like it. It's great for massaging the scalp, shoulders, and back, but also be careful of other extremities...haha.Treatments: TIP: They often have specials and these are the best bang for your buck. At one point, they had a sampler of sorts-- a 25 minute salt scrub, 25 minute massage, and basic manicure, all for just $99! This was an absolute steal. Try to ask for this if you call to book an appointment. As a side note..I had never had a manicure nor had the desire to get one. Now, after this, I look forward to getting them. Bros...trust me on this one. Ditch the masculinity complex regarding these type of services and give it a shot! I've only had one negative treatment- just a basic, 25 minute refresher massage, and I was somehow cursed with the meanest, coldest, uninterested masseuse ever put on earth by God Himself. Aside from this, my other treatments have been slightly above average, with the exception of the scrubs mentioned above; their esthetician has a calming aura of sorts and is talented with her profession. Her salt scrub is still one of my favorite treatments I've received.Bottom line: If you're staying at The M or are just looking to get away from the Strip for a more relaxing, secluded spa experience, this is the place. Ask about weekly/monthly specials!
5	MIO likely the SPA MIO Went with a girlfriend last Sunday for massages and relaxation. Oh this is my new favorite place. The waterfalls into the hot tubs in between the hanging flowered chandelier just made me giddy with happiness.We even dozed by the hot tubs, in chiars, with cucumbers on our eyes, it was heaven. Locals get a discount but they also add in tip, so an 80 min massage was $175.
5	I didn't even want to review this because I wanted to keep this secret diamond on the outskirts of Vegas to myself. But... I have to gush about this super spa experience.  I've wanted to go back everyday since I was last there. (about 2 weeks ago). I went to Vegas to visit my family, and because it was a vacation, I wanted to have a spa day, and bring my mom along. We were looking for a place with a gym, steam room, and pool where we could have a "spa day" without having an overpriced massage or staying over at a hotel. The M had a locals day pass for $25. I decided to splurge on a mini facial as well, and GEEZ I wish I would have spring for the whole hour because my esthetician gave the best facial I've EVER had.  Ok, the spa experience...you walk in, they show you your locker which has a robe and sandals. They ask if they can get you a cucumber lemon water or a cranberry spritzer... YUM... They have fresh fruit, and bottled chilled and room temp water. All of their hair products are Moroccan Oil... OMG smells so good and was magic on my hair. The gym is state of the art.. Gorgeous, brand new, and it feels like your own personal gym. They have tvs on every machine, brand new headphones for your convenience, more bottled water and fresh towels... And more beautiful bowls of fresh fruit in case you want to take a break and have a snack. The staff comes in and checks on our well being without being over bearing and annoying. The eucalyptus steam room is gloriously and they even have iced towels and cucumbers for your eyes right outside the door.. The hot tubs are beautiful.. The sauna, fantastic. The showers were super clean..l could go on, but you get the point... It was so nice, my mom and I went back a second time that week to have the experience all over again. I can't wait to go back!!
5	New to the area and took a friend with me a couple of weeks ago and we are still talking about our wonderful experience.  We had massages, a mani/pedi and took advantage of the jacuzzi and the sauna.  A little counter intuitive to take in a sauna when you live in the dessert, but it nothing short of spectacular!  The oils from our massages continued to work their magic creating synergistic muscle relaxations that can only be achieved with this combo - well worth the money my friends!  We then took in an impromptu mani/pedi, which tee'd us up well for the evening events.  The spa was incredibly relaxing with a lot of space to relax - you could spend hours there.  A bonus - if you book a treatment, you can use their gym.  One could spend an entire day here!  I recommend getting a treatment late morning, early afternoon followed by a sauna and or jacuzzi.  Use the showers there to get ready and around 5:00 pm head down to the wine bar in the hotel.  It's a great way to decompress from the work week.  Locals do receive a discount and you can opt to put the tip on your bill or tip independently.  Grab your girlfriends and a bottle of champagne and have a relaxing indulgent spa day!
5	Spa Mio is absolutely gorgeous! The crystal chandeliers are beautiful and make it look so classy! I got my hair cut and styled by Jocelyn and she did an excellent job! I love my hair and she was really nice and gave me exactly what I wanted. Another plus is locals get 25% off services and if you get your hair styled you can use any of the spa utilities for the rest of the day. I didn't get to use the spa but next time I'm going to definitely take advantage of it! This is a must if you're visiting or live in the Vegas area.
5	I don't even know where to start. But I do know that this spa is a must. The environment and decor is really beautiful and on top of that, the service was impeccable! Highly recommend this to locals and anybody who is out of town. its a little off the strip but definitely worth it!!
5	I always go see Janie to get my hair cut and colored.  She's fun to talk to, and she does an amazing job every time.  While the services are expensive, I always feel like it was worth it when I walk out with no more awful roots. A+
5	Best.  Spa.  EVER.Beautiful decor, tranquil environment, gracious attendants.I especially like Gloria or Christine for pedicures - they are both friendly and funny - it's like hanging out with your girlfriends.Locals can get a 25% discount.  Whenever I have visitors, (which is often)  I take them to Spa Mio and the discount is graciously extended to my company, as well.
5	This place is the ultimate spa experience for all-day relaxation. I've had many massages here by many therapists and I haven't had one bad experience! I always try to book my spa appointments early, so I can take my time and use the spa facilities.They create a very relaxing environment the minute you walk through the door. Soothing sounds, minimal lighting, and all the amenities you can ask for. It's great having the option before and after your treatments to use the jacuzzi, sauna, steam room or fitness facility. There's also a sitting area to read or just relax. I also personally enjoy the cucumber water - there is the option of tea as well. Didn't bring any of your showering needs? Not a problem, they have everything there you could possible need. Don't see what you need? Just ask and they'll get it for you! The only down side is that I can't go as often as I like due to the prices. However it's worth every penny and if you're a local you get a 25% discount.
4	I got a massage and pedicure from Spa Mio and it was a lovely experience. I was given a tour of the spa and was very impressed! I am not a prude by any means, but you will find women who are 100% comfortable with their bodies, just an FYI. I was just taken aback because I have only been to spas where people walk around in robes, keeping covered up while changing, etc. I wish more women would be comfy with their bodies rather then resort to cosmetic surgery or covering up their bodies. Anyway, it was very relaxing and the water they have is so awesome. It is infused with flavors and I must have downed 5 gallons while I was there. My massage was pretty good, which is why I gave this place a 4 star rating. I have had better but like I said, it was pretty good. My pedicure was awesome, very relaxing and the technician was super sweet. The showers were awesome, i must have stayed in there for close to an hour! Locals get a discount which is why I would return to this tranquil spa.
5	This place is the ultimate in relaxation.  It's beautiful, clean, and well-maintained.  The staff is absolute top-notch, too.  Somehow, they manage to achieve perfection without the slightest air of snobbery.  You can park in the lot designated for "spa" and walk into the casino, past the escalators, and you'll see Spa Mio on your left.  When you enter, you'll see their retail area and the sign in desk.  The salon services are to the left, and the spa and gym are to the right.  When you check into the spa, you will receive a quick tour from the attendant and you will be given a robe and spa sandals.  You also have a nice locker for storage.  There is a private area for changing for the sheepish.  The amenities are endless, from hair brushes to blow dryers to makeup remover.  I never saw anything out of place, and supplies are replenished within seconds.  The attendants are really on top of things here (please don't forget to tip; I have a feeling lots of people leave them out).You cannot order food for delivery to the spa, but you can go outside to the pool area and order food (in your robe even!), or just head to one of the many restaurants or quick eats places inside the casino.  There are plenty of yummy beverages to drink, and the attendants will even get you sodas if you ask.There is a great locals discount, and definitely "like" them on Facebook to stay up to date with current promotions and specials.  The website is also very detailed, and includes the spa menu, prices, and specials.  Perfect for a control freak like me!I highly recommend Christine for nail services.  She is absolutely wonderful in terms of skill and personality.  So funny and so personable - love her.  I haven't had anyone give a bad massage, but my favorite is definitely Shellen.I can't imagine a better mix of fabulous customer service, excellent value, and true relaxation.  Keep it up Spa Mio!
2	I took advantage of the August $10 spa credit promo for bringing in school supplies.The one employee at the desk asked if I had a service scheduled, which was not listed on the flyer. She then called someone else who told her they are giving out $10 gift cards. I'm writing this because I'm confused as to why I got the snotty attitude for donating school supplies. $10 is not much toward $100 spa services!And wasn't the goal of this promotion to collect school supplies?
5	I normally come here to get my hair done by Janie who does an AMAZING job! Today, I came in to get my first ever facial. I chose the Pore Rescue and face looks amazing! I have sensitive and oily skin and Ashley was able to get blackheads out of my nose and chin that I thought were impossible to remove.  I know it sounds crazy, but it feels as though my face can breathe.  She also gave me a light massage on my neck, shoulders, arms, and hands. All in all, it was very relaxing and felt amazingly good. I will be back! Other perk is they offer discounts to locals. Don't sacrifice saving a buck, spend a little more and go here.
4	I am fairly new to the Las Vegas area. Since I moved here, I have tried three different hair salons. Now, happily I found the Hair Salon in the Spa Mio in the M Resort, a very classy, clean  salon. Tristann did my hair. My compliments to her! She did a great job, and she is a very friendly person. I will definitely go back. And so will my husband. By the way, locals get a 25% discount.
5	Prepare to be pampered. It is wonderful, mostly locals seem to go there. They are schooled in taking care of your every need.  Massages are excellent. Debbie and Michelle are the two therapists I have been too and both are amazing and long term employees of the Spa.  Spa facility is clean, well appointed and has anything you could want. Take your time, spend the day. You will leave feeling refreshed! Ahhh
5	This is another long overdue review that I've been needing to write in a bad way. I actually feel guilty keeping this information all to myself for so long! This place couldn't be more deserving of a fantastic review from yours truly.I come to Spa Mio mostly for blowouts but I've had massages and facials done here as well. I like that I don't even need to request a specific person as I know when I'm coming to Spa Mio, everyone that works here does a great job! It's a rare thing for me to be able to say that about a salon/spa. The fact that all of their hairdressers/therapists are talented saves me time and headaches because then I don't have to work around a specific person's schedule and can just book in right away. Whomever does their hiring is on it! In addition to being great at what they do, all of the people that work here are nice and friendly and always a pleasure to deal with. I've never had a bad experience and I've been coming here a lot and for a long time, as you can see from my number of checkins listed above.They offer discounts for locals which is awesome! They also have a shop in the front where you can buy hair and skincare products, flat irons & other styling tools, bath bombs, even cute jewelry. Come a little early so that you can have a look.Without hesitation, I can recommend Spa Mio to all of my fellow Yelpers. They also offer many other services here including nails (which I have not tried yet) but I can assume their employees are on par with the rest since they're always busy. For more information on all they have to offer visit: http://www.themresort.com/spa/spamenu.htmlFive stars!
4	After my second visit to Spa Mio last week, I just decided I might kind of be in love with this place. First visit was a year or two ago for my birthday, where my husband and I went for couples massages. I don't think I was really able to appreciate the whole experience because the men's and women's facilities are separated and there's very little opportunity to be with your spouse before or after the treatment. We had maybe 5 minutes after changing in the locker rooms in a small waiting area before the therapists came to get us. We then had 50 minute relaxation massages, and I don't know if it was short but I was just left wanting more. I would only probably go back for a massage if it was a longer more intensive massage. That being said, I probably would hesitate to come back here with him, since there's nothing else we can do together without leaving the spa. I wish they had just one co-ed area with hot tubs or plunge pools so you could relax and spend some additional time together.  Spa Mio isn't really unique in this aspect, since that seems to be the case with most spas I've looked into - but regardless I will probably save Spa Mio for girl time, like I did last week with my Mom. We went for her birthday to get her a pedicure and I had a quick manicure. We were early so we got to relax in the waiting area and have some refreshments. I also happened to ask on a whim if they had someone to do eyelashes and luckily they did, so after my manicure I went with one of the aestheticians for that service. Melanie did my lashes and was awesome, I can't wait to go back and schedule a facial or some other treatment. My Mom was really happy with her pedicure as well. So as I said, I will definitely be back for relaxing girl time, but will probably either save the money and get massages somewhere closer to home in Summerlin or continue to search for a spa that has some co-ed facilities.
1	Just showed up for my appointment to find out that I don't have one...  Evidently, booking on the internet isn't actually a method that works to make appointments.  Funny how a business would set up internet scheduling, then not actually honor internet appointments.  Worst part about Yelp is that you can't give ZERO stars on a review.Worst part about this whole experience is that I made the mistake of buying a spa package at a charity auction---  so I am still underwater for $300 of spa services here.  That will teach me.
5	I highly recommend this spa if you are looking to get away from the strip for a more cozy, intimate experience with many perks.  In addition, this is the most underrated spa in the Vegas area.  For instance, I brought my mom for mother's day and bestie for her b-day and they loved it.  One of the employees was so sweet and helped my mom because she was so helpful.  Since it was a weekday, it was quite empty because we chose to visit in the afternoon.  They also upgraded their robes.  Furthermore, the pineapple-cranberry drinks are too delish.  Moreover, we relished in the cucumbers and cold towels for the complete experience.  Since it is summer, you also get access to the main pool which is too awesome!  Almost forgot, I usually start the day pass (no services) by working out at their fitness center stocked with supplies, hit the pool, hot tub, steam room, sauna, and finish with a shower.  Parking is great since you do not have to go through the casino to get there and it is plentiful.  If you are on a budget, I highly recommend a day pass (no services) for $25 during the weekday.  For a quick get-a-way from everything, Spa Mio at the M resort is the best!  :)
1	I was attending a formal gala at the M Resort & needed my hair & makeup done. I figured that being in Vegas, they'd have a lot of experience getting women all dolled up for things like this.  WRONG.  Well, not this time anyway. My hair appt went so-so. Looked nothing like the picture I showed her. I wasn't overly thrilled with it. Then I was walked over to the makeup area & that's where the nightmare began.  "Melanie" was very nice & sweet, we held nice conversation. I asked for the airbrush makeup with contouring, because I like lots of coverage. I also wanted lashes to complete the glam/formal look I was going for. When she was done & handed me the mirror, I was MORTIFIED. It looked like I had no foundation on at all, my eyeshadow was hideous, and my lips looked like the joker. I told the girls at the desk that I was ok with the hair & lashes, so I only had to pay for those services. When I got back to my room to re-do my makeup (I only had 30 min to get ready from this point!!) I noticed that the lashes were already falling out & grossly uneven. I had no choice but to remove them, and with them came out half of my real lashes!!! Now I had to redo my makeup and stuck with sparse horrible lashes. Not cool, especially when I paid for this crappy lash service. Not sure if anyone else at this salon does makeup application...but I do not recommend Melanie as a makeup artist unless you like having to completely redo your makeup and re grow your eyelashes!! Total NIGHTMARE & the night was ruined.
5	I consider myself a spa brat, having been to many on and off The Strip.How have I not discovered this beautiful spa until now?!?!?The facility is gorgeous - beautiful woods, fixtures and decor. The waiting and relaxation rooms were lovely. The only space that's a little awkward is the women's spa/sauna room. Lounge chairs are right next to each other and the room feels a bit small.The customer service and little touches didn't go unnoticed.  They had placed a cute birthday sign and a few toiletries in my mom's locker as I mentioned it was her birthday when I made the reservation. I also loved the fresh fruit juices they had prepared and ready to grab, straw and all.My Sugar Scrub and Relaxation Massage were both incredible; the treatment rooms were relaxing and comfortable I'm already planning my next visit to Spa Mio and don't even mind the drive from Summerlin.  It's THAT worth it!
