4	This Kohl's was built while I was still in high school over at Centennial and that was the first time I had ever heard of Kohl's. My love for this store has grown over the years and this store is very consistant, even now, 7 years later, it is still the same layout, and service ast the day it opened. I can always expect to find a beyond incredible deal when I walk in here, and nothing less. Their slogan "Expect Great Things" is true as can be. So next time I need new khaki pants and only have $12, I'll head over to Kohl's and odds are, I'll find what I need for less. And my fondness for you continues on Kohl's...
5	I absolutely adore shopping at Kohls. In my opinion, this is one of the larger stores. The employees are super nice and the dressing rooms were clean (although a lit' bit funky) the times I have gone. Their clearance racks are the best and you will find some good deals. Don't forget your coupons when you go.
5	I LOVE this place! I'm probably here at least once a week. Haha! I probably find more clothes here than the mall! And the biggest plus is that they have "no hassle" returns meaning you can return pretty much anything, no questions asked. Big thing for me because I love to recycle money!The people here are always friendly too!
3	It's Kohl's. A lot of the things are definitely not my style, but for some basics it's not bad. Found a knit sweater and a coat on mega sale and I definitely needed some winter basics. It was good for shopping for Christmas gifts for people without costing a lot with their many sales. It's right by the house and their returns are no hassles. Sales people on the floor are a bit sparse so hope you don't need any real help. It is what it is.
4	They don't have super fabulous clothes.When they don't have sales it's pretty damn expensive. But when there is a sale, plus use coupon and you get cash when you spend $50 or more. It's a great place.Baby clothes are super cheap or free after sale and stack-able coupons. When you shop online there is cash back sites so that a huge plus. Also when Black Friday sale are always great for Pyrex sets.Returning items are super easy and hassle free. Which is awesome.No sale, I don't even brother with Kohl's lolz =x
4	Kohl's is hit or miss for me.  Sometimes it's great and there's a lot of stuff to choose from, and sometimes no matter how hard I try to spend money, I strike out.But what bumps up my rating is that when it's good, it's very, very good.  Case in point: I bought a kitchen mat to replace the one my dog has slowly been chewing up.  I love that mat, and wanted the same one.  But it was expensive, they had only one available, it was not on sale, and worse, I didn't even have one of their ubiquitous coupons - unheard of!  I thought that $55 was an outrageous price to pay for a kitchen mat, even though it'sbigger than most.  I decided to buy it with the hope that it would be on sale in time to get a price reduction.  I made sure to read their circulars, which I hate doing, and lo and behold, they had a two-day sale on all rugs and mats:  50% off.  My $55 mat, along with the 20% discount I now had, ended up costing $22!  Ya can't beat that.And therein lies a tale...This location is much further from my house, but I was in the neighborhood and needed to get that price reduction.  It seems to havea much better selection of clothing than the one in Boca Park.
2	Terrible customer service! I love the merchandise, but each and every time I have gone in there...the service is terrible...and I walk out. I won't spend money in a place that does not know how to treat people.
4	Great store. We found cute clothes and things for the house. We found some good deals there too.
3	Its Kohls. Typically its hit or miss for clothing but their bathroom and kitchen section are always spot on. Their prices are hit or miss as well but I will say when stuff is on sale its usually pretty good. But much like typical places the really good products are not on sale. They also have a large portion of products from the Vera Wang line. Wonderful stuff highly priced. Its odd sometimes b/c they have really big extremes in their pricing but either way, i'll be back. Its Kohls!
4	Most items that are on sale are affordable for me.  It's close to home and I usually can find something I need or something for the kids.  I love finding things on the clearance racks!!!
4	I'm not a big Kohl's shopper, but I stop by from time to time to see if I can get my hands on any deals. Sometimes when they have a sale, it tends to be a good one, especially if you have a coupon or spend over $50 to get Kohl's bucks. They also have killer clearance deals if you can find your size...I've even bought clothing marked down 80 or 90% although usually it's more like 50-60%. If you ever come in and they don't have your size or item in stock, you can order through one of their kiosks and they'll ship it directly to you for free.The associates here are also very friendly and helpful; and some of the cashiers will even remind you about coupons, but I seem to always forget to check for coupons before coming in.They also have a great return policy and even if you don't have your receipt, they can still look up your transaction if you used a credit/debit card. You can also return online orders here, which is really convenient.
3	It's been a while but I went there looking for cloths for my daughter. They had a good selection of styles but limited on sizes. The store felt very cluttered. Found a few things that worked but not the experience I remember. Worth shopping here over some of the other big department stores and you don't have to go to the mall.
3	It is hard for me to find a lot of anything at Kohl's, but they have a lot of great quality items for very high prices. However, they do have constant sales! Especially for women's items and home items! They have a pretty good selection of shoes; be warned, they dont come cheap! But I always buy workout sneakers here when making my way to the mall is too much effort :P When you visit, it's pretty calm because there is not too much traffic anymore, except on holidays, when there is a buttload of clearance items!
4	The people who work here are nice & funny! The store is clean. They don't have a very large selection of k - swiss and that's my personal shoe of choice. But you can always find stuff for your kitchen or bedroom so I give it four stars.
2	From the "can't give one 'eff" attitude of the underpaid associates to the constant excuse that sodastream refills are "on order", just forget this dump exists and go to Target instead. What a waste of time.
1	My first time in Kohl's, and I'm not impressed. From the over priced bras to the rude sales associates who do not speak and just stare... I had an awkward shopping experience and choose to not by anything because the employees were rude.I'll stick to high end stores from here on out.
1	When you offer me to apply for a credit card once and I say "no" please don't offer me two more times! By the third time the answer is STILL "no" and now you've just pissed me off!
5	LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!! We got so much stuff for back to school here!!! It was so much fun! I love their clothes and shoes, and the girl at the customer service check out is AWESOME! She was so kind to us, and went out of her way to help us both times we went! The only things that are a little bit of a downer are that it's super crowded with racks of stuff, and almost impossible to get around in a wheelchair. So, if you're wheelchair bound make sure you bring someone to help you get around. My husband just pushed the racks and stuff out of the way then moved it back when we were done. Nervy of us? ... Probably, but you've got to do what you've got to do to be the deals! Also make sure you only shop there during the sales, have Kohls bucks, or a coupon. Otherwise their stuff is kind of pricey. Worth it though!
