4	I'm a fan they Definitely helped me out! My car broke down that week !!! Had very little money to put down, but they helped me out where I did payments on my down payment and I was able to drive home that day with a "new" car (to me) !!!!!!  Very helpful and fast. I didn't have to sit and sign paper work for hours while I was doing my test driving they were doing all my paper work. All I did was sign at the end and drive out.
5	I've been to many car dealers before but this one was the most helpful and assertive. I came in with a 92 Honda civic and was able to trade it with my reasonable down payment ($500) and was able to drive away with newer model car. I recommended a friend to Best Auto who was in search of buying a new car. He came in, test drove the car, and voila, walked away a happy dude. Thanks Best Auto.
5	I've been to many car lots in the past couple of weeks and Best Auto is by far the BEST dealership out there. After looking thru rows and rows of cars and not finding what I was looking for. At Best Auto they were able to help me find exactly what I was looking for! They made the whole process fast and easy. They advised me what loans would work better for my needs and helped me get the best deal possible. I'm completely in love with my 08 Dodge Charger and would highly recommend anybody looking for the BEST deals in town to stop by and check out Best Auto. You won't regret it!!
5	I was in need of a car but didnt have the best credit history. Best Auto really helped me out.! They were very helpful and knowledgable about their vehicles and we're willing to work with me to restore my credit. I had been turned down at other dealerships so this was refreshing.  I am thankful to Juan for working with me to get financed and into a vehicle I adore. I recently moved to NJ and had no issue using my car for the transport. Best Auto sells top notch used cars!! I highly recommend this dealership:).
5	I endorse this dealership!I refer all of my clients who need vehicles to Best Auto.  Best Auto has flexible financing options and stands behind their quality used vehicles.
1	Stay away from this company.  The management are deceptive and do not pay their bills.
1	This owner of this company will try to intimidate first then finally offer to pay for good reviews to try to cover up their shady practices.  See screen shots uploaded.
4	I shopped for a used car for months and couldn't really find any dealership that wanted to help due to my bad credit. Carlos helped me get into a really nice used Chevy Tahoe. Had a few little things wrong with it but they fixed all the little things and I'm thankful! If your looking for a nice used car or truck just stop by and see these guys! You won't be sorry trust me
