5	I went here with my besty from high school the day after Christmas and OMG! This was my first spa experience and I'm hooked for so many reasons. I walked in and was given a locker and sandals and a robe. There's plenty of showers and they're all  stocked with towels, soap, shampoo, conditioner etc. and they're CLEAN!! Got a hot stone massage from Frank and was in HEAVEN! I'm definitely going back for more R&R from here. I also received a facial from I think her name was Tiffany? I can't remember, but she was so cool and gave me tips on where to go on the strip for the best clubs etc. I didn't pay for this, but I heard the total and gathered that it was around 250 for a 70 min massage and 20 min. facial  Pricey but SO WORTH IT!!!! I think they have cheaper deals during the weekdays.
4	I booked an appointment for my wife and I to get Lomi Lomi massages.    Now the spa is immaculately clean, and once you check in they give you a robe and slippers to walk around in.  Everything you need to go ready for the day is there at the spa.....shampoo, dryers, conditioner, mouthwash, razors, shave gel....EVERYTHING.  They even have a coffee/cappuccino machine there while you wait.I should have read the fine print though, because they add a 20% service charge to all spa services.    So two Lomi Lomi massages at $115 each....that added quite a bit to the bill.   Of course I think they should be tipped, but what if they don't do a good job...then what?   The person who did my massage....well there were a few parts of the massage where she is massaging my temple and scalp....she breathes out deeply....ugghh....cigarette breath.The Spa is definitely worth a visit, just beware of the automatic 20% service charge.
4	This my one of my favorite Spas.  I went years ago when it was called Oasis and it was better then... it was opened 24 hours.  However, I do realize that they have changed quite a bit since my first visit years ago.  They offer you everything that you need, a locker w/ a robe, slippers, towels, iced water, fruit drinks, teas, fresh fruit, snacks, lotion, hair necessities (gel, comb, brush, curling iron, blow drier, hair spray), deodorant, razors, mouthwash, cotton swabs - the works.It is immaculately clean and I love that they keep the place picked up (towels etc.) really nicely without being in my personal space.I have had massages and a facial there. One of them was way under average.  I was told that the gentleman was blind.  I would have thought it would have been even better after hearing that.  You know, more attuned to the feel of a persons body needs through touch.Their staff was very professional and friendly and very attentive while giving my space to relax and enjoy the space.They have their own brand of body wash, shampoo and conditioner called Nurture.  I did like the Oasis' style better because each of the showers had a different set of fragrances in them and I think over the course of 4 days I used almost all of them - Lavender Citrus, Ocean Breeze, Cucumber and on and on.I do wish they would put the chaise lounges back next to the jacuzzi they were nice to relax on.I really look forward to going here each time I go to Las Vegas.  Even when I am not staying at the Luxor I go here for some me time at least once per trip. See You There!
3	I was in Vegas on business and was staying at the Luxor when I decided to try out the spa.  They offer many different massages such as hot stone, lomi lomi, sports, deep tissue and therapeutic.  I opted for the swedish since I wasn't feeling too stressed.  Once you sign up for a treatment you are granted access to the sauna, steam room, plunge pools and lounge area.  The lounge area is stocked with fruit and many beverages to hydrate you.  I decided to utilize the plunge pools and sauna before I went back for my massage.  Before I knew it the therapist called me back for my treatment.  She had strong hands and adjusted the pressure for my target areas.  It was an overall good massage and experience.***I do have to say that the only lacking area is the decor.  I think they need to remodel.  I have been to better designed spas and when you are in Vegas you expect the best.  Hopefully remodeling plans are in their future.
5	STEPHANIE HEADEN IS THE BEST!!!  Just had to get that out at the get go.I went to Vegas for a much needed vacation.  Prior to my arrival I searched online for the best massages for the cheapest prices.  Based on the reviews, websites and distance from my hotel (The Signature @ The MGM Grand) I decided on Nurture.  I opted for the 80 minute deep tissue massage because I'm a runner, so I seem to have tense muscles from my ankles to the top of my head.  I have to first mention that if you aren't staying at Luxor, with the purchase of ANY treatment, you get access to the spa for the entirety of that day, both before and after your treatment.  Since I knew this ahead of time, I arrived about an hour and a half before my massage to take advantage of the gym to do some running and sit-ups...you know...really give my masseuse something to work on. :)  After I finished I rinsed off in one of their showers, and put on the robe and slippers that were waiting for me in the locker they assigned me.  I then grabbed a magazine, some hot tea and sat in one of their comfy chairs listening to soothing music while I waited for Stephanie.  Upon first meeting her I was greatly relieved.  I'm always worried when I get a deep tissue massage that I'm either going to get someone who isn't strong enough, or who is beating the hell out of me.  First impressions alone told me that she was assertive, knew what she was doing, and would listen to feedback.  Turned out I was right on all fronts.  We talked while she pushed the lumps out of my shoulders and back, and I found out she has been doing this for 14 years.  Besides that, she competes in fitness competitions, used to be a personal trainer, and basically knows a heck of a lot about the human body.  She talked as much as I did.  I felt like if I hadn't been receptive, she would have stopped.  I happen to like a little chit chat though.  She really did a great job.  Took me to the brink of my pain threshhold and was soothing at the same time.  After we said our goodbyes I spent about 40 minutes sleeping in the sauna.  SOOOOOOOOO relaxing.  I cannot wait to go back to Vegas just so I can get another massage from Stephanie.  Forget the gambling, drinking and partying...she will be the reason I go back.
5	Just went back the day before Thanksgiving. Frank! I've had different masseuses back in Cali since then, but none top Frank! Gah! Place is still immaculate and the staff are all very nice and attentive...except for the cleaning lady who was watching me like a hawk dry my hair because I was next to the trash bin. It was only 7:40 p.m! I still had twenty minutes before the joint closed!
2	I use the spas at all hotels I stay at in Vegas and that is almost every other month.  Im definitely the seasoned spa goer! At the Luxor you are charged $15 for resort fee per day on top of your room rate which includes the workout area. You can use the spa facility for an additional $10 per day. The spa at Luxor needs to be thoroughly cleaned and disinfected.  The steam room has very good temperature but it smells like mildew. They have fresh fruits and great herbal tea.  Which I enjoyed very much. My robe was ripped on the side so I didn't get to use it.  A little detail sometimes goes a long way.
4	I remember when this spa was called Oasis, and I remember that they used to open 24 hrs.  I never actually went then, but I was staying at the Luxor and I saw it on the way to the pool. Now I am familiar with spas now and this is the first time going to a spa in Vegas.BEFORE YOU BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT: Go to Spafinder.com and see if they are having a deal, or visit the Spa website.I am pleased to say that I only had to pay for half of my treatments  because I had two spafinder gift certificates.I got the Nurture Perfect Pair which is the 50- min swedish massage with free aromatherapy and the 50- min TRUE personalized facial. Loved it! I had a quick shower first because I had just gotten off the plan and I didn't feel fresh or relaxed. While My esthetician was giving me my facial, she kept recommending products to use like a mask once a week and things of that nature. She didn't try to press me to buy something at the spa. She just wanted me to relax and enjoy myself since it was my birthday. My masseuse was nice and helpful. She reminded me to get up slowly from my massage so I didn't get dizzy. She made sure I had plenty of water. I spent 5 mins in the steam room and 20 mins in the whirlpools.The reason for the four stars is:~ the robes are small. I'm a busty girl. But that was my only issue. Fruit and beverages are provided while you wait. ~ it kind of sucks that I still charge you $10 if you didn't receive any treatments that day but are staying at the hotel. I paid for it the next day anyway so I could go back to the sauna.
4	I came here during spa week and got a good deal.  It was one of the best experiences i've had.  The place was clean and offered everything you would need in a spa. I took advantage of everytjing from the steam room, to the sauna to the the complentary coffee and juices.  Now for the massage, it was better than any other i've had. My masseuse took care of all my knots and really spent time on where it mattered. I appreciate it when they personalize the massage to your needs instead of just going through a practiced routine. I'll definitely have to come back for another spa week deal.
4	This place was great when it was Oasis and is still pretty good and one of my favorites on the strip. They use to be the cheapest, but since renovations, I think pricing is more in line with the strip.  I'm not quite sure what was experienced by the individual that felt they weren't clean.I like the layout and attention to areas for relaxation. That makes it better than Mirage which doesn't quite have enough space for the chill out and Canyon Ranch which is more oriented toward being a Gym. The lighting is wonderful through out, low enough to make you feel at peace.  Also, the ability to grab water and hydrate or to put cucumber on your eyes in multiple places is fantastic.  If you are like me and go to the spa to lounge around for multiple, hours, Nuture is a good one to put on the list. I still think that the strip doesn't quite pay enough attention to spa in general, so I can't give it the full 5.  I mean, go to Asia (half of the Casinos have properties there anyway), check it out and come back and implement all the details. The only thing I would additionally mention, the spa is FAR from the parking area or entrance areas.  You've got a trek if you're not staying at the luxor.  Make sure to give yourself a lot of extra time for your appointment to get to the actual spa.
4	I'm out here in Vegas for my 5th annual birthday trip and going to a spa is always on my itinerary. I bought a Groupon deal before I came out here that Nurture was offering so I was glad to take advantage of the savings and got a 50-minute Swedish massage (my how time flies when you're getting a massage and trying to relax).Lockers were a nice size, my robe and slippers were comfy, and the assortment of juices, teas, fruits, and the coffee/espresso machine were all nice offerings. The massage itself was very relaxing and thorough. My fave part was the cool pads being put on my eyes and the steamed towels wrapped around my feet and under my neck. Only hiccup in my experience was when, about 10 minutes into my massage, the Luxor's alarm system loudly went off and kept repeating the same message over and over again. Thankfully, it only lasted about 5 minutes and my masseuse graciously apologized.I also loved the sauna. I was at Nurture on a Tuesday afternoon so the spa was fairly empty and I had a lot of the amenities (the sauna, steam room, plunge pool) to myself. The spa could def use a makeover, as the lounge area seats were kind of dingy and worn.Overall, I'd rate this my second fave spa and massage out here in Vegas. I enjoyed my time here and would def come back next year with another Groupon.
3	I expected more from this spa. The whirlpool is VERY VERY small. There's a dry and wet sauna that doesn't do justice. The spa is very outdated and I would question the sanitation of the place.Staff inside the women's spa is OK, not friendly, but decent and border line helpful. Overall, I would give the SPA facility a 1 STAR.However, I'm giving them a 3-star because of the service that I received. Got the 80-minute Swedish massage...that was fantastic and its pretty reasonable for being on the vegas strip. Only $150 (thank goodness for Spa Finder).I probably won't come back unless I have a groupon or more spafinder... but I would rather fork out more money for better amenities
4	This review covers only the salon side of Nurture Spa and Salon at Luxor, where I had my hair cut today for the third time by Victoria. The salon is a pleasant place to relax while waiting on a comfortable couch for your stylist. I perused a provided copy of Vegas magazine while waiting briefly for her to emerge. In that short span of time I was offered and received a bottle of water from the receptionist. Here on a first visit a stylist takes the time to consult with a new client concerning exactly what kind of cut or style is preferred. This short but unrushed talk occurs at the stylist's station before a tall mirror. Next it was off to have the hair shampooed while reclining over a porcelain basin following the clipping on of a towel, and turning under my buttoned shirt's collar. I would have thought that such a detail would be no big deal until the back of my neck and my shirt were drenched on at least three occasions somewhere else. Now I appreciate a shampoo where I emerge dry afterward, as on this day. Then it was time for the actual haircut. Nothing much to report on here except that it appears that my hair is turning progressively more white as I continue to mature (at least it is not falling out--which would be far worse!). And, the cutting was done in a very professional manner, using both scissors and a clipper, and wound up looking the way I wanted it to. Eyebrows were also trimmed without having to ask. While this was going on, the place was really bustling with activity on a Friday afternoon. Two women in high reclining seats were receiving pedicures, another was getting her hands manicured, and even a bride walked in--complete with bridal gown on and her white train sweeping across the floor. In fact, I was the only man in the room--which is not a bad thing! With all the action swirling around me amid all the green- and brown-colored items in the room, I felt like the lion must have as he was being pampered in Emerald City. The experience was not cheap--but I knew that going in. A men's haircut & blow-dry starts at $45, plus an automatic 20% service charge. So, at least $54.00 a whack. But at least it's a great haircut!
2	I got a deep tissue massage and was not impressed with the service or the facilities. While I didn't storm out or complain to management or anything, I won't be returning and wouldn't recommend this place to a friend.My date and I didn't have much of a wait despite not having appointments. We were told they had available one male and one female massage therapist, so I spared my guy some awkwardness and insisted he take the female. I got some red haired guy. He was professional, but kind of mechanical and didn't seem in tune with my body. Despite my telling him a couple times NOT to touch my (ridiculously ticklish) feet, he did exactly that 4 or 5 times. And every time he did, my whole body tensed up while kinda defeated the purpose of the massage, if you ask me. He also forgot about my injured thumb I'd warned him about. At the end of massage, I pretty much felt exactly the same as I did before the massage. When I compared experiences with my date, he seemed to have a better time than me. He'd never had a massage in his life until then, but thought it was a great experience. His therapist told him to drink lots of water post treatment, and to use the hot tub and steam room and dry sauna in a certain order. He was practically high from the massage! I was thrilled for him, but couldn't say the same about my experience. The facilities themselves were kind of uninspiring. The locker room was lovely, the beverage selection was great (a cappuccino machine!), and the showers were decent. But the hot tub that looked so glorious in the pics online was terribly disappointing. I spent 3 minutes in it, tops, because I just couldn't find a comfortable spot. There was no way to recline and the walls were too high to tilt my head back and rest a cold towel on my eyes. And I couldn't help but notice the chipped tiles and really old grout job. The steam room and dry sauna were okay, but the ambiance was lacking. Overall, the experience wasn't traumatizing or anything. I didn't leave mad or in pain. At the end of it all, I just shrugged my shoulders and said "It was. . okay." The Yelp 2 Star Rating sums it up nicely:  Meh. I've experienced better.
2	Man this place needs a face lift!  The ladies restroom looks like it's right out of the mid 80's complete with little yellow tiles.  It looks like your high school woman's locker room. BAD news bears. Oh and getting to this place, even when you are a local is next to impossible.  We parked in the garage in the back and walked across the pool area {once we got permission from the walky talky guy b/c we didn't have hotel room keys}. Mission.We had to make our reservation with the Hotel's VIP services because apparently the spa was so busy, extremely understaffed, that they dont' answer their phones.  My friend wanted a female massage therapist, she of course was with a male, so we had to swap. No Biggie Handled.Checking in was slow, checkout was even slower, lady before me was complaining about her 80 minute massage saying it wasn't very good...and she was getting it comped.  Also, bring warm clothes, no kidding, this place hikes the air down to like 60 degrees. It was even too cold in the gym after a 3 mile jog.Waiting areas before and after massages need to be revamped. There was absolutely no music on, no water sounds, no water features, and it was way too bright in there.  Where you keep your stuff is fine enough and the one amazing feature is they had all the water, juice, tea, and fruit one could possibly want.My massage therapist was pretty good.  It was very relaxing. I would never go out of my way to go back. And if I was staying at the Luxor I might go out of my way to go somewhere else close by.
4	I don't typically check out spas while I'm on vacation, but we received a $75 credit to Nurture, so I couldn't resist.  I opted for the classic manicure and pedicure, so my review is based on a trip to their salon only.  Booking was easy-- we walked into the spa that day and I was able to get an appointment for just a couple of hours later. Vince did a great job on my manicure and pedicure.  I normally just read while I'm at the nail salon, but he was really engaging and we ended up chatting for most of the time.  He didn't cut any corners and almost a week passed before my nails started to chip.  Like most hotel spas, the services here are pretty pricey.  After the 20% service charge, my bill was over $100.  I definitely recommend Nurture but I'd save it for a special occasion... it's an expensive treat.
2	I only visited the spa and gym because I was actually staying at the Luxor and figured the $15 day pass was really cheap.  Let's just say if I paid anymore, I would have asked for my money back.First, the place is outdated like the other reviews say.  I understand that this hotel has been around for a while but the spa and gym facilities really need a makeover.  The gym is worse than a 24 Hour Fitness and the towels smell awful (they didn't even smell like detergent or fabric softener but more of like a chemical smell). The lighting in the spa area is awful - think horrible fluorescent ambiance.  The steam room was large and hot but it reminded me of a scene out of gay bath house horror movie - which some people would like I guess.  The locker room area looked like a grandmother's kitchen with old wood cabinets.  The vanity area was lacking big time - no lotion, hair products, brushes, combs, etc.  There were plenty of non-alcoholic drinks and fruits.Bottom line, if you have time to kill and are a gust of the hotel, $15 is almost worth it.
1	The prices are high, naturally. The cut I got was horrible. It looked like a blind person took a hedge trimmers to my head. The stylist was nice, but not skilled for the prices charged.
3	My friend got groupons for $100 services at this spa just prior to our trip to Las Vegas. I looked at the prices for the various services available and, sure enough, most everything was overinflated and too expensive for what was being offered. But this is Vegas, where everyone is a sucker and that's just par for the course.I settled on the deep-cleaning facial ($120 list price), which lasted about an hour. The process itself was really nice and relaxing. It included an arm/hand, neck/shoulder, and foot massage on top of the various applications of whoknowshwhat on my skin while I was laid upon a heated massage table. Ahhhhh. The esthetician was friendly and informative, though she didn't really explain any of what/why she was putting on my skin during the facial. Maybe that's not standard practice, but I like to know what is going on. Afterward, she did give me a face chart that listed some of the products that I may want to purchase (...at those prices, fat chance). She did a few extractions and concentrate on some of the more problem areas, which I appreciated.The spa itself is a bit outdated. It seemed clean enough, but the whirlpool was small and the tiles around it were cracked and worn, the steam room was a boring, white, ugly room, and the bathroom looked like high school. The staff was super friendly and I appreciated the hot coffee/tea/juices available. All in all, while the facial was a nice pampering, I was very glad I did not pay full price. It was really not worth it. My skin didn't look magically any better or feel any better than when I use higher end skin care products from Sephora.
1	I wish I read the reviews here before I purchased a groupon.  I had a 80 minutes swedish massage and ended up still spending 80 bucks.  The facility is old and outdated. The spa is absolutely disgusting. When I was sitting in it, all I saw was old rotten grout hanging on the sides of the spa. I was so terrified that I had to jump out of the spa. The entire facility is simply unimpressive. No snacks or whatsoever, only some drinks in the fridge or coffee.  The front desk staff were unfriendly. No one greets you when you enter the spa. I didn't feel pampered at this spa at all and will never return. Don't waste your money, there are plenty of nice spas on the strip.
3	This place is a perfectly acceptable spa, but I wouldn't expect to be impressed by the facilities. I had a groupon for $100, so I stopped by early on a Saturday morning last summer to get the sugar scrub.The Pros:-I arrived around 8:30 on a Saturday morning, and it wasn't crowded at all. I left around 11 and the pace had started to pick up around then.-Plenty of beverages and snacks. They had every kind of juice and tea imaginable, plus lots of fruit, granola, crackers, etc.-The sauna was wonderful. It was spacious, relaxing, and smelled like cedar.-The showers had little areas where you could change and set your robe down, so nobody has to see you naked if you don't want them to. The shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all smelled great.-Buckets of icy bottled water and cold towels around the sauna and steam room. These were kept fully stocked.The Cons:-Fluorescent lighting in the waiting/relaxation area. It made it hard to relax.-The steam room and jacuzzi area are both a little unsettling. The jacuzzi area has dark tiles surrounding it. It almost felt like a cellar. The steam room was flat out creepy and reminded me of a gas chamber. The walls were plain beige tiles, and the steam was so thick I couldn't see the other side. I couldn't even smell any eucalyptus. I walked out as soon as I walked in.-The treatment rooms are far away from the showers. I had to walk down a long, winding hallway in front of several people (random men included) while wrapped in a sheet to shower off the scrub.  I don't think that will bode well for a more modest person.As for the treatment:It was incredibly relaxing, and my therapist was very friendly. I'm glad I didn't pay full price, though. I felt like my skin wasn't much softer than when I arrived. I did feel relaxed when I left, but I'm not sure if I will return to this spa. There are many others that I want to try, and this one didn't seem to go out of the way to seal the deal for me to return.
4	Great spa.  If u get a massage, ask for Frank- he's awesome!
5	Love this spa, must treat yourself here when you come to Vegas!
3	I had a $50 Luxor voucher I redeemed here. It took forever to get someone on the phone to help  me so I could make a reservation.  Not to mention it took forever for the guy to answer my bloody questions! He kept putting me on hold. I REALLY wanted to cancel my vouchers & redeem it somewhere else, but couldn't. :(  When I got there for my appointment,  the guy had the nerve to tell me that I wasn't in the system. WTF?!? I was already annoyed with the whole experience & I didn't even start my appointment yet! Finally, I was able to go in for my appointment. Because I never been to a FULL spa before, I didn't know that they give out free juice, water, etc, so that was cool. This location had this deal if you buy a package, you get to use the sauna & Jacuzzi all day, unlimited. If you don't want a package, but just want the spa part, its only $25 all day, which is cool. I might consider that in the future. My massage was really good. She was a professional & gave me a good experience, but I still think the receptionist guy really gave me a bad 1st impression. Overall, 3 starts.  I will give these guys another chance in the future.
1	Don't waste your time of money.I came in to Vegas for a friend's wedding. I had planned on getting a leg and Brazilian wax before I left but my normal aesthetician had a family emergency come up and had to cancel. I figured that once I got to Vegas I could hit up the spa and get it taken care of without trying to figure out how to get to some of the places off the strip. I was staying at the Luxor and though the price was about double what I'd usually pay I went ahead and booked the appointment. First I was surprised to know that they booked both full leg and Brazilians for 50minutes each! Damn Gina! In 2 hours my normal girl can wax me from head to toe and leave me looking smooth as a baby! To make matters worse, the girl actually took closer to 2 1/2 hours. I know I walked in looking like Sasquatch, but I've never had a wax take so long. She was incredibly nice, and made me feel comfortable which I consider really important when someone is all up in my hooha. Strike two occurred when I noticed  (though not until the end of the service) that the woman double dipped. WTF? I can't believe that any reputable spa would allow that. When she was finished I had to rush to leave because I was meeting friends and was running a bit late. So the next morning color me disappointed when I noticed several spots on my knees and the back of my thighs where patches of long hair was left. This wasn't the new growth patches that can be difficult to remove, these were spots that were completely overlooked. I also noticed a thumbprint bruise on my knee and also some smaller bruises on my pubic area. When I called to talk to a manager she stated that I needed to file a report with security. I literally had my entire weekend booked from start to finish so there wasn't really time for that. Instead I sent her pictures of the bruising on my knee. She asked what I would like for her to do about  and I said that I'd like to get my money back. She gave me half back.So I ended up spending $90 instead of $180. Better but not great.Especially when you consider that the price for both services were $150 and the extra $30 was mandatory gratuity. I don't understand why they didn't just increase their pricing if they're going to mandate gratuity.Definitely don't recommend this place, at least not for waxing services.
3	Stayed at the Luxor w my ma and hubby for her Christmas/retirement present. Hubby and I got deep tissuesMa got a swedishOne star: people were niceTwo stars: Their coupon book provided a big discount (would've been disappointed if I paid full price)Three stars: my ma enjoyed her massageNow, heads up...When you arrive, you are brought to a locker room area where you are forced to change down to your birthday suit and into a robe in front of everyone else. VERY awkward. I asked the receptionist if there was a changing stall/room, she said no. It is clean. But I have had better swedishes than the deep tissue I got. Hubby thought bis deep tissue was average. Nothing to exalt about.
4	I recently visited this Spa on a girls trip to Vegas and the experience was pretty decent.  The massage therapist(Janice) and the message were great.  The staff behind the doors, not the first people you encounter upon coming in, were also pretty great. We had some complications when we reserved our appointments.  They neglected tell us that we would be charged a $120 cancellation fee if we had decided to cancel...which probably happens often after a long night in Vegas.
1	I not only make it a point to visit the spa at the hotels I stay at in Vegas but I also love to pamper myself with massages and spa visits here at home so I am seasoned a spa goer. I also know a good massage when I get one and I did not get one here. I spent $150 on a 80 minute Swedish massage and they added a $30 service charge to it which is unbelievable considering I feel like that was not earned. I am all for paying a service charge because the spas in Vegas charge them and I typically tip on top of that but this time I did not. That service charge was more than enough! Ok time to break this down for you. Front desk (check in):Ok this place was off to a bad start because of the experience with checking in. I had an appointment and I arrived an hour beforehand because I planned on enjoying the spa a little before my massage. I arrive and the lady behind the desk is already helping someone. Well what was going on here is he was looking for his wife who I guess was in the spa area. I am standing there waiting and she is dealing with this guy and apparently someone else had already gone to the back to look for his wife. So if that's the case why couldn't he step aside and allow me to be checked in. He was already being helped and this was taking a while so I found it a little annoying. Then she finally acknowledges me and has him step aside so I can be checked in. She gives me a form to fill out and then walks off. I fill out the form and I am left standing there. Another girl comes out and tells the man his wife had already cause she was not back there. She then asks me if I need help and I gave her the form and she checked me in. That took way too long to get started. The Spa:So disappointing! The Luxor has a badass theme to work with and they could have made you feel like Cleopatra or something by having a kick ass spa. Caesar's Palace spa has the Roman Baths so I had thought they might do something like that. The customer service in that area was not that great either. I walked in and I was not greeted.  I was given a locker and a key. I had sandals on already so they did not offer me any. No matter I guess. I was not given a tour or anything so I guess it is good the place is small. The only thing she showed me is where the lockers were. The spa has nothing. Two very small tubs, a sauna, and a steamroom. Nothing else. No cold plunge and the water temps in both spas were too hot. No warm relaxing water spa like the other ones I have been to. Steamroom and Sauna were unimpressive. The only thing this place has going for it is the relaxation area and the juice and fruit they offer. The chairs there were very comfy and they had TV to keep you entertained. I spent most of my time there. The Massage:Another disappointment. I went in for an 80 minute Swedish massage. I ended up getting an 80 minute deep tissue on steroids. It hurt!!! Swedish massages are light to medium pressure and are not meant to hurt. I have had alot of those in my lifetime. The masseuse's name was Kristin and she was rude. No other way to say it. She explained what a Swedish massage was and her words were it is a light to medium pressure full body massage. She also said if she was going too hard or too soft to let her know. Well while she was murdering my neck, back and arms I let her know it was too hard and she got a huge attitude with me about it which shocked me. When I said it was too hard she sighed hella loud and said "ok uh huh." After that it was extremely uncomfortable because I think I seriously made her mad. You could cut the tension with a knife. What made it worse is when she was doing my legs she started to hurt me again to the point to where I was wincing so I reluctantly said something again and same reaction. I was so uncomfortable after that. I'm sorry but if I am paying $180 for a massage then I think you should make me comfortable and use the pressure I like without complaint. She was so unprofessional. The one thing she did do well and it felt great was she massaged my face and scalp. The face massage made me melt. It felt amazing and the scalp massage was great too. The rest of it sucked and hurt like hell. I have had deep tissue massages that did not hurt nearly as bad. She made me so uncomfortable because of her reaction that I spent the entire time tense. Let's just say this is why I did not tip on top of the service charge. It was not deserved. Once we were done and I got dressed she walked me back and did not even say goodbye to me or have a nice day or thank you or anything. I only mention that because at other spas they were more polite. Check out:I just wanted out. I got dressed turned in my key and went to the front and paid and left. Check out was quick thank goodness. Bottom line I would not come here again even if I got comped. There are WAY too many spas in Vegas where I can spend the same amount of money and have a much better experience and enjoy much better facilities. This place is j
4	Very Solid spa - the people are always friendly and usually remember me despite only coming in 2-3 times a year.  The services are overpriced but so are all the spas on The South Strip.  It is very clean and a relaxing way to spend your morning free of the screaming kids at the pool*.*For the love of god please stop bringing your kids to Vegas, just stop.
1	DONT EVER GO TO THE SPA GUYS! As I was leaving I was approached by 2 security guards accusing me from two other guests that I was acting aggressively. I was upset and also uncomfortable. In the end I then proceeded to tell the security guards this is the last time I will come here. I told them that I felt very uncomfortable over accusations that were not true. DON'T EVER GO TO THE SPA AT LEXWORD MEN YOU MAY GET STOPPED BY SECURITY AND BE ACCUSED!
1	Unfortunately I have to severely drop my rating of the Nurture Salon after showing up this afternoon for my pre-booked haircut appointment and being informed that my stylist decided to leave early, so wasn't there, but I could reschedule if I wished. I also didn't see any other stylist present in the salon at this time--just the receptionist.  After my wasted 1-hour round trip drive and payment of a $5.00 tip for 15 minutes of valet parking (It wasn't the valet's fault, so why should he be penalized for my misfortune?!), I found a voicemail on my cell phone informing me that my stylist had left for the day, and I could reschedule or try another stylist if I wished.  Nothing was said on the phone or in person about any family emergency or other legitimate reason for a sudden departure by my stylist and abrupt termination of my appointment.As for rescheduling, I told the receptionist, "No thanks!"  With that lack of customer service reliability, I will either let my long hair grow even longer for a time or take a chance on a stylist on the ship I will soon be boarding.
1	Me and my 2 girlfriends made appointments at nurtures salon to get our hair done for my brothers wedding the first week of August. Upon arrival they told us they had moved one of our appointments because a stylist no longer worked there. They never called to let us know they were moving it and we were on a time limit because of the wedding and the attitude of the staff was awful. They couldn't have cared any less that this was inconvenient for us. Then we had our hair done all I had was curls with my hair pinned to the side and they told me it was an updo and charged me $120!!!  My friend got her hair curled and because her hair is an inch below her ears she has to be charged for medium length hair which is $90!! Seriously awful customer service, I will never go back and will do everything I can to recommend no one else go here either. Awful awful awful experience!
5	It has been a few years since I visited this spa, and it was not open 24 hours and called the Oasis.I wasn't there to work out. I was there to relax, meet other men and enjoy all of the free snacks.The wet area is outstanding....very clean, and all the towels you could possibly use. It would be terrific if it was still open 24 hours....but nighttime is gambling time. Can not wait till February to get back and spend a lot of time there.
