4	I have been a patient for a little under 1 year now due to employer insurance change in coverage. I had to find a new primary care physician and found Tempe Family Practice through our network. I called to schedule an appointment for my annual woman exam and they immediately discovered that there were other issues going on with me although my results from my exam came back perfect. I have had my procedure done through a specialist Dr. Alia referred me to and feel great!Also, within the past 4 weeks my daughter had an incident during a basketball game at school and we had to get her into the emergency room. Per their direction we were to see our primary care after a week, but when I called in to schedule that appointment, they suggested that we get her in within the day due to my daughter's constant headache's. During our visit, Dr. Alia was very attentive and showed genuine concern for her even though this was his first time seeing her. He then referred us out to a Pediatric Neurologist and we are currently under her care and direction, but Dr. Alia is still involved. During these few weeks Dr. Alia has taken the time to call me personally to check on my daughter to ensure that she is making positive progress and to see if we have any unanswered questions. How often does that happen? I love it...In all of my years going to different doctor's I have never had a Doc take the time to call him/herself. I have also referred a friend to him and they were also able to diagnose what had previously been misdiagnosed by another doctor and get her back in tip top shape. I will continue to come to Dr. Alia and Tempe Family practice and encourage you to do the same.Keep in mind, the office is not brand new with all the fancy new furniture in the lobby, but I would much rather have better care and a proper diagnosis than go somewhere that's pretty.
5	I needed to find a new doctor that was near me and took my insurance. I found this office on my insurance company's web site. I called and made an appointment. Since I was a new patient they do a first visit before they do the full physical that I was ultimately after.The office is pretty easy to find. It is in a row of office buildings. There is a sign out front and the building they are in only has 3 suites so it wasn't that hard to track down the front door. They are older offices in Tempe but they still look good. It was very nice when I walked in. The person at the front desk was very nice and checked me in. There was only one page of info to fill out plus two more things to sign but it was very easy and didn't take that long at all.Once that was done the nurse called me back only a minute or two after I turned in my paper work. I noticed all the nurses and physicians assistants were carrying around laptops which is cool. It is not a big office but it is very nice and well equipped. All of the staff were all very nice and helpful and put you at ease for being in a doctors office. The exam didn't take that long and they went over a lot of information.I will be back for sure. Sure I will be back for the physical that I scheduled that day but even after that I will be back. A nice, friendly and helpful staff makes a doctors office.
5	I have been seeing Dr Alia for almost 10 years. When I started seeing him, I was covered by AHCCCS/Medicaid, which I was dropped from after a couple years. Through 6 years of being uninsured, this office kept me healthy! They were always willing to help me find the most cost-effective way to treat my chronic illness, gave samples when they could, completed all the paperwork I needed for prescription assistance programs. I now have insurance and have moved to the other side of town, but I refuse to go anywhere else. I love this staff!
