1	I first walked in and thought the place looked nice and clean. However,  after sitting there and halfway through my pedicure I realized they don't wash the towels they rinse them and set them out to dry! Then they don't sterilize the tools. And the guy that did my pedicure didn't wear gloves. The polish selection is the WORST. They hardly had any colors. My manicure looks like i did it myself and my eyebrows aren't even. Needless to say I will never go back or refer this place to anyone. **Update** It is now 2 days after I get my manicure and the polish is already pealing off of my nails. I will be going back tomorrow to get my money back!
1	Don't bother. They take forever and are very rough.  They cut me when I was getting my pedicure and didn't even apologize. I will not go back.
1	NEVE AGAIN. I went here.  First she kept tugging my arm to get me closer. I'm the client I'm suppose to be comfortable not you.  Next it only took 15 minutes because I interrupted her eating.  She did not cut them down nor did she seal them.  Of course she did not paint them she had the teenager in that was there paint them.  My own daughter could have done better.  Now it is the next day I have two nails that popped off and can't be fixed til my next payday. Next time I'll drive to my place in Gilbert whet I get awesome service.
1	Came here cause it's close, but quickly realized why the place is empty. I had a refill and a pedicure.  The lady did my refill was very rough,  kept tugging at my arm and even asked me to sit a different way to make her more comfortable,  the drill had waaaaaay to much power,  she hurt my cuticles. ..I kept looking at her as if we were in a horror film and she was the butcher with the drill out to get me. Nail polish selection is horrible, don't bother with it after I regreted my first selection  I asked them to change it and they said no.  My nails look butchered and the painting even worse. My feet were done by the man and he was rough and the massage was like a minute long cause they keep watching the football game.  Needless to say the towels..oh gawd....the towels...another horror flick reference inserted here. I'm sitting here writing this review thinking I won't tip.
1	Overall the customer service was nice but they're delivery of services was poor.I had went in with a cousin to get her eyebrows done and what she got was a poorly rushed wax for $10.As we went in, the main waxer was doing nails and we waiting shortly. She finished, took my cousin to the back to do her eyebrows and as she did that, the customer she had just finished helping began to complain about her poor nail polish job. She started crying and I sort of felt bad but at the same time, it seemed like she was being dramatic. Another worker had come to assist the cryer and she told her they'd remove the polish so the worker goes to the back to inform the main lady and from there, I'm guessing she rushed through the wax. My cousin came out with stray hairs and no soothing lotion. My cousin was pissed. She paid and left and we've vowed never to go back. Each service should be done carefully and to the best of their extent.
1	By far the worst manicure pedicure I have ever received. They rough, rude and provide low grade services. I actually need to file my nails to be even and my gel manicure was globbed on. Better luck doing your own nails.
