1	Hubby and I moved in here 2 years ago, in he beginning it was AMAZING. it was run by fairfeild management and I have to say they are the best they really cared about their residents and the property.After about a year Picerne took over, and OMFG this place went to hell fast. the management is the worst. they put notices on our door for non payment of rent when our rent was in fact paid, we have had to make numerous complaints on our neighbors downstairs for the fighting and slamming they do at all hours, we have called the police more then once, yet Robin refuses to deal with the problem. The cleanliness has gone to hell too, there is dog poop every where, the garbage by the elevator is almost never emptied unless you call to complain about it, and the smell from it will make you want to vomit. the pool tile hasn't been scrubbed in so long that someone wrote in the film on it picerne sucks... one letter in each tile that goes all around the pool. The elevator is also a problem they don't properly maintain it and it is constantly breaking down. In fact my husband was stuck in it for over two hours, and recently another resident was stuck for over an hour. Over all do yourself a favor avoid picerne and avoid mosaic all they want to do here is collect rent, everything else can fall by the wayside. If you want a great place to live go to a fairfeild property they are what management should be like.
5	I lived here for 2 years. I love it when I first moved in. Fairfield was the management company and they really kept up the property. It was a young fun place to live at. Friendly neighbors and they would do party's at the pool area. Yoga on Mondays and really felt like resort living. Once Picerne took over it turned very much into families with kids and the monthly activities that they had were very kid oriented as coloring contest monthly and ect. They're definitely more family oriented for the monthly residents activities. I loved living here, but these apartments weren't made for kids!
1	I was offered a new job in Las Vegas and was apartment hunting. Mosaic looked like, and the leasing staff was nice. However, they required my email address before I was able to take a tour, and I have been getting emails almost every other day since (it's been 2 weeks!). I replied numerous times saying that I've turned down the job and no longer need their apartments and want to be removed from their list, but I never hear back from them and there is no unsubscribe button in the emails. I still get the same auto-generated blast email repeatedly from them. It's very annoying and a turn-off to me as a once prospective tenant. If they can't even manage their email systems, can they really manage an entire complex?
2	The apartment is okay - it should be, it's on the higher end of pricing in this market. The pools are nice and reasonably well maintained but not really suitable for lap swimming. The company claims to have (1) a business center with multiple work stations and (2) a java bar as amenities. They are so bad that this basically constitutes a flat-out lie. The "business center with multiple work stations" is two small rooms open during office business hours - so it's useless if you, say, come home from work at 6 and want to use the business center to print something out. That'd be okay, though, if the computers actually worked. They are terrible, dated, slow machines that are practically useless. At least half the time, they literally don't work (which is tough luck for a lot of residents, as there seem to always be residents there *trying* to use the machines). When I say "don't work," I don't mean they are slow - I mean they literally do not work (the screen won't turn on, the keyboard doesn't work, etc). When they work, they are slow and filled with old, insecure software like ancient versions of internet explorer. Don't access anything private on them. The java bar is a single keurig machine with extremely low-stocked supplies and virtually no variety. It's located in the middle of the leasing office, which makes it kind of weird if you actually do want to use it - you have to randomly go in someone's office and use their stuff. If it were really intended for resident use and benefit, it'd be located 10 feet away in the resident's clubhouse. My two star review is based on the fact that the management company lies about amenities and thinks its okay to do that. Living here is fine (other than the falsely advertised amenities), but for the money you may as well go to one of the much nicer Ovation properties. (No, I don't work for ovation. I'm just sick of attempting to use the Mosaic "amenities" to print something and not being able to because the machines and maintenance are horribly bad).
1	Just went to check these out for my dad who just moved to vegas. Amber, the girl who greeted us couldn't have been more annoyed we were there. She insinuated my father couldn't afford the rent and her tone of voice showed she was annoyed we were asking questions like we should have known the answer. Prices are incredibly expensive for having a poor attitude. Amber needs a new job.
5	Just moved to Vegas with my brother, we looked at over 20 different places until we found the perfect one!! That being Mosaic Apartments!! We were greeted by an amazing staff who helped us feel right at home! We love the location, it's quiet, clean, and is only 15 min from the strip! So when we want to go out and have fun it's a short cab ride. If you are looking for a place to call home I recommend Mosaic apartments! Two thumbs up!
1	They are building an ikea across the street.  Construction starts at 6am Sun thru Sat.  My car is constantly covered in dust every am.  They should issue a hardhat when you sign a lease.
