4	Great bbq and service is great.
3	Shane's is a chain BBQ joint that serves about what you would expect from a chain.  Consistently OK food.  Pluses for the food include, pork that is a good mix of inside moist pork and the outside crunchy bark.  The ribs are fall off the bone tender and have a mildly smokey flavor.  On the minus side is that the pork has very little smoke on it and the consistency makes it seem like it is kept in a steam table as it's a little on the soggy side.  Three of the sauces, regular, hot, spicy, taste about the same and I can't really figure the difference between the hot and the spicy.  All have an overwhelming chili powder taste.  The mustard sauce is a bit on the sweet side for my tastes but not bad overall.  The service at this location is pretty fast and definitely friendly.  At the end of the day, Shane's is a once a year kind of place for me as it takes about that long to forget that it's just ok and not really worth the effort.
4	Shane's is pretty decent BBQ for a chain. I always get the pulled pork plate; the meat is juicy, portions are generous, side dishes are ok, and the food is delivered quickly.Really a three stars for the food, but I give it an extra star for going out of their way to identify what is gluten free. The information is greatly appreciated.
4	The family went last night after visiting North Lake Mall. You order at the counter and they bring you the food. Service was quick. Place was very busy.  I had the half-chicken plate and wife had the pulled pork plate. The plates come with two sides and garlic bread  Children had pork sandwich and chicken fingers. The chicken fingers can be ordered grilled which is healthier than fried  Everyone enjoyed their meals. Portions are good sized.  The BBQ sauces came in three varieties and were tasty. The sweet tea was also good.  Drinks are self-service.  The place was clean and staff was very friendly and helpful  I gave it four stars because the place was much better than average in all aspects and we will return when we are in the area.
4	I'm happy to be the 1st to review this location.Very good ribs!The ribs are meaty and fall right off the bone.Their pork bbq is served with vinegar based sauce if you like that style.They also have a great selection of sides, try the fried okra, it is excellent!
5	Pretty decent! Love the environment, awesome sweet tea, and it is far from pricey!!! Great outdoor seating area & free wifi!
3	Just had a quick lunch at this location near NorthLake Mall.  You know for a chain BBQ jiont, it is great.  Actually, chain or not it rivals many here in Charlotte.  I had the combo sampler platter with pork, ribs and chicken tenders,  I admit tenders are an odd item for a BBQ place perhaps.  But these are the biggest tenders I have seen.  A choice of sauces or grilled if you prefer.  Very good.The pork was juicy and tender, the ribs fork tender and full of flavor.  But the ribs seemed to be more steamed or something like that rather than cooked low and slow on a smoker.  Sides were good too.  VERY cheesey M&C.  Yum.  The platter was pretty big too.  Maybe too big for lunch. I'm stuffed.In and out in 30 minutes with friendly service.  Sure you could find better BBQ joints but this one won't be a bad one any time.
5	Very nice set up inside for a chain, and the staff was very knowledgable when it came time to order.  I ordered the 2 meat combo, pulled pork and ribs.  It came with 2 sides so I got the fried Okra and Mac n cheese.The pulled pork was very tasty and super moist.  The ribs were fall off the bone delicious cant believe I finished both because the portions were huge!Fried Okra was fresh with the perfect balance of seasoning crunch on outside and soft on the inside.  Mac was good and cheesy!I am giving it 5 stars because the food and  staff.  Staff picked up my bone dry plate and cleared the table for me.  I will definitely return for more!
5	A great BBQ fix! With large portions of mouth-watering, fall-off-the-bone ribs, succulent pulled pork and side dishes that work oh so well, Shane's Rib Shack is one of the best BBQ places I've been to in quite some time. For a chain, it exceeded my expectations. Would definitely eat here again!
3	The food is good but the service is mediocre at best. You tend to have to wait quite a bit of time in order to place your order. Meanwhile there is a camera placed looking at the registers but no one is looking at how many people are waiting in line. I listened to one of the employees telling a Customer that a plate did not contain have a half pound of meat... It had 8oz on it. That should tell you all you need to know about the waitstaff. But as stated earlier the food is pretty good. The sauce selection is nice. And when the servers are doing their jobs it is served really quick.
5	It's a great place to go for casual BBQ which is rare to find. I took my dad n he's a BBQ critic he said it was ok which is a push for him. It's not right off of the smoker but if your craving BBQ it's a quick grab and go fix.
3	This is one of our old faithful spots a place we go when we are hungry, but in the mood for nothing in particular.  The service is okay and sometimes can be a long line if there's only one cashier.  The peach tea, fried okra, baked beans & seasoned fries are really tasty. We just wish the pulled Chicken was a little warmer, it's lukewarm whenever we get it.  Prices are decent where a plate gets you Texas Toast, 2 sides for right at $9/$10 ( no drink)  Never had a sticky table or dirty bathroom visit.
5	We stopped in for a quick bite before a late movie and Shane's was packed!  This was around 8pm on a Saturday.  A couple things impressed me after noticing how busy they were:Always had ice available for drinks.Always had fresh brewed tea available.Bathrooms stayed clean (went in before and after meal).Order names were called loud enough to be heard above the crowd, yet not be annoying.Food orders were processed in a timely manner considering the size of the dine-in and carry out Customers.And with all this happening, we still had a Food Runner and a Manager stop by just to ask if everything was good during our visit.  Way to go Shane's!!
4	Love this place!!!!! Fantastic Peach cobbler
5	Wanted a quick bite of BBQ on our travels north. We were coming from Orlando and wanted some good grub to carry us back to PA. Shane's ended up being the perfect spot! It presents as a fast food restaurant but believe me, it is quality BBQ food. All 3 of us in our party got the sampler platter. It came with chicken or pork, ribs, chicken tenders, 2 sides, and a piece of toast. $10, can't beat it. I tried all 4 sauces placed on the table and they were great. Would definitely eat here again!
2	Food is good, but the service is awful.   Went for lunch yesterday.  35 minutes after we ordered our food still wasn't out.   When asked,  they said they knew the ticket system wasn't working.  Ten minutes later we got our food.   The manager visited the table next to us apologizing for their wait,  then refunded their meals.   They are clueless...
