2	We've purchased tires from Discount Tire before...we've purchased tires from this location before.  On the plus side:- this location took care of the tire that needed repair. - the rep suggested that I leave the spare (a full-size tire - not a donut) where it was and, for 'safety reasons', use the repaired tire where a badly worn was.After agreeing to the rep's suggestion, the badly worn tire was to go back in the trunk.  But I would have thought that it would have been placed back properly - in the compartment with the cover placed over it.  INSTEAD, they just put the worn tire into the AAA bag the flat tire was in and just threw it into the trunk! WOW, really???Sorry, you didn't convince me to purchase two brand new tires the day of my visit but service is service!   After this experience, we probably won't shop here again.
4	Ordered 2 - 325/30ZR19 Run Flats for my Z06 from these guys. The tires came in when they were supposed to and they banged out the installation in under an hour. The flexed on the price to match TireRack.com. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is I thought that the installation price should have been a little bit cheaper.
5	If anyone were to come here make sure you deal with Tony Gunn... He is by far the most polite and easiest person to deal with here at discount.
4	This is the 3rd time I have been to Discount Tires.  2 times for new tires and today for a rotation and to fix a leak in a tire purchased this fall.  Each time I have been there all of the employees are so polite and professional.  My only complaint is that I scheduled my appointment online and still had to wait an hour.  I understand today was a busy day, but I believe that if you take time to schedule an appointment, you should be put in front of walk-ins.  Besides that, I will continue to go to the Surprise location because they have always been polite, respectful, and professional.
1	Mismanagement and broken promisesBought $800+ worth of Michelin tires on Apr 29, 2013 at your Surprise, AZ store on W Bell Rd. Joe was great and brought car to my home a mile away, as I am under doctor care for an ailing back. Returned May 9 for vibration issues and rebalance. Vance said it would be a while, and he would come get me at home, same as Joe. I told him I could probably walk home OK, but doubt if I could walk all that way back later. Vance called an hour later, said car was done but they were busy, and could they bring the car at 6:00 when they closed. I said yes and thanked him. At 6:00 manager Tony called me and said they don't deliver cars to homes (news to me!), and actually ARGUED with me for nearly 3 minutes, not letting me talk or explain what his staff had told me. I finally gave up and reluctantly walked back to get the car. Took me nearly 30 minutes to walk back, cutting through a large dirt commercial lot to save a few steps. There was no one in the office to greet me, although there were still customers around, but no sign of Tony. Found my keys on the counter, unattended, took them and left. Saw Joe in the parking lot and told him what Tony had said, and Joe said he would have been happy to give me a ride, and to talk to him next time. There will be NO next time. As a customer for nearly 3 decades, I will never buy another tire from your stores again.
5	What a great experience!  Tom and the guys are awesome.  Needed a new tire, dropped off the car - I had 4 returned calls about the status.  Price was reasonable- but I'm to the point in life if I get exceptional service I'm sold.  This discount tire is indeed as good as it gets!Mike
1	I could not believe the way I was treated here on my last visit.  After 15 years of patronage I finally needed to exercise my warranty.  The manager Joe and the rep Henry were total jerks and gave me the run around and good rep bad rep.  It was both unprofessional and jerkish.  I will never do business with this company again as they do not honor their promises.Head up the street to this location: 13742 W Bell Rd, Surprise, AZ 85374.  Cory went out of his way to fix my issue (even finding my info and calling me) and treated me very fairly with the situation mentioned above.
5	I visited the shop on Wednesday, February 26 to install tires on my ATV.  Although my experience started with a small issue, Tom and Ben (managers in the store) jumped in and made sure that all of my work was performed to my satisfaction, plus more.  Ben literally went way out of his way to perform work beyond what would have been expected.  I was pleased with the way I was treated at this Discount Tire facility.....nothing but cheers for these guys.  They are great!
1	So these guys were meant to finish putting my tires on in 45 minutes, yeah? Thus my hiatus to Culver's, yeah? Hoping that on my return in 45 minutes, my car would have two brand new 255/95R18's on as they quoted, yeah? It didn't quite happen that way!      I strolled back from Culver's ready to drive off....but the numbers on my invoice were not the ones I paid for... they put on some tires that cost 90 bucks each, when I paid for 280 each for two!  Not sure why they did this....were they hoping that I would drive off not realizing since I'm female? ? ?
1	The store AZP-51 has been noting but Horrible to myself and my family since they opened. We previously contacted the store stating that after the work they did on our Escalade the lug nut cover was broken after never having any issues prior to their work. The store manager had called us and said he was apologetic and that he would replace the cover since we had been customers with all of our vehicles for many many years. Well he never did. Yesterday I took my Vw beetle in because we had  a screw in the tire. After they removed the tire they had told me that the tires were at 5 and 6 and at a 4 they would need to be replaced. They then discussed the specials they had on tires ect. I said no I just wanted to fix the screw. Well it was too late the man had taken a flat head screw driver SHOVED it into the tread and removed the rubber to show me the wires underneath. He walked out with the screw driver STILL SHOVED INTO MY TIRE! I was livid and told them I would not be buying a new tire or the one they offered to me that was used. They assumed if they destroyed my tire I would purchase. He then told me he couldn't for safety reasons they would not put that tire back on my car so he would give me the used one for free. I told them my daughter worked for a dealership and I could get new ones cheaper from her. He then slammed her work and suggested they would only be giving me a deal because they would be giving me bad tires and I should consider that. After returning home I realized that the tire they had given me was a michelin filled with air, my tires are pirellis filled with nitrogen and I would need the tire they ruined back. When I went back to the store (20 min later) they couldn't find my tire. While I waited for them to find it I heard one man on the phone with another discount store bragging about how they "had sold more tires and made more profit." No surprise there with their shady antics. Finally they found my tire and then told me that since I wanted it back they would need theirs back calling it now a loaner tire. What happened to it being free? I did not even want their tire. All I wanted was for them to patch mine and not destroy it so they could try to force me to buy something from them. This was apparently too much to ask for. How is a store like this still in business? I am distraught and angry, where do we go from here?
4	Always professional, friendly service. Now if I can get out of here cost free, I will be a happy camper.
5	Very happy with my recent stop there. Roadside assistance came out and changed my tire, and put my spare on. I dropped my tire off, that had a nail in it. The store was very busy, but they had a lot of people working. It was on a Saturday, after Christmas, so, it was expected. When I came back to pick it up, they even asked me if I would like them to put it on. They put it on for me, then told me I was all set. When I told them I hadn't paid for it yet, they told me repairs were free. Score!! I will definitely be back, for my tire needs.
