4	Rochelle gives awesome haircuts, Lindsay always takes good care of my brows and they use bumble and bumble products.  The salon is clean, comfortable and well decorated.  Go.  Make an appointment.  You won't regret it.
5	I went to Rochelle's Salon once before and hated the girl who did my hair. After about a year later, I slowly got the courage to give Rochelle's Salon another chance, but only for a blow dry and style. We kept dating like this for a while. They referred me to Abel who did a great job and eventually, the relationship progressed and I now trust him to cut my hair and color it. I love Rochelle's and am now a loyal girlfriend. Abel is great, creative, easy-going, and very accommodating as most my appointments are last minute. In addition, he's great at giving dating advice-NOT, but it's hilarious to hear his escapades being a straight hairstylist. Scandelous. Liz at the front desk has a great memory, too!
5	I have had really good experiences with this Salon, they did corrective color on my hair after a previous hairdresser really screwed it up. They stay on the cutting edge of what is going on with new hair technology.  All of the staff is really knowledgeable and you will not have to go to another salon to "fix" what you had done at Rochelles, which is priceless. I have had Rochelle, Rosie, and Erin do my hair and have been very pleased with all of them. The salon atmosphere is fun and upbeat!
5	Rochelle's ROCKS!! My former stylist moved away, so I had to find a new one quickly. It seems that in Phoenix, great stylists are like great doctors- hard to find and with long waiting lists. Fortunately, I caught an opening with Rochelle. She really listened to my request, and gave me an awesome cut.
5	The best people in town to trust your hair and body with hands down!!  If someone has jacked up your hair and you need it fixed go here...  Rochelle is awesome, very educated and talented in every aspect of the business.  This one stop shop has it all from waxing, massage, nails and hair services.  I love the way they do mani & pedicures here by far the best!
5	Rochelle's Salon and Spa is an excellent place to go if you are looking for a friendly, professional atmosphere.  The stylist are top of the line and the services are always very satisfying.  The salon has an uptown feel about it that really compliments the business and makes all guests feel comfortable.  I would recommend this salon to children, adults and the elderly.
5	Rochelle's is incredible. They are an upscale salon and you walk out feeling wonderful about yourself and like you just spent 2 hours with girlfriends. The stylist are all very friendly and warm. Rochelle is A-MA-ZING with color. She is just incredible. They offer an array of serivces for hair, nails, and body, all reasonably priced. Perfect salon!
5	Luci is awesome.  She took the time to explain to me exactly what she was doing and how it would affect my hair.  She recommended products that would help keep my locks looking amazing, but did not push for me to buy them there.  She is very knowledgeable and friendly and I was easily able to trust she was going to do my hair good.This salon is beautiful.  It's very open and has a warm feeling to it.  The gal at the front desk was so sweet, so be nice to her.  This is a Bumble and Bumble salon; so if anything, just go in to get a conditioning treatment and stylingA great salon in my favorite part of town!  Go see Luci!
5	This salon & spa totally surprised me.  I went in for a facial and came out feeling like a new woman.  The staff is so pleasant, I immediately felt welcome.  Once inside, Karen gave me the best facial--ever.  Seriously, I only had "the basic" (I quote the basic because it was incredible).  Towards the end she did this amazing facial massage that put me in another world.  Definitely plan for a complete hour with Karen.  You know how some salons say "one hour facial," but you get 45 minutes because you need time to change and for them to set up?  Not here.  Karen spent a complete hour working on my face and then massaged my arms, hands, upper chest, face and scalp.  This is a place I will definitely be returning for another visit.
5	I had a facial with Karen, say no more--it was divine... I bought a special from LivingSocial...and since I've always wanted to try it but was low on cash...it was a great time to try it.   Love it....love it...  I look and feel younger, my skin is glowing...a much need it facial.  The greeter was wonderful I will defenitively go back... Thanks Karen!!!!
5	Go and see jonathyn who moved over here from E's Urban Salon. He is absolutely amazing. its magic i tell ya, MAGIC! yes he is the beauty evangelist.I have insanely thick, coarse hair that is impossible to detangle and straighten.I wanted some color and I am super picky about how my hair is styled and normally just get the hairdresser to just blow dry and I go home and style it. I mentioned my concerns to  jonathyn and he just chuckled.  Jonathyn styled it and my hair looked gorgeous!  My husband who rarely ever compliments my hair, said he loved it! The color is fantastic and the style is gorgeous. He is also amazingly honest and i swear he has saved me thousands by preventing me from buying crap hair products/tools. I also really appreciate the fact that he shows me how to recreate the style. Nothing worse than leaving the salon and going home and never knowing how to recreate the style. Go and see the Rev!
3	This salon is a great cheap alternative in the central phoenix area.  I had a totally decent haircut for $30, the service was really nice.  Nothing out of this world, but definitely a great option if you are saving money.
2	I went to this salon on a whim, as I was desperate to get a haircut and color before my scheduled trip. I called on a Friday, and they were able to get me in. I arrived for My appointment on time which was scheduled for 2:15, I didn't get called until 2:40. My stylist Rosie, was nice,  I explained to her what I wanted and we talked about several options on how to get there. Once we agreed on the hair color, I noticed that after she came back from mixing the color, her hands smelled like cigarette smoke. (I can't stand that smell). We talked, and she is very nice. However, I didn't like that she never once checked on me while I was sitting there with the color on my hair, until I started getting a tingling/burn feeling on my scalp.. I asked one of the other stylist if they could call her from the back. My hair looked great but the lightening in the salon isn't that great so I couldn't really see a difference in my shade. Once I got home I noticed that I a had a mess of a hair color. The top part (roots) were alot lighter than the bottom. I called to see if I could reschedule. I got an appointment scheduled for the following day, only for them to call me to tell me she had called in sick. So now I'm off on my scheduled trip looking like a skunk. Unless you are in a hurry or on a serious budget I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	I'm a fan of Rochelle's Salon. Centrally located and always convenient -- I've been going there for my pink and white gel nails, every third or fourth Tuesday, for about 8 +/- years with Liz Aloma. Liz does an awesome job, her products are top notch and she's extremely reliable.
5	I've lived in the Biltmore/Camelback Corridor area for some time and had always driven by Rochelle's but never stopped in.  I finally got tired of my longtime hair dresser never listening to me and popped in one day.  My only request for my first appointment was that I work with someone who is good with long hair (I'm like a modern-day Rapunzel, or Dee Snider if you prefer).  I had my first appointment with Dania a couple of months ago, and I'm kicking myself for not visiting Rochelle's sooner!  Dania is extremely skilled at what she does, and she's really just a treat to be around.  I've been to see her three times now (once for a quick 'fix' because I'm picky, and she was all smiles to do so!) and I don't think I'll ever trust my hair to anyone else.  I've gotten SO MANY compliments on my cut and color, it makes me wonder why I stayed at my old salon for so long...The salon itself is great, too.  Much more modern and spacious than my old salon, with better music and magazines to boot (the important stuff, right?).  I also love that they use Bumble & bumble products!  Dania and Rochelle's have a customer for life.
5	Tina Ward is the hairstylist for me.  Although I see other stylists in Rochelle's.  I know that I will stay with Tina because she is a trimmer, and now she is a great friend too.  My haircut is a boring boy haircut with little to no change.    However, my wife switches it up all the time w/ color, layering and trying new looks and has now been with Tina since around the time we got married.  My wife also sends her mother in when her roots grow out.      My sister hated that her hair became wavy after her first child.  Tina offered my sister a CHI Hair Straightening.  My sister loved it.  So now my sister and mother also go to the one and only Tina Ward at Rochelle's as well.  REVIEW:- Me- Wife- Mother - Sister - Mother and Law- Dad - but he never talks about his hair, but he keeps goingThe surprising part is that all my family live in Gilbert and Chandler, so we drive over 20 miles for hair service from Tina Ward at Rochelle'sThanks Tina, See you in a few weeks!SB
5	I just went here for the first time yesterday.  I loved it.  Jonathan was amazing.  He listened to what I wanted and I love my new cut and style.
5	Rochelle s has some of the best hair stylists in AZ.  Personalities are so fun.  You cannot go there without having a good time and come out looking great.  Rochelle is my stylist who cuts my hair but have had others style too.Their nail techs are unique.  Angela give me manicures and pedicures and is really good at them both.  She uses quality products, best pedicure ever and just fun.This is a salon that has it all.  I get my facials with Lindsay and massage with amazing Tina and I even buy boutique relax clothing from Lisa.  Once you go there you will never go elsewhere.  For children...they are treated so well by everyone.  My son is 5 and has been going to Rochelle since 18 months.Great job all of you!
5	Get my hair done every other week and never once have I had a poor cut. I stopped telling Tina how to cut my hair and just let her choose because every time it is exactly what I wanted without even knowing it. Rochelle cut and styled my hair for my wedding and it was amazing. The talent in Rochelle's is unmatched anywhere in the state/country. I highly recommend RSS. They are located next to www.Claritychiro.com  and phoenix fishing supply.
5	Rochelle has been cutting my hair for about 20 years and even after leaving Arizona, I make sure I always book an appointment whenever I'm back in town. She provides the highest level of service to all her clients and expects that and more for anyone who walks in the door, regardless of who they are seeing.
5	In desperate need of a facial and new to the area, I chose Rochelle's based on Yelp reviews. Lyndsey gave me a deep pore facial and it was wonderful. It was fantastically relaxing and soothing. My skin is glowing.I would highly recommend Rochelle's for a facial!
5	I always have a great time when I visit Rochelle's Salon and Spa! So many fun personalities! Great full service salon.  Rochelle's Salon and Spa has been taking care of my hair, nails, eyebrows, massages and facials for long time.  The professional care and attention I receive is amazing. I was blessed to find this hidden gem and have made wonderful friendships.
5	Great salon!! Friendly and fun staff. Keep up the great work!
5	Rochelle at Rochelle's Salon & Spa did my hair and it looks amazing! If you are looking for a fresh look and great color, call Rochelle today!   I have been going to Rochelle's Salon & Spa for five years now and her creativity never stops...call the salon today!
5	ATTN: ALL BLONDES!!  This is the best salon in phoenix!  Specifically, Dania is the BEST hairstylist I've ever used for my blonde hair.... And I have used a lot. When I was younger in San Diego I even would drive two hours to LA trying to find someone who wasn't going to ruin my blonde locks.  It truly blows my mind how many stylists just can't work with blonde hair and ruin jt.   Until I found Dania I would cry every time I left a salon. She is also very real with me about what looks best and is the only stylist that has not lectured me that I should go brunette....seriously such a relief.  Besides the great work she does she has also always been reasonably priced and is great at fitting you in for an appointment.  I am moving to Seattle in two weeks and am panicked again about missing her!  I might even need to catch a flight back to phoenix once every couple months just so I can keep my beautiful color :)
5	I started coming here about a year ago when one of my blonde friends referred me! I cannot rave enough about Dania!!!! I get highlights or a base break every 6 weeks with a trim. She is always so accommodating and I have never received more compliments on my hair! If you get highlights done, go to Dania you will not be disappointed!!!
3	My first experience with Rochelle's was great. My stylist did a great job and I left feeling very happy with my cut.I scheduled my next hair cut a month later with a different stylist as the one I worked with before was out of town. An hour before my appointment I was called and told that the stylist I had been scheduled with charged double for men's hair cuts and when I asked to reschedule they had nothing available. No offense to the stylist but I'm not paying north of $50 for a men's hair cut. It would have been nice to have been told when I first scheduled my appointment that the new stylist charged twice the normal amount. I also would have appreciated a greater effort to squeeze me in for a cut.Overall my stylist was great but Rochelle's front desk staff did a poor job and didn't seem to care.
4	First time at Rochelle's, and Ruben gave me EXACTLY the cut I wanted! He spent a lot of time on my short 'do and was easy to talk to. Thanks, Ruben - I will be back!BTW - do you guys do waxing?
5	Dania is the Blonde Whisperer! I was recommended to Dania a few years ago when I was having a hard time finding THE ONE.  Since moving to AZ I bounced from salon to salon, unhappy with the results.  Once I found Dania, I knew it would be a friendship and hairship for years to come.  I love everything about her.  She is very talented and knows blondes so well.
