5	Hello Everybody!Well our new doggies (Maddie & Cooper) have blown through a good size pile of older but still usuable doggie toys. As Great Danes somehow manage to eat a tennis ball in oh about 15 seconds. No, really this does happen.WOOF! Anyway usually we go to Petsmart during the usual shopping venture in town.Today we decided to try PetClub so we could try to get some kind of "indestructable dog toy" if there is such a thing when it comes to these two.Viola! Toys found! And we were pleasantly suprised at this store. The selection of food was very good, especially for the natural stuff. They had just about everything you could need for your furry ones and the prices are first rate. This was the ta do part for me, especially here in Maricopa.As for the toys, well you cant miss them they have octopus, squares, rings and many more all rated 1 to 10 on the chewem up factor. and we found a couple that were 9's. Figuring that it is cheaper than furniture they came home and so far so good! They have made it through the week with flying colors, and they love em.So, if you are here in Maricopa, and looking for quality food and supplies for your pets I recommend Pet Club.Review Time!Location:10 (easy to get in and out)Curbage: 9 (nice outside and in, clean and organized well for a smaller petstore)P factor: ? (not sure if they even have public loos)Staff: 10 (very friendly and they seem knowledgable)Thanks for reading!Late!Gordo
1	I am so appalled at the customer service at the Pet Club in Maricopa.  We made a purchase and specifically asked the sales associate about there return policy. When we needed to return the item, due to the fact that it did not fit in our house.  The supervisor said we could not return the item.  No signs were posted, except for one on the counter, which the item was sitting on about their return policy.  The supervisor stated it was not his problem.  He said we could contact corporate.  We will never go to this Pet Club again simply do to the fact of the lack of customer service by the supervisor.  " Do what you need to do"  a direct quote from the supervisor.
5	I have had such a great experience with Pet Club in Maricopa. We usually buy our dog, cat, & chicken supplies here with no complaints. Recently we made a big out of the ordinary purchase and each staff member we dealt with including the manager were extremely helpful. I made an error in the item I purchased and they accepted the return with as much courtesy as the purchase.  I am sorry that a previous customer had a negative experience there, however I have yet to have one. Thanks guys!
