4	Planet Fitness is the best $10 I spend in a month.  Weights, Treadmills, Ellipticals, Aerobic Equipment, Classes, Pizza, its all here! PF calls themselves the "no judgement zone"-so the staff doesn't chide you because of how you work out. They don't allow bodybuilders or their hard-core behavior; they sound an alarm if you drop a weight or grunt.  To prove that its not your typical gym, PF has pizza parties on Monday evenings.The best time to go is in the morning or after the evening rush (8:30 PM-Whenever).  Otherwise, its hard to get to the weights. PF is open 24 hours during the week and closes early on Saturdays and Sundays.  The people who use the gym aren't too sketch either, they don't allow doo-rags or cut off shirts.  Sure, their are guys strutting around, but most folks of us are too busy jamming on our I-pods to "admire" them.
5	I guess someone has a problem with PF since my last review was flagged, but just for everyone's information...I have been to all three locations in Charlotte (Carmel Commons, Crown Point, and Whitehall) and they are all great as far as I can tell. They have all the basics (cardio, weights, ab/stretching area, showers, lockers, changing rooms, and even and iron and ironing board for people who work out before work!) without all the grunting and and weight dropping. I feel comfortable there, and I never feel bad when I go because the members are a wide range of ages, shapes, and race. Guess that's the "judgment free" thing
3	My mom has has success here, she's been going for a year and paid $10 each month. She's healthy and happy and she feels comfortable here.I went here for the 3 months of summer and I did not like it. The staff turnover is insane and many of the staff members tended to get a little smart with my mom and I when we ask simple questions. other than that, the equipment is clean and it works, and the people seem to be normal, not crazy workout zombies. It didn't really work out for me, but for 10 bucks, give it a try.
5	They are opening up a planet fitness in the university area in march 2011 for all you people over that way!
4	$10/month? Yep, it's for real!I love the "Judgment Free Zone" attitude and the LUNK alarm (never actually witnessed it going off but oh I'm sure that would be a riot).Large gym with at least 20 ellipticals, 20 treadmills, 20 bikes. Weight floor with hand weights and dumbbells of every size, along with weight machines. There is an upper level that has open floor for use of exercise balls or other exercises, and then there is the 30 minute circuit workout with stations for a great full-body workout.LOVE THIS GYM and recommend to everyone--I can always get on the machine I want to without having to wait, and there are SO MANY options. It's clean (and SMELLS clean, which is a HUGE plus for a gym), and the machines are in excellent working order. There are flat screens EVERYWHERE and you can hook your headphones up to the machine you're using and listen to the channel of your choice.I have never felt uncomfortable in this gym like I have at others--there are LOTS of females (it's a great gym for the ladies!), and the staff is very friendly. No body builders or other hard-core workout junkies, this gym is definitely designed for the average person who just wants to exercise and enjoy themselves while they are at it!
5	I love the concept. I am kinda chubby and had never really worked out. I tried a couple of other gyms, like Peak, and remember just feeling extremely self conscious that I wasn't lifting 1000lbs and other crap. So I went once or twice and stopped going.Planet Fitness is NOTHING like that. Their No Lunks policy is awesome. Becky and I usually go during lunch to do the 30 minute workout. Hopefully within a few months I won't ever have to open a review with "I am kinda chubby".
1	Once they have your check card number, you can't escape their death grip on your $10 a month. Our family decided to join the YMCA because we needed the childcare and more flexibility, and I had to change my credit card number to get them to stop debiting my account. We went through the proper procedures (going in with a letter and turning in the key fobs), but they "lost the paperwork" and wanted us to come back in again. They refused to issue a refund for the debits that they made after we'd attempted to cancel, and were generally nasty about the whole process.Yuck.Yuck.Yuck.
1	If you want a real workout than don't go to this gym.. The staff have some sort of mental issues.. They're really down and they don't like to be friendly in any shape or form. I want to ask them what their problem is... But instead I joined another gym.  Their STAFF SUCKS!!!!
3	The judgment-free thing is for real, there are a variety of people who work out here and I really like that. Unfortunately, the other reviews are right - most of the staff here is awful. Always disinterested and on the phone, I've been flat out ignored several times when trying to check in, just scan my card please. Or let me do it, whatever. I'll keep going because it's cheap and adequate.
