5	Storm Wisdom had only been open a couple of days when, driving down Shea, we noticed the sign and decided to stop in and see what the store was all about. Storm Wisdom calls itself "A Spiritual Oasis" and has items for both the collector of geological specimens and for those who use stones and crystals as part of their spirituality. The latter aspect is subtle enough that even those who would be uncomfortable in a "new age" store will be comfortable here. In fact, it's hard not to be, surrounded by so many beautiful things. Storm Wisdom is also a gallery, and features many paintings, sculptures both still and kinetic, and crystals and geodes so huge they can most certainly be displayed as Earth's own art. They also sell beautiful velvet bags embellished with stones and embroidery, meteorites, wands, crystal bowls for sound therapy, leather-bound journals, and jewelry. There were many pieces of jewelry I would have loved to purchase as the prices were quite reasonable, but we found an amethyst pendant for my mother-in-law for Mother's Day. It was a risk, as it was a really unique piece, and rather bold. She called yesterday and said she absolutely loved it. They do also have a number of meeting rooms, one large for group workshops, and several small ones for private readings and healing sessions. The owner, Charles, is friendly yet unobtrusive, and very knowledgeable. The store is impeccable, peaceful, and so very tasteful. We'll be back soon.
5	Passing through Phoenix we were drawn to this amazing store/gallery.  What a great and inspiring place this is!  While it was central to everything, we felt we were transported to another much more loving and inspiring place...far away from freeways and stress.In the short  time we were there we left renewed and "balanced".The crystals were by far the most amazing collection I have ever seen anywhere in my life and the setting was elegant and inviting. I would have expected this collection to be someplace like the Bellagio in Vegas or a high end gallery in Paris or New York.   I only wish we had pockets deep enough to leave with one of those breath taking specimens!  This is truly a world class display!We did manage to find some fabulous treasures at wonderful prices...and we left with unique, affordable and wonderful gifts for ourselves and others...AND a deep sense of peace and inspiration. Lucky Phoenix to host such a terrific store...there should be one like this in every city.  I only wish STORM WISDOM was closer and  I could come for the great classes and workshops that are being offered there.Thanks to the owner for creating such a warm and inviting store....it was a true joy in our travel experience and you can be SURE we will come for a longer visit our next trip through Phoenix!
5	Love, light, warmth, fun, knowledge, beauty and joy. (Plus beautiful crystals and really cool unique gifts.) Those are just a few of the things you will find at Storm Wisdom. Charles and everyone on the team has created a beautiful place of inspiration and information.
5	Super nice people.  Great store for crystals and all things spiritual. Be sure to visit.
5	Located in a non descript mall, this beautiful shop should really be located by the Heard Museum or in the arts district in Old Town Scottsdale. When you walk in, there is a very positive and warm energy to the place and the crystals and stones they carry are simply stunning. My son liked going thru all the stones and crystals, admiring them all. They carry high quality items including necklaces, meditation music, books, and of course crystals. Very beautiful.
