5	Oh, I 've worked a half a mile from this free standing building for over 10 years.  Several different restaurants have lived and died here, but I had not been inside this building until today.  Previously the closest American Mexican restaurants were over on Woodlawn, so this is nice to have so close.Mar Y Tierra is clean, open, and a little more organized than the other nearby Mexican joints.  A sanitation grade of 98 is displayed behind the counter.  The service is quick and efficient.  The food is cheap, the portions are decent size, and it tastes good.  The menu is nowhere near as extensive as an Azteca, but there's still plenty to choose from.  For $5, I got a shredded chicken burrito (not huge but a good lunch size) and some beans and rice.  The chips and salsa were good, but salsa was very spicy.  Due to economics and close proximity to the office of this place, I'll be going back often.  They were busy too, so hopefully they will stick around a while.
3	I came here to meet up with a coworker and I must say that I am very, very impressed with their service.  We had warm chips and salsa right when we sat down and our food came out in less than 5 minutes (even though the restaurant was packed).  The server was quick and professional.  As far as services goes, they get an A++.On the flip side, my 3 enchiladas were sub par.  The tortilla was not consistent in texture and the quality of the food seemed a little bit lacking.  The beef in one of my enchiladas tasted like Taco Bell scrap meat and my chicken enchilada was dry.  I also got a guacamole salad and I wish I didn't.  The guac on top of the lettuce made the entire salad soggy.  Though for the price you're paying, you really can't complain.The decor is lacking (if you can call the randomly hung objects decor).  This place is pretty much a hole-in-the wall.  However, as Brian mentioned, the place is clean and organized.  No filmy layer of oil on the seats, clean floors, plenty of parking spots...I can see myself coming back here again.  Good job on service!
1	Customer service is critical in the restaurant business. The cook actually refused to remake a dish that he screwed up. Here is a suggestion for you guys. If the customer wants vanilla, get the customer vanilla. Don't try to convince them that the chocolate is better. He should have that.
4	Is there any greater feeling than finding one of those hidden gems that hardly anyone knows about, so you don't want to say too much, and yet you can't help but want to spread the word...well that is how I feel after visiting Mar Y Tierra for the first time tonight, what a pleasant surprise to say the least!Decided to give this restaurant a shot after finding one of the super-terrific 90% off restaurant.com coupons for $10 off a $15 minimum purchase.   Figured what do we have to lose as it is always nice to be able to spend less than $20 on dinner for two, so why not give it a shot and see what happens, and what happened was we found a new restaurant to add to "our list"!The location is pretty much in the middle of nowhere so we weren't too surprised to find plenty of parking spaces available, but definitely expected to see more than two cars in the lot given that it was 7pm on a Saturday night.  Walked in and we were greeted by our friendly host who initially sat us under the flat screen TV, but had no issue when we asked for a booth a bit further away from the TV.  When we arrived, there were two guys there watching baseball highlights on ESPN, but after about five minutes, we were soon left as the only patrons, which again was weird given that we couldn't understand how a restaurant could survive with basically no customers during prime time on a Saturday night.  Needless to say, our expectations weren't that great, but boy were we in for a surprise!We started with the spinach and queso dip for $3.25 and then ordered the double order of Mar Y Tierra Fajitas, as we had never experienced so many different items in a fajita before (Chicken, Steak, Shrimp, Scallops, Carnitas, Chorizo) so we had to give this one a shot.  At $21.95 it was in the ballpark (give or take a couple bucks) with what other places charge for "Fajitas for 2" but when this dish arrived, it was definitely a sight to behold as it should have been called "Fajitas for 4" (and this is from a guy who can finish off the Wild Wing Cafe Nacho Platter for 3-4 as an appetizer and still hit the lunchtime wing buffet as my main course!).  The fajitas were HUGE and they didn't skimp on filling or tortillas like most places do.  We actually got 8 tortillas total between us, which was great, considering most places give you about 2-3 each and then charge for extras.  The food was excellent, the service was attentive and friendly, and overall the meal was not only filling and tasty, but also was a TREMENDOUS value when all was said and done, as our total bill (food plus tax plus tip) after the coupon was only $22 for the Super Fajitas and the Spinach Queso Dip.      On a side note, no other patrons ever came in the whole time we were there (about 45 mins), so that was somewhat disappointing, as we will definitely be back (even without a restaurant.com coupon), but not sure if the restaurant will still be there unless business picks up soon.  Highly recommended, as it is always nice to find a hidden gem with great food and excellent service!
5	Out of the way place that serves fresh flavorful food. The service is great and you can tell this is an authentic restaurant with pride of ownership. The chips were still warm from the oven and set the tone for the whole meal. My wife's fish tacos and my beef enchiladas were all amazing. The sauces were flavorful without being overly spicy. The guacamole was fresh and fabulous. The food is top quality and the preparation is perfect and for the price they are charging it is an amazing bargain. The comment from a reviewer that the place is a "hole-in-the-wall" is ridiculous. The decor is just fine and simple. Not campy like too many Mexican restaurants.
4	I showed up around 6:30pm and was amazed at the lack of vehicles in the parking lot.  By 7pm more people started showing up.  The service was excellent, everyone was very friendly.  My food was good starting with the salsa and warm chips.  I ordered enchiladas, a taco, and rice.  It was typical mexican fare to me with the exception of the carnitas taco, which was outstanding!  It was juicy pork piled high on two corn tortillas topped with fresh cilantro and onion.  I could overhear a local regular suggesting a friend order the chile poblano and tamale, while he himself was ordering the special burrito of the night.  He said, "it's all good, you can't go wrong" and I'm inclined to believe him.
3	Decent food and close to the airport.
4	Great Mexican food. I go here for lunch often. Quick service, cheap food, good margaritas.Outside the sign says, "Now Open." That has been what the sign has said for a few years now, which is odd. I think they get most of their business for lunch. They are open until 9, but when I drive by after work the parking lot is usually pretty empty.
3	OK for Mexican food. Hot chips were served. Salsa was good. Ordered chili rellano. It was traditional style and tasted OK,The sauce was not what I expected, but good. The service was very good.
4	Quality Mexican food.
3	Decent food I thought overall. The warm chips and salsa was great. The huge margarita in a soup bowl sized glass was very good. The guacamole was more like an avocado style dip than being real smashed avocados with lime. The fajitas were decent, more veggies than meat but had a good flavor. What was strange is that I was there at 8 PM on Friday and the place was dead empty other than one other table besides me. Service however I must say was excellent.
4	For lunch near Lakepointe, this is pretty quick, cheap & delicious.  I've never had to wait for a table, and the food is always brought out quickly.  Service is good and the food isn't bad either - but I'm not a Mexican food critic either, I stick to the Speedy Gonzales special (enchilada, taco & rice).  Great option if you're tired of waiting in line at Salsaritas and want to enjoy a sit down lunch.
3	I like the food at this place. It's not the best authentic mexican restaurant, but it's better than a lot of others. The location gets a lot of their patrons during the week because of the businesses around. However, during their lunch rush they don't have a dedicated person to take to go orders. I initally tried to call in my order twice and no one picked up. So I had to wait an additional 8-10 min when I got the location to place my to go order. My food took another 12 min. or so. If I didn't work close, then this would be an issue in getting back to work.
3	Ok Mexican, but it is Cheaply priced.I have only been here fore  the lunch rush and they are pretty fast at getting your food out to you.  Depending on who you have as your server will vary on how/if you can get refills.The lunch menu is cheap, and you get a some good portions. I get the #8 Burrito and quesadilla.  Choice of beef or chicken.    Do not be scare of the burrito it is basically a rolled chicken tortilla, served with sauce on top.  Nothing scary on the inside for the timid.Nothin great , but nothing bad about the place either.  It just food.
