3	3.5 stars.  I was brought in by the claims of how large the "RoethlisBurger" is by vendors and other shoppers in the Strip District and I had to see it in person.  Peppi's has a dive-y sort of place but in a good way.  The flat top grill is behind the counter in the front and the back of Peppi's has a couple tables and booths with Steelers paraphernalia on the walls.I wasn't too hungry so I ended up ordering "The Phantom", which was a cheese steak with grilled mushrooms, onions, and a fried egg.  My companions got a mushroom cheese steak and the famed #7, the "RoethlisBurger" itself.  All the sandwiches come with the basic fixin's of lettuce tomato, etc. and are a foot long.The Phantom was a little smaller than I expected, but the flavors of the ingredients in the sandwich melded together wonderfully.  My only complaint is that I would have liked a little more meat.  After some searching online, apparently all their steak subs only have a quarter pound of steak.For some reason based on the picture of the RoethlisBurger in the window outside we thought it was going to be a lot bigger.  I guess camera angles can be deceiving.  It's a mix of chopped burger and sausage with American cheese and a fried egg.Overall I would have liked it a bit more if the sandwiches were served a bit faster (some people who ordered after us got their food first) and a bit more meat.Anyways, I'm definitely going to be back to try the RoethlisBurger since now I view it as a potentially tasty sandwich as opposed to just a ridiculously impossible food challenge.
4	Mushroom cheesesteak with a Stewart's root beer for lunch today. Freshly made, toasted bun, all good! Friendly service.
1	Okay, so I've heard a lot of good things about this place. And I wanted to like it!But it was seriously bad. I very rarely eat somewhere and don't finish my food simply because I don't like it. But I couldn't eat it. I got the Shadyside and it was super greasy, and the flavor just wasn't there. My roommate got the Portabella and she wasn't feelin' it either.The guy who served us was cool beans though.
4	Did you hear that?  Oh, yes....the cheesesteaks are calling my name.  Good solid Pittsburgh institution that's friendly and efficient and GOOD!  What more could you ask on a quick run to the Strip on your lunch hour?
3	Freindly staff....good cheese....can't wait to try the aftermentioned "#7"
5	Everyone in town raves about Primanti's. However, this has to be my more favorite place to stop while in Pittsburgh. They have an awesome menu (cash only) but you cannot leave and not get the Roethli"burger". Delicious. Yum. Heck to the yes. I love the small kitchen style atmosphere, and they love it when you tip. I mean, they go nuts when you do (Ala Cold Stone singing style nuts). Great people, even better food. Come hungry!
3	Forget corporately-owned/sold-out/portion-controlled Primanti Bros. - Peppi's is more of the deal deal for PGH sandwich-y / greasy / drunk-y food ...The cheese-steak is decent ... Fries are pretty good ...  Word on the street is the North side / Western Avenue location makes the best sandwiches for whatever reason...
5	This is a great sandwich place! They use the softest Mancini's rolls and grill up your order fresh. I always get the pepper steak. The staff is friendly. Make sure to get there early because this place gets busy quick!
4	This is probably some of the best drunk food in the strip, neck and neck with Primantis.  I used to eat here a good bit working locally, but it kind of became too heavy to eat for lunch.  Their portions are fabulous and they have or at last had a great lunch special, Italian sub, fries and a drink for like 8 bucks.  Not bad, but you could seriously split it, because you will be sleeping when you get back to your desk.  Great stop on occasion, but too much for a regular stop.
5	Roethlisberger w/ bacon and pepper relish.
5	Good quality, great value, in a comfortable laid-back environment. A must for lunch!Tell Gisele I sent you in for the walk-in special.
4	This is a regular stop of mine because I work on the strip in Pittsburgh. I want to share that I have probably eaten here 40+ times so I have tried about 10 hoagies on the menu. I went with the regular Steak and cheese hoagie- grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, mayo...add some hot sauce at the table, order of fresh cut fries and a drink. I get a work discount of 10% so anywhere you can eat lunch under $8 is awesome in any city.My only complaint is that occasionally the meat to bread ratio isn't too great. Don't get me wrong I'm not expecting 12 ounces of meat but it can be disappointing. I recommend one of the more creative sandwiches then. Though the breads here are so fresh and enjoyable.
4	The REAL sandwich king of Pittsburgh.This may sound blasphemous, but I really don't understand the obsession with Primanti Bros.  The bread is too small for the sandwich, the meat tastes weird (especially their 'cheesesteak'), and I just don't feel the love for a heaping handful of french fries stuffed onto a sandwich.  The taste of potatoes shouldn't dominate one's sandwich.Peppi's is the creator of The #7 (nicknamed The Roethlisburger in homage to Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger).  It is an extraordinary combination of hamburger meat and sausage (and they use some of the best tasting sausage available) with American cheese mixed in on the softest of rolls.  Really, Peppi's uses the best bread for their sandwiches and that, in my opinion, is what makes a sandwich.  Located in the Strip District, you can shop your extra sandwich weight off after lunch by visiting any of a few dozen specialty shops in the historic district.  Yinz'll love it!
5	Godd#$*m delicious.  I am a major fan of the Cajun fries always fresh hot and completely covered in a smokey savory Cajun spice blend with a side of home made ranch that is so good at cooling your hot mouth. On my last visit I got a tuna melt which did not disappoint.  The tuna salad taste like how mom makes and was served with the additional of lettecue, tomatoes and onion and melted American cheese.
5	Had a great cheesesteak sandwich at Peppi's. Wanted a good local, no chain place and Peppi's was great. Can't recall the the young man's name who prepared it but he was a great local kid. Excellent Pittsburgh experience!
3	Went here for lunch today and it was good! I got a cheese steak with fries and drink. It's was pretty standard fries were kind of bland. I liked the cheesesteak tho! May be returning!
5	I feel like I need a shower after I eat a Peppi's sandwich, but in a good way.Peppi's subs are so good I need profanity to fully express how good they are.Go get a Peppi's sandwich bc you need one.  Not hungry?  Excuse not valid, you need one.Did you know I can unhinge my jaw and swallow things whole?   I didnt either, until I had Peppi's.Are you hung over?  Peppi's has HEALING POWERS and will cure your hangover!Also, since I'm among friends here I will make a confession.  I do not care for Primanti's.  Somehow thats like telling people you didn't like the Godfather.  I do not like Primanti's, and Peppi's is my favorite "Pittsburgh" sandwich.I've Peppi'd on the North Side, Dahntahn, and in the Strip District.  They're all good.  I get the Italian, and I love the dressing they put on the sandwich.Now I want Peppi's and its only 9:30 in the morning.  Damn.Just go eat at Peppi's.  You'll realize this review is just pure truth.  It's delicious, and greasy, and good.
3	It's ok not great, they could really benefit from a refresh, it felt and looked dirty...
