4	Hair dresser and shop owner, Paula Lorenzon is a talented and accommodating stylist who i had the pleasure to have work on me. Her staff is friendly and helpful and the atmosphere she's created is comfortable and welcoming.  Paula took the time to listen to my wants and concerns and communicated with me with open ears. I felt like i was in very good hands.It was a wonderful experience with outstanding results.
3	Another "ok" salon in the Valley...I'm getting tired of "ok" can't I have the best cuts/color for the best value already?!While I had a fabulous time and experience with the salon and my stylist Stephanie, I can't say this place swept me off my feet. As I have mentioned in my salon reviews, my hair is super thick and can be challenging to cut. Stephanie cut my hair well and colored/toned it nicely but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary (maybe because I told her that I'm growing it out?). She did a great job on my bangs considering I have a cowlick that can make cutting bangs challenging. The atmosphere, stylists and appearance seemed very similar to Vision. Not sure which salon was established longer but both are very similar in style and value.
1	Wanted to get my hair done for a work party! Re-grand opening so i called at 11:10am and scheduled an apt for 3pm! One of my big pet peeves is people who don't show up early (that goes for anything) and letting a client (also goes for anything/anywhere) sit and wait with out any update is not good service. I arrive at 2:35ish and check in with the girl at the counter she calls the back and says I'm here, tells me he will be out in a min! So I sit and wait ..... Still waiting it's now 3pm... Still waiting it's now 3:15 and I get up and leave!!! If I would have gotten A "he is running late" "sorry it will be 5 more mins" SOMETHING!!!!! nope nothing ! Thanks for wasting 30mins of my time!Also why wait an hr to call me and say sorry???? Great customer serviceWILL NOT GO BACK THERE
5	Great place! Friendly staff, always keep it fun, professional, and exciting! I've been going here for years! I recommend getting your hair cut by Bill O'donnell, he's amazing! I've been through countless hair stylists throughout the valley but no one compares to him! :D
5	Wowzers! I'd give this place an extra star if I was able. Paula is awesome! Need I say more :) The staff I met there were very friendly. I'm a guy who's very particular about who handles my beautiful, black, thick hair, and I took a chance....I definitely will be back. Nice, clean, friendly and affordable! Thanks Paula!
2	UPDATE: THIS SALON IS OUT OF BUSINESS!!  5/2012I found Radichi through Yelp! What a great find. I met my stylist "Haley" about 6 months ago. I really love her. I met with her a few times and always had a nice experience.My very first appointment I got a great price (new customer discount on full highlights/conditioning treatment/wash/cut and blow dry.My 2nd and 3rd visit cost a bit more for the same service but nothing close to being unaffordable. (You get what you pay for!)The only thing that's tough for me (in many salons) is that my hair is very thick and any time I wanted to "Go Platinum" Many stylists are deathly afraid to bleach my hair entirely. So instead they drag out the process. I don't know if this is for their financial benefit (I'm not born yesterday) or it's genuine concern for my hair (Ehh.. not likely)Anyway, I'm a platinum blonde today .. Thanks to Sally's beauty supply and the help of my husband! HA!
