4	The (almost) ultimate. Chain be damned. It's good, nuff said...I know, I know, "buy local"...I support that as much as I possibly can.  However, name one good mom'n'pop coffee chain?  If there's one that can come close it's possibly Dilworth Coffee.  At least on the cappucino tip.  As for the hot mocha, Starbucks all the way...and I guess that's ...sad?
4	Fast and friendly service. Usually busy everytime I've stopped in. If you are looking for their special products, they always have a lot of items in stock. For you gardeners, they offer used coffee grounds for free. Pick up a bag and make your plants happy!The space is small and tight inside, but they do have a section outside. The parking is pretty tight too. However, great location off of Park.
3	It's nice to have a Starbucks in the Park Road shopping area since I'm in this area all the time.  This location doesn't have a ton of seating inside but there's a nice little outdoor patio.  The workers here are always friendly.I really don't like how busy this location gets and the fact that parking here is impossible to find.  If you are lucky enough to find a parking spot next to the Starbucks, good luck trying to get back out of this place without running over someone or getting side swiped by another car trying to take your spot.  This is not a location that I would want to grab a coffee and hang out since I don't think I could relax with all the heavy foot traffic.  My drinks here will always be to-go.
4	Do I really need to review a Starbucks - I think everyone knows what they are getting when they go in.  The baristas are super awesome at this location and are quick with the drinks.  Seating space is lacking, but that is OK.
4	This is one of my favorite Starbucks because no matter when I go, the same cashier is there and she is so very nice. The seating is adequate, but not a "let's all meet here and find a table and chat" kind of place.  It's a "maybe there will be a random seat where I can put my computer on my lap" kind of place.They can make my drink right, I get my fix, great.
4	A super Starbucks for a date, it's an easy walk from all the restaurants and hangouts in the shopping center. My wife and I have stopped in here a bunch of times.In the mornings, this place is wall to wall with people waiting for the coffee fix. Expect a queue of 6 to 8 people, but the crew here seems to get it done fast, efficient and friendly.Very few seats inside and a couple of tables outside. Not really much of a hangout.
3	Frankly, this particular Starbucks isn't very memorable. That's not being snarky - I quite literally I forget that it's there.Y'all know what Starbucks serves, so I won't get into that. Cashiers and baristas: Friendly and efficient. Parking: Difficult and fairly annoying. Good luck finding a spot during peak times. Seating: Limited at best. Volume: Noisy at times despite the lack of seating. Cleanliness: Squeaky There are a handful of local coffee shops just a few miles away but if you're gunnin' for your 'Bucks, this location is indeed A-OK.
3	The Men's bathroom smelled atrocious. Not sure what happened in there, but it smelled like it needed some bleach desperately. Otherwise the place was okay. The iced coffee tasted fine.
3	Typical Sbucks here, nothing to write home about.  That's not exactly a bad thing, just stating fact.  Stopped in here after dinner last night and found the service to be very friendly and the place was very clean and well organized.  I can imagine this place being an ok spot to walk to after dinner like we did but the parking isn't very ample if you are coming here just for coffee.  I really wish Starbucks would start making drive through's mandatory.  Not everyone wants to hunker down for 3 hours in your spots.  Some of us really just want to grab and go!
3	Whatever it is another dumb ol Starbucks.  I hate the coffee but I do like tea and the sinful drinks like the Caramel Macchiato (skinny of course...prob still more calories than I eat in a whole day).This is a tiny Starbucks full of your typical Starbucks folks - I dont need to expand right?  Service is fine....the place itself is clean and shiny.  The empty tables were promptly cleaned off for us.   This location is tough because parking is so limited.  There are just a few spots in front and if those are full then you have to park back in the bigger lot and walk.
3	I've stopped in here a few times in the past, but today's visit was a matter of convenience, since we were over this way.As others have commented, this one doesn't rank very high as being memorable.  I was pleased that one of the workers was tidying up the countertops & tables.  It was late afternoon & there were some folks in there taking advantage of the free wi-fi.The gentleman who took my beverage order (the new Mocha Cookie Crumble Frapp - MMMMM!) was very nice & pleasant...but the barista who made my order was rather cold - no pun intended.As Melissa & Nicole stated, parking is extremely limited. However, we were able to snag a "5 minute parking" spot.
2	This is the slooooooowest Starbucks service in town.  Due to the convenience of the location, I stop in here for a coffee on occassion but I have to have plenty of time on my hands in order to do so.--parking is tight--
3	Fast service, friendly staff, and out door seating. The parking sucks and the outside seating is a little small (and right on the road) but overall good Starbucks!
4	Smaller store but cozy. the service are great.
2	Parking is tight and sit-down space inside is tighter ... and this place is often jammed because it is the nearest option for a large number of households and businesses.This location likely makes a nice profit for SBUX ... but it isn't a consumer's dream.At least the service is consistently up to the chain's standards ... in my experience it isn't one of those that is staffed with a bunch of slackers.Just not one of those Starbucks that is set up for socializing (e.g., the Taj MaTeeter).
2	Facts: I recently moved to Charlotte. I've been spending a lot of time in Starbucks lately for the free wi-fi and free refills that come with my gold card. This was probably my least favorite Starbucks I've stopped at. I didn't have too much trouble finding parking or a table, but the interior wasn't as inviting as other locations. I also hate it when I get a beverage and it's short on milk... I don't like paying $4 for a half full drink! The baristas here were also the least friendliest I've encountered.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks coffee but there lattes are great. I often stop in there because it isnt as busy as a lot of the other coffee shops in the area. While there is limited parking right outside the door, there is plenty of parking a short walk away which again is something a lot of the other shops dont have. There is a  small outdoor seating area. The staff has always been friendly and quick. I once went when one of their machines were down. While a line had started to form, the staff worked extremely hard and moved things along as quickly as possible.
2	While this Starbucks is clean and the baristas are pretty friendly, expect a long, long wait for your coffee during peak times.  The first time it was slow, I thought it was a fluke (not a peak time, but still not quick).  The second time I came, they had only one barista making all the drinks and about 10 people waiting before me (when one wasn't busy at the register, he was back getting food around), some with 4-5 drinks.  After waiting over 15 minutes, I asked about my drink.  Apparently someone with multiple drinks came and took it.  Luckily, the barista quickly whipped one up for me.  Some of the fellow customers there were exceptionally rude to people waiting for their drinks (as well as being rude to the baristas).  I hate to say this, but most of the people waiting have to get to work - CHILL OUT!  Parking is a nightmare and people are cutthroat for the spaces near the door.  If you don't mind that, it's a pretty standard Starbucks.
1	This is by far the dirtiest Starbucks I have ever been in!  They really should be ashamed!  There were 5 people working and the manager was there, yet the floor, counters and everything else was absolutely disgusting!!!!!  Not to mention that the bathroom had no toilet paper and I advised the manager and she never advised anyone to go replace it...Such a shame!   Cleanliness should be at the top of everything!
1	This Starbucks is the worst I've been to. They don't get your name when you order (which I believe is company policy). They don't even say the name of the drink they put on the counter so it's essentially just best guess as to what drink belongs to who.   And don't ask the baristas, I believe they enjoy the confusion. I'm yet to get what I ordered and the white chocolate soy milk latte I took home last week was quite terrible.Just go somewhere else. It's truly not worth it.
3	This is my 'hood's Starbucks location.... so this is where I go to feed my pumpkin spiced latte addiction. The workers here are not just friendly and chipper, but also efficient. It doesn't matter how long the line is... It goes quickly. Never a long wait. This location is kind of small considering the high volume it handles. It can sometimes get a little cramped. My biggest problem here is the parking situation. It might as well be the Trader Joe's in Metropolitan. If you are lucky enough to score a spot out in front, it will take you forever to try and get back out. (True story: I actually had a friend go to the hospital after a car plowed into her here) I recommend parking over at the Palm Beach lot and walking. Avoid the exit that dumps you on Park... Go for one of the exits on Woodlawn.
1	One of the worst Starbucks I've been to. Slow to get drinks even when there's no one there. They do not get the drinks right, even if you spell it out for them. And it's dirty. I really have nothing good to say about this Starbucks.
4	Convenient location along Park Road (though if you're traveling south bound, you will need to either turn left on Woodlawn and come through parking lot or make a (legal) U Turn at Abbey Place). The Baristas at this shop are always friendly and seem eager to share a smile!! As indoor seating goes, there are tables and a high top bar. It can get crowded, but it is nothing compared to the Dilworth location.
3	I'm a Starbucks addict.  Slightly.  I have a gold card.  I've been to a Starbucks or two.Some Starbucks are so cozy and inviting, with friendly people behind the counter and throughout the shop.  This place is efficient.  The 3 stars literally says that it's A-OK.  That's what it is.  It's not cozy, but it gets the job done.I stopped here on my way to the Community Blood Center of the Carolinas.  It's convenient and on the way - but not necessarily friendly.  I'll probably stop here again for a quick coffee, but I can't see myself lingering like I do in some of the other Starbucks locations.  They have nice looking chairs, but no one sitting in them.  And yes, PLEASE be careful when you're backing out of your parking spot here.  People whip through this parking lot with all of the rage that comes with traffic on Park Rd.
3	Awkward layout of this place, kind of rectangular and broken up. Looked like only 2 people were working at 8 and the line got long but they both worked quickly.
3	I live less than two mins from this Starbucks and the struggle is real every single morning. I'm a long time Starbucks consumer. Part of it is the desire to get the caffeine into my system and part of it is the routine of going every morning. After moving to Charlotte I was ecstatic to have a Starbucks down the street ( clearly it doesn't take much to make me happy!) This is by far the most frustrating Starbucks I continue to go to. Maybe I'm glutton for punishment but I show up there every morning at 8:30 and every morning it's a battle to get through the slowest moving line BUT WAIT  then you will stand and shuffle and foot tap and pace for up to 15 mins while waiting for your drink because there is usually only one person making the drinks. It's 8:30 in the city and the line is out the door - in what world does that make sense?!? So on average if you're looking to spend anywhere between 15-25 mins waiting for a drink that may or may not ( may!) get lost in the shuffle this is your place.  I will say this .... many good looking guys come into this location but it's hard to get your flirt on when you're subtracting how many mins you'll have to get to your office in time.
1	I work around here and have been to this Starbucks twice, and both times were a frustrating experience.  The most recent time I went I ordered a tall java chip frappachino with no whipped cream and after I paid I was told it would be a little wait because they had to make more chocolate.  I wish she had told me this before I paid, I would have ordered something else.So I join the group of about 3 other people waiting and there is one person making the drinks and the girl that was working the register is just propped up against the counter because there is no one else in line.  Then about ten minutes later (yup, still waiting) two more employees emerge from the back and join the girl at the counter.  Meanwhile the poor lone drink maker is trying his best to work quickly and make the chocolate or mocha or whatever they were out of.  At this point I was ready to walk out, but I had already paid for my overpriced drink and I needed a chocolate fix.  Finally he gets the drinks done (with no help from the others) and kindly had upgraded everyone in line to a bigger size (he did give me whipped cream but I didn't have the heart to correct him...)  I felt so bad for the guy making the drinks and I wish the others had helped him out.  Very poor service- probably won't be coming back to this location.
2	Worst bucks ever.  Slow-bucks.  Been here several times and they are so inefficient compared to other establishments.  This place needs a management overhaul.
5	The staff at this Starbucks is seriously the most friendly staff I have ever encountered at a starbucks! Normally they slam your drink down but today, even though they were busy, she handed me my drink, looked me in the eye, smiled and told me to have a nice day! Is that not important to anyone else? I've literally had people at other starbucks, and business in general, ignore me when I greeted them or told them to have a nice day and as a customer it's not even part of my job! Starbucks product is consistently the same everywhere but this Starbucks has an AMAZING staff that makes me want to come back!
1	I have to admit the workers are very friendly but no exaggeration, 9 out of 10 times they will get my order wrong!!!!! Only reason why I go to this location is because it's close by to my work place but other than that, this Starbucks is a last resort
