1	First off , I only started to go here because my stylist moved  here. I give her 5 stars, Now on to this dump.The place is clean and nicely decorated. But here is where it all goes in the toilet. The receptionists are still very rude and make you feel like you are bothering them. Not a very good first imperssion. And I have been treated like this 5 times now, by the same two bitches. And don't get me started on all the drama I have to listen to.Please ________, for the love of God move out of this hellhole !
5	Girl, you just made my day. Thank you for letting me know where Tenaya is.I've been looking for her since I moved back to town.My hair is a disaster from going to too many bad stylists.How do i get there? Body Spa here i come!
5	A friend recommended this place and I was desperate for a cut and color. Lauren really took care of me. I have lots of thick hair so I know it can be quite a workout for any stylist! haha I've been places where they aren't that thorough with the color and I hate that. Lauren was great she got rid of all my grays and didn't cut off to much. She was great! I will definitely be back!
5	I'm not so much as rating the salon/spa as I am the stylist that took care of me. The salon is big with lots of different options to spoil yourself, but I went to get my hair done by Stephan Goetz. I was very impressed with his life as well as work history. He was very personable and friendly. Most of the time I go into a salon having no idea what I want. I told him what I was thinking and he tweaked it all with his knowledge. The color he chose was different, dark brown with a reddish undertone, he uses Italian color products which made my hair super shiny and was not irritating at all (my scalp usually gets slightly itchy with the dye sitting on it-not this time). Then he started the cut, he took such time to make sure it was precise. With short cuts you can see mistakes if any were made and it looks perfect, I've never had a cut like this. He took my face shape and skin shade into account when planning out my style. He did a great job!Rates are pretty comparable to most places I've been, maybe even a bit more affordable. I'm looking forward to returning, maybe adding some highlights to my new super cute do:)
4	5 stars for my massage therapist, 1 star for the facility.I bought a livingsocial deal for Michelle--East Meets West Massage. She was excellent. Really focused on working out knots all my tight areas, not a huge conversationalist until the very end of the massage when she was helping stretch me out. I definitely can recommend her. However.....I never can get really relaxed in a massage anyway, but the facility itself is the least relaxing place ever.First, the front desk staff was super weird and were engaging in conversation amongst themselves. I had to break up their conversation. Nope. Then they used an intercom system to call for Michelle. That's also weird and not relaxing if there is any other spa service going on. During the massage, you can hear the hair dryers and conversation going on in the salon outside. I don't want to hear the Steel Magnolias-style gossip going on outside the door while I'm getting bodywork done.I'll go back to Michelle because she's very good at what she does, but I wish her facility was a little better and more focused on a massage-friendly experience.
2	I was getting my nails done here on Tuesday night, and while my nail lady was fabulous, the ambiance was not. There apparently who is a hairdresser there, Barbara, and she lets her kids run around the entire salon as she works. I think it is highly unprofessional. I was in a complete opposite area of the hair salon, and I could hear the kids. Not to mention, the same lady, was on the phone screaming at someone...also very unprofessional. My nail lady said that was pretty normal and the kids were always at the salon being loud and the mother is very loud herself. I just wanted to relax for an hour or so, and could not do so in that atmosphere. I will not go back, just because I don't want to be bothered with an employees children running around....again....highly unprofessional.
4	I just left from Rhonda!! Awesome job! I came in and got a French pedi and it looks great!!! She's bubbly and personable! She loves her job and takes pride in her work. My feet feel great and my toes look amazing!!! Thank you Rhonda! I will definitely be back!!
5	I received a MASSAGE from JESSIE JONES.  I purhcased a Groupon for deep tissue.  He is exceptional.  A "10"  I requested target areas to be attended to, especially neck and shoulders.  Deep firm pressure and attended all areas of concern on the intake screening.   He certainly knows what he is doing.  Also, I loved the quiet and no chit chat....I really like to relax, not think and get the full benifit of the massage.  So, women who are always saying men dont talk much.....that is why I pick a male massause when I book treatment.  Thank you Jessie for a great massage.  You are worth it!  Kim
5	My sister gets her nails done here twice a month.. and I can see why. The staff is so friendly here. I decided to finally get gels and I was very happy with my results. The nail Tech Rhonda was "AWESOME" she is pleasant,funny, and very professional. What a great job! My hands feel so pretty and look AMAZING! Thank You Rhonda, you did great and the price is right  for me! Thank You! I'll be baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack!
5	I have been going to Dana for over 10 years!! She does a great job every time! She is meticulous and clean. I can highly recommend her!! My nails always look so good and I always have many compliments!!
5	This is going to be a short review.  I only come to see Jess.  She is amazing and makes my head look good.  I've been following her around town since she worked at Too Hotties.  Since then she has continued to progress and improve.  I'll follow her until she moves out of state.
