4	Great people and service in the Parts & Service Department! Very, very helpful!!!!You guys didn't have a picture, so I happily posted my bike you so eagerly helped me with!!!
5	Husband and I come here for the majority of our riding gears and dirtbike needs. Great customer service and very friendly staff! We come here so often that half of the staff already know us lol. We usually get a "how are my favorite weekly shoppers doing today?" greeting every time we walk in that door :) The store itself is very organized and you can find just about anything you're looking for, but if for some reason you cant, they're more than willing to help and provide you with a catalog of things that can be ordered and picked up within the next few days. I believe we ordered my husbands boots on a Tuesday and it was already delivered and ready to be picked up on that following Thursday. Dirt-bike wise... this store has mostly Yamahas and Suzukis. If you're shopping for Honda or Kawasaki, I'd suggest you check out the Rancho location. But they do have quads, a few Harleys and whatnot here too.
1	This place is absolutely awful!  My wife and I stopped by today 5/12/13 while we were out on a ride.  We walked in and were totally ignored by the staff  I finally approached the guy behind the counter, blonde kinda douchy looking and asked if they carried a product I was looking for. I received a blank stare and then he simply said no and returned to his conversation with another employee.  It was like he was being inconvenienced by customer asking for assistance.  There were multiple other people working as well and we were ignored by all of them.   I will never be back to this or any other ridenow location.  The only saving grace for this place was the gentleman we encountered in the parking lot I didn't catch his name but he rides a vstar 950 if I remember correctly.  He greeted us and seemed genuinely interested in helping.  If you want service with a smile or any service for that matter stay away from ridenow!  I will be going to another dealer for my parts and accessories needs from now on.  I would rather drive across town than give these guys one cent.
1	Wow......this place will say anything to get you in to buy one of their motorcycles. I worked out a deal over the phone for one of their new motorcycles and we BOTH agreed on an out the door price. Again, this was sight unseen and over the phone with the approval of the SALES MANAGER! Well, I get there the next day to Pick up the bike and called an HOUR ahead so they had time to get the bike ready to ride. ALL the financing was arranged ahead of time. When I got there, I established contact with the sales manager to let him know i arrived and was ready to sign paperwork. Would you believe they were NOT ready with ANYTHING!!!! The bike was still on the sales floor untouched and he had not one single piece of paper ready for me to sign. So, there went 1/2 hour or so for me to wait for him to arrange paperwork and have someone get the bike to the service area to be PDI checked. Anyway, another 1/2  hour goes buy and we are getting into the paperwork and i notice that the agreed upon out the door price had jumped by almost 1700 dollars, to which i asked him what was going on and he replied , and i quote, " well our OTD price does not include tax, title, and documentation"......I could not believe what i heard and said "thanks for wasting my time" , got up, and walked out the door. Ended up buying the motorcycle elsewhere for LESS than i was gonna pay at their place!!!!!!!!!!! DON"T make the same mistake I did. Find your ride somewhere else!!!!
1	I just took my 2007 Honda Rancher ATV for a spin around the block and it reminded me about my experience with Ridenow. I purchased my ATV at an auction and when I went to change the oil I discovered the oil pan drain plug was stripped. When I went to put the bolt back in after draining it just kept spinning. I called Ridenow and they sent somebody to pick it up. After waiting about 5 business days I called to see if they had an estimate and I was told they would call me the following day. They called me the following day and told me that it could not be fixed and my only solution was a new engine for $3000.00. That was about all the ATV was worth. I told them I would not be replacing the engine and had them return my ATV. I was thinking I would just part it out and try and recover what I paid for it.  In the meantime I started searching on the internet for other solutions to the problem. I was surprised to find several different options but the main one was to drill a new hole. Drilling a new hole in an aluminum pan is no easy task so I would have had to hire someone to do it with the proper tools. And then I came across someone that had a much simpler solution. This person who had the same problem purchased the same bolt needed for the oil pan plug but a half an inch longer. The theory is that there may be additional threads up a little higher that are not stripped. I went to the hardware store and spent $1.79 on a bolt a half an inch longer and I could feel it start to grab.  I stopped and removed the bolt. I sprayed a little Loctite solution on the bolt and then installed it normally. The bolt went in and tightened. I filled the engine with oil and waited about 30 minutes. No leaks. I started the ATV up and drove it around the block, let it sit another 30 minutes. No leaks. So instead of spending $3000.00 for a new engine as Ridenow suggested I spent a $1.79 at Lowes and fixed the problem myself. Moral of this story is, get a second opinion. Do your own research. These guys do not want to fix anything because it is much easier and more profitable to just replace it. Who knows, you just might save yourself $3000.00.  I have told my story too many friends & family and if you do the same maybe one day they will improve their service.
1	Only reason for shopping here is because they are the only ridenow Suzuki dealer. Was bent over and screwed on my bs service plan, paid 3k over blue book and the service department could care less about making a mess on your bike. When I brought this up and explained I have the service plan. I was told I would get a "discount " on my next service. You kidding me? If you can't clean up a simple job why should I trust you with valve adjustments? Next bike I'm getting will be a Yamaha from somewhere else!
1	Worst Customer service in town. Sales staff are uneducated in their product.
5	Very helpful in the purchase of my hayabusa. Reason for coming to this dealership is because Jimmy the service manager was there to make sure I was getting a good deal which I did. I would recommend friends and family to make your next Powersport purchase here. Only one thing that I don't like is they have a high turn over rate. I think it's important to keep quality staff employed. Now that the moved Jimmy the service manager I will no longer be going to this dealership. But I would still recommend to buy your next Powersport here. They will do anything in there power to make the deal work for both parties. Keep up the good work guys and wish you the best.
