3	Do we really need this in our lives?  Really?  REALLY????This is the second such place I've seen - the first was over a year ago and I'd almost forgotten but I think it's over on 7th street near Dunlap.  They just closed down the Taco Bell on Central and built this here.   But really???  Sigh... what's sad is how it makes my family happy.  I could (but don't anymore) eat Taco Bell 3-4 times a week easily and never feel like it was too much.  Girlfriend feels close to the same for Long John Silvers, especially the hush puppies, but there's never been one near our house.  Until now.  And where did they put this?  On our path between home and the gym.  Grrr.....So we relented after a long night and figured we'd get it over with. I can't get over the smell when you walk in.  Funky.  But the interior is done nicely with lots of booths and low tables.  Best part is a large round table that can easily sit 6.  They are kinda going for a seaside Mexican seafood look.  It doesn't work so well, but it's certainly not bad.  My tacos were yummy.  She said her fish was a little greasy.  (Don't even know how she can tell.  But apparently she can.)It's not important cuisine by any means, but it's not the worst fast food in the area.  But again, did we really need this?
4	Their drive through needs updating, otherwise your average tacobell and long john combo store, the server was very nice
1	After hearing about the huge commotion around Taco Bell's new "Doritos Locos Tacos", I whipped in here to try one.  They first came out last year and Taco Bell had to hire 15,000 more employees to handle the sales of this taco of over 1,000,000 per day!  Then just recently, the newest flavor, Cool Ranch, came out, & there were near riots at Taco Bells when the release date was delayed a little bit!Ok, so I whipped into this Taco Bell for a first visit to try this sales sensation.  First off, while the dining room is modern and nice in a way, I didn't find the seating arrangement very comfortable for actual dining, compared to similar restaurants.  This is just a matter of personal taste of course, & someone else might like the setup here.Up at the counter I placed my order for a "Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Taco Supreme" ($1.69) with unfriendly counter person "Steve", but when he told me the amount I knew that he had the order wrong.  I had ordered ONE ITEM, A Cool Ranch Doritos Locos SUPREME taco, not the regular one, and a cup of ice water since they don't have milk shakes, which was what I really wanted to drink...  TOTAL ORDER, TWO ITEMS!After what seemed like longer than it should have taken to prepare one taco in a restaurant that had only a scattering of customers, it finally came up, but they lost track of my drink, so I ordered it again.  ABOUT A MINUTE LATER, TWO EMPLOYEES managed to prepare a cup of water and place it on my tray, as the taco got cold.  I also had to ask for some hot sauce and they seemed to have to go looking for THAT somewhere!ONE STAR FOR THIS VERY POORLY RUN DISASTER CASE TACO BELL!!     :-OThe actual taco?  I thought it was delicious.  The only complaint here is that it isn't very big, and if you were to order four or five of them to make a meal, you would be at $6.76 or $8.45 without a drink, more than a full meal at some excellent full service Mexican restaurants around the Valley.  Ugh.
1	Service is usually very sloppy in this location and they often mess up orders.Figured I could be more descriptive.. My family loveees tacos. With a passion. But every time we seem to visit this location we're lucky to get our orders correct. Plain is plain! -_- it's cool to stop by when the Diamondbacks win, but eh, we've moved on :(
1	If you're going to close early and leave all your lights on, including the drive thru light,  at least pay attention when people are sitting at the sign waiting to order. Is that not common sense?
3	Fast friendly service. Ate at the long johns part. But forgot a piece of my fish. They did replace it, but not really the point. Room for improvement. Was clean at least. But had to ask for ketchup to be refilled and the little cups to be refilled. Sighs.
