3	Decent place to hang on the weekends with a few friends... It's dead here during the week. The crowd is on the younger side too.The atmosphere is decent, plus they have a large outdoor smoking area that has it's own access to the bartender (without having to go back inside). Good patio during the cooler months...Half expected to see Wile E. Cyote here drinking his troubles away...
2	Meh, it's too "This is my new haircut" scene.The girls are okay, not the best looking by any means, especially for Scottsdale, and the guys seem well, to go there to only impress guys?Not impressed at all and was rather disturbed by all the spiked hair, shaven chests and sunglasses being worn at night to further emulate the clientele's doosh factor.
3	I don't see what everyones problem with this place is. It's not bad at all if you have a group of friends you are hanging out with and just are out for a good time. It's a great place to take east coasters, and an even better place to take someone on their power hour. The drinks are inexpensive for scottsdale, and the bartenders are pretty quick. We were there on a somewhat busy night and didn't have to wait for drinks at all. The atmosphere is kind of lame, and the patio is so small that the smokers are basically smoking in the doorway to the club causing for it to smell smokey. -1 for smoke/layout+1 for the cool bartenders
3	So I went here with a friend, to meet up with other friends for a birthday. When we got there at 10pm it was dead. By 11pm it was pretty packed. Drinks were average priced. Bar was pretty chill for a while. I will say the only odd thing I found was the go go dancer. First, this bar doesn't really have that type of vibe, or the space. She was on the bar dancing. Ok. She was thin, blonde, large boobs BUT she could not DANCE. My friends and I were commenting on bad her "dancing" was. It made for a fun night. I would check it out again. Maybe there dancer will have time to work on her moves.
2	Yeah, this was an entertainingly crappy place to be. I can honestly say without sadness that I may never in my years to come, no matter how few or how numerous they may be, step into this place again. Nor will I think about it. No memories of its goodness or badness will stay with me. Except the really hammered dancing chick and her friend with the leg cast. And the dude doing the worm.... yeah....
1	No.The first night I went there was 30-thousand dollar millionaire look-at-my-new-haircut night, with specials for check-out-my-new-poof f*ck you i'm hot girls.  Seriously - this place is too cool for itself.  Though the bartender made us some bomb shooters, they were 8 bucks a piece!  Also, I really dont come to a downtown bar to see little skanks wearing "catholic school" outfits serving overpriced drinks to the wanna be hot guys only, completely ignoring us chicks.  No thanks
2	I don't know how long acme has been an establishment, though I believe they are approaching a decade. That's saying a lot for a Scottsdale bar, though when you actually come here you have to wonder why. There is nothing here that sets this pseudo dive apart from the others. A long bar runs from forward to aft. Booths are squeezed in on the opposite side, and if you are not here during peak hours, you have room to breathe. Otherwise, forget about it. Bartenders and wait staff don't appear knowledgable or engaging, the bar is sticky and smells of college dorm room. Tidbit from the bartender is best night is Tuesday - jam packed with industry folks. Not open on Mondays, their happy hour begins at 5 and goes until 8. $2 domestics, $3 wells, and half off all appetizers and pizzas. It being a grill, the menu is filled with burgers, sandwhiches, and steaks. Apps are the typical dive bar fare...wings, skins, nachos, dips. Probably a good spot for tackling your hangover, not to take a date.
1	While visiting from California we went to a few bars downtown and were pleased with all except ACME. This was the absolute worst bar I have EVER been to.  It took forever to get a drink from the tool of a bartender. Then some nasty chick with STD's written all over her was dancing on the bar next to our $5 bottled beers. My boyfriend and I decided to walk upstairs to get away from it all only to be stopped by what assumed to be a bouncer,  whom was sitting on a couch. He told us females only upstairs though we saw males up there. Later to be told by the bartender "you have to have a vagina or act like you have a vagina".  We left after one beer and went to Saddleranch where we had an absolute blast.
1	I heard the music from the sidewalk and wouldn't even walk in. What a basic and lame name. I did not see any reason to go in there. I would rather walk around and listen to Andre Nickatina.
3	I like the bar. Nothing fancy but I like the low-key vibe there. Staff is pretty friendly during happy hour. Gets a little too crazy at night. I prefer to sit at the bar and watch a game on their flat screens then leave before it gets packed. Food is 50/50 hit or miss.
1	I was from out of town visiting for Spring Training, saw this Bar & Grill place and had the worst experience. Long story short, I'm a woman that got punched by a "man" RIGHT IN FRONT of the security guards and they did not do ANYTHING!!! A security guard is supposed to protect you when there is an altercation but apparently not at Acme Bar & Grill. There were two guards who stood there and let it happen. It took them about 10 minutes to call the cops as well. WORST PLACE EVER! First of all, what "man" hits a woman and what kind of "security guard" are you if you're not doing your job. The police department wasn't any better. Would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.  My dad works for the SJPD and is looking into the security system down there as well.
