4	The four stars are for you Amber. You definitely are an amazing salesperson and the only one that actually knew what she was talking about. I would have put 5 stars....but somethings are lacking...like the other employees that stand there looking stupid when I am obviously there to buy a phone. (Especially when I ask, is there anybody that can help me, I need a new phone) In comes Amber to save the day. I am not the easiest customer by a million miles. I am very indecisive and a little bit clueless. Amber was patient and explained things to me in a conversation that I can understand. But I have to say the funniest thing that happened the other day. I went in since my phone decided to not turn on. (Yes people, the battery was charged) The manager was helping me and another customer. Amber came up and started talking and the other customer said, "Amber! What a cool name) I am not kidding you, the manager gave the customer the Loser sign. It was hilarious. Luckily the customer had a sense of humor.
1	I have never been more disappointent with a company in my life! It took me 4 months of calling Customer Service and going into the store to get my phone issues fixed. I'm talking about something as simple as being able to access my voicemail. I finally had to travel 30 miles away to a DSC store where finally after what seemed to be 27 employees later I am now able to retrieve my voicemail and send a text message! I would NEVER recogmend AT&T to anyone and I dream of the day my contract is up. I would rather pay a higher bill with Verizonthan deal with the incompetence of the employees and lack of Customer Service!
1	If I could give zero stars I would.  They just don't care about customer service and are super apathetic.
1	I'm not an AT&T customer and I will never be, but I was there with a friend because she wants to buy the screen protector for her new Samsung Galaxy S4.  When we walked into the store, there were a lot of customers waiting to be served and there were only 3 employees covering the store, 2 females and 1 male.  We were greeted by the male employee that he will help us once he's done helping his customer.  We waited for about 5 minutes and noticed that the male employee has disappeared and is no where to be found.We waited and waited and then none of the other 2 female employees ever came and let us know that we will be helped.  Be in mind that they were helping their own customers at the time, but still, I was shocked that they don't care about other customers but the ones they are helping out at the moment.  No wonder people said AT&T has the worst customer services, I never knew that was true until last night.Good thing I'm not an AT&T customer, or I would go crazy for not being offer any assistant.  If you want a good service, try going to another AT&T store or just shop online.
2	Holy up-sale city! The store is clean, the staff is friendly and accommodating, but man, let me be. I don't get who decides that customers would like being hounded about this that and the other thing, but I just came in for my phone. It just makes me feel like they looked at me and thought "This guy's a sucker". Not a fan.
5	Recently went In to reevaluate the plans on my two lines. Haven't been on for years and found it surprisingly pleasant. Sat down with Jose and he was quite helpful and I updated to a plan that made more sense for my wife and I. He seemed like he really knew his stuff which is always welcomed. He did talk about additional features and services that I, hadn't actually heard about but ultimately I didn't really need, but he wasn't pushy at all and actually just gave me the info if need in case I was interested at a later time. I decline and he let it go. Big kudos for not turning a simple visit into a major headache, which is what I was expecting for some reason. I'll definitely head back to this location anytime I need to talk to someone.
1	This store makes me want to change to verizon. Bad experience. Never solve my problem. If you want to do something a little complicate, it will takes u half a month to do it. They keep telling you go back home and take what what. After you take all documents, they will tell you they just cannot do it with no reason!!! But verizon will do all of this without a doubt. Call quality is bad too.
1	I wish I could give this store zero stars because it truly deserves it. I even called AT&T customer service (611) about this store. The people who work here are so rude every time I have ever been in it. I have been an AT&T customer for TEN YEARS, in two different states, and I have never encountered a worse staff. I am surprised I am still an AT&T customer after visiting this store. This store could not care less about pleasing the customer, just making their sales and getting commission. How do I know this? Because they literally told me they want commission on my sale. Also, one of the managers tried to compare his job to mine, saying I don't know what it's like to worry about their job. I'm a teacher. Please, AT&T, do yourself a favor and restaff this offensive, joke of a store.
5	Gabriel gets a 5 star rating today for his excellent customer service and patience. Thank you
1	Screw you at&t. I bought a used iPhone 4 but the nazis at at&t wont unlock it for me because the previous owner owes a balance. That should be between you and the previous owner. I will never use your service and will try to persuade everyone I know to jump ship and use a carrier who knows what customer service is.
