4	The El Rancho on Arizona Ave is a helluva good time. It is a grocery store and a good time. What is not to like about that? The El Rancho IGA - Independent Grocers Association is in full swing on Arizona Ave.  On the grocery side, it has a great bakery, with excellent sugar cookies, tres leche cakes, and a lot of multi-colored sugary gems I have not had the time to eat my way through. The deli serves burros, tacos, bbq meats and take away. You can sit down in the middle of the store and have a meal and get up and continue to shop! You can get fresh ceviche, salsas, and the like. The meat department has fantastic prices and a nice butcher who will butterfly and de-bone any cut of meat you like. Great beer and produce section. This grocery store is old school, the carts are small, the aisles close together and the store is small and the cashiers do not have scanners. The cashier seems to know everyone and when she comes across me, she just laughs as we talk about my purchases.  What is the fun part? I have not found anyone whose first language is  English and I don't speak Spanish. So I get the thrill of leaving my little burb and venturing into a great market of food and interact in another culture - yes, I point at the cases and act out the questions as I talk in Spanglish and I get to do this all before dinner! Try the caso it is really good and ceviche on chips...Mucho Gusto!
4	This is definitely a hidden gem for Mexican food lovers. If you are not hispanic (particularly if you cannot speak Spanish), this place can be intimidating. But the food and experience is about as authentic as you can get. It's as if you stepped out of the US and into a Mexican Mercado. You can eat within the restaurant area and get pretty much anything you'd expect from a Mexican restaurant and then some. My dad originally found this place in his quest for the obligatory weekend menudo. We've been coming ever since.Open up to a new culture and try this place. Be advised, you're not going to a 5 star restaurant. This is a place to grab a quick bite or take-out. Reasonably priced, authentic and as a bonus you can shop for Mexican staples in the grocery, bakery and meat sections of the store.
4	El Rancho is not just a market...it's almost like a food village.  As soon as you walk in, you're confronted with the hussle and bussle of people moving about, ordering food from one of the many stalls, and eating nicely priced burritos, meats, and desserts.  I've been here twice and it's just a fun place to visit, like Christy T. said.  There's just so much energy in here and some great aunthentic food that is quick to go!  There's a yummy juice stand inside that sells a variety of aguas frescas and they even have homemade ice-creams, which unfortunately I couldn't try because they were cleaning up for the day and everything was already put away... This is also one of the cleanest Mexican supermarkets I have ever seen....it's like the AJ's of Hispanic markets... with neatly placed products on every shelf.  I'll upload pictures soon so you can get a peek.  El Rancho is definitely more than your ordinary supermarket.... it's an EXPERIENCE!
5	what can one person say about food heaven on earth.....the ox tail soup is the best in the west....i am in a different world when i walk thru the doors of el rancho. i drive or fly from san diego just for the ox tail soup...........the service and the fresh food is better than some 5 star restaurants i've eaten at. again 5 stars is not enough for this place. when i die i want my ashes spread around the place.
5	Yesssshhh ! Cocina like its made in Mexico, and by that I mean the food court is authentic and yummy. The amount of meat selection is just huge and I mean replete with Tripe, Tongue, Blood slabs and all that.The Panaderia is huge as well...... "heaven"The condiments are nice and spicy (not overt but just a little over the edge)The prices for the groceries are pretty decent as well. Have to come back here for the avocados
4	I don't really even come here to shop.I come here to eat.When the usual restaurant-type Mexican food just won't cut it, I go to El Rancho Market to satisfy my hunger for real authentic Mexican food.Don't let the language barrier be too much of an obstacle.  Don't let that stop you from treating yourself to some Grade A Mexican food.  There's no shame in just pointing at what you want.  I don't speak Spanish and I've never had any trouble ordering there.Also, for you people that can grill, but are not great at marinating meat..  El Rancho has a variety of pre-marinated meat at great prices.  I've tried all of them, and none have disappointed me so far.  Just grab some freshly made tortillas, tortilla chips, Spanish rice, and some fish or shrimp ceviche and you're good to go.  Put this all together for lunch and have the leftovers for dinner.
4	Went to El Rancho last weekend to pick up some of their Fantastic mesquite-grilled chicken - about $5 for a whole butterflied bird they grill out in the parking lot, plus tortillas and salsa.  Bro and Sis and I stopped in the Food Court to check it out; none of us speak Spanish, but I've been here 30 years, so i can get by with menu items - asst mgr came out to help us gringos, and we had one of the absolute best lunches EVER - crispy juicy carnitas plates for the boyz and ribs for Sis for under $20 - we could barely finish.and the drinks!! we had big cups of mixed horchata and strawberry/mango/Jamaica flower juices.  we ev3n picked up a tres leche cake for dinner, and it was just amazing.  Muy authentico and Ab Fab. don't miss this place.10/12/11 Bro came out again from Carolina for my birthday and insisted we go back to El Rancho for lunch and carryout grilled chicken - still the best quality food for an amazing price.  And the made-right-there cakes and pastries and tortillas are hot and fresh and delicious.
5	Good grief.  Good, wonderful, awesome grief.I've been to the El Rancho on 19th in Phoenix.  I was all smiles then.  Even more-so here.Screw the groceries.  Head to the left towards that smell of stewed meats, seafood salads, sweet stuff, and salsas.  That is where 'its' at, whatever 'it' may be for you.My second time at this location, and...I still wasn't able to magically learn Spanish upon entering the place, like it seems like I would be able to.  So trying to find out what a specific meat in a specific sauce actually is, that's kind of an adventure in its own.  I go there mainly for what I FINALLY found out is cueritos, but I STILL don't know what to put it in or how to serve it.  So I just grab a fistful of it out of the bag and down it.  Works for me.Ceviche was new to me until I was given a sample by the nice lady who noticed me staring at it (first visit)...second visit I went to purchase two pounds for our work potluck.  Both first visit lady and second visit lady were helpful and friendly...only second visit lady spoke English regularly.  I felt like taking her around the store with me to answer me every time I said "What IS that?"The reviews show that people really like the place, but they love the atmosphere...  Is it just that its different?  So...why don't we embrace PEOPLE that are different in the same way we embrace a friggin GROCERY STORE that is different?  Coming here makes me want to get to know more about this different culture...the people, the food, and the food again.  You don't really want to leave.So what if you can't speak Spanish, like the other folks here say, just point and nod.  Start at the first tray in the long cases of food and try a different one each visit.  Why not?  Everything is priced for those who got pocket change.  To heck with Taco Bell...I can get a whole package of tostada shells, the meat, and some salsa for less than a doggoned 'Bel Grande' combo.  Also, when I look over yonder to parts of the store yet explored (can't get out of that food section), I see the freshest looking meats I've ever seen in any store's meat section.  I can see how red and fresh the meats are from across the store.  That brings me to the pride you'll find here.  Pride in preparation.  Pride in what they put on their shelves.  Pride in presentation.  Pride in their store.  So go.  Just go.
5	sit down and eat AND try everything! - that's the best advice i can give you.sit down and eat because, if you take your food home (such as the birria), the juices will leak in the bag and you won't be able to sop all of it up with the tortillas they give you. try everything because you can and you will be a better person having done so. i tried the buche, not knowing it was cow esophagus. it was DELICIOUS and i have bought some since. my young daughters LOVE the ribs and the ceviche is the best. sometimes, i ask the tortilla makers to bag me up a bunch right off of the line, squeeze some lime on them and eat them right out of the bag. that "chocolate" drink (i forgot the name) that is sold by all the other fresh drinks is soooooooooo good and HOT, so don't drink it straight away. chandler is really looking up these days - i can get true birria here, get a jamaican meat patty from down the street, cuban moros and christianos across THAT street, and a really, really great hot dog with chili and asiago from the hugest pittsburgh fan in an antique shop a walk away from there. YAY!
4	The look of the place is not the greatest but a bit of spanish in town.  Have lots of prepared food at this place with sweets counter.  Seating for those that choose to sit down for a bite to eat.   I came in brought some authentic spanish cookies, candies and drinks for my mother.. Great Prices and love the fact they carry Latin hard to find items in this hidden area..
4	I bought my sister's birthday cake here that was big enough to feed 70 people and let me tell you, they know how to do cakes. Everyone raved. I hate butter cream and overtly sweet frosting, so I was pleasantly surprised when they used whipped cream frosting without me having to request it. If you hate the grocery store cakes with their godawful bone dry cakes and disgusting frosting you should give El Rancho Market a try. They have a great cake book you can order out of. Don't be intimidated like most people who do not speak Spanish. I don't have that problem but my boyfriend is a gringo and he has no problem shopping here. They have even joked with me sometimes that I need to teach him. Hey, he took Spanish in high school, he should get along fine right? If you come along and eat inside in the food court there are benches inside and they make their tortillas fresh so you can sit and eat and watch them make tortillas.
2	So I am an occasional shopper here at this market.. for a few reasons: we love their in-house made corn tortillas; they have a good selection of mexican treats (Bimbo breads and coconut bars) and if I'm buying conventional produce, their prices can't be beat.  Also, their pan Bolillo is really good and cheap and their cakes (3 Leches) are pretty damn good.OK, so here is where the minus comes in.. the BIG minus.My husband and I used to go occasionally for breakfast (I'd usually order simple, straightforward things like carne asada tacos.. don't get much simpler than meat in a corn tortilla).. well, the last time we did this, I found my meat... ready?... wait for it... to be the color blue and purple.  I had brown meat, but I had pieces of it that were blue and purple... no effin' joke.  I thought it was a trick of the eye, but I closely examined it and ... sho'nuff, that shit was blue and purple.  I immediately threw away my dish and never have I since ordered meat from their kitchen side.That being said, I've also become more cautious in buying meats here... not to sound like a snob, but you bet I'm not buying my next cut of beef here!  I'm cool with their breads and their cakes and tortillas and such, but if it comes to meat, I'm out the door.I much prefer Pro's Ranch Market - the REAL Ranch Market.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch, Taco special.  Good stuff!  Also picked up some beef to grill.  The prices for the groceries are pretty decent.
4	BLACK FRIDAY 2012 ROTD Baby!!!If you like green chiles, they have bags of roasted ones at the checkout.  Pick one up and smell it.  What an amazing aroma.  Now buy it !!!  Because I don't want to come in and pick up a bag, knowing your nose germs (and who knows what else) are all over the outside of the bag.They also consistently have great ripe avocados.  Wish I could say the same for Sprouts, who typically sells avocados that could break windows.Stop by the juice counter and get a strawberries and cream, horchata, or possibly watermelon juice.But the real reason I come here is twofold.  The first reason is the meat counter, which is where they keep the ranchera steak.  Oh yeah, have them add the marinade and let it sit overnight.  The second reason is the hot food counter.  Best refried beans I've had in a while.  While you're there, pick up a tub of their freshly made salsa, and some hot tortillas.
5	This place is bumpin on the weekends. Great  place to shop for groceries or have lunch. They grill outside, have all kinds of hot entrees inside and a delectable array of pastries. Not to mention the hot-off-the-press corn tortillas.  Know your Spanish when you go, not very many of the staff speak English.
4	Great bakery, restaurant and fresh tortillas
4	my birthday again; sis and bro and cousins/spouses from Texas came to town.  the Texans raved about the amazingly fresh and delicious food, and could not believe the prices. Randy ate the side of guacamole with a spoon; they were making fresh chips and he could not wait; he was growling around the spoon about how good it was.  We got pastries and the grilled chicken again for dinner later, and it all was perfect.Once again we were the only non-Hispanics in the place, and everyone was so friendly, both workers and shoppers.The girl who took my order spoke as much English as I do Spanish, but we got it right anyway; and as I went down to the cashier, he was a Senior at ASU, and we joked for a while, since I had a UofA shirt on.Great place - don't miss it.
3	This market specializes in Latino foods.  They carry some "ordinary" items, but also a lot of things you won't find in a typical grocery.  They has some unique produce items, a large variety of seasonings and dried chiles (serranos, pasillas, etc), canned items useful for Mexican cuisines, snacks, etc.If you're looking to cook some authentic recipes, this is perhaps your best bet to find those crucial ingredients.Also, they have a small restaurant  in the grocery that serves some awesome Hispanic dishes.  You'll find most of the patrons are Hispanic...this is where they come for their groceries and for the restaurant.   Good stuff.
4	Horchata & Grilled Chicken. Delish!!! When I want something mexican in nature, this is a good place to get your fill. bakery is good & they make their own tortillas. Its all good
4	This has to be the best Mexican market in the valley.  Huge selection.  We bought the carne asada and had them add the marinade, it was delicious.  They also have a large variety of prepared food we were hungry so grabbed a bowl of concido which was delicious.  The bread selection was very large.  We will definitely be back.  I gave 4 stars because the prices were a little higher then we have seen others.
4	My spot to get Carne Asada for grilling. Once you drive into the parking lot, the aroma of grilling meat lures you to the store. They always have a great choice of meats and produce. Even if you don't speak Spanish, you will find what you need and have an adventure doing it. Get your Masa for your tamales, tortillas and even grab something tasty to eat during your shopping experience.
1	Not clean or managed well. Children run wildly and there are flies in with the sweetbreads.
4	Fun place to shop... authentic Mexican products. Amazing tortillas, pollo asado and carne asada...
4	When you pull up to the parking lot you're greeted with the smoke and aroma of BBQ chicken being grilled right in front of the store. The grocery store offers a  variety of Latin food.  I like that they have a full size bakery.  They also have a refreshment area that sells an assortment of fruit drinks.
