5	Being a brand new hotel, I really expected a few things wrong with the place. However, that is not the case with this place. It is new, fresh and very inviting.  My room, almost to the top floor overlooks Lake Monona, which is gorgeous in the morning.  Sunrise over the lake is really beautiful.This Hampton inn is the only one that I've stayed at with a restaurant attached. I can't say about their food quality, but their bar service is excellent.Being close to State street really brings a lot of attraction to this place.  Walking distance to all of the restaurants and bars is a big plus in my opinion.Service has been good too.  Some of the crew could use more experience, but being new hotel, I think that this can easily be overcome.I can't wait to stay here again.
4	Being a HHonors Diamond member, I stay in more than my fair share of Hilton properties (over 60 night per year).  This new hotel in downtown Madison is One of the nicest Hampton Inn's I have ever stayed in.If you've ever stayed in the cookie-cutter Hampton Inns across North America, you know them as 3 story, light beige boxes.  Sure they have updated most of them recently, and I like their quirky sense of humor with sayings on the elevator doors and hipster vibe around the front desk & lobby area.  THIS location takes it to a new level of comfort for an inn (pun-intended)...Isabel at the front desk was awesome - ssshhh don't tell anyone but she gave me two packages of Gummy Bears upon checkin.  She was super helpful in explaining the hotel layout and amenities.  This is such a BIG property it could easily be called a Hilton or Embassy Suites.  Check out the pictures previously posted by other Yelpers and you'll see how nice the lobby and the rooms are.Isabel also gave us a great sheet of dining options that are within walking distance (although being January, this Texan-in-Wisconsin drove to the restaurant).One of the best things about the new HI rooms is that there are tons of electrical outlets.  On either side of my bed were nightstands with lamps that double as electric outlets for my iPhone, iPad and MacBook Pro (Yes, I am an Apple fanboy!)
5	I stayed here in December 2013 and I have no complaints during my stay.  The front desk personnel were always nice, polite, and helpful.  There is a parking garage so no need to worry about waking up to a car full of snow.  The building is huge and new.  My room was clean and big.  The bed was very comfortable.  The free breakfast is the usual Hampton Inn breakfast, which I would say tops other hotels.  The fitness room was great.  It had free weights, a cable machine with a pull-up bar, a few treadmills, a couple of elipticals, and some medicine balls.  I would not think twice about staying here next time I'm in Madison.
4	Stayed here with my mom a few weeks ago. Awesome hotel! The rooms are fairly large and the decor is super cool. Beds are extremely comfortable, as expected with a Hampton hotel. Bathrooms were also very clean.Pool was clean but empty. The whirlpool could have been warmer too. Also the cardio machines in the fitness center didn't work which was very disappointing. Overall, we would definitely stay here again.
5	Brand new beautiful Hampton Inn. By far the nicest Hampton property I've stayed at! The staff is friendly, the gym is awesome, it is very clean and modern.
5	I didn't know this was a new property when I booked here. I was pleasantly surprised by the large And well appointed room. Great location just two blocks from State Street & walking distance to the State Capital and UW campus. Great free breakfast, too!
4	Newly built hotel. Very lovely rooms and a beautiful lobby. The only thing wrong this hotel is their night front desk worker Tyree. He is the most rude individual ever to work hospitality. Get rid of him and this place is perfect. Thanks!
5	This property is more like a Hilton than a Hampton. The hotel is fairly new, and is in a great location right downtown with easy walking access to evrything.  The staff were super nice too.  We had a top floor room and had great views of Madison. Excellent  plush rooms. On our way out, we discovered we had accidentally left our car lights on, and the battery was dead.  We went to the front desk, and she said, "Oh that's no problem, we have a little machine here that will give you a jump start.  Our maintenance man will come right down and can help you."  10 minutes later we were on our way.  How great is that!I will definitely stay here again.
5	We had an awesome stay here! Location wise, this place is half a block from where I used to live in college. It is close to state street, capitol, ians pizza, all the bars and restaurants. Super convenient location. They hace indoor garage for $12/day. Remember you need your room key to go in to garage. But first time, just take a ticket.Room is spacious, comfortable and clean! Very new and love the UW theme decor.Hot breakfast is included, and they are awesome! DIY waffle, plus eggs, omelet, sausage, bacon, bagels, yogurts etc... man, I looked forward to breakfast for the 3 days we stayed there. Coffee is 24/7 and plenty of fruits in the lobby.Also, when we checked in, you get complimentary water and super friendly staff!!! I have to say, this is one of my favorite stay in any hotel. Keep it up! Go badgers!
5	Very big room and clean.
5	Brand new as of October 2014. Ideal location, easy walking distance to State street, the Capitol, and two scenic lake shores.  Service at the was outstanding. Complimentary breakfast was excellent. Spacious room and bathroom . Would stay there again.
5	I stayed over the weekend and it was amazing. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was great!  It is very close to all attractions, bars, and boutiques. The rooms are clean and spacious, even the hallways. I thought it was very nice that the hotel provided pool toys for children, that says a lot that they're also family friendly.  I was really sad to leave this place... I would definitely stay here next time I visit.
4	Great location.  Wonderful staff.  There was an awful smell on the first floor that they were working to remove.  The rooms was clean and large.  The free breakfast was great.  Great beds!  The only neg was there was no exhaust fan in the bathroom.  Better than most Hiltons I have stayed in.
5	Great hotel!  Clean, friendly and helpful staff, good breakfast.  Maggie and Joey were tremendously helpful at check-in, giving us an upgrade when they couldn't find connecting rooms in the type we'd reserved.  Katelynn, who works at breakfast, is so friendly and goes out of her way to make your experience better.  There are toys in the beautiful pool area.  Seriously, such a great experience.
5	We decided to stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites for our Wedding.  Although they were unable to give us a room block for our wedding, every other aspect of our stay was perfect.  The front of house staff was so friendly and caring.  They went over and above for everything and even gave us a bottle of wine.  The rooms are beautiful and incredibly clean.  We had a room at the Edge Water the night before and the comparison between the staff at each location is night and day.  I would stay at this hotel any day over the Edge Water.The free breakfast was superior to all other hotel breakfasts I have had in the past, and the Basset street brunch club has some excellent food as well.  If you are looking for a friendly hotel in Madison that has quite possibly the best location, There is no better place to stay.
4	Good first impression. Easy parking garage around the back with in and out privileges at $12/ night. Convenient to the downtown action. Walkable to the lake side and state street. We got a handicapped room because the foyer was spacious and the bathroom had all the extra railings. Very clean and well presented. Hot showers, plenty of towels (though not quite as soft and fluffy as one would hope). Big mirror but not makeup/shaving mirror and no fan to sweep away the fog. They did provide a hair dryer, lotion, bar soap, shampoo and conditioner. Good room temperature control. Mini fridge, microwave, flat screen and bench at foot of bed. You can here the people in the hallGym and pool. Free breakfast Closet was a little small but it was stocked with an ironing board and plenty of hangers
