2	Not sure about the other Bamboo Clubs in the Phoenix area, but this one.....uh.......I wouldn't go there again if you paid me. Yes that sounds very harsh.  I will say that it was not the wait staff that is causing me to give such a poor review, our waiter was friendly, and prompt.  The food however......leaves a lot to be desired.We ordered the lunch special which consists of a soup, an appetizer, and a main course all for $9.95. Not bad huh? Yeah well I think there is a reason for the 'steal of a deal' pricing.So let me break it down for ya.....- Iced tea tasted like steamed cardboard.  I think it was supposed to be green tea...but not 100% sure.- Wonton soup, not too bad, but the pork tasted rubbery.- Fried rice almost made me vomit. Seriously folks.  Without going into Drama Queen mode...let me just say EEEEW.  I could have sworn they cooked band-aids with the rice because that's how it tasted.- The crab wontons...too crabby and peppery. - The mandarin orange chicken, eh..so-so. That was about the only thing I picked at on my plate. I'm hoping that it was really chicken and not some other animal because it did look a little strange for chicken.We did get seated quickly and got our food in a flash. Our waiter was very courteous and the environment is pretty cool. It's just a shame that the food was so incredibly bad.
3	I'd give it a 3.5.   This particular Bamboo Club was so-so.  The food was good, although they didn't serve me what I ordered which was a disappointment since I was looking forward to one of my favorites.  I'd chock that up to just a bonehead waiter.It's decent "Americanized" Asian food if you like big chains like PF Chang's and Pei Wei, but it's not "true" Asian food to me and I didn't expect that it would be.  I'll still go there on occasion, but I'll be on the look out for more independent locales with more authentic fare.I think I need to venture more towards the East Valley for that...
5	Unfortunately the Desert Ridge and Tempe Bamboo locations have closed.Fortunately, there is one at the 101 and Shea. Same great food, smaller, more intimate atmosphere. Family run so it doesn't have that "chain" feel.New patio lounge and indoor-outdoor bar. Awesome happy hour prices.
5	The Desert Ridge location is CLOSED. The Bamboo Club in Scottsdale (Shea & 101) is still open and was always better than the other locations. The Scottsdale Bamboo is now privately owned by a local family. The menu is similar but offers cheff's specialties as well. The food is consistently awesome. Still upscale casual with the emphasis on casual. Great new energy and run by people who care.
