5	If I could go to the buffet every week, I would! It's so inexpensive for all you can eat. It was an all around great experience. I heard of this place by word of mouth, and figured that a buffet full of foods I'd never tried before would be so amazing. I was very pleased!!! We got 3 rounds of food plus dessert. There isn't much of a dessert selection, but I preferred to fill up on all of their other food anyways.
4	I had dinner here yesterday while passing through Cambridge and I was pleasantly surprised! Great variety of meat and veg dishes. Great nan, and a dedicated fruit station!Wonderful value, I am still full today.
4	The atmosphere isn't anything to write home about but who cares when the food is this good and this affordable. Incredible service and friendly staff. This place is a gem. Incredibly good value for your money, you can't go wrong.
5	OMG yummy. My husband and I love Indian food but have been hard pressed to find a good one in our area. Or search is over! Fusion has a wonderful selection of curries and beautiful fresh naan. The tandoori chicken is amazing. Inexpensive too. Almost half the price of comparable Indian buffet. Truly amazing!
5	Excellent Value, Very good food and seriously excellent service.  Last time we went there was no Veggie Korma on the buffet.  (Our favourite dish).  Our waiter immediately went to the kitchen and had the chef prepare a small bowl of veggie korma especially for us at no additional charge.  Now THAT is SERVICE!  We have always found the food hot and delicious.  At 11.99 for the dinner buffet, it is a real bargain.  In addition to a great many entrees including vegetarian options, there is a salad bar that includes fruit, and kheer (Indian rice pudding) other desserts and ice cream.  A take out container from the buffet is 6.99.   The afghan style bar-b-q chicken is particularly nice, and of course there is also the tandoori chicken as well as a mint chicken.  The curries range from mild to medium to hot, and there is a large selection of vegetable dishes.  The roasted veggies are delicious.  All in all - who can say more?  This is the best Indian food we've had in years and we try to return at least once a month.  We live more than an hour's drive away or we would be going much more often.
1	Well, we love the buffet,especially the veggie korma... HOWEVER, diners beware...  Three times now we have found the tandoori chicken and the mint chicken, not just under cooked, but near raw and bloody near the bone. I have on two occassions spoken to the staff about it - and last night, once again, under cooked chicken.  Undercooked chicken is a serious health risk due to salmonella poisoning.  Because of this, I have downgraded my rating on this restaurant. They push the chicken pieces tightly onto a large skewer leaving no space between the pieces.  This is the cause of the problem - the heat simply can't get through to cook the pieces near the skewer, where they are firmly  in contact.Enjoy the buffet but make sure the chicken you take is cooked through.
5	Excellent choices for veggie and meat dishes. Very reasonably priced which is great! So happy to have found a great Indian place so close to work!
1	Well, the food was almost cold.  At best lukewarm and a breeding ground for bacteria and food poisoning.  We complained to the waitress who brought out the cook?  manager?  who proceeded to argue that we must have taken the food from the top of the bins without stirring it and taking it from the bottom!!  I'm sorry but is that the customers job to keep the food stirred and hot or the staff??  He argued loudly, and for some time, that he had had no other complaints (and no other customers! apart from one elderly couple who had not gotten past the soup and salad!!) the place was empty at prime time 6:15 pm on a Sunday evening.  So, plates of food we refused to eat and this person screaming that we had to pay for it when we gave up and tried to leave!!  well, we paid and tomorrow I will tell MC to cancel that payment!  I have just written a formal complaint to the region's health department, restaurant inspections   BEWARE!  Between the bad food handling where it sits all day at room temperature from lunchtime to dinner and the half raw chicken that can kill you, find somewhere else to eat!!
1	Lukewarm food, chicken tandoori and mint chicken bloody and raw near the bone.  This restaurant has seriously gone downhill recently.  If there are 3-4 customers seated, that's about it and it's obvious why!  The food sits for hours (maybe days for all we know) and none of the staff bothers to stir it to keep it hot, so imagine the bacteria count.  Yes, we ate there recently, I should say, we didn't eat after trying the food and finding it almost cold.  Still one nasty case of food poisoning later...  :-(  So sorry to see this restaurant going down this way.  It used to be a favourite, but never again.    If you eat there, make sure you order fresh made food.  Forget the toxic buffet.  It just isn't worth the risk.
