4	We showed up after a Pirates game to keep the buzz rolling, and this place did the trick. 22-ounce Yuenglings for $4? My kind of place. There were plenty of sports on the tellie, some really kickin' alt rock music, and one of the friendliest crowds of all time. That adds up to a hell of a bar in my book.
4	A co-worker and I decided to go out to lunch together today.  As a contrast to the rather bland, rushed meal I ate yesterday at Subway, I suggested he and I try this place.  I'd read good things about it in the "Post-Gazette" and the "Tribune-Review".The Rachel sandwich sounded mighty tempting, but since I was in the mood to sample, I tried the soup and 1/2 sandwich combo.  The soup was delicious and it sure didn't taste canned.  The 1/2 chicken sandwich on rye was very fresh too.  Good, inexpensive place to eat at.  They do catering too, so maybe I'll recommend them for the next office party.
4	Stopped by Mark's for a quick bite to eat last night.  Both outside and in the place looks like an ordinary, run-of-the-mill bar, so I wasn't expecting anything special.  Then I saw that they had Dogfish Head and East End beers on tap - nice, I figured they'd just have macros.  I ordered a 60 minute IPA and a double-decker corned beef/pastrami Reuben.  The sandwich was amazing - fresh bread, lots of good meat, house-made dressing and slaw, and a heap of thick, flavorful, house-made chips.  It was easily the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh; admittedly this isn't saying much, but this sandwich would hold its own anywhere.  And at only $7 for a huge meal it's a great value, too.  I'll definitely be visiting Mark's again soon.
4	I had a great time at Mark's on a Friday night after the Duquesne game.  Do I wish this place had some weekend hours because I keep missing the place when I travel to downtown Pittsburgh. They have good bar food and great drink specials at Mark's. The bartender blew fire the only time I went and I thought that was very extraordinary, not sure if it happens here a lot or if it was a one time thing.  Well it was definitely memorable and I have yet to see any other bartenders pull that trick.  Next time I see a firebreather anywhere (even if it's at the circus, or on TV or whatever)  I will think of how it happened that one time at Mark's because it was totally unexpected and spectacular.EDIT: :PERMANENTLY CLOSED
