4	Big.  Scary.  Walmart.
1	Probably the worst Walmart I've been to. Do not use them for oil changes. Some kid at the register tried to rip me off 48 cents and I had to talk him through using a calculator to do subtraction because he honestly had no idea. Effin' idiot! Plus there is a lady there in a wheel chair who will most of the time stare at you and tell you to hold on, then go chat with her co-workers. I hate this place!
1	I am writing a review based on my (second) experince with my site-to-store purchase.Both times I went to the rear of the store where you pick up and hit the little "call" button. As I write now, 15mins have gone by with nobody at attendance. Or maybe I am just going delerious and it has really been 30 mins and I'm just good at entertaining myself on yelp.Bottom line is - they aren't quick at this desk so don't come expecting a quick jaunt.UPDATE - I went to the electronics department counter and they helped me out.
3	Eh, it's okay. I mean what do you want me to write, it's a Walmart people. It does the job if you are in the area, one question I have though; why the hell do the employees always leave stuff in the middle of aisles so that you cannot get through to shop? Seems counterproductive, especially when stuff is sitting there all the time.
1	This place always has very long lines, even at the self checkout stations. On top of that several of the checkout stations are always closed. I can understand being too cheap to keep the checkout lines adequately staffed, but closing self checkout lines while customers are spending several minutes in line just seems malicious.
3	what u expect from walmart
3	This Wal-Mart for the most part is like any other Wal-Mart. 24 hours of Mediocre service, wack produce selection, and a myriad of crap you don't need. This place is pretty poor about managing stock so don't be surprised if your favorite cereal isn't on the shelf today or tomorrow. So why do I continue to be a faithful patron here? Cheap convenience!
2	Had just arrived in Chandler & this was our 1st experience .Needing more customer service.waited 20 mins for a manager. No one ever showed! Very glad there are 4 to chose from so I will head to another! Lines are always too long!
1	Went in to get an 11x17 wedding enlargement for which they have to send out. Anyways never got a call - pictures never came in. I also went in with my order # & she had no clue!! Just another reason to stay away!!!
4	Usually whenever I'd be forced to visit a Walmart, I'd have to psych myself up just to get through the throngs of shoppers, vacant employees and dodge the hordes of screaming children with sticky fingers running around like maniacs. But this Walmart is different. Every time I go, YES, I have actually been going weekly now, I am surprised by the customer service (several cashiers are wonderful!), friendliness of the staff (thank you nice lady at the deli counter) and when I needed to buy an Otterbox from electronics, the guy assisting me was FANTASTIC, even put the case on for me.  I would usually insist on Target and pay more then deal with Walmart, but you have converted me, Arizona Ave Walmart - it's a miracle!
5	Anything and everything you would need for home and auto.
4	I've been her thousands of times.  This location is conveniently located just North of the Loop 101 on Arizona Ave.  They always have a good selection of food and products, service here is excellent and friendly, & prices are always low.  Only issue I found at this location is that they often do not have enough cashiers open, and lines have a tendency to back up.  Still an excellent Walmart to shop at. =)
1	VERY poor customer service...had a bad experience with an online order "Ship to Store" -- have ordered in the past to another Walmart without a problem.  Therefore, I really think it's just this store.  Aside from the fact that it is dirty looking, floors never look clean, the CS reps for the most part are poorly trained, unmotivated to be helpful.  They get one star because they do have a handful of employees that seem dedicated, helpful & friendly.  My online order experinece at this store was negative mainly because of a poorly trained, unfriendly, unhelpful employee by the name of Jessica...Shame on her supervisor for putting this type of service out there...Stay away from this store unless it's an emergency!!!!
3	Maps wrong. It's NE of AZ ave & 202
3	Very crowded with rude people and the store is mess. No real help from any of the staff.
1	eww
3	I usually get my oil change at wal mart because I am used to their services and I can count on them to give me the same service nationwide. However, I don't feel like this provided the same service as the other walmarts in Florida and Chicago. First, the other walmarts you drive up and someone serves you. This one I had to go in and waited a while for someone's attention. I had to wait 2 hours for my oil change but that wasn't the problem. Then, two hours later they called and said it was ready which was nice but I asked when tires should normally be rotated and I still don't know the answer, he said that the guys would have mentioned in the report if it needed to be rotated. So the previous walmarts added the tread depth usually on the report, however this Walmart didn't have it in the report. Did they check it? Did they not check it? How do I know... The guy says they did but who knows... So I didn't like the service which doesn't compete to their other Walmart tire and lube in Florida and Chicago.
5	I thought I had lost my new iPhone 5S so I called Customer Service at the WalMart on Arizona Ave in Chandler. All the info was taken by CSS Parris who assured me she would let me know if the phone was turned in. To my utter surprise, this woman called back after about 10 minutes to give me some information on how to make the phone more identifiable on the main screen if it was returned to me. Turns out she has the same phone and wanted to alert me to this feature that might help if there was a next time. THANK YOU, CSS Parris! How proactive and thoughtful! AND as it turned out I was a goober and the phone was in my apartment, not my purse. Thank you WalMart for letting your people know they CAN care and even make a difference!
4	Ok customer service awesome prices LOVE the price match feature Walmart has to offer.
2	This is for the Site to Store part of the store.I went to this Wal-Mart to pick up an order that I needed to pick up.  It was just before 8 am and I was at the back of the store, at the Site to Store area.  I hit the button to notify someone that I was waiting, which it says to do.Not sure how long I waited, but at least 15 minutes.  During that time, a number of Wal-Mart employees pass me to go to the bathroom or to the back of the store in the employee only area.  Most didn't 'say anything to me, and I did look like I was waiting, but no one helping me.A handful of people did ask me if I was being helped.  I said I was not.  And they would disappear somewhere.  I was still waiting and still no one helping me.  There weren't a lot of people in the store at this time and way more Wal-Mart personnel than actual customers.Finally, I got frustrated and left the area and got a person to help me, which she as the wrong person, but she finally went to go get someone to help me.  He was ticked that he was not notified, like I knew that he was servicing the area.  It wasn't my fault that their system wasn't working properly. He gave the excuse that it's because of the storm.  I made the comment, what storm?  Well, i can see from other reviews for the Site to Store, that I doubt their notification system wasn't working because of the storm, rather it's just a crappy system.He never smiled and I tried to be really nice and light hearted, but I failed.  Maybe he was having a bad day and the manager was there, but I'm not sure, because he wasn't wearing a badge.  However, he was one of the personnel that passed me and never did anything to help me get someone to help me get my order.Then, when I got the order, which were 3 small packets of page protectors in a huge box that could have contained 50 packets.  What a waste of postage and a box.  That's an area of waste.  Maybe they should take the waste there and apply it to a better notification system.Anyway, Wal Mart associates, pls be nice and smile at the customers.
1	This store needs a complete overhaul. I rarely go to this location, and every time I do I'm sorry that I went. The first thing they need to start with is the parking lot and the fact that they allow 10-20 vagrants roaming around the parking lot harassing everyone for money.
1	Wow how I hate Walmart. Horrible customer service, I get there BEFORE 10pm for a return and they tell me it is too close to 10pm so they refuse it and tell me to come back. Good luck finding anyone who works here that cares.
3	A regular Black Friday shopping trip.I just so happen to take a wrong turn in the store and ended up buying a new phone that was on sale. I'm very happy with my phone. As soon as I transferred phones the other died within an hour. Whew!My mother on the other hand got everything she came for on Black Friday except the electronic heated comforter she is still searching for to this day.
1	.
