1	This is a HORRIBLE company. My mother is disabled and they took advantage of her. Our water leveler was broken and flooding our backyard for 2 months and supposedly had no idea it was the pool. Even though their website states that they check all parts before leaving. Don't understand how they could miss it shooting 1/2 a gallon of water per minute. (we found that out from our water company) I contacted BBB and all they offered was a month refund of pool services. Didn't even offer to pay for the damages in our backyard. We had a new guy come and he could not believe the damages it caused and how they "didn't know". This company is terrible with no morals at all. DO NOT USE THEM
1	If I could give this company ZERO stars I would. As part of our lease agreement with a prominent rental company in the Phoenix area, our pool maintenance WAS contracted through Johnson Pools. All I can say is thankfully enough people have complained that they decided to switch vendors (yes I did a happy dance!). We went through three different pool guys in 6 weeks (they all kept quitting!) and due to "no shows" our pool eventually developed black algae then turned green. I could go on and on. I complained a few times but they just LIE! This company is beyond awful. I'd be surprised if they are still in business in another 6 months, because they obviously don't care.
1	Worst business and owner we've EVER experienced! We had a tech come look at our heater. He opened the cover, moved some valves and turned the heater on. The heater ended up working at the time so he left. Johnson Pools sent 2 bills to our house for $85 dollars. I called both times and they said if we didn't hear back from them it was taken care of. A few months later we received a bill that says if we don't pay we'll be taken to collections. My husband called to discuss the bill and the owner THREATENED to come to our house and ASSAULT my husband in front of me!!! He screamed and yelled on the phone after my husband said we didn't agree with the amount they were charging us. The tech and office staff lied saying they tried to contact us "multiple times" to discuss the bill. We never had any missed calls or voicemails from Johnson Pools. DON'T call or contact them!
