5	I frequent thrift stores and I'm really big on having my clothing finds dry-cleaned. I had to dry-clean 8 different blazers, all of which I bought for only $1.00 each. I didn't want to spend too much more on cleaning the items I bought, especially when I bought them so cheap! I called around to a lot of places before finding this one. They offered the cheapest dry-cleaning services out of all the places I called. A few places wanted $6.00 and up per blazer, but not Oasis. At only $2.50 per blazer, with amazing quality service, they definitely get 5 stars from me! And I will be returning.
5	UNBELIEVABLE!  I'm not talking about the prices!  Forget the fact that a suit is $5 and they do it onsite!  I am a magician and have some tough suits to clean with special pockets and all sorts of stuff.  The real problem is that my suits are made of shiny material with a really tight special weave.  Stains are hard to get off.  The first time I went in they didn't notice there were a few stains that stayed on (you have to look at them in the light at an angle anyway to see through the shine of the suit sometimes.)  They happily and gladly redid it twice, until the spots were all off!  When it came time to pay (The stains and suit are my fault not theirs) they asked for $5.  I thought they were joking!  All I can say is GO HERE.  I've paid $25 to $45 at expensive places and the service was not this good!  These people are amazing!
5	Had some shirts embroidered & silkscreened, took them less than 2 days for 8 shirts... not too bad! They came out really nice. I posted a pic under Tips & I'd recommend checking it out.
1	So aggravated!! Went to pick up our order today ( 1 dress, 1 men's 2pc suit and 1 men's dress shirt) and when the items were hung for us to pick up, the suit jacket was missing. When we pointed out the missing jacket the older male behind the counter asked me if I in fact turned the jacket in to be cleaned. Of course i did. First of all, I know what I brought. Secondly, the drop-off receipt clearly read 4 items to include a TWO PIECE SUIT. There were only 3 items in front of me. The female behind the counter stared at me for a minute as if she were trying to see if I was lying. Finally, the male and female began to look for it and what do u know... They found it. On the floor. Under the racks. It was kind of funny watching them climb through the rack, searching. The male picked it up and showed it to us, full of dust and ridiculously wrinkled. The male stated that because the suit jacket was too long (my boyfriend is 6'9") for the rack, when the jacket came around it brushed over the top of all the boxes that are under the racks causing it to fall. The male offered to brush the dust off and iron it. I just wanted to take it and leave but my boyfriend wanted it fixed right there.Once the jacket was finished, the male hung it so we could inspect it. He lifted the plastic and there was dog hair and lint all over it from the beating it took on the floor. My boyfriend asked them to remove the hair with a lint brush or something but the male insisted that the dog hair wasn't dog hair, that it was fibers from inside the jacket and they don't "do that". Meaning they don't remove the fibers but they weren't fibers!!! Anyone with eyes could see the difference between fabric fibers and dog hair. I was picking lint and DOG HAIR off the jacket and was showing it to the male. I was so upset!The male did offer to re-clean the jacket but at that point even my boyfriend was DONE! The male did take $1.75 off of the $11.75 total. The main reason for choosing Oasis was because it was so close to my home. Now, I don't care if I have to drive 10 miles to the next nearest cleaner, I will never return to Oasis Cleaners.
5	The couple that own this business are incredible. They greet me with smiles and always make conversation. And nearly everything they dry-clean will only cost you $2.50! I've been coming here for years for dry cleaning and it wasn't until recently that I tried out their tailoring. I lost weight and was forced to buy new pants, and because I'm so short, I almost always have to hem them. I took in five pairs of pants for hemming and altering. Let me just say, the wife is an awesome seamstress! The seams on the hemming are impeccable. They had everything finished within two days and even dry cleaned my pants at no extra charge. I would definitely recommend them!
