5	I am from New York, so of course I am extremely picky when it comes to food. Moving out here was somewhat of a culture shock, mainly because I couldn't find any soft serve ice cream! I've been on a search for months to find decent ice cream out here in the desert. On my way out to dinner in Scottsdale, my hubby (from Tennessee, didn't know what all the hype over soft serve was) saw the sign for shakes and cones soft serve. I already thought, it must be frozen yogurt but we gave it a try anyways. A man told us they weren't open yet but if we stop by later and they get a machine running, they'll let us sample it. I obviously returned, eager to taste this organic ice cream. I wasn't sure what to expect but WOW! It was delicious. Very close to a carvel taste. It is creamy and you can taste how fresh it really is! My man finally understands why I can't just settle with dairy queen!! Not only is their ice cream amazing.. But my hubby and I stuck around and conversed with the owners a little and they are awesome. :) I will definitely be taking the 30 min drive out to Scottsdale regularly to have my fix of soft serve ice cream as soon as they open! I'm super excited :D
5	My friend and I were at a sushi restaurant next door and we walked by Shakes & Cones afterwards.. We met the owners, who were awesome, and we tried some of their soft serve ice cream - it was bomb!!! They told us it's organic too which means it's healthy :) I will for sure be back soon!
5	Just visited Shakes & Cones today for the first time and had one of their specialty shakes - AMAZINGLY GOOD!I think these guys just opened up this weekend as their full menu wasn't quite available but now I have even more options to look forward to on my next visit. Do yourself a favor and check them out.
5	Seriously amazing. I have been watching this space for a while now, waiting patiently for them to open. It was worth the wait!! No joke. The coffee shake I had was so so creamy & good. I can't get enough!! My son had the swirl cone & said it was his favorite ice cream ever!! Can't wait to go back!!
5	The Oreo Shake is great. I've been thinking about it all week. I'll certainly be heading back for more!
5	Sweet sweet soft serve. Family night out in old town ended with this amazing new shop. Tons of choices, really fun staff and locally owned by siblings and their significant others who grew up in Glendale! It's always fun supporting local business, but this really is all my pleasure... so GOOD!!!
5	There is finally a soft serve place in the phoenix metro worth mentioning! Ice cream is so simple and delectable on top of being organic. The place is owned by a very nice young couple. Service is quick and friendly.
5	Extremely simple walk up ice cream, shake, and coffee place.  Their ice cream is amazing and the service is great.  We had a vanilla blend in with brownie and it's better than 90 percent of the ice cream places I've tried.  Price is very reasonable for scottsdale. .
5	So great! Love this new cute little walk up place. We had a swirl cone, dipped cone & a root beer float. All delicious! A fun new little treat in old town!
5	First off I'm a sucker for a business owned by locals, I love that they are using organic and non-GMO ingredients.  That being said the shakes are awesome.  Personally I like mixing peanut butter cup and Oreos but I can't wait to try a few of the items on the menu.
1	Buyers beware: They are NOT 100% organic. My husband and I were waiting to place our order when we saw the box of cones. They didn't look organic so I asked the woman behind the counter if they were organic and she admitted that they were not.She did say that *only* their soft serve was organic but NOT anything else, including the cones. I was a bit skeptical cause well they lied about being organic and are now changing their stories to say that they are *partial* organic. Not exactly the most honest company so I asked to see evidence that the soft serve was what they claim to be.She brought out the container and yeah it might be *organic* but it wasn't labeled "100% organic" which as we all know there is a huge difference between "certified organic" and "100% organic".  The first is just a marketing tool (similar to saying "all natural) while the latter is the real deal.But that didn't bother me the most. I was reading the ingredients and stopped at....carrageen. You can google carrageen and get the full health warnings against it but basically there have been several peer-reviewed animal studies suggesting tumor promotion or initiation by carrageenan. It was banned in most European countries.I tried to explain to them why it is wrong, unethical and probably a lawsuit waiting to happen (just wait till someone with allergies eat the ice cream) but they did not seem to care.Just another business trying to make a quick buck off the organic craze.
1	My comment is 100% accurate and anyone that chooses to can go on their website and see for themselves that a lot of the ingredients in the toppings and the cones are NOT organic. Toppings such as butterfingers, Nutella and m&m's. The soft serve itself does contain questioning ingredients such as  carrageenan which was confirmed to me by the manufacture of their soft serve mix. As I said this is a lawsuit waiting to happen the moment someone with allergies come to this shop under the false belief that the store is 100%organic and they are allergic to non-organic ingredients.Clearly, integrity and being ethical is NOT on the top of their list. My suggestion? Do the right thing: either remove organic from their name OR use ONLY 100% organic products (not to be confused with "certified organic") and get rid of the cones, butterfingers and everything else that is clearly not.Since I wrote this review I was harassed and belittled by the owner in Facebook, twitter and yelp in a pathetic attempt to mansplain and defend his dishonesty.
5	Saw this place walking to dinner and knew we had to stop back after dinner. We are so happy we did. This place an out doors and so cute, the staff is friendly, and best of all the ice cream is amazing! Every time I'm in old town I'll have to stop by!
5	Delicious organic yogurt with a great selection of yummy toppings. I recommend the Zoe's Cake Dish -- a perfect treat! Check out Shakes and Cones. You will definitely come back for more.
5	Been here before and loved the place. Anytime I'm on this part of town I always make sure to stop in. I don't know if I love it more than my wife loves this place but it's definitely a go to. Wish they opened earlier so we can indulge in the goodness they have to offer.
5	I went to Shakes and Cones in old town Scottsdale about a week ago and it was fantastic! I tried the Vanutzel with Nutella, soft serve, and chopped chocolate covered pretzels and it was extremely tasty. My family had tried a number of other items and they all were delicious, it is definitely a spot to stop for. With most everything being organic you can feel less guilty about getting a sweet concoction. Another factor that puts Shakes and Cones over the top is it is a local business with friendly staff and a happy atmosphere. If you are in Scottsdale or even the Phoenix area Shakes and Cones is a definite spot to visit!
5	I don't know about the organic stuff, but the incredible, custard like soft serve ice cream is terrific.  Really, really nice folks too.  I'll be back!!
5	Great concept, awesome shake/blizzard thing ever! I had a oreo vanilla mix. Very pleasant staff.
5	Great new little Ice Cream shop in the Scottsdale Old Town area!  We were walking around on vacation and Ashley had the hankering for a cone!  We decided to check this place out!  Glad we did!  The owners greeted us with a smile and told us they had been open about a month now!  I asked if they had Vegan Ice cream, and No dice on that so I got a 32 ounce ROOT BEER, It ruled!  They offered to top it off before I left as well! Very Nice of them!  Ashley enjoyed a organic vanilla ice cream cone, and she thought it was fantastic!  A perfect lazy Sunday afternoon treat while on Vacation!  Glad we stopped by Shakes and Cones! Should be renamed Shakes, Cones, and SMILES!
4	Cute walk up window. Great location. Delicious soft serve ice cream. I'll definitely be back, I have my next 2 orders already planned. I love local businesses and hope this one sticks around!
5	Shakes & Cones is the only soft serve I will ever go to again!!! With not only the friendly and inviting staff, the business is LOCALLY OWENED & OPERATED.  Shakes & Cones is making a name for itself in Scottsdale and will be the place to go for all of us around the valley. If you want a product that is tasteful and still healthier than most, Shakes & Cones is the place to try. Once you have tried Shakes & Cones I know you will be addicted and you will make the effort to visit over and over again. Thank you Shakes & Cones for bring a healthy alternative into a family love. Please visit Shakes & Cones soon!!!!!!
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this gem of a ice cream shop after dinner. What perfect after dinner desert options this place has to offer.We had the privilege of getting served by the owners. They were very personable and knowledgable. What a great concept, non-GMO, Organic deliciousness.  Come out and support this local, organic and conscious shop. You will surly enjoy every bite.
5	Yum! Delicious soft serve and such a cute shop. I am really a sucker for a well-designed look, and Shakes and Cones has a great atmosphere, from the sign and wall colors to the menu and casual, fun vibe. And locally-owned too!Plus I loved my shake and got to eat it sitting outside on a beautiful afternoon in Old Town. I appreciated the organic non-GMO ice cream and felt much better about giving my 1 year old bites. The shakes are thick and have your mix ins of choice mixed throughout, so every bite was yummy. Wish I was closer and could enjoy a shake more often!
5	Best soft serve ever!! Bonus: all organic, non-gmo ingredients, so i didn't feel too guilty indulging in the hot fudge sundae!! I highly recommend Shakes & Cones to satisfy your sweet tooth. You will not be disappointed!
5	When I dropped my wife off to get her hair done, I had a few hours to burn in old town Scottsdale and I stumbled upon this place. Pretty unique to have a walk-up window, so I liked that about it right off the bat. The guy who was running the register was super nice and friendly, so we talked for a quite while about life. The soft serve was very good and really smooth, so I was surprised to see that it was organic as well. I got a coffee/Heath bar shake, which was probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. I'll definitely be going here more often; I might even take my wife with me next time :)
4	We just finished up lunch and we were looking for some dessert.  Stumbled on this cute place that had soft serve! Score!Ice Cream:  The soft serve was pretty good.  Very rich and creamy.  There were little chunks of white stuff in our vanilla cone.  We thought it might be chunks of vanilla? No idea.  It will remain a mystery. Soft serve (small run you 3.95) can be ordered in a regular cone (no sugar cones available) or cup.  You could order a waffle cone but for some extra mula. Oh, did I mention this place serves organic soft serve?Service:  The lady who helped us was nice.  It was her first day working alone so she seemed very scattered.  Ambience:  You order your ice cream from the window. You can't enter their shop.  Instead, you enjoy your cone on a few chairs and tables right in front.
5	Went again. This time I ordered the nutty buddy.  Seriously delish.  The sweet salty combo is wonderful. Just the right amount of hot fudge and peanuts.  The whipped cream was the best ever...they make it onsite.  This really is the best ice cream.
