4	Bought a groupon here about 6 months ago and like most that I buy, I always wait until the last minute to redeem them.  My groupon expired the 24th (Thanksgiving) and I called for my appointment on 21st.  They were able to get me in the next day and didn't seem irritated that I waited until the last minute like some other places do.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that they are rather pricey.  I paid $50 for a groupon that included an eye exam, $150 toward a pair of glasses and 30% off a second pair.  I needed 2 pair and still paid over $550!  I arrived early for my appointment, the office and waiting area are beautifully decorated and all the staff were friendly and helpful.  I looked around at the frames on display, all designer frames and in the price range of $300-$500 just for the frames!  When I expressed a need for something less expensive they were more than accommodating and the optician brought me several frames in the $99-$125 range.  This was all before I even saw the Dr for my exam!  She was extremely helpful and it didn't take long to pick out 2 frames for the glasses I would be buying.  I was then called for my eye exam and I was very impressed with the thoroughness.  Dr Minor took all the time I needed to go over my options for lenses, I need a different prescription for distance, computer and reading.  He was helpful and understanding and we finally decided I'd get a pair of computer only glasses (I spend most of my day at the computer) and a second pair of bifocals for distance/reading.  Back out to the optician to go over options for lenses.  No hard sell on upgrades, she gave me my options and suggestions for each pair, ie: no glare, scratch resistant, transition lenses etc.  I felt very comfortable in the lenses and frames we picked out.  They said it would take about a week or more for the glasses to be ready, and considering the holiday weekend, I was surprised when they called yesterday telling me they were ready.  Stopped in this morning and picked up my glasses, had them fitted and they were perfect.  They each came in one of those hard eyeglass cases that were so cute!  She also gave me some eyeglass cleaner and a cleaning cloth and told me to come in anytime if I needed them adjusted.  They also offer sonic cleaning of glasses and I could stop in once a month or so at no charge for a cleaning.Overall I am very happy with the service and the glasses, just wish they weren't so expensive here.
4	Very nice establish. Very respectable service. The selection is A+. Prices are a little high.
5	We have been going to Elite Optical and Dr Miner for over 10 years.  The service and selection is excellent.  We have purchased more than 10 pairs of glasses and prescription lenses for my cycling glasses and contact lenses.   The staff is very attentive, you get personalized professional service.
