5	Great place! Fast and friendly service. Sheldon is awesome!
5	Was referred here by my insurance (AAA) and i appreciated. Tony took care of us in a week and that was it!Best service.
5	Easy, Easy Easy!
2	I cannot recommend this shop.  I was referred to Service King by my insurance carrier.  The repairs were very small (less than $400), but the shop refused to order the needed parts until AFTER I dropped my car off.  Since I have to pay for a rental car out of pocket, I really didn't want to leave my car there just to have it sit waiting for parts.  The only other option they gave me was I could buy the parts myself from the dealer, which seems silly when my insurance is covering the repairs.  I spoke to another shop (New Look Collision), and they ordered the parts for me with no hassles.  Turns out, the parts were a special order and took over a week to arrive.   Also, New Look told me there was no need for me to even leave my car there since they could install the part in about 15 minutes!  I cannot speak for the quality of Service King's work since I did not repair here.  But going to New Look instead of Service King saved me over $100 in rental car costs!  Employees were very nice and helpful,  but I'm all about saving money,  so I cannot recommend based on my experience.
5	I was referred to service king by an insurance company, hands down best collision center I have been to! I walked in the door was greeted and told they would be right with me, grabbed my daughter a lollipop and had a seat. The lady at the front asked my name and called my service advisor Nicholas right up. We walked outside and took a look at the damage as well as looking at another dent to give me a quote. He told me it would take about 3 days to get fixed. Later that day Nicholas called me and told me the quote and updated me on the progress of my car. As well as getting text updates. Dropped my car off on Monday and picked it up Wednesday! It looked amazing!!! They even washed my car :) Thank you service king we will be back
