5	What I can say! If u are in Las Vegas, and u like foot massage then this is best place you should go!
5	Great service I am very satisfied . The lady is so cute and friendly , highly recommend.
5	I typically get a reflexology massage about once a month!  I've been to this one before, but I wanted to try a few other ones just to compare.  In my opinion this one has been the best for me!  It is clean, staff is very courteous and they give a great massage.  One of my pet peeves is when you are trying to relax and the staff is talking, or just a lot of distractions going on!  Not the case here,  you are really able to zone out and relax which is nice.  I like this place and I will be back more often!
3	It's not bad. It's just if you plan on coming as a group expect to wait like 10-15 mins. I always go with my parents and we always wait a whole for them to call extra people to come in. It is relaxing I feel relaxed after a long week of working and it's not bad for the 60 min massage
5	Great prices, very skilled at pressure point release, relaxing environment. Highly recommend it!
5	Nice clean place. I did not have an appointment and went with my friend and we had the massage in the same room. I felt great afterwards. The people that work there are super nice.
5	We had a fantastic foot massage at this place tonight. We lived in Shanghai for over a decade and used to go to foot massage places about once a week there, this place is at least as good as the better ones in China. The foot massage is more than just a foot massage, they actually give you a head, arms, and back massage as well. I am feeling completely refreshed after an hour! Prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended.
5	Context: Went here with my dad and absolutely loved this place! We were visiting from out of stateMassage: my dad who has arthritis and issues with muscles and inflammation on the leg, came here to relieve some tension and he said he felt great afterwards (he had Joy for his massage). I had a guy who was really good and he did my neck, shoulders, back (full body) and they focus on the feet as well which felt really good! They soak it in tea before starting the massage Price: $25 for a reflexology massage for 60 minutes (excluding tip), and they offer a bunch of different packages for really good deals. They offer detox packages and hot stone massages as well. Environment: really relaxing with peaceful music, nice ambiance and nice decor. Cute Asian decor but nothing that's too simple or too fancy, exactly what I like. The place is very clean and you can tell by the service during your massage.Customer service: super friendly and nice, didn't have to wait at all (Saturday afternoon) and they don't seem like they're in a rush. They don't talk when they're doing a massage which is a plus!Definitely check this place out! Coming back again and I would recommend it to anyone !
