4	Brought some cds in to sell.  Got a little more than I expected, and they took a couple things I wasn't sure anyone but me liked (Vanessa Mae, some jazz; but I guess most of my friends are indie rock people).  Lots of stuff, great selection of vinyl.  I liked the tape collection, and might be back to get some tapes for my '99 subaru.  :)  Also sells DVDs/movies etc.
2	I was not very impressed at all when I recently went in to check out the used record selection. Many of the pop/rock titles seemed overpriced for their condition. This store does not seem very picky about what is selected to sell, like they'll just put anything into their bins and slap a price on it, no matter how shabby it appears (I felt like mold spores were being released into the air as I looked through the albums). Jazz section seemed a bit better in item quality, but was a pretty small selection. If you are ga-ga over used cassettes, they have plenty of 'em (kind of an insane amount). CD selection is average. Younger girl working behind the counter seemed apathetic to be there. All in all, I'd pass on this store. (They also display some more rare vinyl outside of the store, but the covers are all very faded due to sunlight exposure...a bizarre choice for displaying such items!)
1	Might be the worst vinyl focused store I've been into. I'd say 80% of the records, including the whatever Beatles records in the "collectibles" box are beat to heck (and five times the price they should be for the condition). They didn't put records in plastic sleeves. Beat 80s pop records that should be $1-2 in NM/NM shape are $6.50, but hey, there is a buy one get one half price, or something like that special. Really, the dregs of records. I flipped a little bit but there was absolutely nothing. Most of these records should be dumpstered. I'm super pro indie record stores, but sometimes when three other stores pass on stuff there is a reason it shouldn't be put out.
3	This is an unpretentious little music store where the focus is definitely CDs. They do have a lot of vinyl, but I would have have to agree with other Yelpers that most of the records are in pretty poor condition. They also have VHS movies, cassette tapes, and a limited, but random, selection of audiobooks and boxed sets. Not every record store has to be like Championship Vinyl in "High Fidelity", but I think we all have the expectation that record store employees should be music geeks. And yet, when I asked the woman working there, if she had the Faces' boxed set, "Five Guys Walk into a Bar", she looked puzzled and stammered out, "Who are the Faces?" On that point alone, I have to deduct a star.
