5	I heard of BK's Golf Service thur a resort I was staying at. It's also know as Las Vegas teetimes by BK's golf services. They helped me with my golf arrangement. Jeff answered all my question and gave me reviews of some of the courses I was considering to play at.   I asked about Badlands GC and he told me what kind of game I had to play an a brief layout of the greens. Jeff saved me big  bucks. And for that I say "Thank You Jeff and BK's."Also, if you use these guys. Give them a phone number they can reach you at. They are good at following up on your golf plans if you have changes.
5	My Bro turned me on to Brady at BK's when we went to some shows at Cirque Week. Not knowing the local golf terrain at all, we called Brady who was quick and efficient and set us up with our rounds at darn good rates. We had a great time and will do this again in the spring when we hope to come out again. Thanks Brady.
5	My friends and I have used BK's Golf services for the last few years and cannot explain how convenient and easy their service is to use. We were able to book golf times at courses that fit our specific needs at a very reasonable price.
5	As a hospitaliy representative in the role of a Concierge manager, I have had the pleasure of working with BK's Golf on numerous occasion throughout the past year.  The service they provide is exemplary of genuine hospitality combined with industry efficiencies that are beyond exceptional. Golfers and reservationists alike are always treated with the utmost in service. Brady knows his business but, more importantly, knows how to connect with people on such a sincere and engaging level that is evident in his operations. Excellence in service!
5	Wanted good golf courses for a short stay in Vegas. Brady set us up with very nice courses . He knows the courses so his advice on which courses to play is right on. If you want to play courses at a reasonable price and deal with someone who is friendly and knows the courses call BK's golf service.
