3	I had three keys cut here for a bit less than 7 bucks.  There were two men working on shoes.  I made eye contact with one, but either he was of dubious English ability or else was under strict orders not to handle customers directly because he didn't address me.  After a moment the other gentleman turned around to help me.It didn't take but a few minutes to match and copy my keys.  While he worked, another woman came into the store and waited unacknowledged while my keys were being made.  Perhaps she was very patient or maybe just familiar with the drill.  At any rate, even though there was a bit of awkward wait time to be helped, it wasn't anymore than the time it took to get help back at the Home Depot, so I won't dock for that.  I got my keys and I got 'em pretty quick and they work.  That's the quick and dirty of it.
5	So far I've had 2 repairs done here.  My favorite dress shoes finally bit the dust and I had the entire sole replaced on both shoes. The work was high quality, and my shoes are like new. Turnaround was quick, couple days.I later brought in an old pair of ice hockey skates for restitching.  They restitched the tongue on both skates - a difficult job btw - and I think she only charged me $10. Again, very quick turnaround.I really like this place. Has kind of an old-school feel. I'm planning to take my Birkenstock sandals in for resoling/recorking soon, since I've been very happy with their previous work. I don't know much about their key-cutting service, but they are good at shoe repair, and I would certainly recommend them for that.
4	When I needed heel tips replaced in my heels, I found out how very difficult it is to find a shoe repair place. A simple Google search won't get you to what you're looking for, so I asked for a recommendation. Fortunately my boyfriend and my colleagues all suggested the same place: Top Shoe Repair. Dropped my first pair of heels off here and they were returned in a day with new heel tips for just $10 and I've been a customer here ever since. The pricing (for females) is $10 per pair for heel tip replacement, or I believe $7 for an individual heel tip replacement.I know you can buy new heel tips online for much less than $10, but I've tried the DIY thing (total failure) and I am more than willing to pay for the convenience of having someone else pry out the old nails and hammer those new little suckers into my shoes. And, maybe it's just me, but I've noticed they seem to do minor touch ups of the heel stem (for lack of a better word... I'm thinking of the part above the tip and below your heel that gets nicked up if you sit in a office chair all day) at no extra charge. Awesome!Cash and credit accepted, but you must pay in advance. I've never had a misplaced shoe, so don't let that fact deter you from having Top Shoe repair your shoes.
5	I've had heels re-heeled and two backpacks repaired. Each time, the workmanship has been very good, and the prices are fair. I recently brought in an old leather backpack to have a patch sewn on the front pocket, and to have the decorative trim around the back restitched. We didn't agree on a price for both so I told them to just do the patch since the trim was decorative and around the back of the bag where it really isn't visible that the stitching had come undone. Well, the bag was ready as promised two days later and not only did the patch look outstanding, but she reinforced the decorative trim with some heavy duty glue. She didn't have to do that, but I appreciated the extra effort. I've also had keys made there and they work just fine. I'm a happy customer.
