5	If you haven't been then you've got to go! Just opening up right off Scottsdale and Lincoln. Serving up--Awesome Mexican Asian fusion! Lets paint the picture!Open kitchen so you can see and interact with the cooks. Wood fired grill, seasonal produce, fresh seafood.. You name it Sumo Maya has it! Great concept, great location and even better team! The bright airy interior   ginormous tree and large frosted glass windows welcome you into food lovers utopia! Let's talk food! Sumo Maya roll to die for with its spicy tuna, crispy rice, fresh micro greens and wasabi cream drizzle! What's an Asian restaurant now a days without edamame? I'm sure that's what your thinking.. Wrong this edamame is unlike any around! They cook it on the wood fired grill gives it the smokey flavor, then lightly toss it in a miso butter! Delicious! Bacon guacamole, salmon ceviche, New York strip, muscles in a coconut lime broth!! I could go on for days but you'll never know till you try it yourself!   Do us all a favor and go check out this hot spot! Yum! I'll be back soon! Cheers Foodies!
5	Amazing!! Will be back many more times. Tuna ceviche and Rollo ching on were to die for!
5	Went to pre-opening.  Sensational menu of Japanese and Mexican inspired dishes, many featuring elements of both.  Two chefs, one from each tradition.  Owned by Jerman Aseo (surely spelled wrong by me), of Central Bistro and Local Bistro.  The drink menu is terrific, too.  We enjoyed bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo, crispy pork belly sushi rolls, sake and sesame Japanese eggplant, chicken mole, sliced 35 day dry aged New York strip steak, sliced over fresh mushrooms and a coconut milk sauce with roasted leeks, tuna ceviche tossed in Aji Amarillo sauce and served in a coconut placed in an ice bowl, hamachi sashimi in a mysterious green sauce garnished with micro greens, and many more.  Tried a Magic Mojito, made with frozen horchata and loads of fresh mint, and a Passion Fruit cocktail with Mescal, passion fruit juice and ginger beer in a copper mug.Service is well trained and savvy.  Interiors are high end design, with innovations such as a green grassy perimeter fence on the patio hung with giant, framed mirrors, movable shade screens that enclose the patios while misters and massive air conditioning capacity cool both indoor and outdoor space, and a huge man made tree in the main dining area.  Exhibition kitchen.  Located in a new strip center at the northwest corner of Scottsdale Road and Lincoln Drive.  Entrees are smallish plates best shared with your table mates.  Prices ranged from $8 to $18.  Well worth a visit to experience the innovative menu and expensive buildout.  Acoustics are good, not too noisy even when full.
5	Had dinner here opening night, there was a lot of energy in the place - it was buzzing. Really well designed space with a giant tree in the middle and clean, modern design with tricked out lighting. We were greeted welcomingly at the host stand then promptly seated at the sushi bar. At first it was a little overwhelming - I mean sushi, multiple kinds of salsa, tacos, pho - a mixed bag of asian/mexican as promised so we decided to order a course off of each menu area.We started with the Suzuki Roll - beautiful and delicious with just the perfect amount of crunch and heat. Then we had the lump crab guacamole - with the guac itself being very tasty and well put together and the 'lump' crab being somewhat lacking for a $14 dish. Our conclusion was we'd order the guac again but skip on the crab.Moving on we had the Mexican Pho - a tasty take on the Vietnamese classic with queso and cilantro. Yum. Along with that the mussels, some of the largest i've seen, in a green coconut & lime - terrific heavy cream sauce that didn't seem too out of the ordinary in a Mexican fusion way.Then we ordered tacos - they were already out of Pastor so we opted for Chicken - these were tasty little morsels of goodness on some kind of fresh corn tortilla. We were already getting full so we opted to wait to do any of the larger entree style or wok prepared items. We finished off with an Hamachi roll with slices of fresh jalapeno on top. Yumm. Overall it was a great experience and it will only get better as the staff gets into the groove of things.BOTTOM LINE:  Get your Mexican Sushi on here! We'll definitely be back to explore the fun and diverse menu.
5	I have been waiting for this place to open because I love Asian and Mexican food.Two of my favorites! They have big TVs for sports but not too many in case your looking for a more intimate atmosphere. Great drink selection and killer atmosphere.
4	I am currently sitting at the bar of this lovely new restaurant and am happy to say that my butt is the first one to have officially sat here! Huzzah! This place has a few kinks to work out, as it is opening day, first seating, but it has some serious potential. The managers/ owners graciously allowed me to try a few of their cocktails on the house and all were tasty. The clear standout is the frozen coconut mojito! Extremely delicious. I also had the coconut drink, which was very pure in coconut flavor and the passionfruit drink (10$ normal price, 8$ hh) which was gingery and smokey and overall unlike anything i have had before. Plus this place has hard a on tap... Cool stuff. For food we trued the following:dates wrapped in bacon - very tasty... How could it not be? It's a date with cheese and chorizo inside and wrapped in bacon on top of a foie gras sauce.... Come on!chicken tacos- very flavorful but tiny... I would like more for sure!traditional guac- flavorful and plentiful, but served with weird tostada type chips... Good tasting and clearly house made, but awkward to eat.pollo chcharrones- so yummy with the  miso mustard... Nicely done!this place is a definite return to place, reasonable prices, good drinks, nice hh, and interesting food (not to mention cute decor). check it out yelpers!ps, first!!
5	WOW.  Peg and I were curious about this place when it first began to surface. The adage about eating with your eyes was noted over a hundred years ago but it has never been more apparent than when you walk into Sumo Maya. Walking into the Jeff Lowe inspired and created atmosphere was very impressive and inviting. We've been there twice since it opened, trying to sample a variety of the Mex-Asian fusion. The street tacos are very good (we had taco carnitas) they were fresh and delicious. The Mexican-style summer corn topped with popcorn was tasty and the crispy calamari was sampled both times...and will be again!  I must say that the bacon wrapped medjool dates were incredibly flavorful and instantly addictive..and they were also repeated and will likely become a steady accompaniment.. Sushi is presented beautifully and so fresh tasting. The New York strip was very flavorful and as tender as it was, the duck breast was just as comforting. The open concept kitchen is done a lot with new restaurants, and this was especially inviting and playful...the full kitchen to the sushi station. Chef Matt and crew were engaged with both cooking and guests. John was our server (we asked for him specifically the second time) and he is the perfect blend of attentive but not gratuitous. The heart and soul of the place is Chef Herb Wilson, and his pedigree is very impressive.  Tai Hunt (GM) and Alex Davis (Mgr) were obviously involved in customer satisfaction and provided insight into making customer-services a priority.  We are thrilled to see this place hit the ground running, and will add it to our short list of must returns. Congrats to German Osio and the team!
5	Tried it on a whim last night and was blown away by all the elements u hope for in a restaurant. Lively atmosphere, beautifully decorated, friendly, knowledgeable staff, great location, and last but not least SUPER delicious unique foods at an affordable rate. My new favorite Scottsdale spot. Try the curry muscles!
4	Very unique and intriguing!Definitely try if you are a foodie!Loved the dishes and would return but a little too noisy for my taste as a favorite restaurant.Favorite dish was the season mushrooms -- must try :)We also got:Chicken tacos -- very small, but fresh and delicious!!Pork belly roll -- crispy and interesting! A little too intense for my taste.Strawberry gazpacho -- delicious!!!Ps happy hour only works at the bar.
5	I have to say it stands to question an Asian/Mexican cuisine but it is a pleasant surprise! The salsa assortment was delicious and it is worth getting the tostada for chips as they do not come with the sampling. This is a tapas place, come to share and come to eat! Tried everything from the sushi to the Korean tacos to the bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates and all was wonderful. The only item that fell flat was the tacos el pastor, those get a solid 'meh'.
5	What a beautiful, unique, delicious new restaurant. Sampled a little bit of everything!!  Mushroom tacos, dried fruit guac, yellowtail ceviche, summer corn, and chicken mole...all of which were phenomenal. The plating is especially beautiful, with each dish looking like a work of art. Also pleasantly surprising were the prices, which at this level of quality, combined with the location, I would have expected to be far higher. Service was equally excellent, as is the ambience. I hope this place is very successful!!
4	So we went for my girlfriend's birthday.  I have to say I was definitely a fan of the open layout.  The kitchen was in full view and the space was definitely utilizing the great weather of Phoenix.  Don't fret if you get a spot outside as there are numerous misters ready to cool you down.  If you do sit by the misters, expect a cool, almost tropical breeze during your meal.  Honestly, the food was pretty good.  We had the chicken tacos which were small but tasty, had the suzuki roll which was the star of the dinner, and a spicy yellow tail roll that was eehhh ok.  The fish isn't amazing but the creative rolls and the atmosphere was fantastic.  Our service was spotty.  They made efforts but they were clearly too busy.  Likely, this issue will clear up as they outgrow their growing pains.  For dessert, we had the chocolate lava cake which was yummy.  The horchata ice cream was a bit icy for our taste but was made up by the juicy cake.  Would try again as the menu was so expansive we couldn't try everything we wanted.  Good business strategy, offering numerous amounts of dishes that you have to try :)
4	Where do I even begin! When I first heard of a Mexican Asian restaurant opening up, I had no idea what to expect but I figured that since I like both cuisines, I would probably enjoy it. I was right. They did a great job fusing the cuisines. In fact, what took the relationship so long to bloom!? Ambiance:Looks are deceiving and the exterior of this place looks nothing like the interior. From the outside, you'd think it just looks like any other generic restaurant, but don't be deceived. Step through the doors and you immediately enter this open, airy and trendy restaurant that even has a real tree hanging out in the middle of the restaurant...yes a tree! I especially found the pictures of random people on the chairs pretty entertaining. The restaurant itself has a combination of a wrap around bar and then dining area. Make a reservation to be on the safe side! This is great spot for a night out with friends, a double date or event a spot to get a couple cocktails and apps! Food & Drinks: Now, moving on to the most important part, food and drinks! First, the drinks. I enjoyed the Passion Fruit sangria and boy does that pack a punch! I expected it to be sweet, but instead it was pretty potent...in a good way! Next, the food. This restaurant is all about sharing the plates and it's nice because that means you can try much more! Everything on the menu looked delicious, so our group of four ordered it all! Guacamole - they serve up some of the most unique guacamole choices I've ever seen! We decided to order the Lump Crab Guacamole. I'm ruined because I don't think I will ever be able to enjoy "regular" guacamole again. It was the perfect amount of crab and the key lime added a tasty twist. The only downfall was that it only came with four tortilla chips and if you wanted to order more, it was $1 more per order of chips. The guacamole is already $14, so with the additional chips, it made for a pricey appetizer! Rock Shrimp Tempura - I'm such a fan of rock shrimp and especially when it has some Asian flavoring to it. This dish was anything but disappointing and I could have gobbled this dish up all by myself! The rock shrimp tempura comes with a variety of veggies including tomatoes and green beans. The summer mayo had the perfect flavorful kick to it. I want my own order next time!Rollo Chingon Sushi Roll (cooked) - This roll comes with grilled shrimp, guacamole, jalapeno and has a balsamic strawberry glaze. See where they do a good job fusing the two cuisines? I had no idea I was eating a Mexican food sushi roll because it tasted delicious! It came with eight bites and was great for sharing.Suzuki Roll - This roll was another great Mexican Asian combo with spicy tuna, avocado, and then a chipotle aioli! They have eight bites in a roll so this was another good one to share and very flavorful. Summer Corn - order this! I loved it and could have eaten it all on my own. The spiced popcorn on top of the corn created an interesting yet flavorful kick to it! Bacon Wrapped Dates - an order comes with six, so there's plenty to share however you will want more than one! These little guys are so good! The combination of salty bacon and sweet date compliments each other perfectly.Half Lobster _ Crab Dynamite - order this but be warned, you won't want to share! This was the best thing I ate on the menu! After my experience, I would say that my top three favorite things I ate were the rock shrimp, corn and lobster/crab. I would order the three items next time but I would probably order the lobster as my own entree next time. It's that good!
5	Hands down best food I've had in a long, long time. It's an Asain Mexican fusion inspired menu which features some amazing food. My best friend and I do dinner at least once a month and are always trying out new spots.  We have uniformly christened this as the official mac daddy. Here's why...Ambiance is fantastic. When all the sliding glass doors are open the whole restaurant is patio like. With the A/C  running full blast you never feel the wretched AZ heat, yet it's like your dining al fresco. They even have a very large tree (albeit fake) inside the restaurant. Aside from at least 15 4-top tables (which I'm sure can be slid together to accommodate large parties) I saw inside, there are also few half booth half tables. Not to mention they have a large patio with booths, tables and high tops.There's not only a sushi bar to sit at but also a "kitchen bar" which surrounds the open kitchen. Pretty cool. We sat a the bar ( which is rather large, and features 2 large projection television screens ) to take advantage of happy hour. Their bar stools cushioned seats with backs (plus!)On to the food/drinks...Their drink menu consists of 15 or so specialty cocktails. (All $2 off on happy hour) Some martinis, some frozen, some on the rocks. All have interesting ingredients that you wont find in many places. I tried the "Coconut" and the "Kumquat". Both were fantastic. They also have a lengthy sake menu. Aside from several specialty beers on draft they have "Patron" on draught. Ice cold tequila shots that aren't watered down? Yes please! They have a decent wine list as well. To eat we ordered several things to share. First round was the bacon wrapped dates and wild mushroom tacos. Both were stellar. The bacon wrapped around the dates was cooked to perfection. The chorizo and queso fresco filling was warm,creamy and paired perfectly with the sweetness of the dates. It was honestly one of the best dishes I've ever had. The tacos weren't close behind in flavor and will be ordered again. (FYI during happy hour you can 4 of ANY of their tacos and a 32oz beer for $14)Second round was the braised pork belly, coconut mussels and the mango habenero salmon ceviche. The pork belly was demolished almost instantaneously because well it's pork belly and who doesn't like pork belly!? The mussels were served in a delicious coconut, lime and ginger broth. They were the biggest mussels I have ever seen and tasted very fresh. Melted in my mouth. I just wish they were served with something to sop up the glorious nectar the mussels were served in! The salmon ceviche was decent, I wish there was more of a kick to it. Just needed something but that's probably just me. The salmon itself was very fresh though I must say. For dessert we opted for the trio of creme brule. Kumquat, chocolate raspberry and green tea were being served that night. The green tea was my favorite. Perfect way to end a delicious meal. Finally, our bartender Katelyn was great. She helped guide us through the menu and recommended several of the items we ordered and she was spot on! We will be back to see her!
4	The mango habanero sauce/salsa thing is #bombdotcom. A hint of sweetness at first with a huge lingering kick. A very balanced combination of both. Food was a good mix of interesting and different flavors. The size is smaller (almost like tapas) so it is easier to try numerous menu items. Pricing is moderate. A bit pricy for some items but def nothing outrageous.  The staff was friendly and attentive, though that may be because we arrived shortly after they opened for the day. Didn't have to contend with too many other customers at the time which was a huge bonus.Seeing as the restaurant is new, there were a few execution issues I noticed with our meal. The sea bass was overly seasoned and I kept looking for something to help cut the saltiness. The garnishes on the plate didn't help much in that respect. The overall flavor and concept of the dish was nice though. Def would try again.Their sushi was beautifully presented but wasn't rolled (or packed, since the pieces were square) very tightly. It often fell apart as we tried to pick them up. Aside for these couple of items, it was a nice experience.HH daily so I'll def be back.
5	Start to finish everything was done right. We were seated quickly. The dining room was busy but they were well staffed. Our server was enthusiastic and knowledgeable. We order 5 dishes and none were disappointing. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	I love the Whimsy Modern Airy Atmosphere. When you walk in and you get the feeling you are one of those beautiful people in a movie that's in a really cool place somewhere. Oh But Yes you are it's Scottsdale AZ !  Asian and Latin Faces are sprinkled on some of the seats and a big really Real Looking tree is planted in the dining room. The Beautiful Restaurant was also pristine clean like a hospital.Our waiter was very welcoming and explained the menu to us. The food is Asian Mexican Fusion and is TAPAS Style meaning you share small plates and do need to order 2 - 3 plates a person even at lunch time.We started with the Korean Beef Tacos and the Miso Eggplant. Both were delicious and oh so delicate I think someone must have very good eye sight and used tweezers to add all the tiny delicate flowers and micro veggies in the right places on both these dishes. The Eggplant is a must get dish, it's creamy eggplant flesh that's slightly sweet and laced with miso and sake and also  adorned with sesame seeds. I would say the same about the Tacos  that are just as delicate and are also highly detailed and ARE DELICIOUS. But I do think they should up the price a few dollars and give you more tacos because my photo doesn't show you how small they really are. They are smaller than street tacos and you only get two to share. They were delicious and delicate but they were only a very small taste as they are only two bites at the most.We also shared the Crispy Chicken Mole, another must get dish. Like everything else the presentation of the food was EXQUISITE! The dish was made with really moist delicious Chicken and Sweet Plantains and pickled red onions to cut the richness of the mole. It wasn't big on crisp but was really oh so delicious and I sure wouldn't mind getting it again.For lunch this was more of a splurge but this is the kind of place when you want something special and different. I thought dinner prices were reasonable as they didn't differ so much from lunch.I don't know if everything on the menu is as delicious as what I tried but sure will come back again to find out!The only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars are the tacos as interesting and delicious as they were. They were smaller than street tacos and you only got two for $7.00. For me I think either the tacos should become slightly bigger or they should up the price a few dollars and give you four tacos to share.I note everything else I tried seemed in line with what it should cost.Service was very welcoming and very efficient. I can't wait to try this place out for dinner!4.5 Stars
5	Drove by this place and saw Japanese/Mexican fusion and thought, not a good idea. Read some reviews on Yelp and thought,  what the heck,  try it. Walk in a the place is very cool inside lots of seating options.  At the sushi bar,  at the kitchen bar,  at the bar bar,  tables or patio.  Lively place too with music going a good "crowd" noise that isn't overbearing but you also don't feel like you're in a library either. We couldn't get a table without reservations but any of the bar seating was available. So we sat at the kitchen bar which was a bee hive of activity. Very cool. Our waiter David instantly took over and started making recommendations. Drink choices were awesome! David went through the menu as fusion food can be overwhelming  with choices. We made a couple selections but thankfully David helped out with some.  The best way to order was what he recommended, family style and lots of dishes everyone eats from. The range of flavors from sushi to carnitas tacos is out of this world. The food was so incredible, not a bad choice (and I'll tell you I'm a pretty picky eater). The wait staff checked on us and brought food as ready.  Everything about Sumo Maya is top notch. If you go ask to sit in David's section if he's working. If you're willing, let him make recommendations and adjustments. Best waiter I've even had. Besides, with his haircut he has to be cool.....
5	So, Mexican Asian fusion sounds like a stretch, but it's actually really good. I was in here for lunch service and was delighted by the food and service that we received. The server was knowledgeable and served us our food in a timely manner to where it was not overwhelming. His suggestions were thoughtful and he communicated well. So the food... Was great, the plates are beautiful and balanced. I started with the hamachi ceviche and the truffle oil shined through without ruining the taste of the fish. The sushi rolls were also great and all of it was just great. The dessert and coffee were amazing! We had the tres leches cake and I had a cup of coffee to go with it. The coffee was light and had a mild sweetness to it. The server told us that it was a coffee place based out of Tempe... Blah blah blah this place deserved the 5 stars that I gave it.
5	Oh my god! Absolutely delicious food across the menu. Our server couldn't of been anymore friendly and personable. The food was on point and just exploded in the mouth. Customer service was phenomenal when it came to a small dissatisfaction with a dish. We felt the delicious chips with the guac were a little on the chewy side. They took them back instantly, fixed the issue and comped the item on the bill. I stressed to the server that I was not complaining and didn't feel like it needed special attention but they still took it off the bill. Wow! All around A+. Hamachi Cerviches is to die for!By far the best restaurant stop while visiting Scottsdale in the last 4 days. We will be back.
4	First things first: Make a reservation. I decided to play it safe and reserve a table for 6:00 p.m. on Saturday evening. At first I thought I was probably over-cautious with a reservation so early, but the dining room was packed! I think the only available seating was around the bar, which was humming.As everyone else says, the space is open, colorful, breezy and beautiful. I loved every little detail--the vases, lights, knick-knacks, intricate metal candle holders, all with a heavy dose of bright magenta pink and orange. It was trendy and welcoming and just right. The open garage door walls made for perfect summer dinner ambiance.Our server was sweet and explained the menu thoroughly, and gave us some recommendations. Our haul:-Sake sangria for me: sake, cucumber vodka, ginger, other assortment of flavors to make for an absolutely refreshing cocktail-Traditional guacamole (I'm eyeballing the pomegranate/dried fruit gauc for next time) and house-fried chips. This was magnificent. The queso fresco and citrus notes of the chunky guac made it some of the best I've ever had in a restaurant. To be honest, I think it's a little silly that you only receive 5 chips in total (and they are amazing--crispy and perfectly seasoned) and another order of chips is $1. But I don't want that to take away from how delicious this dish was.-Mushroom tacos: Perfect little street tacos with AMAZING smoky-grilled mushrooms. These were perfection. I could eat about 10 of these, if left to my own devices. I put a little leftover guacamole on mine---tastebud party.-Shishito peppers: Shishitos have become a personal obsession of mine over the past year and if they are on the menu, you can bet I will order them. The ample portion came tossed in a delicious soy caramel glaze. Word to the wise, these are marked as Vegetarian on their menu, but are topped with bonito flake (dried fish flakes). Seeing as I'm becoming increasingly "meh" in my vegetarianism, I just ate the ones on the bottom. I wasn't passing up these beauts!Finally, I chose the sumo green roll to round out the meal. A perfect portion of a veggie roll, topped with a tasty tomatillo salsa. Boyfriend had the lamb chop, which I thought was a teensy bit tiny for $12, but he said it was absolutely delicious. We thought we couldn't handle any other food, but then our gal ran through the dessert list. HOLY. We ended up on their take of a tres leches cake, topped with toasted whipped cream, drenched in what seemed like melted ice cream (I'm sure there is a more fancy word for this) with a side of chocolate crispies (again, I'm sure something fancier than what I'm describing). It was honestly? Life changing. The other desserts sounded just as amazing. Mexican chocolate lava cake with a horchata drizzle? Trio of paletas?!All in all, what a perfect addition to the neighborhood. If I'm feeling like a special occasion dinner, I'm probably choosing Sumo Maya!
4	I really love the design and decor of this new restaurant.  Very open feeling and ultra hip place to eat, drink and have fun.I've had several of the small plates and really like their beer and wine selections.  Their cocktails are also very original and tasty.My favorite dishes are the shaking beef and the salmon and avocado roll.  The guacamole is great but the chips it comes with can be overly greasy at times.Parking can be a challenge so go with the free valet if you can't find a parking spot on your own.
4	Place was nice and well decorated. Got sat right away.  Service was excellent. Food took a while to get to the table over 45 min. With my mexican pho taking the longest at 55 min and when it came it was overly salty. Spicy crab roll was GREAT. Manager came over and addressed the wait and food. Def will be back.
5	Every time I come to Arizona, I always have at least one dinner with my dad.  Usually it's at a place around the corner from his house, sometimes it's at a sushi restaurant, sometimes the AYCE Brazilian BBQ.   This time he picked SumoMaya, and I am so glad he did.It seemed really out of place in a business park, but once inside I decided it was one of the best restaurant layouts I've ever seen.  There was a (fake) tree right behind our table, and the whole restaurant was open to the outside lights, yet enclosed so it wasn't too hot.  The kitchen was also open so you could see them making the food.Our server was super friendly and helped us pick out some dishes.  I have to say literally everything that was put on our table was amazing.  We've dined at SushiSamba before and you can tell the chef came from there, as some of the dishes seemed to come from there.  Our favorite was the tuna tacos, of which we ended up ordering another round at the end of the meal.I just can't say enough good things about this place.  Even the basic sushi rolls were amazing.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Tried this restaurant for the first time today! Went with a couple friends and I honestly had no idea it was a new spot till the waiter told me. Well let's start off with the fact that we got there at 4ish so dinner was not yet ready (starts at 5) and we had to sit either by the bar or high top tables. I was a bit bothered by that since it was 3 of us and we were starving. I did not want to share a tiny small table, but we did anyways! Since the whole dinner thing and not being able to sit at a regular table did bother us at first. We just decided to only have an appetizer/drink and head on to another place but those minutes flew by and the appetizers came out so quick, we were very surprised. I ordered chicken tacos and even though they are super tiny they were AMAZING! Also the calamari was so flavorful. I asked the waitress to surprise me with a drink and she brought out a coconut beverage that was so good and had just the right amount of alcohol in it. We ended up waiting till 5 to move to a bigger table for dinner. No joke we ordered about 10 different plates and they were all wonderful! The reason why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because they offer rice but NO BEANS!  I LOVE BEANS! How could they do this to me! Lol well either way I will probably come back anyways. I had a second drink which was a coconut/pineapple margarita. The waiter did not mention it was frozen which I did not like but either way it was STRONG! (Very well worth your money if I may say so). Overall, service was great and so was everything else. The place is definitely very hip and modern!
5	Great happy hour menu. Speciality cocktails were good and the bacon wrapped dates were delish! The service was amazing! Chelsea our waitress was very attentive and friendly, she gave us a lot of really good recommendations. Definitely will be back!
5	I love everything about this restaurant! The decor, the vibe, the colors, the concept, the chefs, & especially the food!! Everything is fresh, tasty, & uniquely presented. I have been here 3 times now & have loved it better than the last. The menu is so expansive that it can please the choosiest of eaters. The food comes out quickly & the drinks are so delicious!! This is my new favorite place in town!! It's now open for lunch which is even more exciting! Keep up the good work because you have a hit on your hands!!
4	This place would have gotten 5 stars if not for its manager.  Wow.  We were very surprised with his careless and rather rude demeanor.  He actually seemed to enjoy it as well which made it frankly, a little weird.  We'd asked 3 times for forks but were never brought any.  We'd been served our appetizers which 3 of us couldn't eat with the chopsticks on the table.  It's Mexican/Asian fusion so you'd think they might consider that not everyone eats with chopsticks and set the tables with forks - but there you are.  Regardless, after asking a 3rd time and still not receiving forks, one of us got up and happened to find the manager and ask for some.  Dang if that guy didn't cop an attitude right away, get defensive, then rude...and then almost sneer about it every time he later passed our table.  To say it was off-putting really would be an understatement.  This guy is dead weight.  They need to lose him.  How hard is it to say, "Hey, sorry that happened?  Let me get you some."  The food was delicious though - all of it!  Try the bacon wrapped dates, the calamari, the rock shrimp and the tacos!  The rolls were great too!
3	There were some major hits and misses with SumoMaya. If you're going to eat here, it's really important to know what to order so that you don't end up with any disappointments. My husband and I both studied the yelp reviews and our instagram feeds to help guide us, but we still ended up with some stinkers.What was excellent: 3 of our 4 cocktails! My husband's drink combined tamarind and rye, sort of like a manhattan. I got the green magic mojito, and the combo of coconut and mint was divine. I especially loved the whipped coconut cream on top. My second cocktail was their take on Pegu Club's amazing pisco punch. The SumoMaya version was crazy good too. For food, we loved the buttery, soft eggplant dish. Even if you think you hate eggplant, you may very well like this. Good portion for the price too. My husband said his yellowtail roll was far better than any he's had in AZ. The fish was fresh and not mushy like other places.What was pretty good: The guacamole with togarashi was a great, albeit very expensive, starter. I might start sprinkling togarashi on my guac at home now. My husband liked salmon ceviche a lot but was yearning for kumquats in every bite. With that little tweak, it would have been excellent. Cocktail number 4, the passionfruit drink with mezcal, was decent but didn't come close to the yumminess of the others.The misses: the summer corn. So bland. I don't know why I keep ordering this type of dish because I can make awesome Mexican corn at home. I guess I keep waiting to get surprised. The sumo green roll needed a lot of help from soy and wasabi. My husband thought it was awful. His hamachi ceviche was a let down too. Just one dimensional, not much too it.Would we come here again? Maybe with a good set of ear plugs. The restaurant was nightclub in Vegas loud at 8pm on a Thursday night. It's just too much techno to be enjoyable.
2	So I was raving about this place until I went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. It was 4:50 when we asked to be seated in the main dining area because they opened the door/window panels in the middle of AZ summer. 5pm came and I had to argue with the brunette, frumpy, lumpy and ill-mannered head hostess to seat us inside because we were sweating like hookers in church (by then). She had the audacity to ask us to make reservations next time. The dining room was 95% empty. The food...I went during the week and it was phenomenal. I ordered the guacamole crab app again but this time they topped with a tea spoon of crab versus the plentiful amount of yesteryear. Bottom line: don't go to this restaurant on a Friday or Saturday night because you'll get bad service from staff and inconsistent food quality from the middle chef.
1	Probably not fair to review since we left without eating.  It was so LOUD.  The music was shaking the glasses.  The server had to bend over the table and shout  "do you want STILL WATER OR BOTTLED WATER..". That did, it we were out the damn door.WHY do place feel they have to make you DEAF to eat there??????  Really?Maybe I will order take out if they agree to bring it out to the parking lot.   Oh, and that is already a nightmare, with another restaurant yet to open there soon..
3	We have been excitedly awaiting the opening of this restaurant for a few months now. We finally tried it for lunch today and unfortunately we were dissapointed. The food was just okay and the service was definitely lacking. We ordered the guacamole and it was extremely salty. In all fairness when we complained about it they took it back but unfortunately the one they brought out was also super salty. I suggest that they train their servers better so they can answer questions about items offered on their menu specially for people with food allergies. Maybe they were just having an off day. We may try them again in the future.
1	Overpriced for tapas style. Waiter could not really explain menu and menu was too complex for what you get. Waiter did inform us the menu has already been revised once since opening. Being open a month you would think they would have produce to make a salad. Three items we tried to order they could not make. You will be disappointed and still hungry if you only order one item on the menu. For two people expect to spend $90 plus. The concept sounds like a fun idea but so far Sumo Maya has poorly executed it. The music is obnoxiously loud and unnecessary. Oh and food comes from two kitchens so expect food to randomly appear at your table. The experience was like hanging at an old town bar except that is not the experience I want for dinner service. Parking is valet only and very limited so be ready to fork out a tip for the "complimentary" valet. Recommendation i s to not waste your time and money. Changes will need to occur before going back. For Asian just go to Tooties across the street.
4	This place has been a long time coming, and I'm glad to see it's finally open.  We had a quick dinner at the bar last night, and the food is so good that I want to write a quick review.  It's a cool restaurant physically, although the high ceilings kill a bit of the intimacy, and probably costs them a fortune in air conditioning.  We sat at the bar, which is large and comfortable, and ordered our dinner there.  There were a LOT of people working behind the bar.  I didn't count, but it looked like they were tripping over one another.  Our bartender was very nice, even replacing a drink I didn't like that I ordered from the cocktail menu.  But the service isn't completely dialed in at Sumo yet.  For instance, I ordered the FABULOUS mushroom tacos, but a server brought over chicken tacos.  I told him it was wrong, and instead of taking them back to the kitchen, he got in a bit of an argument with our bartender, and our bartender showed him our ticket twice because he seemed to want someone to blame.  It was an unnecessary conversation in front of a guest, and he should've simply apologized and brought the right dish.  This was all on the server, not our bartender.  Every food item we ordered was splendid.  I had the tacos, my wife ordered the Kimchi fried rice, and we had the traditional guac.  We ordered some garbanzo beans, too, but somehow they didn't get into the computer, but we didn't finish the guac, so it was no huge loss.  We are vegetarians, and we were very happy with the wide variety offered to veggie customers.  My only complaint is that you get a ton of guac and too little of the bread for dipping, which is another $1.  I can afford another dollar, but it seems cheap on the restaurant's part, but that's a small complaint for what was a great meal.For drinks I ordered the top two items on the cocktail menu: a five spice rum drink and a coconut drink.  I didn't find either remarkable, but I'm willing to keep going down the menu on future visits. The crowd is pretty typical Scottsdale, which is generally a turnoff for me and I tend to stay on my home turf in central Phoenix, but I'll venture down Lincoln Rd and sneak in again soon.
1	Unable to accommodate a party of 18. Said they ran out of food even though we had been working with them for several days to plan this. Told us the day before our event. Way to leave us high and dry.
2	Was so anxious to have a meal there, place looks ok lots of ppl in kitchen, bar looks great the super large tv's are impressive.  Ordered the tempura cod tacos...what a disappointment, they were just OK and way too small.Had a passion fruit drink...again just OK.This was Sunday and it was not packed but we still had to wave the server down for a 2nd bellini.I probably  won't go there again there are too many better places to go spend my money at.
5	Wonderful.  My wife and I are big time foodies, and I can honestly say everything we tried was delicious.  Guacamole w crab....yes please.  Suzuki roll w chipotle aoli, also delicious.  We ended w a paella dish that was off menu that our waiter recommended that included chicken, shrimp, and chorizo....phenomenal.  Will be heading back very soon!
4	Love the inside of this place. You're welcomed by a huge room that surrounds a massive tree in the center of the restaurant. If you choose to sit at the bar you can be seated where you can see the cooks which is an inviting appeal. Also they have a huge bar on the opposite side of the restaurant. I think the style of food is unique and delicious. Love the scene. It's a great place to get a group of friends to drink and eat.
5	Really enjoyed dinner at SumoMaya...very innovative design & quite -creative entrees.  Alittle expensive, but really worth the price.  Hope fellowyelpers will give it a try.
1	I'm very disappointed after dinning at this restaurant.  The decor and layout was nice, but the food failed to deliver on taste.Dish 1- guacamole with lump crab and key lime: not enough lime nor cilantro, crab pieces doesn't have the seafood taste to it (fail)Dish 2 - crispy calamari with sweet chile, chile, sesame and lime: the calamari pieces were drenched in the sweet chile sauce, which was extremely sweet, that I can't taste the chile nor the lime (fail)Dish 3 - Korean beef Taco with soy, sake, sesame, and kimchee: I was expecting sliced BBQ Kalbi beef. But instead, it was a kind of pulled pork style beef.  Doesn't taste that bad, but no Korean style by any standard (not bad)Dish 4 - Kimchi fried rice: there was no kimchee to be found in the whole dish. It tastes like Chinese fried rice with a lot of mushrooms. It lacked the red chile flavor that is in all kimchee fried rice. Super salty as well.(Epic fail)Dish 5 - Pad Thai Al Pastor: again, not authentic at all. Noodle wasn't cook all the way through. Very salty as well. ( so so)Dish 6 - Vietnamese style shaking beef: I have to honestly say that it was delicious; however, $24 for 8 little pieces of beef was a little pricey even for Scottsdale (yum)Desserts: mochi: store bought so nothing to say yay or nat about.  There were 4 dishes that I wanted to order and was told are out. I was here at 8 on a Saturday night. Hmmmm.... Overall, I give it 2 out of 5.
3	Style over substance.  Who puts goo over edamame and bakes it to boot?  Fusion?  I guess that's what you can call it but it was a pretty disgustng appetizer.  Go for the sushi.  Very nice.  Don't think you're getting anything by bellying up to the bar during happy hour.  No real discounts here and food choices limited and extremely small portions.  Think I'm kidding? Try the $2.50 per piece chicken tacos ......or dare to ask why the guacamole and chips to "go with" are ala carte from one another?  Really? Who doesn't give their clients an equal chips to dip ratio?  These are just chips for goodness sakes.   Commendable Wait Staff-Caitlin.  Everyone else is too busy checking their smart phones.  And yes, the smart phones are smarter than the users....bar waitress was insulting and hostess staff was pretty clueless. Be interestng to see if they are still here in a year. Good luck.
4	First time there and loved it.  First I need to say that I am all about ambiance and vibe when it comes to liking a restaurant.  I like action, openness, colors, TVs, class and service.  This place had all of the above.  I only tried a limited selection of food but I hope to go back and try a lot more.  The guacamole and shishinto peppers were good but the Bacon Wrapped Dates were excellent.  What I liked most is the Atmosphere.  This place was well put together.  It was trendy but not smug. The service was excellent.  Having spent some time in the "Industry" myself, it was a joy to watch management helping out the servers running cocktails and taking drink orders if needed.  Well done guys. I will be back and hope to have a similar experience.
3	The hamachi roll was good but the tacos were small for $7. They should have been a tiny appetizer. Wait staff were ok but they were busy and said there was an hour to two hour wait. We waited 45 min. Would have had a seat at the bar because this nice guy moved over for us but then post menopause lady and her eager friend took our spots. All of paradise valley was here though so if you wanna be out, good place with a good vibe.
5	This place has the atmosphere and great food!!   Love the guacamole.   The tacos are small, but the quality of the ingredients and the flavor are well worth it.
5	Great service great food atmosphere phenomenal. Combining the best from two continents what a novel idea
4	Sumo Mark's stomach had to check this place out. Mayan Mark was just simply hungry. Also was looking for a new place to take some friends. Let's GO!This is a interestingly and somewhat unusual restaurant. The outside is very plain looking while the inside is something completely different. Just look for the two large glass doors on the west side to enter the building. I had a tricky time trying to locate them. Note to self ...Once inside the adventure begins. The decor and the layout are very cool and inviting. Really love the open kitchen concept and the crazy sick bar with the giant TV's. There is a large fake tree in the middle of the room that reminded me of an Ewok village in that Star movie.Came here with some friends that like to try everything and share. The plates are a little bit on the small side and you can easily split several of them without trying very hard. The presentation of the dishes is stunning and create an instant photo opportunity.We started with the Lump Crab Guacamole and ordered some extra chips. It was delicious and went nicely with their homemade Habanero Mango Sauce. Next the ladies chose the Pad Thai Al Pastor dish and went mild on the spice and also ordered some Miso Eggplant. Couldn't stop there and got a Suzuki Roll and finished off the meal with the Crispy Chicken Mole.There wasn't anything that we did not like. Our favorites were the Pad Thai Al Pastor and the Crispy Chicken Mole. The Miso Eggplant was also very good and both my wife and her friend really did not enjoy eggplant until now.Service was very friendly and most helpful. We easily spent an hour or more just goofing off and eating the dishes. Read a few other reviews that said it was very noisy during the dinner hours. We came during lunch and it was not very busy and the noise level was pleasantly low.Get ready for a good time and check out your surroundings. You may even see some of your Yelp friends. Had a chance to see the lovely Ursula D and her eating companion as they left the building. I was not absolutely sure it was her until she checked in at the last moment. SIMPLY SUMOTASTICO!4.5 STARS
4	I am editing my initial review and adding a star.  The reason being I think I posted my first draft in a "Scottsdale Douchey" tone that is not my style. Also I think I neglected to point out the highlights.  But also have you ever seen a movie that you didn't think much of when you leftthe theatre but a week later realized it was better than you thought.  So here's the good:  Mojito thing was crazy good.  Mushroom tacos where amazing.  Service was excellent.  The mango habanero sauce they leave on tables I practically drank (should bottle that stuff up). The bad:  I was disappointed in the guacamole but now I realize it was just guacamole. I mean how good or different could it be.  Also the mole wasn't as saucy as I'd like and the plantains were indistinguishable from the chicken which was dry. The ugly:   The tres leche dessert was a disaster.  Not a good note to finish on. I've heard others claim it was great so maybe we had an off batch.  The decor is great though acoustics are bad but that wasn't a bad thing as it gave the space energy.  We also ordered sushi and I think it was pricey for what it was and while it wasn't bad, it also didn't blow mind. I think for sure we need to go back and explore other options on the menu.  Perhaps the most constructive critique I could give would be to simplify the menu and offer fewer choices, but put more heart and soul into every item
3	I really wanted to like this place because of all the raving reviews. I came here on a Thursday evening for happy hour. The bar area was pretty busy and we found seats at the hi-top table. We ordered the crab guacamole, sushi rolls, shishito peppers, and the bacon wrapped dates. The only dish I would come back for is the guac.... But for the price I'd rather go elsewhere. The sushi was okay buy nothing to come back for. Would I come back here you ask?? Sorry, sumo you wouldn't be my first choice.
3	I had high hopes for this place and it didn't live up to it. We tried 2 rolls, the crab one and a Suzuki.. The crab one was like a soft shell crab roll, delicious but not anything special. Suzuki roll was an overpriced spicy tuna roll with some mayo sauce. We also tried the Mexican style pho which was pretty horrible.. So salty and way too much lime. Didn't even taste like a tortilla soup.. Barley edible. The best thing we had and the only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the Mexican street corn side was amazing! Great atmosphere so I will maybe go back to drink and try happy hour. I think every restaurant deserves a second chance.
5	Loved this place! Went with a group of 19 and ordered many of the dishes off the menu. The Kimchi Fried Rice is a must, as well as the Wild Mushroom Tacos. On top of the delicious food, was the incredible ambience and beautiful decor, topped off nicely with a very friendly waitstaff. I will definitely be back!!
5	1st time there...had to meet friends from San Diego and Hawaii that were staying close....picked this place, a little nervous due to never being there....my friends and I LOVED IT!  From the minute I walked in, customer service was MOST EXCELLENT!  Thank you Chelsea S. for being SO WONDERFUL!  I was also visited by a Manager, Alex....Again, very nice and really wanted to make sure our needs were being met.  She was also WONDERFUL!  The place was packed but we got a great spot by the bar.  I love how the patio is slightly enclosed.  Once the sun went down, this was opened.  With the combination of that and the misters, it made for a trendy cool visiting area!  Now for the food....my friends could not get over how great it was, they are foodies from great ocean areas and really loved the combo and different approach with some of the items they ordered.  I got the kimchi fried rice and I am trying to figure out when I can get back to get some more.....YUMMY!  Drinks were great, I would recommend the grapefruit beer.  So refreshing.  Atmosphere - very up to the minute, warm and welcoming.  Love the colors and the zen style and feel.  My new hang out!  Thank GOD I live close!  THANK YOU FOR A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!
4	Great environment at the bar for happy hour. I had the Michelada with Pacifico and it was tasty. I tried the edamame and had the Large Shrimp for dinner. All very delicious and not too filling.
3	SumoMaya is very nicely decorated and trendy.  Acrylic chairs for the tables, sushi bar seating if you want, and then your standard bar seating.  The patio doors were opened for our dinner last week but surprisingly the restaurant wasn't hot at all (I can't image the AC bill).  The menu was very interesting and it was hard to make a choice.My opinion of what I ordered- the Pastor Street Tacos (2 for $6):  The quality was great but they seemed smaller than street tacos which made me question the price.  Seemed very over priced to me, but yummy none the less- the Green Tea Cocktail ($9): refreshing but wasn't really strong either- the Pork Belly Ramen ($16):  This was fantastic.  Large portion, tons of pork belly, and just very well made.  I would absolutely order this again if I happen to come here again.My friends ordered:- Shishito Peppers: pepper roulette she called them.  Some where hot and some weren't.  I don't typically order these but that is the norm for this type of dish, so I learned something new.  I tried one and it was very tasty.- Seasonal Mushrooms: Very yummy- Tuna Tacos:  FYI the taco is deep fried and not soft like typical street tacos.  Also very small like mine.- Bacon wrapped dates: there were about 6, maybe 8 dates in the dish.  My friend liked them.- Sangria:  Not very strong but yummy.I would go back to sumo maya for a special occasion, the ambiance warrants it, but I don't think I would go back for just regular dinners out.  Just too pricey for me.
4	Good quality food. Little pricey. Excellent mini tacos! Very fresh. No toilet paper in the bathrooms...Very loud inside. Decent vegetarian options.
3	I can only give this place 3 stars because of the staff.  They were all so super nice and very down to earth.  Sampled five drinks from friends being the DD and all,  didn't really like any of them except the frozen mojito and even that one was a little too sweet don't think I could drink a whole one.  They did say it was the most popular drink.The peppers off the HH menu were surprisingly good.  Chx tacos way too small. I mean tiniest portions there all together.  The $18 tuna ceviche came out and there was hardly anything to it plus it wasn't good at all.  I did eat it though because I didn't want to waste $18 ceviche but really wish I would have sent it back.  Great presentation on it.  The guacamole was good but nothing special. They do only give u 5 chips to eat it and when u ask for more they charge u.  All in all. I've heard rave reviews about this place and all of us agreed it's not worth it to go back.  Sorry sumo! :(
5	First of all, German Osio has outdone himself. We LOVE all of his restaurants and have always frequented them, but this is a cut above. First of all, the design by Jeff Low Design (who was there and we had the pleasure of meeting him) is exquisite and a definite stand out in Scottsdale. Big Daddy and I definitely felt as if we were in a New York or Tokyo restaurant. Sleek, focusing on eclectic faces on chairs with a lovely tree to lighten the space. We went for lunch today but will go in for dinner within a week.  We began with two lovely cocktails- Bill DeGroot did a great job with fresh flavors. I loved my Pineapple Pisco. Big Daddy had first the grapefruit concoction and loved it and second, a Green tree cocktail (sorry don't remember the names). They were light, lovely and fresh. Chef Herb Wilson brings a big city vibe to Scottsdale with this menu. Mexican Asian Fusion sounds challenging at first. We began with Head on Shrimp that were superb in a garlic and jalopeno sauce. I could not go in without ordering that again. Secondly, we had the Kimchi Fried Rice. We have eaten fried race all over the world and this was absolutely delicious. Crispy, slightly spicy, perfectly cooked with nuances. DIVINE. We had two orders- it was that good. We also tried the Mexican Pho  which is a red chile based soup. Delicious and complex, it filled us up. We will be in within the week to sample the dinner menu which looks divine. "Sparkles'", the nickname of our well informed server made the meal. She was able to describe the food in very accurate detail and was very concerned with our satisfaction.All in all, a superior lunch experience in Scottsdale. The friendliness of  the house and the divine food made this a thumbs up for us. Keep it up Chef Herb! Laurie and Rodney Malone
4	I like the concept behind SumoMaya, I only wish that they allowed the flavors from Mexico and Asia to play together more often. Where properly blended the result is worth the effort. It has a well executed design and it has quickly become a favored spot for the mid-Scottsdale 'it' crowd.
4	Tai reached out and invited me back. They gave me a wonderful experience. The food was very good full of flavor and the service was top notch.
4	The food was great! I attached photos from tonight's meal. The raw fish was clean and fresh as were the ingredients paired with it. I had the frozen mango marg, my wife enjoyed a nice glass of Rose. We had the maya roll, hamachi roll,  chicken tacos, crab with ramen, and the filet. Suma Maya has a Tapas style flare to it. The presentation, flavor, and delivery of the food were spectacular. The ambience was enjoyable. They have a giant faux tree in the middle of the restaurant. They did a great creating the Asian/Mexican fusion and knocked the quality of food out of the ballpark!! To top it off the valet was complimentary. We did not try any desserts. The restaurant is still new and they are working out the kinks on the service side. We will go again!
4	Cool new vibe for Scottsdale....open, spacious but make a reservation for weekend.
5	Third time here and it keeps getting better.  Very fresh fish.  Excellent flavor profiles with the Mexican fusion. Must get the Hamachi Tiradito with truffle oil.  Phenomenal.  When you get there ask to be seated in Jesse's section.  She will not disappoint.  Excellent server.  Enjoy.
2	My husband and I went there last night for a date. The music was very loud. I'm good with music, but I would like to be able to talk to my date across the table. The service was acceptable. I have nothing to complain about or praise. The food was not worth the price. We didn't even finish most of our plates. I love the tapas style and trying multiple dishes. The pork belly was the only good part of the meal. We also had the guacamole with pomegranates and street corn which were alright. The pad Thai, ahi tacos, and the roll we had (had mango salsa on it) were not very good.  I will not be hurrying back to SumoMaya.
5	SumoMaya is our new favorite place. We have been there twice now and have had the best service, and food we have had in a long time! The summer corn, edamame, Korean beef tacos and Pad Thai are to die for. Chef Herb Wilson personally came to our table to make sure our meal was perfect. When you go in make sure you ask for Austin, he was the best server. He is very attentive and makes amazing recommendations based on what you like. We can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu. A+++
5	Chef Herb is the hardest working man in PV!Thanks for a great experience and a spectacular meal!- your new regulars
5	This is truly a foodie fusion heaven.Everything from the decor to the personable and knowledgeable waitstaff to the meal was perfection.  Every person we interacted with shared insights on the food, was incredibly friendly, and made me feel right at home.  I wanted to ask our server (Stephanie, I think) to join us for dessert - I liked her that much!For lunch, my mom and I shared two orders of tacos (chicken and fish).  Both were completely different, but bursting with unique flavor.  We also loved the chili-garlic noodles.  Perfect amount of heat.  We had a delicious chocolate bread pudding for dessert, which was a solid way to round out this fabulous meal.Go here.  Soon.  You'll thank me.
4	The food is absolutely incredible, I have yet to try something on the menu I do not like. HOWEVER I must warn everyone to SAVE YOUR RECEIPT because my credit card was up charged after a recent visit. I called  SumoMaya and they took down my number and then had someone from the management company call me. I was unable to answer when she called (on Friday) so she said she would call me on Monday. I never received another call. I was only charged $5 more than I should've been so I wasn't going to waste time out of my day over 5 bucks. The only reason I called in the first place was because of principle. The server had added and additional $5 to her tip after I had already left her over 20%. I do not appreciate the dishonesty of the server but will be a returning customer due to the outstanding food.
4	The way that I found out about SumoMaya is because I live in the same Luxe condo complex as the chef, Herb Wilson. We met a couple of times around our grounds and have had conversations in which he had shared with me about his new restaurant in north Scottsdale and extended an invitation to visit. I took him up on it last Friday and I have to say that I am very impressed! The atmosphere, the music, the design and decor, the service and the food were all excellent! I am typically not into fusion type restaurants, however, in this case, because it's only working with and fusing 2 amazing types of cuisine flavors - it works! I highly  recommend that you visit, experience and enjoy the establishment of SumoMaya. You will absolutely be happy that you did and want to return again and again!  Enjoy and cheers!
5	Full flavor and Kambucha Ginger beer.  Son had the Garlic Crab Noodles and I had the Chicken Mole...flavor explosion.  Started with the Dried Fruit Guacamole...so good.
2	We came here for our anniversary dinner.  First and probably the last time.  It was really LOUD with club/techno music playing, very hard to hear what my hubby was saying.  Our waitress was just blah, didn't know the menu at all and seemed distracted.  The food was interesting/fine.  We spent too much money for the experience we had.  Too bad, wanted to love the place.
5	Best experience have had at a restaurant in a long time.  They really have hit a home run here and we got first class treatment here.  The food was amazing and the overall energy of this place makes you want to stay.  I'm a fan!! :)
5	Was recommended to this restaurant by a friend.  My sis and I went in for a much deserved long lunch together and had the best time.  Our server Kellan took excellent care of us and helped by bringing us some of his fav's... we started with the pumpkin seed topped guacamole that was served with small tostada-like chips with a great spice on them... then we had the bacon wrapped medjool dates - delicious, rich, but too much for a party of 2 I must say as they were pretty filling... and lastly he brought us the mushroom tacos that were amazing!  Super fresh soft homemade tortillas wrapped around mushroom-y deliciousness!  Wish I weren't so full as I would have ordered another round of those!  Oh, did I mention the Sumo-Rita?  That was over the top delicious and worth every penny!!  I thought the menu was reasonably priced for what you got.  I will most definitely be back!  Good job guys!!
4	I am going to start with a WOW!!! I was completely blown away with this Restaurant. I am not easy to please. That being said, let's get to the food. My family tried several dishes; the Shishito Peppers, Chile Crab Garlic Noodles, Crispy Calamari, Shishito Roll, Maya Roll, and the Chilean Sea Bass.  Everything was prepared and/or cooked perfectly. The two things that stood out was the Calamari and the Sea Bass. The game changer for the Calamari was the sauce and the salad it sat on top of. I could have that everyday. The Sea Bass was cooked to perfection. I've eaten fish at a lot of Restaurants and this is the best I have ever tasted. My only complaint is that I wish there was more of it. There was only two small skewers with two cubes of fish on each. They also use REAL crab in all their dishes, even the sushi rolls. Besides the food, the decor itself is very fun and bright and suites its theme. My family was there with my 4 month old around 5:30pm on a Saturday. Already at that time the places was hoppin'. I recommend making reservations.  The wait staff was very accommodating and super friendly. We and sat on the patio and we were glad because the inside was very loud and a little cramp. The patio is very nice and misters are very good. If you do bring a baby, they do have highchairs, but no place to change a diaper in the restroom.Other then that minuscule detail, I can't wait to try more items on the menu.
4	Visited this place a few weeks ago with a friend....it was the first time there for both of us. This place was all around fantastic.Our server, I believe his name was Josh, was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly from the first time he came up throughout the entire dinner.  Our waters were constantly filled....which is a huge deal to me.We had their bacon guacamole, a shishito roll, some tasty crab noodle dish, their tacos,salmon nigiri....all delicious and would have them again.  They had great flavors and some fun new things to try. The peach margarita was one of the best I've had.  It was actually frozen like a smoothie....it didn't melt in a minute.We sat at the sushi bar, which is nice if you're in a group of 2.  The manager came by and was super courteous and talked a few minutes with us.  We complemented our waiter...it was all around great service and a wonderful dining experience.  We both agreed that we'd be back :)
4	Visited sumo maya with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night. All the tables "inside" were all reserved for the night (I would recommend reservations), however the outside tables were extremely comfortable...even in the heat of the summer. The green mojito came as a recommendation from the waitress. I would have never normally picked this off the menu, but what a great suggestion! It was refreshing, a little on the sweeter side, but awesome mixture of coconut and mint. I would definitely get it again. As for the meal, we were told that everything was served tapa style, so we decided to share a few items. The guacamole w lump crab was great, and the chips had a great flavor. We also ordered the Hamachi ceviche and the Suzuki roll. Both were delicious, however when the bill came, I was left to reflect where the worth was. Although the food was good, for $80 I wish I would have tried something over-the-top, melt in your mouth good.  I will come back, but I think I would try something different like the Chilean sea bass.
5	Best ambiance ever and our server was BY FAR the best I've ever had. Jennifer Siegel. I will come back for the sushi and her.
5	JENNIFER is the best!!!  The food is good too.  Sushi is delicious. Must try.  The guacamole is delicious as well.
5	Had amazing dinner!!! Our server was fantastic, definitely ask to sit in Jennifer Sigel ' s section!
5	Do yourself a favor and eat here!  This place has got it going on!!!  We ordered lots of things to share and each dish was more delicious than the next!  My favorites were the summer corn, pad thai al pastor, strawberry gazpacho, and the tuna ceviche.  Also, the mochis were delicious, my favorite flavor was the passion fruit.  There are not enough superlatives in the English language to describe the taste and quality of the food.  The service was excellent.  Our waitress Danielle was so friendly, knowledgable of the menu, conscientious of dietary restrictions, and generally good at her job.  We spoke to the general manager, who took an active interest in our experience.  Definitely one of the best meals I've had in the Phoenix area.  We'll be back the next time we're in town.  Like another reviewer said:  foodie fusion heaven!
5	Great atmosphere, great food.  Jennifer S. our server was awesome. She really enhanced our evening.  Thx!
4	First visit on a Saturday night & this new spot has no problem packing a place! Beautiful decor. Started with a passion fruit cocktail which consisted of Mezcal tequila, passion fruit and ginger beer it was served in a stainless steel mug.  The presentation was not only beautiful but refreshing and delish. My patron margarita unfortunately was too sweet and my counterparts agreed. We ordered quite a bit of sushi & it was all lovely. The nigiri needs some work but the rolls were very good, small & petite, the perfect bite.The Korean steak tacos got an A+ from 2 of my dining companions.Another standout is the green mojito. Wow! Tastes like  a coconut boozy milkshake. I would order it for dessert! Our server was Chelsea and she was attentive, and was very good at her job. I look forward to going back again and trying more of the menu as well as happy hour.
5	Those of you who have found SumoMaya a delight for dinner will find their brunch very much in the spirit of their later offerings. Peg and I ate brunch today for the first time and loved it!  I understand that there are venues who serve breakfast nearby, but the experience and the food is not the same by any stretch. I had the crispy pork belly Benedict with guac, soft poached egg, and hollandaise (with a hint of Valentina...a Mexican hot sauce) that was superb. Peg had the Quesadilla with wood grilled chicken, roasted corn, smoked bacon, and queso  chihuahua (no, not the dog).  Josuelo was our server and could not have been more accommodating. My new BFF (although she may not be aware of it...yet) is Chef Amy who is an incredible baker...and the basket of assorted pastries was in-house made and wonderful. Tai, as always is the gracious host and who I am convinced  lives on the property. Not a detail was overlooked!  I would strongly recommend that for an exceptional early (starts at 9:00 am) wake-up-the-taste-buds experience, that you check this place out for the first meal of the day in addition to the last! Dr. B
5	My Fiancee and I were contacted by the GM Tai and were asked to come back in hopes of having a better experience. I was impressed by the genuine concern that Tai expressed the first time we spoke. After returning for a second try my fiancee and I both felt that it was one of the best dining experiences we have ever had. The food and service from start to finish was fantastic! A few highlights: Tuna and Yellow Tail Sashimi- Great cut, freshPomegranate Gauc -Awesome... again! Suzuki Roll- Delicious, sauce was amazing ** Wild Mushroom tacos- I must say this was my favorite part of the dinner! Shaking Beef-  This was my fiancee's favorite! The meat was super tender, flavorful and the perfect amount of spice! Summer Corn- Light and flavorful and the popcorn on top was a fun touch.We will definitely be returning and would highly recommend to anyone.
4	Interesting concept but it works! The edamame is a must get- the flavor is out of this world. The service was great also.
3	The food was very good, the service was fabulous, the decor delightful. But at $50 without tip for two for lunch (iced teas, no alcohol), I won't be back unless it's a special occasion.
5	Great food and awesome experience! Came here  while staying at the Hilton across the street. Caught happy hour on Friday night and had a great drink (the lemongrass) and guacamole. Stuck around for dinner and had the Pad Thai and enjoyed it a lot! Fun, lively environment - especially for a Monday night.Enjoyed our first nights experience that we came back with a large group the next day for dinner. The bartender recognized us and hooked us up with drinks. I ordered the ramen. Pork belly was perfect and serving was generous. I recommend to anyone staying at the Hilton in town for business. Way better than hotel food!
5	Super cute kitschy vintage retro vibe.  It's an Asian Mexican fusion and they pull it off flawlessly.  Service was great and we got each dish as it was ready - and I appreciate that.  Let me have my food when it's hot.  The guacamole with toasted pumpkin seeds was delicious as was the tuna roll and the cookie ice cream sandwich.  I need to come back here when I'm not driving...
5	Big Daddy and I came back for Happy Hour. Awesome as the first time.  Sat at the bar with Jeremy, who was slinging drinks, recommending food and chatting up customers better than Tom Cruise in Cocktail ( he is not old enough to know that movie.:). We had Chicharron de pollo with Miso Mustard.  The miso mustard balanced the crispy chicken.  Next was Rock Shrimp Tempura with a truffle aioli that we loved.  The secret sauce, In house made Mango Habanero sauce that Jeremy shared kicked it up a notch.  Finally we ended with the Chinese Style Crab Garlic Noodles.  Foodie food for sure.  Delicately composed, with a nice depth in flavor.  The garlic was surprisingly subtle, but there.  The spice was just right.  A dish we will order again! We will be back!  Atmosphere is crowded but bearable. We will be back!
4	Quick one. Great place, beautiful decor and vibe. There were two of us for late dinner. Jessie was really cute and a great server. Eli, one of the management crew, came over to chat and was very kind.  This place is Asian fusion tapas. Probably a little less Mexican than they say. Innovate menu with smallish portions, but priced like it. Strong flavors ; they're not afraid to go sour. I had a couple of very thoughtfully put together cocktails. There's a big drink menu and they have the mixology figured out.
4	SumoMaya has a fun menu. We ordered several things from the happy hour menu. I loved the unique flavors and combinations. They also have an amazing mango habanero sauce that you can use on any food item you choose. The salsa platter wasn't that interesting but the guacamole with crab meat was awesome. I would recommend coming and sampling off of the happy hour menu.
5	Flavor explosion. I was like a kid in a candy store, I couldn't decide what to order. It was all delicious. Korean tacos, bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates, street corn, pad thai al pastor and Mexican pho, all amazing! The only thing I would not recommend is the Sangria-passion fruit, but bottomless Mimosas were good!
5	Chelsea in the bar area gave great recommendation.  Had the Green tea which was refreshing. Kellan as a waiter rocked it. The dried fruit guacamole was so good and loved the little tortillas. Great combination. Never would think of asian and mexican but they rock it.
3	Half hits, half misses. (And we tried a LOT of stuff.)Hits: -Soft shell crab roll. Beautiful presentation, wonderful flavor. The aioli was really nice, and the crab was fried to perfection. -Bacon wrapped medjool dates. YES. MORE OF THESE. ALWAYS.-Wild mushroom tacos. So good you won't miss meat. I echo the concerns of others that they are too small for the price...but I'm willing to pay whatever you demand for more.-Miso eggplant. Delicate and creamy. Will make a believer even out of the most ardent eggplant hater. Perfect.-Green magic mojito. This blended drink danced on my taste buds, but if you don't like your drinks herbaceous, go for something else.Neither here nor there: -Guacamole with dried fruit. Decent guac but too much lime, needed more salt and a bit of heat, tomato, or onion flavor. At 11 bucks, it should really come with a couple extra chips instead of making you shell out for more.-Rollo Chingon. Too much guac on top, but the adobo shrimp sushi was tasty and the roll was stunning to look at. Just take some of that extra avocado topping and smear it on your lotus root chip. -Coconut cocktail. Serviceable, but needed something to put it over the top. Couldn't really taste the lemongrass or lime. -Valet. You gotta. Ain't no way around it.Misses: -Crispy pork belly roll. So aggressively salty. Could taste hardly anything it was so salty. Should have listened to some of the other reviewers on here and avoided it. -Korean beef taco. Salt lick central. So salty you couldn't taste anything else. Really a bummer. Also not traditional Korean beef like you'd get a Korean BBQ, but shredded.-Head on giant shrimp. Shrimp is singular in this case. And dramatically overcooked. Inconsistent seasoning, with one bite rubbery shrimp and the next almost pure salt rub. The pureed garlic and halved cherry tomatoes were pretty insipid too. Don't waste your 14 bucks on one nasty shrimp.  -Nightclub atmosphere. So necessarily loud.
5	Great ambiance ... Great food.. Great staff.... The cocktails are one of the best I've had.  Sushi rolls are DELICIOUS! I also had the guacamole and the touch of the apricot and pomegranate (surprisingly) made me want to only have guacamole prepared that way from now on! Def coming back!
5	I don't typically write reviews, but stopped in here for lunch today with my boyfriend and had to share our great experience.  The place has an awesome, hip vibe including a blast of air conditioning which is a necessity in this heat.  The waitress let us know that the dishes are served tapas style so we ordered the Shishito Roll, Chicken Tacos, Korean Beef Tacos, and the Kimchi Rice.  Everything was prepared to perfection.  We especially enjoyed the quality of the meats and fish served as well as the orange Citrus Habanero Sauce on the table (we mixed it with our soy sauce for our sushi roll and used it to top off our tacos!)  We can't wait to be back to check out the happy hour and dinner scene, and to add a couple of cocktails to the order.  One of my new favorite spots for sure!
3	I think this place is awesome (among my 3 favorite food spots in the valley).  However, they do have some kinks to work out when it comes to their management and service.  Don't make changes to your menu options too early on, when things seems to be working.  I was very disappointed this evening when I went and asked for the 5 for $5 salsa option, and was told it had been discontinued.  That was an element that distinguished your brand and makes a huge difference on the dining experience - as each sauce could bring an item to life in a different way.  I then asked the server if they had any salsa or hot sauce...she offered me Siracha.  This was fine - but to market yourself as an upscale mexican - asian fusion restaurant, and not offer any fresh made salsas is very odd.  At least offer something original in the salsa department, if you don't want to make all 5 of those sauces.  Don't take shortcuts with the clientele you are marketing to, I can assure you it will not end well here.
3	I had been waiting for this restaurant to open because I believe that Asian and Latin food fusion makes a great combination.  We went there first for happy hour; since I couldn't stay long, I ordered the mushroom tacos.  The mushrooms were delicious but nothing on the menu said it would be spicy - but it was VERY spicy.  Finally figured out that the onions are pickled with serrano chilis and that's probably what I bit into that made the taco so SPICY.Next time, I asked that they "hold" anything spicy but the kitchen can't seem to know what is spicy and and what is not.  According the bartender: "Well, what's spicy to you, may not be spicy to them" and that's when I decided that as good as a couple of the dishes I've had, it wasn't going to be the next great find in my list.The kitchen can manage to make the Pad Thai al Pastor mild enough for me to enjoy and in another visit I also enjoyed the Chicharron de Pollo that I ordered and shared with my friend.  She ordered the Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates.  The Guacamoles were not dissappointing but again, very spicy.  We tried the Lump Crab and Bacon.There was one dish (I believe it was the meatballs with soup) that apparently taken out of the menu because in the 5 times I went there, they were never serving it.I will likely go again as it seems to be popular with my friends but unfortunately, not the place I expected.
3	Not quite sure about the menu.  The pork belly noodles were so bland.  But the spicy tuna tacos were very good.  Other items were equally hit and miss.  Skip the desserts.  The decor was eclectic and fun.  Early on the vibe was great for families and couples alike.  We were 2 couples and liked the date nite appeal.
3	Let's start with the pros. The tacos al pastor were well executed although the tortilla was crumbly. I assume that they were fresh made and if the dough gets a little dry, that's the outcome. I would also get rid of the avocado.The bacon guacamole was also good.I asked for a sample of the strawberry gazpacho and it was tasteful but I guess a whole bowl would be really overwhelming. A shot is the perfect size for this dish, IMHO.The bacon wrapped dates... mixed feelings.And the porkbelly ramen noodles was highly disappointing. The location is awesome, the build out is beautiful and it has a great patio. I was tempted to give them a 4th star just for that, but I guess I would be bias and would mislead whoever reads this.However I say, give it a try. I will go back to try the sushi.Cheers.
3	I came here for the sushi with my co-worker and had a decent experience.  We sat down at the sushi bar and like the friendliness of the sushi makers and the general atmosphere.  They play cool background music and the place is nicely decorated with a modern feel.We started off with some standard rolls which were good.  The salmon avocado roll was the best of the four that we ordered.  The texture was nice with the smoothness of the avocado and the salmon went down smoothly as well.  The spicy tuna yellowtail was not as good, but was a little more one-note with a little too much heat that overwhelmed the roll.  The speciaty sumo were not nearly as good, being a little flat.  The shishito roll looked really elegant with the salmon topped with slices of kiwi, but it ended up being rather flat.  I couldn't taste the kiwi at all and the peppers kind of overwhelmed the roll.  The hemachi roll was one-note as well.  There was just too much acidity.The price was reasonable at ~ $60 for two people after tip and we both were full.
5	Great happy hour!
1	I always like to start with the good so I will say that this place offers great people watching and the gawking factor definitely gets high marks. If you are looking to drink cocktails and view the work of Scottsdale's finest plastic surgeons, this is the place for you. If you are expecting a nice restaurant, not so much. We arrived at the restaurant and it appeared that there was only valet parking available. At first we were ignored, but were finally informed that valet parking was closed. However, it was open to the BMW behind us. Thankfully we were not driving an old car or they might have called the police to remove our apparent poorness from the parking lot. We stepped inside the restaurant where the DJ stands next to the host. Apparently this is a warning that loud techno music will inhibit patrons' ability to have a conversation. I told the host that we had a reservation for 7:30 pm and he said that it was for 6 pm and they couldn't hold the table that long. There was some back and forth here as I explained that someone from our party received a confirmation call from the restaurant earlier that day for the reservation we had for 7:30. In the end, the host was only a little condescending and that could be my fault because I didn't get the memo about this being a "dress-up" kind of restaurant and arrived wearing business casual. After about a 30 minute wait, we were seated at a table so small that four of us were seated on the corners and we were so close to the bar behind us that every time a server walked by we all got bumped. Our server arrived to take our drink order and we, all 10 of us, were trying to get a look at the cocktail menu. We asked for an additional cocktail menu but were told there were no more. Our entrees arrived one at a time and every food and drink item was delivered by a server standing at the head of the table and yelling "Who ordered the___!!" That was fantastic as we must have ordered 40 things between drinks, appetizers, and entrees. Considering the price of the food, I think I can reasonably expect the wait staff to remember to which position the food should be delivered. As for the food itself, some things were good, like the tacos and the rock shrimp. Some things were really bad, like the ramen and the chicken mole. The portions were small, but this was expected. There are some really fantastic restaurants in Scottsdale where you can get awesome food and excellent service. Also, you can generally get a viewing of the same beautiful people just about anywhere in Scottsdale. Go to the places where you can get the 3-in-1.
5	Drove past this place a few times and finally decided to check it out.   Great outdoor patio that is enclosed during the day and misters kept it cool. Then they opened them at sunset which was cool.   Started with the guacamole plus pomegranate which was recommended by our waitress Jennifer.  We actually went with her other suggestions as well on the menu.  The Korean beef tacos were yummy.  The aroz con pato was muy excelente! The extra special for me was an awesome grapefruit beer.   Yep,  read that again.  Grapefruit.   Very very good brew. This would be a good date place and if I was single I have a feeling this would be a good happy hour spot as well.
1	My mom and I just ate lunch there and I would never go back. We both live in the area and were excited to try it. The service was terrible. It took us forever to get our food and when it did come my pad thai was ok not great and my moms veggie torta was also mediocre. The main reason I will never go back is when we ordered desert our server verbally told us the menu and we ordered the cheesecake. When it came it was covered in peanuts after I specifically told the server I was allergic when I ordered the pad thai peanut free. I'm leaving on a flight and didn't have time for them to make me something else. So overall mediocre food and terrible service.
4	Very creative menu, makes me want to come back and try more. Good guacamole, loved the sesame tacos and the street corn is a must.
4	It's very good, and hip!  The atmosphere is really cool, with a tree in the middle of the restaurant. The food is very tasty.  We enjoyed the sushi, the noodle dishes, and the street tacos. It is tapas style, so the bill can add up, but it was worth it.
3	Friends and I went to the restaurant on a Saturday evening.  The food is outstanding; however, the noise level was deafening because of the volume of the music.  We finally got to the point that we stopped talking to one another because we tired of saying "What?"  When the server came over,  I asked for the check, forgoing dessert because we couldn't stand it any more, and she couldn't hear me!  I know that on a Saturday night a restaurant can be noisy due to the conversation levels, but lowering the music was something that was controllable.  This restaurant obviously caters to the 30ish 's or so singles crowd who started coming in to the bar after 9pm, but other patrons deserve an enjoyable dining experience.  When the crowd who wants to go to the newest "in" place moves on, how does Sumo Mayo expect to woo back diners who have had such a horrible experience.  The entire situation was nothing short of abusive (and expensive).  Never again.
4	We frequently drive by this new trendy restaurant on Scottsdale Rd. We decided to give it a try at lunch. The food was delicious and I would highly recommend the shrimp avocado salad. The ambiance and decor is similar to other restaurants you'll find in Scottsdale. The only reason they don't get 6 stars is due to the service... Our waitress was great, just the time it takes to get your food is longer than you'd like for lunch. We'll definitely be back!
3	Love this restaurant for dinner and have had great service the times I've been here.....but i think I'll pass on their brunch from now on. At least until they get their service faster, since their brunch is still newer. Our server Jorge is incredibly slow. We order drinks, ask for water, or really anything....and it takes much longer than it should.....especially since we're the only ones dining here now. The bartender was slow too....i watched her through the mirror by our table take her time in making our drinks. I'll stick to coming here for dinner when their service is much more on key :)
2	5 of my friends and I decided to have brunch here Sunday, after reading a New Times review that was pretty positive. Apparently the New Times didn't go for brunch. We arrived early-9am, as we were cycling over and wanted to avoid the heat. We sat outside on the patio, which was nice, aside from the vinyl cushions. Why anyone would use vinyl cushions outside in Arizona is beyond me.Our server, Jorge, seemed nice, although his accent was a bit of a challenge. That mostly just resulted in my asking him to repeat himself, and feeling like an ass. When he took our order, it was very disorganized. There were only 6 of us, and he asked me three times what I wanted to drink. It took 15 minutes to get our drinks - 3 Bloody Mary's and 3 mimosas. It seemed a little excessive. After bringing us our drinks and waiting another 15 minutes, he finally took our food order. I was only asked for my entree twice, which was a slight improvement over my drink order, but 3 of us were asked multiple times, which seemed odd. Our drinks were empty by that point and we requested refills. We did, after all, order unlimited drinks. That took about 10 minutes. We couldn't figure out why, we were the only people there, aside from other employees.We ordered bacon guacamole and crab guacamole to start with, and we received 6 chips for 6 people. Now they were big, but really?! The guacamole was tasty but the consistency was AWFUL. It was not creamy at all, it felt like a bunch of diced avocado and spices. I wish I'd taken a photo. Our entrees arrived about 15 minutes after the guacamole, which was fine, but my food wasn't hot, or even warm. Lukewarm, maybe. It was still decent, but if it had been hot I think it would have been wonderful. The eggs were poached perfectly, which was impressive, given how often they are overdone. After our food was delivered, we waited maybe 20 minutes for another drink refill. We also had been without water most if the time, I think I asked three times. Why he didn't leave a pitcher, I don't understand. After our plates had been cleared, the check was promptly delivered. We requested separate checks, and he said the best he could do was split it evenly between the 6 of us. At this point we were so annoyed we said fine. We planned on staying and relaxing a bit with a few drinks, but when we asked for more, he said "oh, I don't think I can do that since I closed the check". Somehow he made it work, but wow what a thing for a server to say. We never had asked for the check!The most disappointing part of the meal was the outright passive aggressiveness Jorge displayed after one of our group wrote up a quick Yelp review at the table. She asked for something, and he said, very bitterly, "Of course, Kristina". She was the only person who paid with cash, so we immediately knew how he knew her name (again, only people in the restaurant). We were all pretty appalled at that. The manager stopped by to let us know he saw the review, and he was quite nice, but it didn't really make up for the terrible service. As much as this place has great potential (the food could have been amazing, if only it was hot), the service ruined my experience and I probably won't return.
2	Nice Gimmick, but really over complicating food, mixing too many different styles....small servings, more like tapas style.  You are better off going to the best Mexican restaurant in town or the best sushi bar in town and forget trying to combine and blend the two!  Trendy, maybe too trendy for this area....  I wonder if this place will be open in a year or two?
3	Great food but it's more of a night club / restaurant.
3	My girlfriend and I visited this place the other night for drinks and appetizers.  I think I am undecided on this place overall.   The food and drinks are pretty good but I think everything is overpriced for what you get.  For a couple rounds of drinks an appetizer and a sushi roll I think we paid $70.   Its not outrageous there but I just found myself wanting to be wowed more based on other reviews.   I will say the bacon wrapped dates were pretty excellent and the pork belly roll was pretty good as well.   Service was okay overall, not anything special.   I think i will have to give this place one more visit until I can give this place a final verdict.
5	One of my families favorite restaurants, love the trendyness of the decor and setup. To start off the guacamole is very fresh and has a good taste, second the ceaser salad has to be one of the top best i'v had, always chilled and i love the spicy taste it has. oh and don't forget the egg it comes with it! a lot of people say it's not kid friendly but i bring in my kids and we have no problem, the people at the bar dont judge. overall great place for everyone.
5	Visited sumo maya again with some out-of-state guests, they loved the atmosphere and the Chilean sea bass was the melt-in-your-mouth delish that I was hoping for. Great follow up to my last visit.
5	This place is hot! Hot in so many ways! The menu, the vibe, the people! A group of 10 of us came here as a dinner club event that we had last week. It may go down as one of my new favorite places in the valley. The atmosphere is hip, trendy, and cool. Music pumps through a pretty awesome sound system and the food and drink menu are not the norm. Cool orangey- Mayan- hot pink decor adorn the place. And the slider doors everywhere give the place an 'outside being in feel'. A tree in the center give that feel too!  I love a place like that! This is not your parents Mexican, err, Asian eatery! In fact, my parents would either hate it or love it! But I was beyond impressed. We all started at the very crowded Sumo Maya on a night that had a ton of Ferrari's in the parking lot. The valet guy said there was an event that night and the place was full! As was the valet; as was the parking lot!  My boyfriend loved the place for the 'eye candy' Ferrari's alone in the lot! Once I was able to pry his eyes back to me and into the restaurant,we bellied up to the bar to wait for the rest of our group and reservation time.  The drinks are like the menu: different. The drink menu is vast and there are lots of cool mixology drinks to choose from , or the usual beers, sakes and wines. I started with a "Coconut", made up of pearl coconut vodka, ginger-lemongrass, a little lime and coconut water. I admit, I don't like 'sweet' concoctions, so I was a little worried I was ordering out of my comfort zone. I was pleasantly surprised when the Coconut arrived in a cute, little champagne glass. I believe the coconut water and lime cut what would be sweet. I had two of these and don't let the small glass fool you: perfect and 'hidden' strong! We were seated promptly at our reservation time. Despite how busy they were! There was not an open table or bar stool in the place. I am very glad we had a reservation! My boyfriend and I ordered the fresh made guacamole with lump crab as an appetizer. I love a great guacamole. This was off the charts, amaze-balls. Tons of fresh lump crab pieces adorned the top of this delectable bowl of perfect guac. It is served with flat tortillas that are 'street taco' size. We also ordered the Rollo Chingon sushi roll; I guess we could not decide on one thing we wanted to start with on this menu! Who doesn't love great sushi with a spin? The Rollo Chingon is a roll of grilled shrimp, fresh guacamole, a spice of jalepeno, housed on a sweet strawberry glaze and 'fried' red lotus root atop. Again, this 'starter' was an ample serving for two. I could have made dinner out of this one roll. But, I am a foodie and I like to sample many things! For dinner I ordered the Chinese Chile Crab Garlic Noodles. This dish was ramen noodles with shiitake mushrooms and just enough green onions and a hint of miso to offset the flavors.To me, it had a 'pad thai' texture to it, which I loved.  Beware, this dish had a kick to it! The lump crab on top once again, happily surprised me. The concept of SumoMaya is 'small plates' , but honestly, I had enough of this dish for lunch the next day. Yes. It could have been that we could not decide and ordered a few things! My boyfriends entree was the Pork Belly Ramen. Rice sauteed with shiitake mushrooms, pea leaves, adorned with tender pork belly and adorned with a perfect poached egg and scallions. He had paired that with a Skinny Margarita, again strong!.. from the bar. Since we share most of our meals, I liked this dish, as well, BUT, I loved mine more! The dessert menu sounded awesome, but we passed on that. Too many meals out lately and too many dishes here at Sumo made us feel like fat kids, already! I will admit I see where Sumo can work on a few things. For example, our dishes came out 'sporadically'. One couple in our group was getting their apps while some were on to their entrees. The water glasses ran empty a few times. This food has spice! Those glasses need to stay full! The parking lot was entirely full. The valet, too. First world problems of having to walk a block from parking up the way to Sumo. AND the restroom is tiny. That said. I loved this place and am already planning a Sunday Funday here with the advertised bottomless Bloody Mary's, Mimosas and Micheladas for $15 coupled with brunch and live music! Football is here and this would be a great place to have brunch and drinks on a Sunday. Welcome to the valley, Sumo! Despite the few little quirks, I can't wait to go back!
1	Another typical, overpriced and overrated upscale Scottsdale restaurant. One of their unmemorable soups was extremely salty. I asked the waiter if he's tried it and he said 'No.' I think the chef spilled the salt shaker in the process of concocting a nonedible dish. The waiter just said "Well, would you like to counter the taste with some sweet dessert?" Are you f***ing kidding me? Not worth the time or money. Do yourself a favor and eat at Chipotle and Panda Expess for a fusion experience.
5	The coolest spot in Scottsdale.  Food...service...atmosphere....pretty women...EVERYTHING was double great.After too many cocktails...and too many very tasty entrees...our group left singing the praises of this new spot.Fortunately, my wife and I were guests...and I would guess the host spent some money.  Whatever it cost was well worth it.  Can;t wait to go back.
4	When I heard there was an Asian/Mexican fusion restaurant I just had to try it. I went there last night with my husband and cousim to check it out. I made reservations on Opentable.com for 630p. A nice girl called me earlier in the day to confirm my reservation which I thought was very nice - for a Monday night reservation...I would highly reccomend making a reservation because it is a new restaurant in Scottsdale (also near Paradise Valley) which tends to draw a lot of dinner guests. It was packed last night and we left at 830pm. The restauant sits on Scottsdale Rd but you enter from the other side where there seems to be a moderate amount of parking. For some reason. Of course there are 'those' lamborginis and/or ferarris that just cant park in the normal parking spots but dont be fooled by those - its just scottsdale/paradise valley. The amibiance is great with bright colors a nice center bar and table seating both in and outdoors. We sat inside near the 2 huge TV's hanging over the bar. At first I thought the TVs were going to be distracting but actually they blended in even though you couldnt miss them. We had a great waiter but didnt catch his name. He reccomended the guacamole with crab which was amazing. We also ordered the Tuna Tacos, rock shrimp, pork belly roll and chilean sea bass skewers. They were ALL awesome :) They offer very interesting items with a lot of great flavor combinations. I do think it is a little expensive. The skewers were $12 and you git six small pieces of fish - but on the bright side it was so tasty you forget about the price. For dessert we ordered the Tres Leche Cake and OMG - to die for!!! There is a marshmallow crust on top that is lightly browned and a chocolate rice crispy treat to balance out the flavors. It really was one of the best desserts I have ever had. I will definately return in the future. I did notice some snobby patrons but arent they everywhere? I have nothing bad to say about SumoMaya - great new restaurant and I am excited to plan another trip back.
1	This place looks like it would be fun for happy hour. We went for lunch. I felt it was high-priced for the portions. We had an order of guacamole, which only came with a few chips. When you share that with 3 people, the chips were gone within minutes. Asked for more and we got 3 more, but were also charged for the extra chips. I ordered the Kimchee Fried Rice with a regular iced tea, it was ok. The rice tasted horribly burnt, which ruined the meal. All I could taste was a burnt taste.  Again, for lunch and separate bills I will never understand why my bill for my portion was $25. It was only for my lunch. My friend had the tacos, the size of the tacos were laughable. Within 3 hours of having ate there, we were hungry. Not a filling place. But it looks like it would be fun for drinks. Needs work on the food.
4	Hands down fantastic. Great happy hour and great food. We had the peppers, Korean tacos, and spicy tuna.
2	Just got back from an early Friday night drinks and dinner at SumoMaya.  Arrived at 7ish and left at 9:30.  There were four of us.  The good:  The food was great!  Drinks were creative and tasty.  Korean tacos amazing and sushi rolls fabulous.   Service was outstanding.  Decor was cool.  Tree in the middle of the restaurant was inventive and fun!  Had a reservation so no waiting.  Music was hip and loud and made for a dynamic atmosphere.  The bad:  It is a Scottsdale cliche with a high "ick" factor.  Husband saw a steroid dude and duck lipped woman leave the men's bathroom stall together at 8:15pm, we had wine spilled on us while we were seated at our table because of an almost bar fight between drunk 50 year olds, and had a front row seat for what looked like a dating scene nightmare.  Kid you not, Godzilla was playing on the big screen over the bar as if to drive home the point.  Felt like I was in a cartoon version of Jersey Shore meets Real Housewives of OC.   If this sounds like your thing, this is your place!
5	We went in for happy hour. Erica was our server and she was great. She answered all of our questions, and showed us (and explained) the dinner menu, so we understood the Asian/mex fusion, and so would come back for more. Food was great- we ordered gauc, chicken, fish, and mushroom tacos, edamame, calamari, tuna roll--and everything tasted fresh and was presented well. We will definitely be back for dinner. The decor and atmosphere reminds me of a a lot of the restaurants I went to in England and Europe when I lived there, so it was a refreshing surprise when we walked in to see something designed so well.I look forward to tasting their dinners!
3	(Lyrics - Alphaville - Forever Young)Lets dine in style, lets drink for a whileBo Bites can taste we'll only review what we tryHoping for the best and expecting the best!Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?Let us dine now or let us drink foreverWe don't have the power but we never say neverSitting in a dining room, start with cevicheThe Shrimp heads for the entree(Skip)SumoMaya, Let's all go to SumoMaya!I really want to try SumoMaya, SumoMaya3.5 Stars in my book!SumoMaya is definitely one of the hottest restaurants in town.  The place was popping on a Wednesday night and my friends and I had reservations at 8:15pm, but didn't sit until about 8:45pm.  So we ordered drinks at the bar needless to say.When we finally sat we went for it!  Lump Crab guacamole, Hamachi Roll, Hamachi Ceviche, Bacon Wrap Dates, Pork Belly Ramen, and Head-On Giant Shrimp.  The Lump Crab had a mesh of cilantro, lime, and it came with some tostada shells, which my gal pals thought was too hard.  I liked it overall as a starter; soft mushy guacamole and crab meat with an extra crunch of the tostada!  The Hamachi Roll & Ceviche was probably one of my least favorite -- The roll was atop with a pickled jalapeno pepper that just shocked my palates and the Ceviche came with a yuzu green apple aioli that didn't seem to go well in my opinion.  Leave the green apple out haha!  As for the Bacon Wrap Dates, I didn't care for these either since the charred bacon necessary to make a wrap was burnt and dry. The Pork Belly Ramen was good and how any ramen entree should taste like; nice warm broth and the noodles was cooked just right.  The star of the night for me was the Giant Shrimp!  Cooked to perfection as it carefully slide off the shell with the garlic-creamy sauce and a spicy hint in the end!  Along with the cherry tomatoes to finish off this dish giving it a final sweetness!  Best grilled shrimp I've tasted in a while!Service was good overall and attentive as it was pretty busy that night.  The ambiance is hot as I stated earlier.  There was a large tree in the middle giving the restaurant an outdoorsy flare.  Designed by restaurateur German Osio and Chef Herb Wilson whom was inspired by a food truck in LA serving up Mexican-Asian food; thus spawning SumoMaya - Enjoy!
5	WOW!!!! This place is amazing! Last night was my first time and I was very impressed. The decor is beautiful, sets a great atmosphere. The food was very good. We started with the mexican street corn, the flavors were great. I highly recommend the mussels and the mexican pho!!!! I will definitely be dining at sumo maya again!
2	Very disappointed in the food. The food was honestly disgusting. We ordered guacamole & it was hardly mashed with chunks of hard avocado & very bland. The chicken street taco had this sesame Asian sauce on it which did not mix with the Mexican style taco & was nasty. The snow crab rolls were okay besides for the unbelievably spicy wasabi ginger sauce that came with it & did not taste good. The edamame was probably the grossest thing we ordered with this horrible sauce on it. Just awful. &the shaking beef was pretty bland as well with similar weird sauce the edamame had. Don't come here if you are wanting good food...
3	The service was great but the sushi was at best AVERAGE! The crab was nasty! The ahi tuna tostadas were very yummy though! Their wine list is very limited when it comes to Merlots by the glass (they only have 1) They have good bottle selections! The restraunt is very modern and posh. There are definitely better sushi restraunts in Scottsdale then here.
2	Nothing stood out to me. Passion fruit cocktail was mediocre. Passion fruit sangria was disgusting. Tacos were average. Appetizers strange.
5	This was my third time here. I usually come for happy hour and came one time for a full dinner. The food is excellent and they do a creative job of trying to fuse Mexican and Asian food. Good drinks good appetizers and a good crowd. Will be going back.
5	There are some pros and some cons, although the cons really aren't that bad at all. My dish was excellent, I had the pork belly ramen and would definitely recommend it. Friend #1 had the Chinese Chicken Salad and said it was pretty bland (but he did say he'd come back and try something else). Friend #2 had the spicy crab roll and the salmon avocado roll, he said the were excellent. Odd thing, they'll only give you one free refill on your beverage, incredibly strange. I don't remember the last time I went somewhere and they charged you for refills.....especially because this is a moderately priced establishment, I don't think they'll be losing any money if they offered free refills....come on, this is 2014 after all. One last thing, our waiter. He was kind, prompt, and very helpful.....he just had an issue finding the door to the patio....let's just say the window won that battle! I will say, they were quick to clear his face print off of it though!
1	Went here for happy hour one night. Good luck trying to get a seat at the bar which you have to be at in order to get the happy hour prices. The tacos were good and reasonably priced but the drinks were way over priced even on happy hour. It's an older crowd with mostly Cougars on the prowl. Shame because I really wanted to love this place but we won't be back.
4	Food is OUTSTANDING....Decor is upscale and trendy...Service was slow , not attentive- however they were friendly...there was NO manager to be seen on the floor. The music is so LOUD you can barely hear the person sitting next to you.If you're a foodie...or just cruising(nice bar area)...definitely Go eat at SumoMaya....if you're on a date you can't possible chat with your date. Is this a place for a romantic dinner??...NO
5	Unique!  A Mexican Asian fusion with a big variety of dishes that have influences from both palates.  They also have a number of distinctive cocktails.
5	I love this restaurant. The decor, the ambience and the asian-mex fusion food is incredible! I want to try everything on the Menu. Also, they have Patron on tap! I want to be a regular here.
4	I went here with about 8 girlfriends for a bachelorette party kick-off. We made reservations for 9:30pm but were not sat until about 10-:15pm. That was a little tedious but the wonderful service and food made up for the late start. The football game I didn't want to miss was luckily displayed on one of their giant flatscreen HD TV's. I would definitely want to head back there to watch other sporting events in the future. The music was rather loud but as expected for a Saturday night at a happening spot. I don't know if their music is always that loud. Once we were sat, our server was very attentive and fun. I wish I remembered his name! My roommate and I ordered the Sake Sangria and Passionfruit Sangria to sip on. Both sangrias were incredible!! We couldn't decide which one we liked more.To start our meal, we shared the Crispy Pork Belly Roll. My roommate and I are huge fans of pork belly and this roll did not disappoint. Not only do we love pork belly, we love brussel sprouts, and this roll perfectly combined both things. I could have eaten a whole plate of those rolls! Like I said, we love pork belly, so for our main dish we ordered the Pork Belly Ramen. It was equally as awesome as the roll. I would recommend it!Unfortunately my roommate is very allergic to avocados...I know it breaks my heart too...so we were unable to order a lot of things off their menu since we were splitting. However, you better believe that means I'm going back and ordering everything with avocado at some point. However, I notified our server of her allergy and they made sure not to make her food where avocado had touched. So we had a successful evening without having to take out her epi-pen. They were very accommodating!Can't wait to go back and try more food! I love their concept.
5	This is probably the best fusion restaurant I've been to. Even though it says fusion, you can get some really authentic Mexican and Japenese dishes. There are some awesome fusion dishes as well (sushi roll w/ guacamole). The service is amazing as well as the atmosphere. I've never been a fan of eggplant, but the Japanese eggplant is phenomenal. After moving to AZ 4 months ago, I've to this restaurant the most and have enjoyed it every single time. If you go, you have to try the BACON WRAPPED MEDJOOL DATES aka orgasm on a plate. The dates are stuffed with chorizo and queso chihuahua, and served over a bed of foie gras sauce. It's probably the only restaurant I've been eating and wondered if a DJ was playing the music in the background...and I was correct. Probably the only time I've enjoyed a sushi roll while bouncing to BBD "Poison".
4	Happy hour is awesome price wise and really yummy!! We came on Sunday and had those delicious mushrooms tacos. They made the best ahi tuna hand roll. So tasty:) We will definitely be back!
5	Well, not many people give 5 stars but I am!  What a unique spin this place has.  I am a sushi lover and this place has some unique awesome sushi!!  My son and I went here for lunch today and I cannot wait to go back !!  Wonderful place and so different!!
5	Loveeee this place! I've had almost everything on their menu and it is all WONDERFUL! You definitely have to try the bacon wrapped dates, rollo chingon, pomegranate guacamole and mushroom tacos.Love the ambiance! Servers are great and know their stuff. Drinks are really good too. Best Mexican Asian fusion I've ever had! Great place for HH.
4	SumoMaya combines a party atmosphere, a bar, and a sit down restaurant all into one. For those looking for somewhere hip to drink and/or eat, you've definitely come to the right place!We ordered enough food quite possibly for a small army, including 2 types of guacamole, sushi rolls, ceviche, kimchee fried rice, various tacos, and chile-crab garlic noodles. The sushi roll we had (Shishito roll) was just average. The slight bitter flavor of the shishito pepper, which can be a delectable taste for the senses when roasted, didn't quite mesh with the sweetness of the kiwi + mango-habanero sauce for me. Other fusion items we had were tantalizing though. Some notable dishes were the Singapore crab noodles and the al pastor tacos. The strong flavors of the meat with seasoning contrasted well with the starch component in each dish.For dessert, they have various options such as cheesecake, mochi, and chocolate cake. Service was decent for a bustling and busy weekend night. One of the co-owners came by to check up on us and see how we were enjoying things, a nice touch!Since this is such a vibrant atmosphere, it's not quite the place you'd want to take someone for an intimate evening where you can engage in deep conversation, especially when Kris Kross's "Jump" is playing on the loudspeakers (Admit it- you know you'd want to jump along with the music!). :)
1	Please close down.  Reservation at 7:30 on the patio.  Got there on time.  Finally seated at 8:00 inside.  Way too noisy for a restaurant.  Actually this is a bar trying to be a restaurant.  Manager offered complementary guacamole, which was actually added to the bill.  We moved from inside to the patio at 8:30 and then finally served at 9:00.  2 of the 4 meals came out at the same time, then another 10 minutes later, then another 10 minutes after that.  Waitress tells the table that food comes out when the chef finishes making it.  Not necessarily at the same time.Got out of there at 10:00.  What a disaster.  Food as okay but not great.  Kind of a gitchy idea of combining Asian and Mexican but only okay.  Service was lousy.  Really really really lousy.  No idea of how to take care of customers.  If you like a bar setting with really huge tv's then this may be your place.As for the food, 2 of the 4 people thought it was good. 1 was way too bland.  The dish was some sushi thing with raspberry sauce.  Nearly puked it was so bad.  The other not so good dish would have been okay had it not taken nearly 45 minutes to arrive.The inside is nicely decorated.  But more like a pick up bar than a restaurant.  Too many plastic faces standing around waiting to be recognized.  More like L.A. than Scottsdale.  Wait staff need to be trained.  Don't have a clue about how to treat customers.  To top it off, woke up with a huge migraine which I never get.  I can only think they use some crap in their food like MSG or something.  Prices too high for what it is.  So many other good places worth the money, not this place.Please stop embarrassing Scottsdale with this attempt at fusion of Asian and Mexican.
5	Great food, great service!  I recommend the crab guac, and the Shakin Steak - so yummy, I am ready to go back for more.  We had a really good time.
5	Revisited for dinner and had a fabulous evening.  Our server (I believe his name was Mark???) was spot on.  He was knowledgeable about the menu, courteous, and never let any of our drinks go empty.  I truly appreciate good service like this, which is what my last visit was severly lacking.The food was spectacular....everything we had, from the margaritas to the octopus nigiri.  I love their selection of delicious foods offered and will continue to revisit this great restaurant.
5	great
2	SumoMaya has such a cool atmosphere that I was ready to love it, but service and food fell so short of mediocre. I definitely would not come back here for a meal but probably enjoying some cocktails would be fine.The service issues started when I first arrived, 15 minutes early for a noon reservation. The restaurant was pretty empty, but there were a lot of servers, and I requested a table on the patio which has all of 4 other people. I waited for everyone else to arrive and then at noon we asked to be seated. The hostess said she just seated someone out there (nope, still 4 people) so she had to wait a little before seating us. 10 minutes later we asked to be seated again and she said if we sat inside then she could seat us immediately, so we agreed to just sitting inside. We each ordered an entree but everything came out separately. And by separately I mean 5-6 minutes apart. I get bringing food out when it's ready if people are sharing dishes, but each person ordered their own meal (salad...not shareable food) and I go out to eat so I can eat with other people. If I wanted to eat my meal by myself, I would stay home. Then the food just wasn't very good. I got the vegetarian chopped salad (one of the very few vegetarian options available) and I just did not like it - the greens were a little too hard, the mushrooms has a bad rubbery texture, and the smoke flavor was just awful.
5	My boyfriend and I went there for dinner last night. It was simply awesome!! The food is very particular and delicious, a mix between Mexico and Asia...yummy!! the service is even better! I've heard that one of the detriments of this place is the loud  atmosphere...well, in my opinion the noise average is not quiet but not too loud either. It's a place for young people, with two huge tv screens for watching games, so it's perfectly ok a little bit of noise. I recommend the Suzuki sushi, it's special! I definitely understand why SumoMaya is in the top 10 best new restaurants in the Valley! We loved it! And we'll be back soon!  :-)
4	We took online advice and made an early ish reservation for 6:45. We arrived on time but did not get seated until 7:05 even though there were at least 6 empty tables in the main dining room alone. Once seated we were quickly greeted and we put in a drink and guac order right away. The drinks seemed to take forever to come out. My only complaints would be that our drinks went empty and we waited and waited for refills and the lobster crab dynamite is disgusting. Everything else we tried was delicious and we ended with an amazing chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream. The dessert redeemed everything! The food is unique and the atmosphere is fun and great for people watching (we sat between a table full of women who have had too much plastic surgery and a table with really young girls with much older men). Try it. You will either love it or hate it just like the rest of Scottsdale.
2	Glimmers of greatness, but screwed up in the execution. I read plenty of reviews about good food and bad service, and SumoMaya was true to their reputation.  We had 13 in our group, and the service was bad.  Food took a very long time to come out, with dishes trickling out for over an hour.  As we were ready to pay our bill they brought the last two tapas dishes. For the money they spent building this place, they should hire a strong operations team and get their act together. Food was good, but the wait was bad.
5	What a great place! I wasn't sure if I was going to like a Mexican-Asian fusion restaurant. I was skeptical. I'm happy to report I was pleasantly surprised! My friends told me that it's kind of like a tapas (small plate) menu, so we ordered a bunch of stuff & shared. First out was the "bacon guacamole" which was tasty. Next out was "tempura unagi roll" which was good as well. It reminded me a lot of a Las Vegas roll. We also had the "crispy pork belly roll" which was different. It was pretty good, but I don't normally like pork belly. My friends really liked it though. I also ordered the "Lobster & Crab Dynamite" which was delicious. For a drink I ordered the skinny margarita which was awesome. This is definitely a busy, "where the cool people hang out" type place & I can't wait to try more things off the menu.
5	First time at SumoMaya & it was a great experience!! We started with the lump crab guacamoles. It was the best guacamole I have ever had, I can't wait to try the other flavors. Then I had the sesame ginger chicken tacos, and they were amazing!! Our server was great, very attentive and was on top of our water refills. We tried two different desserts, the key lime pie and a peanut butter mousse cake. Both desserts were delicious. We sat at the bar and the chef stopped over to say hello to us and ask how everything was. A manager also stopped by and checked on us. Overall it was a perfect dinner outing! Can't wait to go back.
1	The fact so many people in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area believe SumoMaya is amazing is downright concerning. Have they never been to a good restaurant before? Everything about this place is horrid. The restaurant is located in a strip mall and they take control of the parking lot during dinner hours demanding you to valet park, which is completely unnecessary. The hostesses are rude and unprofessional. We showed up at 6pm without a reservation. Apparently if you don't have a reservation here you're treated as a second class citizen. Did I miss the memo that this was a Michelin Rated Restaurant, justifying the inflexible seating policy? The hostess said all of the tables are reserved and we weren't allowed to wait for a table to open up. She offered to seat us at the "sushi" bar and said that's all we have available for walk-ins despite the numerous empty tables. She suggested heading over to the bar as there were first come first serve high top tables. We grabbed a table and although it was small it was fine. I'm not sure why she didn't offer that up in the first place.The music was obnoxiously loud where you can't hear the person sitting across from you. Our waitress tried really hard to be attentive, but you could tell she was spread thin and all over the place. We constantly had to flag her down to refill our drinks or when we needed her.The food here was awful. The concept itself of Mexican and Asian works great for Kogi because they kept it simple unlike SumoMaya. On the menu you'll find dishes from nearly all the Asian countries reengineered into something inedible and disgusting. On top of the small portions and bad food, all of our entrees came out separately in 15 minute intervals instead of at the same time. The kicker was items were auctioned off by a server standing at the head of the table and yelling who ordered the___!!? When the final dish came out the other dishes were cold because clearly it's rude to start eating before everyone receives their food. Sumo Mayo is another typical, overpriced and overrated Scottsdale restaurant. I would recommend taking your hard earned cash elsewhere.
4	I heard so much about this place, and I've been wanted to try... Food: it is tapas style, or in Japanese izakaya style.  Each portion is small so it will be good if you order about two dishes per person to share with the group.  Everything we ordered was very good, great flavor, nicely presented. Looked yummy and tasted yummy too.Dates wrapped in bacon: I like the sauce on the dish. Dates and bacon are interesting mix but this sauce nicely mixed together.Suzuki roll: I liked the smell and taste of slightly deep fried? rice around the roll.Maya roll: Double spicy (spicy tuna and spicy sauce (I think it was wasabi base sauce).  Nonetheless, liked the flavor.Kimuchi fried rice: tasted better than the one I make at home. Smelled the kimuchi but it wasn't overwhelming at all.   Sometimes kimuchi could be strong, but I think the sauce on the dish toned it down to the level the kimuchi was enjoyable.Chinese Chicken salad: nothing fancy...We shared three deserts and all were good. This place said Mexican Asian fusion but the way they used difference sauce reminded me of French food.  I think they used French dressing for Chinese Chicken saladNice decor inside, mix of Mexican and Asian. I didn't necessarily loved it but it was certainly interesting for sure.Service: although it was good but very slow... We were there for lunch and ended up being there for two hours. So if you are in a rush, this place is not good for you. Go there only if you want to enjoy the fun atmosphere with a group of friends to enjoy conversation.Food was so interesting, I want to come back and try all the rest when I have more time. I like French, Mexican and Asian in general. When combined, it is perfect of all.
5	I loved this place! I was on this side of town for my anniversary and convinced my husband to eat here during the first half of the cardinals game because they had the game on. This was definitely my kind of place! Great open atmosphere, live relaxing band, amazing food and bottomless mimosas!  The only issue was that we sat at a high top for 10 minutes without being acknowledged then ended up moving to the bar where the service was not as good as we were hoping. My husband had the mexican omelette and loved it! I had the mexican pho and thought it was good but heavier than I was expecting We took the bacon guac to go and absolutely love it! I will definitely be back :)
5	I must say everything was great! My friend got the spicy yellowtail rolls & an assortment of tacos; one Korean beef, one wild mushroom, and one Al Pastor. I got the miso sesame eggplant, and the Al Pastor & Korean beef tacos. My friend and I both easily agreed, the food was awesome and we had nothing but positive things to say! Cool looking place too! Very open feeling to it inside. The bartender Jeremy was extremely helpful & just all around a nice guy! Great food, service, & location! See y'all soon...
3	I heard that their all you can eat sushi buffet was good. This was standard sushi. I wouldn't say that it was great or exotic but it wasn't bad. The sushi chiefs weren't very talkative or attentive for that matter but that was ok. I would say this place is just that, OK
4	I really liked the pad Thai.  The softshell crab blt was ok but I won't order it again.
5	I have been to Sumo Maya twice now and both times was phenomenal. You know how people say your wedding day is the happiest day of your life? Well Sumo Maya is better. Period. I split a meal with a coworker of mine and every plate we got was better than the last. Let me start with the lump crab guac with homemade tortillas. The crab was perfectly cooked and extremely fresh. I felt like they went into the ocean to get this crab and chopped it right out of the water. The handmade tortillas were so soft and warm and such a great pairing with the cold crab and guac.Next we shared the pork belly ramen. I felt like I should have been in a japan. The broth was rich and the noodles were ala dente. The pork belly was fatty but that is the main reason one gets the pork belly. It was so juicy I was angered I only got 2 pieces.We finished our meal with the duck breast served Mid Rare with pickled veggies. The Duck melted like butter in your mouth and there were hints of truffle oil on the outside.Hands down best meal of my life.
5	Make me smile. Aside from the 1970 classic Chicago tune (yes.... some people were actually around at that time!) these words are the ultimate compliment that I can pay to a chef and a restaurant. There are only a few places in the Valley that bring a smile to my face and relaxation to my brain. Sumo Maya is one of them. Chefs Matt Zdeb and Andy Suzuki are so incredibly skilled at what they do that even in the midst of this active atmosphere, I can take deep breaths and relax. The Kimchee Fried Rice (with firm grilled shrimp added as an option), and Arroz Con Pato have never missed a step and always provided just the right combo of all things tasty. The Crispy Calamari and the Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates are just stupidly good.  German, Tai, Eli and Alex keep the engine purring and customers on top of their priority list. Even on this busy night (last  night, other businesses in the same area were having their own special events and parking was crowded), the smile was there. For those who have enjoyed this experience before, these observations really aren't that new. For those who have had less than a wonderful experience and especially those who have not yet been able to make the trip, I strongly recommend that you give this place a shot at earning your business and a happy face.  Peg and I smile a lot here.... Dr. B.
5	My husband and I stumbled upon this gem. Who knew Asian and Mexican could make such a happy union! We had the Hamachu Tiradito, Shushito roll, and the Maya roll...each was a work of art, and the flavor was delicious and unique. The cocktails are also very unique and creative. I recommend the Lemongrass, Jalepeno Monk, and  Sumo-Rita. Great quality, creative dishes, expert service, and zen ambience with a party on the side.
5	Been meaning to write a review for a while now. I've been to SumoMaya a handful of times and it has been great every time. Some of the drinks need a little work flavor wise, but the food is spectacular. The rock shrimp tempura is delish! The maya roll and the Suzuki roll are great, I can't wait to try more of their sushi. The ceviche is some of the best I've had anywhere. Ahi tuna tostada, the Vietnamese shaking beef and the filet are all amazing. I could go on and on! I can't wait to go back and try more! I also look forward to trying the new dessert menu items as well. Go check it our for yourself, well worth it!
1	This place won't be open long. Went here because of the great reviews.The good: Showed up  Friday night without a reservation, the host  Horus seated rather quickly Server was great explained the menu in great detail.The bad: While waiting for our appetizers German Osio (the owner) came by to introduce himself. He was slurring his words and seemed drunk. During our meal we noticed German get into an altercation with a guest that was sitting close by.  German followed the guy outside. My girl was curious to see what happened so she stepped outside. She saw German choke the guy and then saw the guy punch German in the face knocking him out cold! The police and ambulance showed up it was a huge scene. For this guy to own two other restaurants in the valley he is highly unprofessional. I've never witnessed such animalistic behavior before, especially in Scottsdale. All in all food was mediocre but it might just have been the owners behavior that ruined our experience. I will NOT be back.
1	One of the managers of SumoMaya wrote me a Yelp message and instead of apologizing for the poor dining experience he blamed me for going out to eat on a Saturday night. Clearly his staff wasn't able to handle a busy dining room and he suggested that I come in during the week when the restaurant is dead and there's only a handful of tables. Sorry buddy I won't be returning ever.
1	Needy, greedy, and rude.  Needy and greedy happened before we even got into the restaurant.  The entire parking lot was empty, but coned off for valet.  Not a valet was in sight so we went ahead and parked.  It was like someone said Beetlejuice three times because as soon as we locked the car, a valet magically appeared and demanded the keys because this section - the entire parking lot - was valet only - needy and greedy.We went into the restaurant, and the hostess told us only the bar seating was open.  We went to the bar area, and all the tables were full, and we didn't want to sit right at the bar.  As we started to head for the door someone walked by and said we could have one of the dinner tables if we wanted, but that section was closed so we told him we would just come back some other time.  At this point everything was still fine.  As we were walking out, we heard the hostess make a disparaging comment about us.  I called the restaurant's manager from the car, and he half heartedly said sorry, but he didn't hear the comment.  Note to manager:  your employees don't act rude and make nasty comments when you're standing there.  Very. Rude.I don't care how good the food is at this restaurant and I certainly wouldn't know after this experience.  I live in Scottsdale, and there are many excellent restaurants throughout the city.  I will spend my dollars elsewhere.  I don't see this restaurant being a player for long with such a rude, coarse staff.
3	Awesome food, terrible service!Came here to celebrate my birthday with my family, so there was a group of 8, which they couldn't handle. We had to ask our waitress 3 or 4 times for things and they don't seem to be educated on food allergies. She kept getting gluten free mixed up with Vegan and thought Vegan was Vegetarian. I know people with special food requests like that can be rather annoying but c'mon, if you're in the food industry, you should educate yourself so you don't make people sick. I have to say that the food and atmosphere is pretty great. This place is like Asia meets Mexico, which creates some really unique flavors. They have various types of guacamole, which are out of this world. Everything is  small plate so it's perfect for sharing. I definitely recommend the pomegranate guacamole. The one downside is that the food arrives as it's ready so that resulted in everyone getting their food at different times. Pretty much everyone was done eating by the time I received my friend rice. This concept is good for drinks and appetizers maybe, but not for entrees. The kitchen seemed to get backed up at times resulting in long waits. We waiting over 20 minutes just for a dessert to come...and it wasn't even right. Perhaps the managers/owners should take a closer look.This place is good for smaller groups it seems.
2	I'm a huge foodie so I guess I'm a pretty tough critic, but this place just missed the mark for me.  I saw it was listed 3rd best new restaurant in Phoenix magazine so I decided to try it. The restaurant itself is beautiful. Good atmosphere.  The service was just ok.  The food was very interesting, but the flavors were just not there. The edamame was charred and had a very burnt flavor, which I guess is what they were going for.  Would not order it again.  I had just had Mexican street corn the other day at Taco Gulde, and it was way better than sumomayas. I got the chile garlic crab noodles.  All I could taste was chile oil and a burnt flavor again. Not good at all.   I work at one of the best sushi restaurants in Scottsdale, so I didn't even bother trying the sushi. TOYAMA restaurant= best sushi in the valley. Hidden gem.   We heard the table next to us rave about the tres leches cake so we decided to get it. One of the worst tres leches I've ever had.  Gooey marshmallow on top of the cake, with chewy old tasting chocolate rice Krispy treats, in a nasty condensed milk/tapioca flavored sauce.  Whoever came up with this dessert has the palate of a 10 year old.  Not very sophisticated flavors. Will not be returning.  You want good Mexican food, go to the Mission in old town Scottsdale, or the barrio cafe in Phoenix. You want good Asian food, come visit me at Toyama. You want the worst of both worlds, go to sumomaya.
4	Enjoyed the food and the ambiance.  Definitely will come back
1	This place is beyond terrible, from the staff, to the decor followed by the service! I was pregnant at the time so I needed a slight modification to each dish (basically no goats cheese) and EVERY dish came out wrong, followed by the chef sending something else special which I also couldn't have. The only thing I enjoyed was the shrimp fish but it had a wax paper in it... We asked the manager about it and he said it was necessary because of the oils... Umm tacky and not necessary. Find a different way to plate it. Some of the sides were cold. I hated how the salsa on the menu was just salsa to add to your dish? 5$ no chips? Server had no idea what he was doing! I mean no idea... He had previously been a banquet server so didn't turkey understand service. Lastly, I hate that everyone thinks this place is so great. It is a lot of money put into a typical Scottsdale restaurant with a mediocre menu and no real charm. I came on opening week ... Yes a long time ago, but never wrote my review. So here it is.
5	This place is super cool. The decor is perfect, the bar is very comfortable, and the open air walls make the whole place a giant patio. I'm just having a cocktail today, but will be back immediately for lunch or dinner. Can't wait and will be sure to update when I do. The food looks and smells amazing, but I just ate a huge breakfast.
5	Trendy Trendy Trendy. This place is Amazing!I went here for my birthday on LOVED IT! The food was great, all of the combinations were thing is had never even had thought of. It was fantastic. I got the Pad Thai Al Pastor, and it may have been the greatest thing I have ever eaten. Not ever, but at least most unique. ok. I just loved it!Definitely will be going back and will bring a big group.
4	Who would have thought Asian-Latin fusion would work so great? Tamarind in pad thai? This place was great! I was so interested in the menu that I wanted to try everything! The hostess' were a little subpar, hence the 4 stars and told us an hour wait when tables opened up 10 minutes after we sat at the bar, but the wait staff was awesome. If it's your first time here, just ask and they'll have excellent recommendations. For drinks, try the Kumquat! A fresh drink after a hectic day for sure. I would highly recommend the Pork "Al Pastor" Pad Thai! It was absolutely delicious and plenty, even enough for two if your so inclined! It was a wonderful fusion between the Asian/Latin menu this place offers!
3	The food here is absolutely delicious, lots of variety and quality, however, the service is pretty horrible! The manager is fantastic, but I really wish I didn't need to call him over every time I go because I'm waiting 20-30 minutes for a drink.
1	I have been to sumomaya twice before and have really enjoyed the experience. I loved the food and they have my favorite drink in town. Tonight however for the first time I walked out of a restaurant. After no one, but the person who poured out water (his name was Seth and he was so nice!), came to our table for 15 minutes we left. The table right next to us was being waited on and despite being walked by at least 8 times total by 3 different people not one person acknowledged our table. Best part was on the way out the hostess who greeted us asked how the food was....because 15 minutes is the usual table turnover time. Really upset about this one and honestly unless they fix their wait staff problems I don't think I will comeback or recommend them :(
1	It's a shame I really wanted to like this place. The good: Showed up  Friday night without a reservation, the host seated us rather quickly Server was great explained the menu in great detail.The bad: While waiting for our appetizers German Osio (the owner) came by to introduce himself. He was slurring his words and seemed drunk. During our meal we noticed German get into an altercation with a guest that was sitting close by.  German followed the guy outside. My girl was curious to see what happened so she stepped outside. She saw German choke the guy and then saw the guy punch German in the face knocking him out cold! The police and ambulance showed up it was a huge scene. For this guy to own two other restaurants in the valley he is highly unprofessional. I've never witnessed such animalistic behavior before, especially in Scottsdale. All in all food was mediocre but it might just have been the owners behavior that ruined our experience. This place won't be open long if German keeps up this behavior, I will NOT be back.
4	Great fusion of Asian and Latin American influences. Only tried the happy hour menu, however was pleasantly surprised at how carefully plated each dish was, as well as the care put into the flavors of each serving. Salmon rolls were delicious, so too the Korean skirt steak tacos. Fun, colorful, inviting decor added to a great experience. Well worth the visit.
4	I don't have anything negative to say about this place. My friend Toby works here so I'm slightly biased but for good reasons. Yes, this place is TRENDY and fits right into Scottsdale. Come dressed up! Love the comp. valet! Great service all around! The reverse happy hour starts later then most places though, but not a big deal. I had some of the freshest salmon here in my roll and the rice was still warm when it was served! I loved each of their tacos, as well. I will be back soon!
3	I thought this place was OK. There drinks were mehh.... I got a margarita and they made it strong with orange juice, which I thought was odd. WARNING FOOD PORTIONS ARE VERY VERY SMALL!!! I asked the server for something that was NOT spicy because I'm a wuss when it comes to hot food. She recommended 2 things that were incredibly spicy! My boyfriend loves spicy and he got the pad Thai and liked it okay, nothing great about it though. But he thought my food was MUCH spicier! I then ordered the Chilean Sea Bass, which was amazing. However, I only got 4 small chunks of meat on a kabob stick for $14. For that to be a normal entree I would've need like 3 kabob sticks = 12 bites = $42. The sea bass is the reason I'm rating this 3 stars, because that would be the only reason I would go back. I feel this place strongly relies on the atmosphere to carry it. The decorations were very cool. There's even a tree in the middle of the restaurant. But the chairs were super hard! They clearly want to turn tables quickly.
5	Awesome stuff. Korean BBQ beef tacos prob the best of what we had. Sushi on par with better az sushi. Sat a sushi bar because it was packed, but full menu was available and service was great. Def worth a shot. Very creative menu good eats.
1	Place is awesome. Food is also good. Service sucks and what ever you do look at your bill.   We went there with another couple . My good friends pick up the tab.  After paying we left that night they told us the bill was 345.00.  WTF.   We went over what we ordered cause we had a menu the bill with drinks came to 165.00.      Really 2 lady's 2 men. How much food can we eat.   We got a total of 5 dishes.   1 drink each.
4	Love the vibe of the restaurant. Came in with my mother, father, and baby sister. They were able to tweak a dish for the baby to make sure she could eat with the rest of us. I had the rock shrimp(must have) and the tuna tacos. All the portions are small but delicious. If you are looking to fill up without spending very much this is not the place for you. I enjoyed the food as did the rest of the family. The downfall is the server was barely there. I don't like my meals rushed but it was to the point I didn't get to order a drink until 20 minutes in. Despite that I will definitely be back. Probably without the baby this time! Overall good time.
5	Hello, I have never written a review before. However, after eating here I felt I would be doing it a dis-service by not writing. My parents and I went to SumoMaya after hiking up Tom's Thumb Trail. We made it in time for the happy hour and it was delicious. We were a under dressed for the occasion, wearing only the clothes that we used to hike up a mountain. The employees didn't bat an eye, thank god! First we ordered bacon guacamole, which I must say was the best guac I've ever eaten. We went ahead and ordered three servings of SumoMaya's happy hour tacos. First came the Sesame Ginger Tacos. The good news, they were fantastic! The better news, it was only getting better! They brought out the Korean Beef Taco and Pork "Al Pastor" Tacos at the same time. Both of them, especially the Pork "Al Pastor" Tacos were the best tacos i've ever eaten.I highly recommend this establishment. You won't be disappointed. You might even see me, as I will for sure be coming back! Btw, it is also a great place to watch football as they have 4 HUGE TV's over the bar. PSS, amazing margaritas!
5	Their menu is very creative and the tastes are unique. The atmosphere inside is great and on the weekends it's really lively in there. Service is top notch- I have been to this place several times and never had even slightly bad service. Great place if you want to try something new or take friends from out of town!
5	This is the new hot spot in Scottsdale and not only does it look good, but the food is excellent. Now combining Latin America cuisine with Asian food may sound a little odd at first, but trust me, this place is great!We went here the other day for our office Christmas lunch and had a great time. There were six of us and between us we tried the following items: guacamole with pomegranate, street tacos, Chinese-style chili crab garlic noodles, Mexican pho, Mexican street corn, the steak pepito sandwich, and the lobster and crab "dynamite". Everyone enjoyed their food immensely and the service was great, with the waiter answering all our questions and doing an excellent job of adjusting the heaters and the wind shades so that everyone was comfortable. For dessert, we decided to split three items, the tres leche cake, chocolate peanut butter bar, and the chocolate sticky cake.My only regret is that there were so many other items on the menu that I wanted to try and no one else wanted to order the ceviche, but I guess that just means I have an excuse to go back... and I definitely plan to do that. In fact, I may need to make several visits to get my fill of this place :-)
4	It was good, but not quite good enough for the high prices. Also, my sister got the tacos, and they were literally the smallest tacos I had ever seen. She actually had to order another item off of the menu. My noodles were delicious, but a tad overpriced. The sushi is scrumptious, though! The ambience and service were very nice, though.
3	My company hosted our holiday party here a couple weeks back. The food was great, but the service was lacking in a few key areas: A) I'd been working with the event manager for three weeks and when I showed up the servers were offering people Sumo's full menu instead of the 'closed bar' choices on the pre-printed menus on the tables. This could have cost thousands. B) Because Sumo does not offer centerpieces, one of our staff  members took the time to make them over the weekend, and dropped them off ahead of the event. They were intended for the party's attendees, (employees). Some of Sumo's employees took these centerpieces without asking, a couple took off with them. All this happened before the party was over. C) After your company drops 4K on a party you kind of expect some exceptional or at least decent customer service right? Welp... not so much. The founder of the company took a few of the company's Bus Dev team members to the bar at Sumo (five feet away from our tables), and tried to order Fireball shots for them. The bartender retorted with a yippy "we only serve drinks for grownups here".In general this place has a cool atmosphere and a fun,eclectic menu (all delish), but may be growing a little too quickly for its "britches". Not sure I'd host another event here, but definitely a fun spot to take a foodie friend or significant other who likes hip and doesn't mind a little yuppy.
5	Amazing menu and overall solid execution. Substantial drink list which shows lots of thought was put into it. Not sure if there are any concepts like this that combine the Mexican and Asian cuisine so well.  Attention to detail is apparent. Some of the food may have taken too long to come out, so that might need some oversight. The tortillas for the guac were of inconsistent crunchiness. But that is easy too. The Korean beef tacos and the pork belly ramen were both easily 5 stars. I'll be back.
1	After having 2 stellar meals on previous visits, we decided to head to Sumomaya at the last minute to ring in the New Year with one of their famous concoctions from the bar. After settling into our seats at the bar, my daughter was carded and, despite the fact that she is 22, they refused to serve her a drink because of her ID being "vertical". She was humiliated and embarrassed. I understand the need for laws, especially when preventing under age drinking, but she is of legal drinking age..... And she was with her mother, for heaven's sake! It ruined what had been a wonderful evening, celebrating the New Year. The General Manager was completely inflexible, citing that the law was new ( he said it was instituted in Nov, when it was July) when we told him she had been served on our two previous visits. We won't be back!
5	Hands down best meal I have ever had!My girlfriend and I got a bottle of wine to sharebacon quac with there homemade chips2 different roles and there garlic crab stir fry  and it was hands down the best!
4	Excellent food...loved it!  I wasn't quite sure what to expect and ended up a fan.  The food was outstanding and arrived extremely quickly.  We were there on a Saturday, so the prompt food delivery was impressive.  Our server was excellent and really knew the menu/products and was very helpful with her recommendations.  We had a couple of people with several food allergies and our server was awesome in helping us make selections that would work for everyone.  Some of our favorite selections included the guacamole with pomegranate, rollo chignon, pork 'al pastor' taco and the ceviche of the day (was sea bass for us).  The drinks were very good as well.  I will definitely be back...can't wait!
2	Sooo...freakin...loud...whaa? My ears were ringing by the time we were done. We had trouble just shouting our order to the server...why oh why...the place already screams upbeat and fun, spare our ears with the volume!Food is just okay. I am not a fan of tapas to begin with, but some of the dishes like the Mexican Pho is just plain weird. The only thing that's "pho" about it is the rice noodle. The 2 stars are mainly for the interior design.
5	Returned here for dinner on New Year's Eve.  This time I had a great experience.  All of the food was great and the portions were large.  Maybe a little to bug but I'm not sure if that's a thing.  They had a special menu that night that was five courses with plenty of different diverse choices for each.  I was able to have sushi and steak and potatoes.   The flan cheesecake was a great finish to the meal.
5	Sushi AND tacos!! The edamame is the BEST I have ever had! Great menu. Great wines (even from Napa) variety of things to eat. Good happy hour.
4	It scares me that the guy behind the sushi bar has a foot long beard. There are probably little hairs falling in food.. Disgusting. The owner should have a policy requiring that people (anyone handling food with hearty facial hair) wear a cover / hair net contraption as protection. I love this place but Jesus Christ cover that thing.
5	I came here for brunch with a group of friends and I can't wait to come back! On Sundays they have bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, and micheladas for $15. I go the mimosa--you can mix and match flavors like guava, pineapple, blood orange, and mango. We ordered a bunch of stuff so we could try a variety. Dishes not to be missed: the bacon guacamole, the short rib benedict, and the green tea waffles with duck. I will be back soon! Service from LeeAnn was great!
