1	A walgreens with no liquor? What am I, in Utah?
3	As a Chicagoan I am a Walgreens girl.  I tried CVS but they have serious issues with value and customer service.This is not the worst Walgreens.  It is definitely not the best either.  The main issues are as follows:1.) No bike racks2.) Nowhere even remotely plausible to lock your bike.3.) Check out ladies who move as though it were 1968 and no one had anywhere to get to in less than 5 minutes.I suppose the other items are corporate which seem to affect this store overmuch.  The nearest 24 hour is on Osborn and 7th ave.  Not close enough.  They no longer stock things I need in emergency situations... like canned peas, employment application forms and Igloos over 48 quarts.This store is always clean, has Milky Way Midnights and a good selection of tampons so its not like I am going to stop going here.
4	I pass by this walgreens on the way home so I stop in frequently. Always able to find what I need. Clean and organized, will come again.
2	Go to to FedEx Office if you need passport photos. I needed one and stopped at this Walgreens after being referred here by a nearby UPS Store. The first Walgreens employee wasn't sure how to work their new camera, so he and Employee #2 went back and forth about that for a minute or two. Finally he used their regular camera to take it anyway. Then, they couldn't print it for me because they were in the middle of an enormous greeting card order which apparently couldn't be paused long enough to print my picture. They took my name and number to call me when that order was complete and they'd printed my photo. Nearly four hours later, I called the store because no one had called me. I stayed on hold four long times while they repeatedly rang the Photo Department, and no one ever picked up. So then I was passed to the store manager, who put me on hold only to come back and say the printing equipment had failed. Uh, and just when was someone gonna call me and tell me this?? Someone finally did call back the next day after they found my pic in their system, but by that time I got my photo elsewhere. Save yourself the trouble and just stick to getting snacks, water, and cards at Walgreens.
5	I am a big fan of this chain and they just scored a big win with me by mentioning their $20 yearly prescription membership program.  I am self-employed and take   some maintenance meds that can be pretty pricey, even with insurance.  This plan saves me  about $800 a year!I also shop Walgreen's for gifts...they regularly stock cute scarves, t-shirts and novelty items.  They have good sales on the necessities as well.  I really like their theater-sized candy prices and make sure to stock up on movie daysThe staff is pleasant and the location has good parking, is well-lit, and is easily accessible.  The drive-thru service is speedy and efficient..All in all, I am happy with the service, pricing, and variety...especially at this location.  Cheaper meds just put them over the top !!!!
