4	Like so many other things, it really depends on who you talk to when you visit Carmax.  We went to look at cars, and in that regard, Carmax is great, because they have such an awesome selection.  Lots of other places have a good selection, but only Carmax has a huge selection across all brands.Unfortunately you have to run the gauntlet to get in.  They even put hedges around the lot to prevent you from getting in without going through the main building, which sucks.  It's like Las Vegas, where you have to go through the casino to get to your room.Anyway, our first trip we had Jose, who was an amateur.  That's actually good if you just want to browse, but useless if you really needed anything.  The second trip, we had Darryl, who had no brother Darryl, but he was very helpful.  Had we not be at least semi-seriously in need of a vehicle, he probably would have been too helpful, but the great thing about Darryl is that he never crossed the line of being pushy.  He just helped us along.In the end, we bought a car from Darryl, and it wasn't a bad experience.  I hate signing all the crap that they make you sign.  Even though we just wrote them a check for the car, that part was like getting a root canal.
5	I got a great car at a great price with no haggling. The car I got has less than 25,000 miles on it. It's a 2008, and my payments are under $200 a month. I was pleased with the service and attention from beginning to end. I'm far from a high-end customer, but they treated me like royalty. They explained everything to me, and I felt like the salesman was on my side the whole time, helping me find just the right car for me. We got online to look in the entire Carmax inventory until we found the best deal available. I was impressed, and I'll definitely do business with them again.
5	I'll keep this short and to the point...I went to CarMax to get an appraisal for a car I wanted to sell.  I chose CarMax because I didn't want to go through the process of posting a listing on Craigslist, Autotrader, etc.  My thought was if they gave me a good price I would sell my car on spot.  The service was quick, they have a very friendly staff and the appraisal took 15 minutes.  I was expecting the appraisal to be ~50% of what I had previously valued my car (using KBB and Edmonds), they blew me away and offered 80%.I couldn't have been happier.  I'll definitely refer friends/family to CarMax as a great way to sell cars.
4	We purchased our car from CarMax in 2009 and decided to move in 2012. We went back to CarMax to sell our car back to them since we financed it through them and it was not yet paid off. They took our car back for $100 over the price left on loan. Not bad! We just dropped it off, filled out some paperwork and went home. Easy peasy.
4	My sister had to sell her car quickly before moving out of state. I accompanied her because I agreed to help her by completing the paperwork and the transaction on her behalf after she was gone. She had to leave the state before the transaction could be completed. We worked with Marina at the business office. She was awesome! Very friendly, knowledgeable, helpful. The transaction was somewhat complicated, and things went smoothly in general. When I came back to complete the transaction a couple days later, some of the paperwork was misplaced, which made for some tense moments, but it worked out in the end. I would go back to Carmax if I needed to buy or sell a car.
5	I love shopping at Carmax!  This location is super convenient right on Independence.  They always have a huge selection and are never pushy.  I bought one car here and am more than likely buying my next one here too.They are open Sundays at noon don't forget.  If you see another car at another Carmax they will transfer it in for you at no charge and no commitment necessary.They will tell you right up front that they will pay less for your trade-in than you could get selling privately.  Very honest and a pleasure to come here for car shopping!
3	I don't know that I'll ever be a fan of car buying but CarMax does a pretty darn good job at making it easy.  First there's the selection, it's loaded with every make and model you could want to test drive and that alone really helps narrow down the decision process for me.  Secondly the staff.  All seem very nice and since they get paid only when they sell a car, they don't try to up-sale you on a car you can't afford just so it would give them a bigger cut.Last, the warranty.  They have a great warranty program that basically allows you to service your car anywhere you so choose regardless of your location.  That comes in handy if something terrible were to happen while out of town, or if you prefer a certain automotive shop.
1	Hate to do it but the service here is an absolute nightmare.  Upon buying our vehicle we noted that the rear drivers side DVD monitor was not operational.  No problem, we'll get it fixed.  That was the notion.  That notion has now turned into a 3 week nightmare.Dropped it off and mentioned the DVD monitor as well as the drive not reading the discs AND the remote wasn't the same as the one noted in the actual manual (this is the killer).One week later, get a call to come get the car.  All is well they said, all works.  We arrive, test the system, yes the monitor is on but the DVD drive still isn't reading the discs.  So I take the loaner back and tell them to keep it till it's absolutely fixed.Fast forward a week.  Keep in mind, everytime I call I ask them to please make sure the remote works ALL FUNCTIONS of the DVD system.  I get a call, it's all working perfect, remote works, everything works. NOPE!!!  We arrive to pick it up and 2 minutes later I see that yes the monitor works and the DVD drive is reading the discs but the REMOTE doesn't.  The same remote I mentioned time, after time, after time and after time.  They order the remote stating we will deliver the next day.  Get a call the next day, oops didn't make the delivery truck.  Livid would best describe my emotion at that point.  I schedule for Thursday, an entire 48 hour window for them to get their ducks in a row for delivery.   Thursday comes and it turns into a maylay event because they send out the parts person WITHOUT A PHONE.  How will I know they are here?  What if they have an accident?  What terrible logistics and business acumen.  So as I'm writing this just know I still haven't gotten the remote.  As a dealership, you are only as good as your weakest link and I'm pretty sure I am caught up in that exact link.
5	I've purchased three cars from this location and couldn't be happier. The sales people are attentive, but not pushy. They stand behind their vehicles.
5	I recently purchased two automobiles from this Carmax (on Independence), and both were great experiences. These were my first experiences with Carmax, and I can say with the up-most confidence that I will continue to utilize Carmax for my automobile purchasing needs.  At no point did I feel pressured to make a purchase, and it was very apparent that the sales consultant cared more about providing us with cars that met our needs, instead of just making a quick sale.  I was raised to be pretty frugal person, and my parents trained me to really analyze about my purchases before making them.  Therefore, I loved being able to sit down with our sales consultant and manipulate our down payment, as well as our warranty selection to gain the most value out of our selection.  That's saying a lot because I've always felt out of the loop when working with the finance departments of other dealerships.Every car buying experience is different regardless of where you go, but our experiences were excellent at Carmax, and our sales associate, Edward Scott deserves the lion's share of praise and accolades.  99% of our positive experience was a direct result of his incite into the trading/purchasing process, ability to identify our wants (and more importantly our needs), and his positive & laid-back demeanor.  I cannot provide a stronger recommendation than Ed, call ahead and reserve him if you plan on visiting Carmax.I know this review may sound too good to be true, and I may sound like a push-over after reading this review, but go look at my other reviews and see how I react when a business upsets me.
3	I've bought two cars here and recommend buying from them.   I DO NOT recommend TRADING a car here.  Kind of like a pawn shop,  nice place to buy but to sell - not so much. I remember the time I took the car I had bought at carmax back to trade after I drove it for a couple years.   They offered me $3k for it.   I took it to Keffer jeep and got a $9000 trade in!
4	I was out to this location with a friend who is a car dealer, to observe the feeding frenzy which is called the dealers car action.  This is a wild,  yet mostly controlled chaos,  resulting in procurement of a fresh stock of vehicles for some,  aggravation for a few, and, as witnessed, even a shoving match by a couple.  The cars going through the auction ranged from great quality range rovers and esclades to some that you would do well to put on plastic gloves to even open the door.  All in the day of the life for a small to medium car dealers.
2	My wife and I purchased a vehicle from this Carmax location about a month ago. We had an outstanding experience with their sales team! It was really like their commercials about the "way car buying should be!" When we bought our car, the salesman noticed a some scratches on the bumper and wrote up a ticket for us to bring it in to be fixed under their 30 day warranty. Awesome! I was really impressed by this... and then we brought the car in! I had a day off from work, so I brought the car down to get the scratch fixed, along with a protective plate on the underside of the bumper that had come loose and was dragging on the road. We scheduled this appointment ahead of time. After talking with the lady at the front counter she told me that it would take a couple of days and that they would give me a loaner vehicle... BUT I had to go get my wife from work because her name was the one of the vehicle registration. Apparently it didn't matter that I was the primary driver on the insurance. Also it says in the loaner agreement that Carmax can give written permission for another driver. Weird. After I returned, we waited about 45 minutes for them to bring the loaner out. This vehicle was about 8 years older than our car and made the worst squealing, grinding sound in the world. Truly an embarrassment for my wife to drive. Fast forward 2 days: My wife calls in the morning to find out about our car. She is told that they are looking for a tech to re-attach the plate and then they would call her back. Forty five minutes later, my wife calls again and is told the same thing. The person she talked to also told her that they gave her a car to drive so she should be fine. Kind of unprofessional, if you ask me. Not to mention that I'M NOT ALLOWED TO DRIVE THE LOANER so I'm stranded at home. I promptly called the corporate customer service and a few minutes after I get off the phone with him, their service person calls my wife to tell her that when she finally "found" a tech to re-attach the plate under the bumper, he realized that it was worn away and they needed to order a new one... DUH! I told them about this when I first dropped the car off two days before. Thank you for NOT listening! The only reason that I'm giving them 2 stars is because the car buying experience itself was great. However, their service department needs some work!
5	We use this location and refer family and have for 12 years. Great experience.
2	Well I like the place but appraisals on my car leave much to be desired. I would advise if you want a price for you r car, don't tell them you are not buying there. They gave me 3K less of an offer than the Kelly blue book for a car with one scratch and in great shape. A little disappointed that I wasted an hour for that. they do have a huge selection though. I had a 2005 Porsche Cayenne and the dealer have me 2.5K more than they offered. I was surprised
