5	I love this store!  I did a gut rehab on my home, and I used benjamin Moore exclusively!   I've gotten tons of complements and the colors rock!The staff here is out of this world!   There is a woman here named Kristy who is a color genius!   I like how they walk you though the process and are so patient!  Very much attention to detail when it comes to the look you are trying to achieve!  I highly recommend this neighborhood store, you will not be disappointed! this store!
2	I wasn't sure about how much paint I needed so I asked for their recommendation and was very clear on what I was painting.  They said one gallon was plenty but even applying it super thin, I was short.  I realize it was just an estimate on their part but it was still frustrating.  Then when I went in to get a quart to finish up I was told they didn't have any quarts.  So I asked for two pints, nope, out of pints too.  They could get it for me in a couple of days but I can't wait (I have carpet coming in 2 days) so had to buy the gallon.  A company concerned about good customer service would've given me the gallon for the quart price or at least drastically reduced the price, but no again.  Not super bad service, but I've certainly had better.  And what paint store doesn't stock quarts?
2	Associate was indifferent to my presence the day I went in.  No greeting, no offer of assistance.  When I asked if I could look at the fan deck, she gave it to me but didn't ask if there was anything I needed help with. I had some questions about paint sheens and products, but getting this young lady to talk was like pulling teeth, and I was the only customer in the place.  The store layout was nice, the color samples were arranged in a nice manner, but I might as well have been invisible.  I'm new to town and was quite disappointed, as a design professional I was used to working closely with BM reps in my home state and I like the product.    I went to Sherwin Williams on the way home and got excellent service.  I have switched sides.
