2	The Encore Theater -- or at least its entrance -- is right adjacent to the Wynn Theater where Le Reve is performed (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-theater-at-wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas). This is mentioned so it is not confused for that theatre. Now, with that being said:Lines of sight are absolute shit at Encore Theater. Sound is fine.I wanted to get that out of the way. (Moving on ...)This venue is where Garth Brooks performs (Lorde, is he awful) and where (Spoilers) Jon Secada may be preparing a run at a Las Vegas residency. I have heard them both perform at the Encore Theater and while not particularly seeking obstructed view seating (and my tickets made no mention of it), I happen to be batting 1.000 for suffering through some obstruction in my view for shows here.In the balcony section, the lip of said structure (not to mention the cowboy hats) may not allow you to see ole' Garth when he is not singing (which is 80+% of the show) or when he is singing (basically, you see nothing, depending on which row you are in). No mention of this anywhere in the 500$ or so ticket. Warning: Seats may have shit line of sight. Let me be clear: I do not mean parts of the stage. I do not mean the extreme corners of the stage. I mean front and centre, right where Garth sets up to talk his nonsense for an hour. The view of that is obstructed. Great venue (sarcasm). In the orchestra section, if one is seated to the extreme sides, the corresponding side of the stage will be missed. Not really unexpected, but for the caliber of theatre this is supposed to be, and the ticket price, one would think that a concert venue inside the building named after a man who reportedly is so involved with everything being built to perfection and exact specifications, would have been designed more thoughtfully. In sum -- Encore Theater could have been built better. "Meh. I've experienced better." - E
3	Encore theater is a smaller venue located next to the Wynn theater.I was there to see the new show ShowStoppers.  The size of the Encore Theater is fitting for the show.  The size of the stage fits the live orchestra well with enough room for the dancers and singers to perform.  Acoustics and speaker system is fine with nothing over the top.  Seating is good since it's a smaller venue.  Most of the seats in the house would be of good view of the show.  The Encore is just fine for some evening entertainment!
3	One of the smaller theaters in town. Every seat has a good view. I have been seated in just about every area of the theater and I have no complaints. Views of the stage are decent and so are the acoustics.Parking is convenient and located close to the venue allowing easy access to enter and leave swiftly.
