4	Pricey hip-hop sneaker shop with some of the more esoteric Nike sneakerhead selections.  Everything sold at retail so no strip markup like cosmopolitan as an added bonus.
1	Excellent example of commercialized hip hop. Nas needs to come back to see how they are running this without him there because I doubt he would be pleased. Employees are rude, they charged me twice on accident and refused to refund me, prices are high, and the whole place just has a very unwelcoming snotty attitude.
2	Mediocre selection, seems to be exclusively male merchandise, nonexistent service.More of a men's boutique than anything else. Maybe guys aren't put off by getting the silent treatment and a stare-down, but I don't dig it.Went in looking for bright kicks for my own midnight runs, but was totally ignored by the long-haired stoner-looking cashier. Browsed on my own and found a limited shoe display with mostly Nike, Adidas, and Puma represented- three monochromatic Air Jordans were available too.
5	I love this place. PJ is a great employee. Very helpful. I will keep coming back for the rest of my life. I'm so happy right now. #worstbehavior
5	12AM RUN (pronounced Midnight Run) is a new age sneaker boutique nestled in between the world's biggest Ferris Wheel and the famous Vegas Strip. Their location in the Linq couldn't be better, as it gets ample traffic but stays away from the chaos of the strip. The shop is good for tourists but is a crown jewel to locals.Owned by world renown hip-hop artist Nas, and managed by west-coast business mogul Nick Sakai, the shop is sure to be around a while. Brands offered at the store were hand-picked by Nas and Sakai, and include The Hundreds, Stance Socks, Herschel Supply Co, Diamond Supply Co, Nike, Adidas, Stussy, Mitchell & Ness, and plenty more. This shop is the best place in Vegas to get your hands on streetwear and rare/exclusive products. The store has celebrity dressing rooms, a DJ booth, and local Vegas artwork. The whole inside is very inviting and open. I was actually amazed at how incredible the inside of this store looked. The employees care about the well being of the shop itself and the community around them. The pricing varies from moderate to pricey depending on which brands you're looking at. 12AM Run also has their own in-store brand that can't be found anywhere else. And they're also starting to collaborate with some of streetwear's biggest names on exclusive in-store only products. The website is still under construction, but is highly anticipated by the store's devout followers. 12AM Run is well on its way to becoming the premiere streetwear shop in Las Vegas.
4	Cool shop, a good selection of stuff to check out.
5	Been here a couple times now and I love it. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable they really know their brands. They also have a great selection of women's clothes and shoes.
