5	Brian the owner is a great guy! I've had him maintain my beach cruisers over the last 2 years before he opened his new shop. I've also referred some friends his way & he's taken care of them. Pricing is great especially considering I order everything custom & you know what that does to the ol pocketbook
5	Awesome location, hip looking facility with lots of great inventory. Brian is a very fair and honest guy and his wife Ashleigh is great, as well as nice to look at :) Go check them out for service or sales as well as lots of bike parts and toys!
5	What a positive experience I had at Freeride. Not being educated in the latest equipment or even what my needs are in terms of the level of rider I am,  I approached Bryan, the owner, to assist me. He totally could have oversold me on upgrades, but after lots of questions to reveal  my level of capability and my intent for future riding,  we settled on equipment that maintains quality and yet is affordable. He told me my bike repairs would be ready by Friday, and on Friday he called me to let me know that he had finished the work but had also observed a slight wobble in the back tire. He said if I would leave my bike an extra day, he would take care of that too. This man is passionate about riding and spends a lot of time ensuring  his  customers have a quality, yet affordable experience. I highly recommend Freeride.
5	I wrote a review for this company before they got their official Yelp site. I've had Bryan build 2 bikes now & repair & beef out 2 others. Always a pleasure coming here & can't say enough about the quality! Nothing like enjoying a beach cruiser bike ride with the fam and enjoying your ride. Thanks guys!!!!
4	Great local business.We just bought a balance bike for our two-year-old here and were very pleased with the transaction. According to one of the owners, they actually manufacture their own balance bikes in the style of the popular Strider bike. We went by to check fit and finish and our little boy picked one up immediately and rode around the shop - we were sold.The only reason I deducted a star is because the paint immediately peeled off the seat tube when I adjusted the seat and tightened the bolt. I imagine it's a shortcoming of the chosen paint adherence, but it surely won't be the only time the paint gets scuffed. Plus, there's no way I'm taking it from my boy now!We'll probably be back to pick up accessories at a later date.
5	Great experience overall. Definitely would buy my next bike here as well. Competitive prices and with the top brands. And you can customize just about anything on your cruiser bike. They put it together for you on the spot and even offer delivery if you don't have an suv/truck.
5	Amazing shop!  Husband and wife owners that do everything they can to make the customer happy. Every time I go on there they are amazing.  I have sent all of my friends there and they are all extremely pleased with their experience
5	Really great LBS. Brian has been very helpful and responsive. No agendas, No games just good service and products.
5	Worked with the owner personally. Could not have been more helpful or knowledgeable. Love our bikes. We will be lifelong customers.
5	My little family has decided to start biking. My son and I picked up some simple bikes from walmart, but my husband did a bit more searching and found this shop. He told me about this bike he wanted that was 3 times what we paid for mine. Whatever, my husband works hard to play hard so I went along with it. The owner of the shop gave us a great deal on the bike because it was the tester. Cool. He was very nice and accommodating. We went on our first family ride tonight. Holy crap my bike sucked. My husband told me to swap with him to give it a whirl, um yea. My bikes getting returned and I'll be back to this shop to get a better bike. Apparently you do get what you pay for.
5	This bike shop is awesome! They go above and beyond to put together your dream bike, I could not be happier with the customer service they gave me and the wonderful atmosphere this shop brings! DEFINITELY recommend them :)
5	Came back for my bike and they customized it at no extra charge. Amazing little shop!
5	I have been a customer of FREERIDE BIKE CO. since it opened on Power Rd and Ray and I have loved this place.  The owners Brian and Ashleigh Morris have bee wonderful in helping obtain what I need for customizing my bikes and purchasing bikes I can play around with.  they have the best and most friendly service, great knowledge, and very good mechanics.  Their bikes can appeal to those who are on a budget to custom bikes which you can put as much into as you want.  This bike store has all your needs and if they don't they will help find, locate or order it for you.  Stop by and check out their new location opening soon.  RIDE HARD AND RIDE LONG!!  THANKS FREE RIDE!!
5	Wanted a nice cruiser bike that was not like everyone else's.  Brian & his team were the absolute best! They had so many nice bikes to choose from,  lots of styles.  You can customize it to your hearts desire if you wanted too. Very friendly & helpful. I purchased a great bike & they helped me achieve what I wanted. The sky is the limit here from beginners to the most advanced rider. I would definitely recommend checking freeride out if your looking for anything bike related.I will be going back for more awesome add ons!!!
5	Where do I start? I found Freeride Bike Co just by chance, I was simply looking for a cute quality basket liner for my new beach cruiser that I had just ordered from another company in here in California. Well little did I know that one basket liner search would lead to two basket liners a new basket. Oh and a new bike from Freeride. Yep I cancelled my other order and bought a bike from Freeride. You might wonder why I just did not locate a shop in California that sold Freedom bikes, well that would be because none of the shops I have been to or seen online market their bikes such as these folks do not to mention take care of you like these folks do. I say these folks because I do not know the owners wife name but what I do know is that she handles her business and runs this place very well.  They are simply amazing and can't wait for my bike and liners and all the other stuff I bought to arrive.  Did I mention that the owners wife makes all the basket liners herself? The quality in these liners appear to be amazing, I will let every person that I meet that likes my liners know that they MUST buy from Freeride Bike Co.  I can't wait for everything to arrive. I am so excited. Thank you so much for being so helpful.  I can't wait to share photos of my bike once I have it all together.
5	This place is great ! They moved from the Power RD location to Valvista & main. Don't let this fool you, the quality of bikes and customer service is way better than any other shop. My wife wore out her cruiser from Walmart and decided in a good quality bike. Needless to say we both walked out with new bikes and my wife got a sweet basket and line that doubles as a purse ! Don't waste your money on a $100 bike at Walmart when you can get a bike intended to ride smooth and comfortable! The owner Brian is great too! Thanks guys!
5	Hands down best bike shop I've been to! You can't go any where else in town and have this great of Sevice and they have every bike under the sun literally..... Mountain bikes, road bikes, BMX, Fat Tire, stretch cruisers, classic beach cruisers, fixies, trikes they even sell used parts and vintage bikes!!! This shop has it all do yourself a favor and stop in there. Plus your keeping it local at a mom & pop shop
5	Freeride Bike Co. is the best!  They customized my entire bike.  I think the chain guard and frame designs are my bike's best features!  They were custom designed (pinstriping) to match my basket liner.  My ultimate dream beach cruiser!  I'm VERY pleased with the finished product!  Get a new bike or your current bike customized by them! They rock!   #FreerideBikeCo #Mesa #BestLocalBikeShop #CompleteCustomization #AwesomeOwners
