1	i have been here several times me my wife and my kid     normally its  ok to great  but the new girl cutting hair is a retard!!!!!!!!!!!!!  one side thiner than the other     one side burn higher than the other      would not use the same color she used the last time   would not cut my hair or my wife's the way either of us wanted    wtf   and the price she charged each time is different   for the same exact service   and then tells me not to put a tip on my card because something will happen       i will never come back never ever           i have spent thousands here    what a waste   they do a nice job on nails tho
5	My BF got a haircut from this salon a week ago and what a hot man I have. The haircut looks fabulous. It's the best one he's had since we moved to Vegas and it only cost him $10. He said the appointment was quick & easy to make, they got him in & out in under 30min. He's not sure the guys name who did the cut but it was a young looking guy. This will be his salon of choice from now on with all his hair needs.
1	Nail tech did a decent job, she was too gentle though and the place was very hot!
1	hey guess what? Had a gift certificate...got pedi mani & wax. When i went to pay i found out they are under new ownership even though it is the same place they wouldnt take the gift certificate! Crap! I asked to speak to owner...no answer. Just sorry! Btw the hair salon is gone inside too.
4	LOVE this place. Cindy is the owner and is the only one I let do my nails when I go there. She's such a sweet woman and gives such awesome service. She also does eyelash extensions for an incredible price and such great quality. Only downside is you usually have to make appointments prior because she's always busy.
5	Most of these reviews are from before Cindy, the current owner took over. I go to inferno Pilates next door and decided to come in and get a gel manicure on a whim. The owner (and only nail tech) at this place is Cindy and she is AMAZING. I moved to Vegas last November and haven't found a place that always delivers exactly what I want. Cindy is very thorough and takes her time, she is a perfectionist! My mani and pedis last for a full 2 weeks and even longer and they are flawless. She has great gel color selections and is hands down the sweetest lady! You have to book an appointment with her because she fills up but is usually very accommodating. I'm so happy I found my new nail lady in Vegas I won't go anywhere else :) thank you Cindy!
5	Been coming to this nail salon for over a year now and Cindy the owner has always went above and beyond to take care of me. Cindy takes pride in her work and her services she does. Customer service is at the top of her list. I am thankful I found her and wouldn't go anywhere else. Kuddos to you Cindy for everything you do for us. :)
3	Sandra is the reason to come to this place. Wherever Sandra is I go because not only is she best nail tech, she's a funny person who always makes my time there worthwhile. Do yourself a favor and book with Sandra! Message: miz.sandra@yahoo.com
