5	Great place! Discount Tire sent me here for alignment . Clean helpful and fast! The front desk guy Jameson is super nice too.
5	I've used Gil's Automotive for the last 5 years. They are located at Sunset and Boulder Highway. Their work is amazing, their rates are fair, and they are BY FAR the most honest mechanics I've ever found.Several times I've dropped my car off to have work done, and he's called to tell me it wasn't necessary, and he didn't want to charge me for work i really didn't need to have done. Also, every single time I've picked up my car, my total bill was actually LESS than what he quoted me. (Sometimes $2 less and sometimes $20, but still...that is rare in Vegas.)I have sent him about 6 other customers, and they all love him as well.You will not find a better mechanic in the Vegas Valley.
5	LADIES you ever need your car fixed and have no idea what is wrong? Go to Gil's Automotive. Gil and his staff will let you know what needs to be done, how much and how long it will take. Plain and simple honestly and professionally. If someone told you something needed to be fixed they will let you know the truth. I can't recommend them enough.
1	My car needed a new fuel pump - I dropped my car off at 8 AM on Friday - I had to call them at 4:50 PM to see what the status was of my car and they had not even looked at it yet.  I was assured someone would look at my car first thing Monday morning and they would call me to let me know what needed to be fixed.  At 9 AM on Monday morning, I call and yet again, no one had looked at my car yet.....at 2:30 PM on Monday, someone finally called me back to let me know that yes, it was my fuel pump and it would be $684.02 - I said please proceed - can I pick it up after work?  Nope - they won't start working on it until Tuesday morning.  So, I call at 10:30 AM on Tuesday - they still have not started working on my car.  At 4:30 PM on Tuesday, they drive MY car to pick me up....mind you, they changed my fuel pump which means I have no gas - I just about ran out of gas on my way to the gas station.  Here I sit, 2 weeks later, riding the bus because my car is broken!!  I would take it back but I'm afraid they will hold my car hostage again.....OH - and the price they quoted was exactly what I paid.
5	Since I had just bought a new set of tires, I got the tip off from Discount Tire to use Gil's for an alignment for our Benz..The MB dealership (in LA) wanted over $200 for an alignment.  At Gil's for Discount Tire customers it was $50! Yahoo!  Can't do much better than that.I also got the sense that they are a great find for automotive service.  Will be taking the Benz back there for a brake job and my Caddy needs AC work that I will have them look at as well.
5	Came here for an alignment on the Lexus.Not only was the service friendly, but the prices are as good as it gets anywhere in town!I only paid $50 to get aligned.  Not only did they do a better job than the last TWO places I've been...I paid LESS money!  That's all you really need to know LOLToo bad it is soooo far away from my house...but in my case, it's worth the drive knowing it'll get done right at a fair price.Thanks guys...I'll be back when I buy the new wheels/tires :)
5	On our way here on the 23rd from LA, started having car problems. The next day, the car was even worse. Got a recommendation to go to Gil's. It's Xmas eve, and they were open later. The guy at Gil's was super nice and honest. He got the part and fixed the car up quickly! They are a lifesaver as we could of been stranded. Would highly recommend them!
5	I really like these guys. They were courteous and professional. I was very impressed with their affordable pricing. I could tell they took pride in their work, and for me that's important. If you really love what you're doing then you're going to do a better job.
5	I came in for a "check - up" before driving to California to make sure all looked good. Took about an hour and a half in and out, and I was very thankful for their help & expertise. No charge was great (as I didn't need anything done thankfully) - I will be back for any future auto repair or maintenance needs. Thank you!
5	Brought my 1990 Nissan 240sx for an alignment and these guys are great.They guy's at Gil's automotive are top notch, not only where they friendly and totally professionally , they took their time and made sure my car was done right. I don't feel comfortable with anyone working on my car but these guy's made me feel right at home.Would highly recommend and will do business again. Thank you guy's for a wonderful job
5	Hey guys I am a manager for Discount Tire. I had my car serviced at Gil's ,there isn't a more honest friendly place to go to for all your auto needs.Ask for Gil or Jameson. I'm glad I found a place with honesty and integrity. It is far a few these days.Give them try you won't regret it.
