3	Star of India does Indian with white tablecloths and silver serving dishes.  Regardless of whether or not it says spicy on the menu, it isn't unless you consider onions spicy.  Good food, but nothing great.
4	Pros: cheap lunch buffet, convenient location for CMU students, good for meCons: not great for those looking for super-spicey dishesStar of India reminds me of that one summer in Pittsburgh -- the one when we worked all the time and only had a weekly break...to come down to Craig Street for the lunch buffet.I can't take too much spice (I mean, do you really want to see me with tears running down my face that much?  Yeah I didn't think so), so this was a good place for me.  The lunch buffet is relatively cheap (~$8).Service is always attentive.  We never felt ignored.But to showcase Pittsburgh?  Not really.  Go to Oakland instead.
3	Very traditional north indian food spiced at gringo level.  I like that they have toned down on the creamy sauces and have lentil soup (dal) and chick peas on the buffet.  It is not well known that you can do takeout from the buffet for $6 (they give you a styrofoam container and you can stuff it as much as possible). This is a good deal and can't be beat for quick, especially when you have had it with campus food.
4	Star of India is my bf's favorite place to go for a good inexpensive lunch buffet near CMU.They usually have a selection of about 4 stews/curries, tandoori chicken, pakoras, plain naan, palau rice, salad, and sweet rice. They also have some pretty decent mango juice. The place is pretty spacious, and even if the restaurant is full, I feel like I can breathe. The service is friendly, my water glass is always full, and they're not above asking whether you're done with your plate if they're not sure, before they take it away. (I somehow find it upsetting, in other restaurants, when I have to take a restroom break, to find my half-full plate gone when I get back).
3	Just finished the buffet lunch at Star of India. Food was decent and servers were pleasant, but nothing special and there weren't very many options in the buffet. For $9.60 it seemed a bit overpriced -  I would recommend Tamarind instead.
2	I've only had their buffet during lunch time.  Its selling points are: convenience and efficiency.Located on S. Craig St., it is about halfway between Pitt and CMU and across from the museums -- good for a quick bite between meetings or classes.And the keyword here is *quick*. Since the lunch buffet is basically a self service, you can come in, get a table, and immediately begin to stuff your face. As soon as you're sated, the waitstaff is happy to bring you the check and get you out the door so that your table is free for other customers.The buffet food is pretty plebeian: bins of kormas, saags, basmati rice, and naan heated by kerosene.  Not a wide selection, but you can have as many servings as you care to eat.  The rice pudding is usually the highlight of my meal (not because it's especially good, but just because I have a sweet tooth).If the option permitted, I'd have given it 2.5 stars.
2	I've had better Indian food, much better.  Not spicy at all.
5	Best Indian food I've ever had.  Period.I can't believe the ho-hum reviews here!  I've since moved to LA, and I still cannot find good Indian food around here.  Star of India is the bar by which I judge Indian food.It seems the reviews are based on the lunch buffet.  I've never eaten this, but have always gone for dinner.  Beautiful pillows of poori bread, light and warm.  I have dreams about how good the curry lamb is.  Perfectly spiced, in a rich, creamy sauce with a wonderful texture.  This can be spiced as hot as you'd like.  Super tender lamb.  Served with basmati rice, roasted ever so slightly in olive oil.  Fragrant mango lassis.  Candied fennel seeds.  My mouth is watering writing this!Nothing is ever fried in a vat of communal oil, greasy, nor a mushy mass of non-descript starch dotted with frozen vegetables (as other restaurants have served).  Totally worth it!
3	This place is nothing great.They serve very little and they charge a lot.But the food is obviously edible.I think it's a good place to entertain non-Indians.And oh..the food gets really spicy if you ask them for 6 on the scale of 10.  Next time you freeze in Pittsburgh,you know where to go to melt down ;)-Smriti
2	Mediocre Indian at best. The restaurant is very crowded, they are often out of several items, and a bit on the pricey side. You can get much better Indian elsewhere in Pittsburgh and spend less.
2	Star of India is only good if you go to CMU and if you don't feel like going to India Garden or a better Indian restaurant further away from campus. They do have some good naan but the service is slow and not very good. The food is also not very good. The lamb vindaloo is the only thing that I'll eat there. The chicken tikka masaala has way too much butter and cream in it. When it comes to the spiciness of food, a 6 is extremely spicy. And I do like my curry spicy. Overall, don't go here unless you can't go to India Garden.
3	Totally middle of the road mediocre Indian food.  Service is quick, we had to eat quick and did, and the buffet served our needs.  I've had better and worse Indian food.  It's not spicy at all, for those with timid palates.
4	We checked this out for the first time last weekend, and I am really disappointed that it took me this long to ever come here!  (I must admit - I'm a former South Oakland resident, and will thus be Dirty Souf 4 Lyfe, so crossing that magical border of Bellefield Avenue into North Oakland is kind of a stretch for me!)On a Saturday night, it was pratically empty, so we had very attentive waiter service.  They were great with refills and prompt delivery of our food (and also patience with the fact that we food blogger types have to take pictures of everything before we eat it).They do have a wine list, and while it's small, it's also relatively cheap.  The bottles were all less than $30 each, and we got a nice shiraz to go with our dinner.We started with the samosas, which were quite good, but standard, and then, in a flash of greatness, the words 'vegetable chat' caught my eye on the menu.Vegetable chat is this thing that I love, that I've never known the name of.  It's a cold almost-salsa-like dish made up of chickpeas, potatoes, onions, and Indian seasonings, then topped with crunchy crackers (the same consistency and flavor of the samosa shell), yogurt, and tamarind sauce.  It's like a less-mayonnaise-d version of potato salad.  Oh, how I love it!  Star of India's was absolutely perfect, and I'm so glad I took a chance on ordering it.However, not wanting to step totally out of my comfort zone, I ordered my typical mattar paneer.  It was good, and not a huge portion, so I didn't feel compelled to just keep eating and eating the deliciousness in front of me.My husband got the tandoor mixed grill, which had chicken, shrimp, and lamb.  He was crazy about it.  Like most Indian restaurants, you can pick the level of spice for each entree.  The garlic naan was ridiculously puffy and buttery, which we loved.We will definitely return to Star of India.  It's much more low-key than India Garden, but the food is just as good.  If you want a nice, laid-back place to have a bottle of wine and some tasty Indian food, check this restaurant out.  The only thing you'll have to worry about is parking, as it's metered street parking only, and this stretch of Craig Street can be busy, especially on the weekends.
3	Went for the buffet. Had been there before, didn't like it as much before, but wasn't as bad as I thought it was the 2nd time around. Would have liked a bit more choices for 9 and change I paid for the lunch buffet though.Will update again if I go for actual entrees. If you go to CMU and are craving Indian food with more choices than the stuff at Resnick and don't mind paying a bit more out of pocket, then do go here. If you are looking for a good Indian buffet with a decent number of choices then you might be better off looking for somewhere a bit further.
5	The buffet here for me would get three stars.  I would, however give it six if I could for the regular entrees.  My partner and I have come here three times and have been blown away each time by the regular entrees.  The Shahi Paneer is to die for.  They do something wonderful with the smokey tomato sauce that just keeps me coming back for more.  The service is super friendly and attentive and the prices are a bit lower than they are at other indian restaurants in the Pittsburgh area that I have recently visited.  Don't go for the buffet, order directly from their menu.
2	As soon as we entered, we were greeted as the norm and were seated.  We got water and were given the menu.  We asked for the specialty of the house, but no suggestions were given.   We asked for the food to be spicy, but were disappointed three times.  Overall, the quantity of the food is less than what you pay for and there is a communication gap as you are not served the food the way that you like.  When we tried to explain that the food was not spicy enough, nothing was done!  We had to pay out of our pocket for ordering another dish of the same vegetable, but spice, not bland.  We spent close to $100.00 and were sadly disappointed as the food was land, with no taste, poor service with jacked up prices.
3	I'm quite torn in writing this review.  The food was so delicious.  The server asks for how spicy you want your entree on a scale of 0 to 10 - 10 being spiciest.  I ordered the lamb curry and went with a 5.  My entree was so delicious and the spice was a little higher than medium, but it was so well balanced.My wife went with a variation on tandoori chicken (sorry, I can't remember the name of the dish).  It came with a yogurt cream sauce, nuts and raisins.  It was also a delicious dish.We also ordered a bread basket (an assortment of naan) and samosas for the kids.  The naan was a hit, the samosas, not so much. My wife and I thought the samosas were great, but it was not a kid pleaser.So the food was delicious, why the 3 stars and not a 5?  It all came down to service.  We came in on a Sunday afternoon and we were the only customers in the restaurant for a while.  The food came out very quickly.  When we tried to tab out, the wheels came off of what started as a smooth ride.I'd hate to be in here when it was busy.  We asked for our check and for a to go box.  Well, that took a while.  When the check arrived, it was completely wrong.  The check needed to be re-run and then we had to wait to process the credit card.  Well, you know the rest...We were so very pleased until it was time to leave.  If the service were a bit more polished, this would certainly get a 5 star review from me.  We might give it another try but it's tough when dining with a family where time is a pretty valuable commodity.
