4	Close to UNLV.It's your typical lil Korean joint. I went last night and had a good time. If you're into cocktail soju, they have many flavors here, such as mango (yum!), lemon, grape, peach, and more. Be aware of their ddukboki (rice patties) because they tend to make it spicy...well, it already is a spicy dish, but go and enjoy yourselves.I believe it's a family-owned restaurant, but please correct me if I'm wrong.
3	The menu was very difficult to figure out. I'm not unfamiliar with most Korean dishes, but I don't speak or read Korean, and there were no transliterations on the menu. The English descriptions were way too vague to know what I was looking at, things like "Beef with Noodles" and "Spicy Kim Chi Soup". I'm pretty sure most people these days aren't going to recognize be bim bap, or other dishes called by their real names. Anyway, I was after some kimchi jigae, so I didn't have to ask much about the rest of the menu items, and the price was right. $3 for a pint of Hite seems like a pretty good deal, too.The sides arrived, and the kimchi and the other pickle was a little too funky for my tastes (meaning OLD). Same goes for the bean sprouts. Potato salad was great, and I'm not sure how one could screw up those little salted fish they give you.The jigae was ok, but not fantastic. Not very spicy, and not as flavorful as most I've had. Not horrible for the price, but I'm not sure I would go back.
5	If you wanna get away from the strip and want to chill at a good old family owned Korean watering hole...this is the place. Get the bossam and haemul pa jun. Mmm mmm. I can honestly say it's better than L.A. Kobawoo's bossam and haemul pa jun. Service is great. The place is clean. It's open until 3am. And the food tastes like good old homemade Korean food. Oh yeah, besides soju and beer, they have hard liquor. I can't get away from Koreatown. :)
3	I have been to this place on several occasions and several more for take out. I am still on the fence with this place. I ordered the bulgogi and it is not bad. It comes on a sizzling plate with lots of onions and peppers with sesame seeds and has light to moderate heat. The spicy beef and leek soup was very flavorful and the spicy pork son sizzling plate was also pretty tasty. The various kimchi selection was OK. The menu is hard to understand because of the lack of description. The service is alright , nothing special. I would go back just so I can try everything else on the menu.
5	Best kim bap in town hands down. Cute waitresses tooI tried some of their soups.  I liked the tofu soup everything else wasn't memorable.But, I guess cute waitresses go a long way.  Oh, sometimes theirs a cute dog hanging out in there. I don't mind but, if you have dog allergies...
5	This is a great Korean restaurant. After san toki closed down, I didn't know where to go to get korean food. Luckily, I found this place. The food is good. Appetizer is good. I'd ordered the bulgogi and spicy tofu soup. A little too much onion on the bulgogi, but it taste fine. The price is a little cheaper than other place too. Setting is not too shabby either. I definitely recommend this place.
3	I'm the mood for some good Korean/Japanese food before partying it up on the Las Vegas strip? Then you should hit up this spot. Yes I said Korean AND Japanese. You can get your Koren BBQ on and have your sushi too. Sip on soju and then do a sake bomb shot. This place is great!
5	My boyfriend and I ate here this past weekend and it was awesome...not only is it cheap, but you don't have to deal with the traffic and rush on Spring Mountain (although there are good restaurants on Spring Mountain as well). This is near UNLV and since we went for early dinner on Saturday it was pretty much deserted. They had the exact dish we were salivating for. It's called Gool Bo-ssam. It's basically pork belly, small oysters, fresh kimchi, and garlic...you slap some of that delicious paste on it and wrap it up in steamed cabbage and there you have it.....heaven in your mouth!
3	We tried Min Sok Chon on Friday night. It's close to my work and across the street from a play we saw that night. I've seen it many times but never tried it as they don't open until 3 p.m. and I'm usually only in the area at lunch time.For our appetizer we shared mushroom poppers ($6.99). They were deep fried mushrooms filled with spicy tuna and real crab. They were drizzled with house sauce which was sweet and spicy. I liked the mushroom poppers a lot. I'm a sucker for stuffed mushrooms. Stuff them with tuna and crab? I'm sold!We were given six sides which were the typical accouterments normally given at a Korean restaurant. We got: Potatoes which were fine, nothing specialKimchee which was tart, not the best I've ever hadBean sprouts which were saltySome kind of greens which had a vinegary picklish flavorDried fish which was crunchy and saltySome kind of squash which was mildly sweetFor our entree we split an order of slow cooked pork belly with oysters ($27.99). When I saw it on the menu, it seemed rather pricey. However, it was huge and one order would have been enough for four people. The dish consisted of pork belly, oysters, kim chee noodles, jalapenos, garlic, and cabbage. We were also given shrimp sauce and paste. The waiter instructed us to dip the pork in the shrimp sauce and dip the jalapenos and garlic in the bean paste. We then wrapped everything in the cabbage leaves. I have never had anything quite like that, and I'm glad we tried it. It was good.We had quite a bit leftover and asked for a box. A few hours later we realized we had left our box on the table. My wife called the restaurant to see if they still had it. The waiter said he wasn't sure as he hadn't had time to bus the tables yet. He said if he found it, he'd put it in the fridge for us. Our play was about to start so we said we'd come by in an hour and a half to see if he found it. When we returned, the waiter said he hadn't had a chance to bus the tables yet and we could check our table. Our table was exactly like we left it. Keep in mind this was 4 or 5 hours later. By that time there were several unbussed tables and the diners were seated at the tables that had not yet been used. I doubt I'll be back. The food was good but not great, and the fact that they don't bus their tables for hours is kind of off-putting.
4	I've actually been here twice already and at the risk of sounding monotonous, I ordered the same dish both times. I had the soondooboo jjigae but instead of seafood, I asked for beef because I was more in the mood for meat... and of course, asked for it to be as spicy as humanly possible. They do a great job with this dish. It is only $7.99 and comes out in a stone bowl with onions, zucchini, mushrooms, beef, tofu.. etc, and it is one of the heartiest stews you'll ever have. The people I ate with both times ordered their sushi rolls and they are fantastic! Great in portion and provides a versatile selection. If you like Korean BBQ but you don't want to spend over $20 per type of meat, this is the perfect spot. The meat dishes are very reasonable in price, ranging from about $12.99 to $16.99 for a well-portioned, hot plate of meat (galbi, pork bulgogi, bulgogi, chicken bulgogi, etc..) If you crave Korean BBQ often, save a couple bucks per trip by eating here. Aaaaand why did I give this place 4 stars instead of 5? The service :-/. We are eating high-sodium, salty, and spicy delicious foods; however, they never came by to refill our waters. We had to get up and walk over to them to ask for all our beverages. I recommend sitting in the front by the door where you can see all the servers so if you need anything, you won't have to hunt them down ;).
2	I came here for dinner BC I had eaten here before and enjoyed the food. Bi Bim Bop sounded good so I ordered that and a spicy tuna hand roll. My starter soup arrived and several sides of banchan. The soup was tasty and banchan was marginal. My Bi Bim Bop arrived and it was hot and the rice was nice and toasted on the bottom. I added some sauce that they left on the table but the flavor was still lacking taste and the ingredients seemed to be really skimpy. Instead of beef strips they give you ground beef. I could'nt even finish half the bowl. When I tasted this dish in K town  Los Angeles the dish had much more flavor compared to Min Sok Chon. As for the spicy tuna hand roll it was also weak, cold tuna but also lacking flavor when I got towards the bottom the seaweed was soggy - yuck! Overall it was a disappointing dinning experience, or maybe I just ordered items they don't do well.
5	If you r looking for authentic traditional Korean food, this is the place! Great service exceptional Korean dishes!
3	We couldn't decide what to do for dinner, so Min Sok Chon we went. We were seated right away, then... the server didn't stop by for quite a while. Our drink orders were not taken until our meal order was taken. Drinks came out as ordered and in a timely manner, the food came out pretty quickly as well. Once our food was delivered, the server did not check up on us. Our drinks were empty, and we would have liked more. It shouldn't be our responsibility to walk up to the cashier every time we would like a refill. The food was good, moderately priced for the quality and quantity received. Ordering take out seems to be the best way to get good service from MSC.
4	Just finishing paying my bill... And I have to say this place is pretty great. Decent pricing, good food, and good customer service. I wouldnt mind coming back again for a late dinner.
4	I needed good food & alcohol so my friend took me here.  The food is great home cooked Korean food.  We had the slow cooked pork belly with oysters.  This dish is fantastic.  Definitely not for everyone because of the oysters, but if you eat just the pork belly and pickled napa cabbage you'd still be amazed how flavorful this dish is.  We also had the potato & beef rib soup.  Loved the soup! It was just the right amount of spice.  We also ordered the candied corn & cheese dish to finish off.  Man that dish is the best drunk food ever!The service is fantastic.  It's a few blocks from UNLV so it is kind of in a ghetto area, but it's the little hole in the walls that have the best food right?  Very reasonable pricing.  Can't wait to go eat there again.
4	BOSSAM! That is the only item you need to familiarize yourself with. It is a boiled pork belly plate with white kimchi, spicy shredded radish, garlic, jalapenos, a soybean paste, and a fish sauce dip. This large platter is enough to feed two people comfortably. Tutorial on how to eat:Step 1- Take a piece of cabbage.Step 2- Dip pork belly in fish sauce and place on cabbageStep 3- Dip garlic and/or jalapeno in the soybean paste and place on meatStep 4- Put some spicy radish on top and foldStep 5- Dislocate jaw and shove it all inStep 6- Chew like there is no tomorrow because I will not be held responsible for choking hazards.I have one friend which I can always count on to go with me for Korean. When the two of us get together, we usually order enough for four. Not exactly sure how large the plate of pork belly was, we ordered the Soondubu (soft tofu soup) as well. Big mistake. The meat was more than enough to fill us and the soup just pushed us over the edge. It was not the best version of Soondubu, but the mushroom flavor in the stock was prevalent and I enjoyed that. Otherwise, there was nothing too special.The banchans were plentiful and replaced without asking. Fish cakes, soy sauce onions and jalapenos, bean sprouts, kimchi, and soy sauce potatoes as far as the eye can see. Most of the items were on the more mature side of fermentation. If sour is not the preferred taste, then Min Sok Chon might not be the place for you. The decor reminds me of many of the bars in the smaller towns. It is cozy and has a rustic feel. The bamboo blinds separates most of the booths and back areas. The cushions are all flat which gave me no support. I have no natural cushion back there so my flat butt was shifting back and forth in a vain attempt to get comfortable.
5	The best Korean food you will ever have!  I definitely recommend this place for its authenticity of Korean Food and its ambience.  Friendly Staff and fresh Ban Chan!I will be back...
5	Friendly service and excellent Korean food. We would visit again.
5	Excellent Korean food.  Good Staff and service.  If your in Vegas and you're craving some Korean food, check it out!  Everything I have tried has been good.
4	Great food, but be prepared to wait a long time for your food to come out. I have eaten here several times now and each time there has only been a few patrons yet the food takes over 30 minutes to come out after you order. Worth the wait though!
3	The food is good but this place has the slowest service on the east side. From the menu to the check, everything takes forever even when there are only a couple tables in the restaurant. I suggest you call 20 min ahead and order before you walk in.
3	Good food. Decent price. Fish with heads still on not my thing.
