4	Nice, clean little mom & pop style place. For about the same price as Subway, you can get a REAL handmade, home-style sub or sandwich featuring high quality "Boar's Head" deli meats on your choice of fresh breads. Pick your meat, bread, cheese, and toppings. They also serve hand-scooped Blue Bunny ice cream (cones, dishes, & sundae's) for desert!
4	Clean n fresh food at a reasonable price. Friendly staff.
4	Amazing ! After an afternoon of adventures through the Apache Junction Trails.We decided to look for a "local" place to eat. By chance we found the best at the Sandwich Shoppe. Friendly service, clean and their sandwiches... Well; delish!  Not only was the bread soft and fluffy "Yummo".  I had the Veggie Sub; all ingredients were fresh and crisp. This been written by a Vegan= veggie snob . The price... outstanding; four adults for 32.00 including drinks. Our group also had the NY special and the Italian.  Everyone was pleasantly surprise.  We strongly recommended.
5	This place is awesome! I had the Italian on wheat, my husband had the chicken bacon avocado and my daughter had the meatball. everything I tasted was delicious. The bread was soft and the meat was amazing! The meatball was covered in cheese and oregano and parmesan.  This place had super fresh ingredients. I will definitely return!
4	Fresh bread, boars head cheeses and meats, clean and cute atmosphere, plus friendly service. I'll definitely be back! The only thing keeping it from being five stars is the need for more veggie options. I'll still take this mom and pops over Subway any day!!
5	Excellent sandwiches, don't bother with subway when you can get fresh boars head products at the same price.
5	Great food and friendly atmosphere. Love this place. My husband and I go here a lot.
5	Had chicken avocado sandwich really yummy! Save room for ice cream! They have Blue Bell!
4	The Sandwich Shoppe has fresh bread and Boars Head meats. The best is the Rubin or Meatball. The sides are above average. Go early or after 1PM if you are not the waiting kind. Yes I would recommend this little shop. Best $6.00 sandwiches in Apache Junction.
5	Very good, great tasting ingredients. Bread was warm and fresh. And my 11 year old loved it!  And great service for Aj
3	This is a cute little place that's very clean. The sandwiches are good but a little overpriced, around $7.25 for sandwich and another $2.50 for side and drink. We got the chicken salad that came on a croissant.  There was a lot of employees in my opinion for such a small place, about 4 and two were kinda standing around staring at us when we were ordering... Kinda awkward. Would probably come back if on the area and try another sandwich, wouldn't go out of my way though.
3	We finally tried The Sandwich Shoppe and loved it! It's cute as it can be, the staff is very friendly, and the sandwiches are great! They have a hidden patio which we enjoyed. I would have loved to give it a 4 star rating but they still have some room for improvement. I just ordered water (in a glass) and it was horrible, it tasted like sewer water. I could have gotten iced tea was but the pitcher was very cloudy, maybe it wasn't, but it looked nasty and at $7.50 for a sandwich with no sides I couldn't see adding a couple more dollars to it for a drink. So, the drinks are lacking and the price is a bit high but we will go back to give it another try because it has a LOT of other qualities that we loved!
4	I had a delish Ruben on wonderful toasted bread and my daughter loved her Chicken Salad.  Fresh and good!
5	We tried their onion soup. It was so, so good. Now I crave it.  It is such a nice homey and comfortable place. They are always so friendly and welcome you right away. If you haven't been there yet, you just have to try them. It's quick and very reasonable too.
5	Love the fact that they are a small sandwich shop, fresh bread, and Boars Head Meats.  Congratulations on expanding your little prep/kitchen area!
3	Food is great but a bit overpriced and not so friendly staff. Love their sandwiches. Cute inside atmosphere.
5	Went here for the first time yesterday and can't wait to go back! The staff was super nice and the food was delicious.  I've lived out in AJ for almost a year and can't believe I waited so long to go here. Everything tasted fresh and the servings are perfect size.  When we left we did not feel stuffed but we felt satisfied. I had the New York sandwich and my husband had the turkey bacon Ranch.
4	Much better service this time!
