1	I am a big fan of Mr. Inspection of Charlotte, on Lawyers Road near Harris.  They have done a great job with getting our cars inspected and up to speed quickly for the last few years.  Service is always good, their computer system prints out nice receipts of what was done, just the kind of place that keeps me happy.This is not the case with Mr. Inspection of Mint Hill, so I'm assuming that they are franchises - and I don't have time to look.  I rolled in one morning, and though there was no one there at all, it took at least 10 minutes for them to get to me.  In 10 minutes at the other location, I would have been close to done.Finally they get me checked in, so I sit down and they start taking care of everything, and when I'm done - 15 minutes later, I get a handwritten receipt that I can barely make out - for an oil change.  To make matters worse, it's more expensive than it is down the street.  And when I take the car into have it checked for an inspection the next week at another shop?  They tell me I need to have an oil change because it looks like nothing has been done in at least 5000 miles.
5	I went in today around 3:30 and they were busy! I was pleasantly surprised that they got my vehicle in and out in Less than 15 minutes!  No more waiting around in understaffed Charlotte businesses! I know where I'll be going!
5	I have been getting inspections for four vehicles a year at Mint Hill Mr Inspection for the past five years. I have always been able to get in and done quickly when the car didn't need anything else done. I try to always go during the off peak hours. I call before I go and they can tell me about how long it could take. The machines that hook to your cars computer also have to go online with NCDMV to upload your readings. That can slow down the inspection process as well sometimes so be patient.
5	Took my vehicle there on Wednesday, Calvin was very nice and assisted me in getting my vehicle inspected.  I was in and out in fifteen minutes and they were busy.  Good service and fast.  I will be returning,
