1	Please save yourself. Don't do business with these people.If I could give a negative star I would. I write this review to warn others and to try and spare you the headaches that we have experienced.  You are welcome to contact me with any questions and I am happy to share any documentation you would care to see.So here is what happened:We had Troy Lowe, Field Supervisor and the sales guy out to look at some windows for replacement on a home we had purchased.  Our first experience was good, we got a good price and they were able to provide us with the custom windows we wanted.  We decided to move forward and Troy was scheduled to come back out and remeasure the windows just to make sure everything was right before fabrication.  Troy never showed.  Instead, we were assured that they had what they needed.  About two weeks later we got a call that our windows were in.  We scheduled installation.  The windows were installed on November 10th.  The crew was polite, helpful and careful around our newly installed landscaping.  During installation a problem arose.  The windows, while custom made, were not the proper depth.  After installation, there was a 1/2" to 5/8" gap all the way around each of the windows.  A 1/4" or less is standard.  I had three construction guys out to take a look, including a licensed general contractor and every one told us that the window were either measured wrong, made wrong or installed wrong - the gap was too big to caulk and would need drywall and joint compound.  We called True View on the 11th and talked to our customer service rep, Rebecca, to let then know about our concerns and to work with them to get it resolved.  Rebecca assured us that our happiness and customer satisfaction was paramount to the company.  We assured Rebecca that we were happy to work with them to achieve a solution that worked for both sides.  If we could find a way to fix the gap on the inside we were fine to keep the windows. We understand the cost of re-fabricating the windows and our goal was not to put a local business out of business.  The four weeks that followed have been a trial of patience, rudeness, lies and excuses from Troy and True View Windows and Glass.  We have been completely renovating a house for 14 months and this is by far the most offensive contractor that we have dealt with. The lack of integrity and transparency has been shocking.Troy, Field Supervisor was scheduled again to come out and take a look at the problem.  Troy never showed up and never called to say he wasn't coming.  I called again and this time Troy called me as said that he didn't need to come out and not to worry they would take care of the problem.  A couple days later two guys showed up with about 45 tubes of caulk.  The guys told us point blank they were instructed to caulk the windows and nothing more.  We stopped the guys and told them that caulk was not a suitable solution.  They told us that is all they had and again told use they were instructed only to caulk.  We asked them not to waste their time or caulk given the caulk around the South facing windows would have to be replaced every one to two years or so.  We didn't bargain for windows that would need that kind of maintenance every year or two.  We were looking for a solution that would last as long as the windows - a permanent solution. The next two weeks was a comedy of cat and mouse as we tried and tried to get True View to come out and finish the job as promised.  There was always some excuse and finally I had to threaten to have the credit card charge reversed to get them to move.  Finally on 12/7/11 Troy showed up with some metal "U" channels and said they could glue them to the fronts of the windows to cover over the gap.  That just wasn't an acceptable solution and not what we had previously agreed to.  I guess Troy doesn't know that open air space around your windows is bad for the HVAC bill, especially when it is 114 degrees.  We called True View the next day and explained that we had a painter on-site that would do the repair with drywall, etc. for $330.  True View refused stating they preferred to have their own people do the work.  We said fine and asked when they could come out.  Amazingly every day we were available - they were not.  In the end, we will replace the windows with windows that actually fit the opening from a reputable company.  We will have the True View Windows carefully removed and will ask the Contractor's Board to instruct True View to come get their windows as part of our formal complaint to be file this week.  If the installation was this bad, we can only image the nightmare a warranty item would bring.  It never cease to amaze me, especially in this economy, how foolish people can be.  With so may good businesses going out of business it is a shame to see a bottom feeder like this still in business.
4	Maybe there was just one bad apple?  I had a great experience with True View.  The phone customer service, follow-up, follow-through and on-the-spot estimates within just a few minutes of calling.  The person showed up on time to measure, was friendly and quick (must not have been Troy!) The installation went smooth.  The price was good.  Easy does it for us.  My only disappointment was that I wished they had color selections to view on their website or in-person.
1	I am please to report that after filing a complaint with the Contractor's Board and the inspector's visit, True View agreed to reimbursed us $370 for the cost of the drywall work to close the 5/8" gap around the windows. It is a shame that escalation was necessary.  It is a bigger shame that we were unable to count on their professionalism to solve a problem that they created. Of note: The windows will remain installed on the front side of the house.  The rest of the windows in the house will have to come from another vendor.
5	Called several companies and this was the lowest quote by far. Setting up the install was easy and Chris from True View did a great job!
2	Very unorganized.  I had received multiple quotes and conflicting information regarding not only price, but time frame to have glass made and installed.   I will never use or refer anyone to this company.  Great customer service, poor execution.A few weeks back I had to smash my window in my house because I locked my keys in my car.(this was a tuesday)  If it wasn't for the fact that I had to make a flight within an hour I would have called a locksmith.  Long story short, I made arrangements with several companies to come and do a estimate for window replacement.  They all informed me that there would be a 3-5 day wait for the window replacement.  I called True View Windows and they informed me that I would have same day service to include glass replacement.  WOW!  I canceled all the other companies that were scheduled come out.  The next day (wed) I had a technician come to my house to measure the window, he informed me that it would have to be custom made.  So, obviously same day service was NOT an option. He told me 3-5 days.  While he was there I had him measure my windows for screens, I thought I was going to have it done anyways, why not kill two birds with one stone.  Jeff, the technician was very professional and friendly.  He measure all my windows and gave me samples of screening to play with.  We were talking about the 80% and 90% screens.  He informed me there would be no difference in the price if I chose either.  So, he did the measurements same day.  Again he was very professional and friendly.  The next day (Thursday) I got a call from TRUE VIEW.  Got the time frame (3-5) business days for windows and an estimate for screens.  Screens were really highly priced 3 little block windows 12"12" (approx 1 sq ft each)  were going to be over $350.  In addition to that they told me there was a difference in the price for 80% to 90%.  I called on friday to get an idea of when my window was going to be ready.  When I called the woman told me 7-10 business days.  I had already left a deposit with the initial order.  I couldn't believe it.  I was hoping that window would be ready for installation for the following TUE- WED, I had cleared those two days.What happned to 3-5 business days? Well, those days weren't an option either.  Friday was the only day it could be done.  I told them I had a 5pm flight to catch on friday and if I could have an early morning appt.  They said it wasn't possible because the TECH has another apt that day.  Do they only have 1 technician?   My suggestion is get estimates and use another company.  As much as I appreciate great, friendly customer service, great service doesn't make up for my financial loss (rearranging schedule) or frustration
4	I had contacted 2 other possibilities for doing my shower glass installation. 1 gave me 2 different prices for the same work, the other didn't return calls.True View was professional, walk through questions patiently and when it came time for the installation; they were on time and completed the job in one visit.I am really happy with the service and product I received. Yep, I recommend them.
5	Movers had recently broken the glass top on my coffee table.  I kept putting off purchasing the replacement - why rush?  Before I knew it, I had a dinner party scheduled for the end of the week and I was staring at a gaping hole where the glass top should have been.  True View to the rescue!!  Within 2 days (... yes, 2 days!) True View had placed the order, measured/cut the glass, and it had ready for pick up!  Even better - they did it with a smile and friendly customer service.  Everything was smooth, from the ordering process to the pickup.  I'm very happy that my coffee table has a new glass top - but even happier that I found such a great, local company!Oh... and the party pulled off perfectly!
5	Great product, excellent service, great installation. I would highly recommend this company!
4	I bought a sliding glass door felt strip from True View.  I took a picture of the door and showed it to the sales.  IWC Co. Was the mfg.  I was sold the wrong size seal.  When I called to ask for the correct seal, they demanded $185 for a trip charge just to look at the door.I was very disappointed in True View, however, we were able to settle the issue to our mutual satisfaction.  I would recommend the company.
5	I had the company install two new ThermaTrue french doors replacing the sliding glass doors. Mario, David, Troy and Judd did a great job of coordination to make sure that the work was done right the "first time".  Quality of work was excellent.  Workmanship was great.  I used to work in Quality Control and understand when the job is done right and all the contractual requirements are met.  True view Windows and Glass exceeded my expectations.  I highly recommend them for any glass, windows or door work.
5	I had the company install two 8' Fiberglas french doors.  The service after installation was super.  There were few warranty issues about the door hinges and framing.  The office admin lady Rebecca personally followed up on every issue.  I will hire them again.
5	I used True View for scratch removal on four French doors. Jeff did the work and I was completely happy with the work and professionalism. I would highly recommend.
5	Had a very good experience with True View.  Their staff was professional and delivered as they had promised.  I will definitely do business with this company again in the future and will highly recommend it to everyone that I know.
1	So far taking four times to fix patio door that they just put new rollers on an had to cut a little off the top. Would not recommend these people unless you want to keep calling them back .
