4	This is a cute little creperie on Ste. Catherine, which we stopped in at for a bite, while shopping. The bottom floor is mostly dominated by the counter, with a couple of small tables. The second floor is all tables, with lots of windows giving a nice view of the street, and an open balcony concept, that allows you to look down on the bottom floor. This place is mainly counter service, though if you're eating in, they'll bring your crepe to your table when it's ready (drinks are picked up at the counter when you order.)They have a rather extensive menu with lots of options. Some of the crepes have a different price if you're doing take out vs eating in, though others are the same price for both. I ordered the spinach egg & cheese crepe and a London Fog. The crepe was nice - good thickness and texture and the batter was fairly neutral - not salty, not sweet. It complimented the filling very nicely. The egg was scrambled and kind of cooked onto the crepe like a coating, which was a rather nice way of combining it, and the cheese was plentiful and melty. The spinach could have been cooked slightly more but overall it was really good and quite filling.The London Fog was the best I've ever had. I don't know what they did differently from other places, but it was really amazingly good. Mmm, I want one right now.I quite enjoyed eating here. I'd like to go back and try one of their sweet crepes. They also had some wrapped dessert squares by the till - I don't know what they were exactly but they looked to die for. I was wishing I wasn't quite so full when I saw them.
4	At the very end of Crescent Street in busy downtown Montreal is this small but bustling cafe. Stop in from some shopping on the avenue Sainte-Catherine. You can get a decent crepe here with some hot or cold coffees, which you will be rushed into ordering at the counter, and you will get it delivered to you as you take a seat. Expect crowds and you may as well just go upstairs and grab a seat and wait a bit. The food is fine ---my Nutella and strawberry crepe, with the creme chantilly--was delicious and substantial. The iced mochas were great too, and just what we needed to get back on the street to shop at the Puma store and the Tristan store down the street.
2	Very subpar in every aspect.  I'd like to give it one-star but I'm strangely in a generous mood today.Had the ham and cheese crepe.  The crepe is overly sweet; very stingy on the fillings; a paper-thin sheet of ham and some sort of runny, bland tasteless cheese.The coffee tasted as if it had been sitting in the thermos since early morning-which it probably was.Overall not good and expensive-$16.  Granted it is Montreal and it is on a prime location.  Still $16 is in no way justified for the lousy crepe.
4	What a cute little place this was.  Spend a few days in montreal last week for work and had some time to myself, so decided to walk through the Cresent/St. Catherine area. On my flight I had read an article about how delicious a Montreal bagel was so I decided I needed to have one even though the crepes smelled amazing! I had a delicious latte and my sesame bagel (that is how a montreal bagel comes - sesame) with cream cheese. I have to say, it was delicious, not sure what it is that makes it so good, but they are good!  My latte was good too! I actually found all the coffee I had in Montreal to be quite good compared to Los Angeles....who knew? Anyway, this is a small but charming little cafe. Hope to be back in Montreal again sometime for the crepes!
4	Not bad, a little bit on the expensive side, though. Had the strawberry nutella crepe. I am new to the crepe scene, so far I am liking it.  Will come back to try breakfast or lunch crepe & will report back.
1	I stopped by Paris Crepes my first morning in Montreal for a late breakfast.  I walked in and there were two employees behind the counter - neither of whom could be bothered to greet me or offer any assistance.  I arrived at the cash register where the cashier just looked at me until I placed my order - a cafe au lait and a crepe with apples, cinnamon and caramel.  I placed my order, paid and sat at a table.  The cashier brought out my cafe au lait and it was terrible - completely undrinkable.  It tasted burnt.  While I waited for the crepe, I took note of the Starbucks across the street and thought about the vanilla latte I would be getting after I ate.The crepe arrived a couple minutes later.  It looked beautiful.  Unfortunately, the filling was ice cold and the crepe was chewy and lukewarm at best.  Honestly, it tasted as if it had been reheated and given how quickly it arrived, this was probably the case.Neither employee ever said another word to me and were nowhere to be found when I got done eating (I was hungry and had spent $17, so I powered through).  I'm sure the filling was not supposed to be cold, but I have no way to verify this.I recommend avoiding Paris Crepes at all costs.
3	The place is way overpriced for What i got. I understand that theyre located right in the middle of downtown but the food was really just average. I tried the Volcano, which just had brownie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and whipped cream on the side. Took me less than 5 minz to finish because the brownie had coconut and some other stuff in it (I hate coconut) and the ice cream serving was just small. I gave an extra star for the fast service and the really nice presentation, because first when you look at the plate first, mouth starts watering automatically. BUT, definitely was not worth 7-8$ that i paid excluding taxes. Tip: only come here when you're in downtown with no where else to go..... and with big $$s to spare
4	Located on the corner of Crescent, this delectable gem offers a fantastic menu of made-to-order crepes. I had a heavenly one that had dark Belgian chocolate, Bailey's Irish Creme and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. One word mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Cost was about $11.50 CAN. Well worth it. Seating here is limited downstairs but there is more seating if you follow the back staircase to the loft above.
1	Hi. I agree with the many comments regarding improper service and price. Here's my story about this place, which we will never visit again:Cashier girl, horrible service. Couldn't care less, so little that she carelessly put my coffee on the dirty tray but placed it on the lip, having it almost spill all over my red coat. Our order wasn't big, and she absentmindedly forgot that we ordered water also. No coffee fixings were given to me when I initially ordered the coffee so I had to get up again to go back downstairs to get the milk / sugar, no sooner after I sat down on the second floor. When I first ordered, I noticed the top tray she was giving me was really dirty and sticky. I politely picked up the next few underneath hoping one of those would be cleaner, but no, all the ones I saw were sticky & dirty.Customers who arrived AFTER us were receiving their orders before my husband and I. We waited about 45 minutes for two breakfast SANDWICHES. No, that is correct, we did not even order a Crepe because we found the prices to be too expensive. Paris Crepe is a HUGE disappointment. DO NOT GO!
2	Definitely underwhelming. The ham, egg and cheese crepe was bland. Service was slow.
4	We had to have crepes while we were in Montreal, so on the last day we decided to stop off here. This place is goooood. I got the chicken salad, spinach, and cheese crepe. It was frikkin AMAZE! Like so good! my mouth was jumping with joy hahaha. It was filling and delicious and all the right things. I would for sure come back here again and again! WOuld like to try a dessert crepe one time. The odd thing though was that mine was folded up into a sqaure shape....never seen a crepe served that was before lolMy one complaint: There are 2 levels, but only the downstairs where you order has AC. When we got there the seat downstairs were full so we had to sit upstairs and it was HOT. Not cool- no pun
1	One of the worse crepes we ever had... it was our first visit in Montreal and what a big disapointement. Let me start by saying that it didn't taste good at all the crepes themselves were very chewy and almost tasteless if it wasn't for the toppings it would've been simply uneatable. The second worse thing was the pricing,  we had 3 crepes and 2 chocolate milks ....over $35 ...I mean come on the chocolate milk was for $5 ...its. insane...I don't recommend this place for anyone not if it was the only open spot.I usually don't write review but the disapointement did hit me hard this time.
2	Definitely Not the best place for completely overpriced crepes but it served me well when i needed one after a particularly heavy nite of drinking. It was pretty much the only restaurant opened that wasn't creepy or gross on CrescentI like the savory (beef, mushroom, cheese) crepe better than the other 2 we had (strawberry ricotta and banana nutella)The crepe itself is very mediocre. I'm not sure they know how to make a crepe...it was just a thin doughy thing that held the rest of the stuffing inside.
1	So I went to montreal on a family trip and was stuffed the whole time I was there and not able to try the crepe stand that stays open until 2 AM WOW!!!.... Looked yummylicious. I got all different kinds the nutella with strawberries with raspberries with spinach and egg and cheese yum yum and the apple tort caramel. All of them were okay nothing out of the ordinary. I ordered it and the cook who was making it ran downstairs I was going to head to the airport so I said let me pack my bags up in the car a block away and come back in ten minutes. I didn't come back till 20 mins later they only finished two crepes. It TAKES 30 seconds per side to cook and maybe a minute top for the toppings. WTF!!!!! All these new people had crepes and I was late to a flight sitting waiting for another twenty minutes. I had to go on a later flight. SLOW SLOW SLOW and not worth the troubles. When I came back the lady said we switched cooks and shifts... PLEEEEAAASE do not play me for stupid I know that asian was the same asian as earlier 3 minutes top per crepe... excuses excuses
1	It hurts to even give this place 1 star. WORST SERVICE EVER! it takes 25 minutes for a ham and cheese crepe ti be ready and they forget the sauce. I once stopped by to get three bottles of water. They gave me 2 warm ones and a cold one. It took them 6 mins to get me 2 glasses of ice. This place shouldn't be open, it's a crime.
4	My boyfriend is a Francophile.  So when vacationing in Montreal we had to get crepes it was more then a want it was a need. I had fallen off the crepe bandwagon many years ago, due to having soggy crepes served to me at outdoor carnivals like the Pittsburgh Arts Festival, but Paris Crepe has won me back.I ordered the strawberry crepe and instead of being stuffed with strawberry flavored jelly it was actually loaded up with real fresh cut strawberries. The crepe was expertly made and held it's shape well and the warmness of the crepe melted the nutella into the strawberry. It was Heaven on a plate.  My hubby ordered the caramel apple crepe. Wam bam thank you ma'am I'm talking flavor overload. This was a meal where I actually savored and paused between each bite.
1	We love crepes and were recommended to ths place, what a disappointment, Really disappointing, over priced, , dirty , dirty place, I guess the department of health never inspects. Take a pass.....
3	Nice Location, Average Food!With ample seating and relatively quick service we found this crepes place to be just okay.  My wife order a Caramel Macchiato and the Strawberry and Nutella Crepe and I order the Apple and Caramel Crepe.  Mine was nothing special whatsoever, the apples were watery and the whole thing lacked any real flavor.  However, my wife enjoyed her drink and her crepe overall.  She wished however, that they placed more strawberries throughout the crepe.Nice place to go and sit above the streets of Montreal and people watch while you enjoy good conversation, and average French Breakfast food.
3	The Nutella and banana crepe is to die for! The crepe Suzette was just so-so. They have too many coffee options that are not listed on a menu.
2	mehhhhhhhh. Pretty plain, served lukewarm.  Upstairs level was covered in garbage, so almost no tables usable, because the server downstairs was busy eating a sandwich (not even putting it down while taking orders or anything).  Brought us our crepe --- with no fork or napkins or anything.  So unhelpful.
3	So many tourist reviews on here! This place is sooo popular, it's in a prime location.The crepes themselves are good, but nothing special. Very overpriced. When you order a chocolate crepe with bananas and strawberries, it's basically just nutella and very thinly sliced fruits you barely get a full mouth feel. And that'll cost you around 12$.There are other places in town that'll serve your similar crepes, like Yeh!, the frozen yogourt shop actually serves the exact same thing for a fraction of the price.Juliette and Chocolat, another hotspot for dessert lovers will use real chocolate, not that processed nutella spread.I've tried their cheesecake as well at Paris Crepe which was very good, but everything is just too expensive for what you're getting.There's nothing authentic or french about it either. The place is run and owned by Asians, not french people.
2	The crepes were too chewy and hard to cut with a knife, the smoothies tasted like artificially sweetened tang and overall the price was way too much for what we ordered. The only reason why this place gets 2 stars was because of the nice staff.
5	It's hard walking passed this place without smelling the crepes they're making! It's almost impossible to walk by and not want to eat there! I ordered the nutella and banana crepe! Paid about 10$ and it was worth every bit of it! People usually have a hard time finishing their plate and I can't blame them!I really enjoyed it  and can't wait to go back!
3	Ideally situated for tourists, those strolling around downtown, and of course, all the late night food seeking people out there, Paris Crepe seems to be a great little place to go into.This place is really a hit and miss. Initially, the name threw me off...I really did think the  kitchen was Parisian. But I was extremely mistaken. These are just normal, nothing special crepes that are either good or terrible.Any of the ones with chocolate are usually ok...But don't get anything with cheese in it! I made that mistake a couple years ago and ordered a cheese and apple crepe expecting an amazing molten cheese with crunchy apples.......What I got was a crepe filled with soggy and very watery apples, topped with burger sliced processed cheese. Last time I ordered a crepe from there!Portions are quite large, and they also have some great soft served ice cream. Overall, a 3/5 for inconsistency!
4	We stumbled into Paris Crepes on our way back to our B&B and it was one of the best desserts I had in Montreal. I had the crepe with strawberries and bananas (possibly raspberries as well) in some sort of light caramel sauce and my hubby had a crepe with Nutella (boring!). My beautiful fruit crepe was amazing and we owe a debt to the girl at the cash register because DH was considering one of the manufactured looking brownies and cakes and she warned him away and directed us towards the crepes which were way better and fresh! If only you were a country away :'( Definitely go there and get yourself an amazing crepe from some very pleasant people!
3	Heard about it from some friend. Well, it was ok but not as good as I expected. But nice view from the window on the 2nd floor.
3	We really enjoyed this place.  They service was really fast and friendly.  The layout is very cramped, so if you are looking to sit with a group of...lets say 3, you may be out of luck.  The crepes themselves were good.  They had a good mix of savory as well as sweet.  They also made some unusual pairing, like Nutella and cheese.  This is actually very good.All in al it was not a bad outing.  They keep good evening hours, so you can enjoy dinner.
3	Nothing inventive. The crepes were decent but overall kind of plain. We got butter and brown sugar. The top layer had all of the flavor and the rest was just plain crepe. The walnut and honey crepe was literally like 4 scoops of whole walnuts drenched in honey. Guess there wasn't anything too exciting in the description that I should've expected haha $8 though... There were however some other interesting items like a bailey's creme and raspberry one I wish I tried. Perhaps those would be better. Maybe will try again if I'm in the area.
4	Food- Crepes look delicious- We didn't eat here, but I watched them make the crepes and trust me, they look good and I'm sure they taste great- A lot time taken for presentation of crepe Drinks- Slushee tastes great- Iced coffee, this is literally coffee poured over ice lolService- No issues, they were great
2	Had a savory crepe and wished I had gone for a sweet dessert crepe option. The crepe was underwhelming and dry, barely recognized it as a crepe.  However I also tried the dark chocolate mousse cake which was delicious.
2	The order was a ham-cheese-egg buckwheat crepe and a lemon-sugar regular crepeCrepes looks gold. A lot of attention is given to the presentation.The buckwheat crepe lacks of taste. It was serve with a horseradish sauce but I prefer a flavory dish than a plain one with a fatty sauce.The regular crepe has an unpleasant chewy texture.
