3	Went here for Friday Night Fish Fry (after reading a decent review of the place from one of the fish fry ranking sites).  The place is T-I-N-Y tiny, but that's not a bad thing.  There are a handful of tables around the outside of the bar, and about 25-30 seats at the actual bar itself.  A low ceiling lends to the really smallish feel of the place.Great jukebox, great service, good value.  We really enjoyed hanging out at the Villa Tap.  Drinks: we tried the whiskey old fashioned sour.  Lost points for not being muddled and for not using Squirt.  It was decent, regardless, and a great value; three old fashioneds came in at under $10.Food-wise - mixed results.  The appetizers (onion rings and cheese curds) were excellent.  Some of the best we've ever had, even if the curds were "out of the box" curds.  They were cooked perfectly, didn't show any signs of grease, and were absolutely wonderful.The fish - we had deep fried cod all around - left much to be desired.  It was cooked better than any other fish we've ever had - it was so perfectly prepared... the batter was light and crispy; it was served piping hot; no signs of grease - it had all of the makings of a great fish fry.But it was too fishy tasting; not in a good way, but in a bad way.  Cod shouldn't have a strong fish flavor.  Save that for bad Ocean Perch or Smelt... and that's what this cod tasted like.  :-(  So, despite being prepared to perfection, it failed to deliver on taste.The fries were perfect, which is such a shame.  The Villa knows how to fry a mean dish - just wish the fish wasn't so "off" tasting.  We'll give them another shot, though.  I'm sure the burgers and other offerings are going to be good - The Villa was spot-on with everything else, so the fish may have been a fluke.Villa Tap = No Win/No Fail - it's a tieService = 4 stars (fast, prompt, spot-on)Food = 2.5 stars (fish = fail; all others = win)Value = 4 stars ($40 for 3 people with appetizers and fish)Misc = 4 stars (atmosphere, homey feel)Definitely a great little bar; we'll give the fish another shot at some point and we'll certainly try the rest of the menu items!
5	One liner:  perch rocksIf you are looking for an awesome perch fish fry, Villa is your place.  One of the best I have eaten...light greasing and no grease.  It is Canadian Lake perch if that matters to anyone.Small and cozy neighborhood bar!
4	This is a great example of a typical 'local color' Wisconsin tavern/grill ! Friday fish,reasonable beer/drink prices,and outstanding service. Fish was exceptional ,both perch and cod.Slight personal preference to cod.  Owner  is cook and keeps things running smoothly.In spite of no longer being in Mad City cocktail book,still a solid 4 star for what it is..
5	My husband and I love this little gem of a neighborhood bar. We are constantly on the hunt for best "bar burger" (so we have a lame hobby...whatever, it's fun!) and we agree that Villa Tap is one of the best bar burgers in town. Jenny St ground chuck, fresh veggies on the burgs, good bun, also they have good apps (love the cheddar broccoli bites)...all good so far. Good Bloody Mary's too. We haven't tried the fish fry yet, but it's on the to-do list. We actually went there for Valentine's Day - wanted to avoid the crowds, in the mood for a good cheeseburger, etc - had a great time. The burgers were top-notch, jukebox is great (they have a weird abundance of live Dead, which is great). The regular customers are nice and friendly also - it's not an intimidating "townie-bar" (hello, Tip Top!) but the regulars are SO nice and fun to talk to. Owner Chico is really nice, and we love that he's going out of his way to buy local ingredients and beer. He's got House of Brews on tap even! Unusual fact - the inside of the bathroom stalls are painted with chalkboard paint and have chalk available to write messages. We really don't have complaints at this point. We're excited to try their brunch soon!
4	A very typical slice of the Wisconsin bar scene.  Low key, no frills, tasty food and a wide variety of beers.  Jukebox with a little bit of everything and pool tables.  If you want to be sociable, you can sit around the bar, or if you want to hide out from society (as I often do) you can sit in the backroom and drink.Food was good, but, again, no frills.  Burgers come with chips on the side if you don't order an appetizer of fries.  I heard a few customers raving about the fish fry and it seemed to be quite popular.  We got there at around 8:00 and dinner was winding down.Cheap, too.  About $60 for two burgers, eleven beers and a shot.  Don't ask me why I thought it'd be a good idea for my date and I to drink that much alcohol, but luckily Villa Tap is close enough to walk to...
4	So close to the airport, but remains off the grid. The Villa Tap neighborhood bar looks as it hasn't changed in forty years. The wooden bar is topped with a baseball cards that have a laminate over them.Want to drink? Stop over. They have friendly bartenders and great prices. The bartenders do a nice job on the bloodies and Old Fashioneds.Want to eat? Om nom. They have some type of food every night, but their Friday fish fry is worth going. The perch or walleye is what you should get. Even though it was busy when we were there, the servers were funny, had a good attitude, and our food came promptly. They know what the hell they are doing.
5	If you are looking for a no frills Friday night fish fry that will blow your mind, this is your place. I am giving this place 5 stars because it is wonderful for a very simple meal, with excellent service.  We had a little trouble finding the door (the entrance is in the back facing away from Packers Ave.) but once we walked in and sat at one of their wobbly tables, we were instantly greeted by our friendly server.  Though the bar was busy, we got our drinks immediately, along with a basket with two basic white bread rolls and coleslaw.  All very standard issue.  The fish was another story. Whoa.  I got the Canadian perch and my boyfriend got the Canadian walleye.  The large single piece of walleye was lightly breaded and fried perfectly.  It was buttery, non-fishy, and totally delicious.  The baked potato that came with it was pretty standard, but good.  The perch was battered differently in a thicker, more crunchy coating.  The little strips were just AMAZING.  I got a pile of 7 or 8 strips that I honestly couldn't stop eating.  The fries were done to perfection as well.  My boyfriend and I are somewhat light eaters in general, but we cleared out all of that fried goodness in one sitting.  On the way out the cooks from the back yelled good bye, the bartender wished us a good night, and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar, but their simple menu is done right.  I never thought I would like a place so much that doesn't have salad on their menu, but I anticipate we will be back many many more times.
4	Really enjoy this place.Cod is still exceptional.Prices up a bit due to cost increase on fish.Service continues to be friendly and attentive.Added bonus,they are in Madison Cocktail book this year.
5	Looks sketch from the outside, but true fish fry happiness awaits! I have been going to this place for about one year.  The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.  I had an amazing hamburger instead, meat from Jenifer St Market. Besides the first time, I have always gotten the fish.  The perch is amazing and be sure to get the loaded baked potato.  The craft beer selection is impressive.  Chico-the owner is usually cooking, it's a small kitchen, so be prepared to wait, but it's worth it. My fiance usually gets the walleye and loves it. It's now my go to place for fish!
3	8/17/13  It's close to the airport, Mallard's baseball, and Ale Asylum.  We took in some of the preseason Packer game, had a few brews, and what I'm told is the best burger in town.
4	We gave this a try after reading about it on madisonfishfry.com. Glad we did! We split the walleye and the perch - both were excellent, and worthy of 5 stars on their own. Washed it down with a good Old Fashioned. The only knock I have is that the sides - coleslaw, rolls, fries, and loaded potato - were just average. Otherwise, this was a great find and worth the trip over from the west side!One piece of advice: We got there on Friday at 5:15 and it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out. The table next to us had people sit down at about 6:00, and they were told it would take an hour for their food to come out, so get there early!!
3	I stopped at the Villa Tap the other day for a cold one, and to watch a little bit of the Badger game.  I haven't been to the Villa Tap in years. The place hasn't changed a bit.  Great neighbor hood bar.  The only down fall was--it was a little busy and took a little longer than I would have liked to get me beer.  Other that that great time--tap beer $2.50.
4	Came in late on a Friday night. Were able to get the last order of cod they had, so went with one cod and one walleye. The cod was done really well, walleye was above average but not the best in Madison. The owner was behind the bar frying the fish. Was awesome getting to see him in action, hand breading every piece and frying it up to a perfect golden brown. If you love fish at a dive bar, this is your place. IF you are looking for more of an ambiance, go elsewhere. Good, solid food with no frills.
