5	Been going here for years. I even go back here for service though I moved across town years ago. Pat, the manager, is always friendly and helpful and you can trust the staff to tell you what you need and don't need done as far as your car. The one time they messed up they stripped my oil pan plug and sent me to a nearby Goodyear store to have it repaired at their cost. First rate business!
5	This place was awesome!! It took maybe 15 minutes for an oil change and they cleaned the windows. Very efficient. I will definitely be going back.
5	I love this place every Wednesday is lady's day which means $5.00 off your oil change, plus they wash the windows and vacuum the car AND they are normally done if less than 15 minutes. They also have a free fountain machine so load up on Diet Coke while you wait...it makes getting your oil changed not so bad!
4	Faster, less expensive and friendlier than jiffy lube. I was in and out in less than 20 minutes.
5	Just moved to the area and found this place on yelp. Was fast and not that expensive. The customer service was excellent. The manager helped me and was super nice. Definitely will be back.
5	I can't stress how quick the trip was.  It literally took the estimated 15 minutes for an oil change with some typical car checks.  It was nice that they vacuumed the front seats and cleared the desert crust off my windows.  Fair price with a nice smile.  My only complaint is that I'm not a women to take advantage of their $5 off Ladies Wednesday.  Maybe in another life.
4	Came here on Ladies $5 off Wednesday so my charge after taxes was $33.87. They told me 20 mintues and 20 mintues later they were done with my car, awesome! While the short time I was waiting they did offer free fountain soda and coffee. They were nice and didn't try to hit on me like some of these cheap oil service places (I don't have a big ego , I'm positive it happens to most women who walk into those places). Also they top off most of my fluids and didn't sel to sell me anything extra like an air filter. Though they did suggest I needed to replace my wiper blades (but honestly that's because they really do need to be changed but not at $12.99 a blade in this city. Not only did they clean the outside of my windows but ALSO vacuum my floors, too cool. The only thing I question is that on my service information under Spare Tire, the cashier put Checked OK. Now, it is very hard to get to my spare tire, you have to a trick to jimmy the lock open since they key hole broke off on the glove compartment(don't ask) and that's where the release open button is and the lock on the outside is broken so really nobody can get into my trunk without me showing them how. Hmm, did you REALLY check? I'll come back, but you better believe I'm questioning how they "checked" it. Otherwise, good place.
4	They quoted me 15 minutes, and just 10 minutes later called my name to say it was done. Quickest oil change I've ever had.Paid $38 and some change with the $5 off Ladies' Wednesday discount.
5	Awesome!   I got my oil changed and tires rotated in about 15 minutes.  The prices are totally reasonable.  The guys were friendly and approachable.  I felt completely comfortable there the entire time.  At the end, he went through everything they checked in my car, told me which fluids were fine, which ones they topped off, and which filters were dirty and needed to be changed.  Over all, a fantastic, quick, and easy visit.  I will definitely be back and I highly recommend this place!  :-)
5	Absolutely wonderful! Won't go anywhere else! Thanks guys!!!
5	Always nice, fast and professional. Go here so you don't have to worry about the B.S. you might put up with at other places.
5	The staff is very accommodating and friendly! I live in Scottsdale and drive to Phoenix to see these guys. Best service, fast, and affordably priced. Won't go anywhere else.
5	I don't know beans about cars. I knew I needed my oil changed. I turned to Yelp and lo & behold these guys are right around the corner from me. They're awesome!There wasn't anyone in front of me so my oil changed was lickity split fast. (I wouldn't have had time to read the magazines I brought...had I remembered to take them out of the car. D'oh!)When I pulled up a nice man explained the pricing structure and services available. Seemed about right so I said, "Sure!" I filled a cup in the waiting room with Diet Coke and sat. Mid-drink I heard, "Your car is ready."No way!During check-out another nice man reviewed the services performed. He also explained that I could come in between oil changes. For what? To have whatever goes on underneath the hood (my words) liquids topped off.I hopped into my much cleaner car and was out of there! (Bear, my car, was in need of a vacuum. Now he's in much better shape.)Yay!
5	Fast is fast..But faster is fastest. Avis, whom has no website or real web presence, is a quiet little  oil change spot whom is doing a damn good job....and fast. Let me go further...~The Good~So fast. They change oil like Usain Bolt runs laps. Thats fast. I am trying to set a record for usage of the word "fast" in a Yelp review. I might have already hit it, which would be super fast. But not as fast as Avis. It took them about 20 minutes to do my change, which included topping off of fluids, lube, filter change, and a general inspection. They also cleaned out the front seat and vacuumed it. This sounds too good to be true, but it isn't. They are efficient and fast, like a cheetah on the prowl.~The Bad~In the day of the Almighty Groupon (praise be unto him) a $42 oil change sounds like a lot. But I did get the high-mileage oil change, which increased the rate. Overall, this is the worst thing about the place. Most people, though, will gladly pay a couple extra bucks to get out of the place without getting up-sold by some grease ball and on with their life.~The Downlow~Price matters to me, but so does the commodity we are talking about. The commodity here, is oil changes....fast. They also checked my fluid levels properly, as well as lubed me up and checked general maintenance. Well worth the price. They get 5 stars for speed of service, efficiency, customer service, speed of service (again ;-D ), and array of services. They offer more than just a simple oil change: they offer a fast oil change with great service and a number of other maintenance items or suggestions if needed. They get the Jefe Endorsement of Awesomeness! Stop in, this place rocks!
4	This was one of the most pleasant oil change experiences I have ever had. No waiting and it took them about 15 minutes to complete the whole thing. Everyone was friendly. It was great! It was a little expensive at 40$, but I would gladly pay the price to not have to wait there for 2-3 hours....everyone knows that is just awful. I'll be back.
5	Yes you can go on-line and get your coupons for $20 oil changes and deal with sleazeballs trying to tell you everything that is wrong with your car and wait an hour for it.OR you can pay a little more to have peace of mind that 1. All fluids are checked.2. Inside of car is vacuumed.3. Nicest guys that work in a shop.4. No high pressure sales.5. ALL within 15 minutes.OH AND...Wednesdays are $5 off for the Ladies :)It can't get better than that. Go and see for yourself. (never before have i felt like a damn commercial...it's just that good!)
5	Super fast and efficient.  Came recommended by a nearby garage and did not disappoint.
5	Today, first thing on my list was to get an oil change.  The dealer was an option, until they forgot to take my coupon off the price last time I went there.  When I called them out on it that night they said, sorry you have to present it at time of service.  Which I had done....  I'll never return to Camelback Toyota.Next, I've done my last two at Mobil1 on 10th Ave and Indian School.  That was where I went this morning.   20 minutes and there was nobody to talk to me.  I saw there were guys in the pits, but nobody up top.  I left there, and later in my travels I stopped at a Jiffy Lube (against way better judgement) and the guy there handed me a clipboard and told me to fill it out, and I'd be out of there in an hour.  He was wrong, I was out of there in 2 minutes.I came back home to unload my purchases and dry cleaning and came to Yelp.   Hmmm, highest rated joint was just down the street at 36th and Indian School.  I refresh for an hour and then head back out to Avis.OMG.  Full service oil change.  In and out in 20 minutes at the most.This place is tops.If you want to save a buck, not your place, but if you want a quality full service fast oil change, this is the place.  It will be my oil change place for as long as they are doing it the way they do it.Remember, full and excellent service has a cost.  They cleaned my windows, checked all of my lights, aired my tires to my wishes, and used the products I asked for.I don't care if your car is worth $10k or $100k, this is the place you want to be.  They may charge you like the dealership, but I've waited 2 hours at the dealership.  Speed has a price and I'm willing to pay for that.
5	I'm relatively new to town and was searching for a great spot to get an oil change. After reading reviews and calling a couple places to inquire about pricing, I selected Avis Lubrication.When I arrived, a friendly gentleman met me at my car and asked if I had ever visited the shop. He then asked me a few simple questions about myself (name, address, etc.) and my car (year, make, etc.) Within five minutes, my vehicle was being pulled into the bay and being worked on. I found this impressive considering there were two cars ahead of me. While one employee changed the oil, another was washing the windows and checking the tire pressure. After my experience at Avis Lubrication, I can definitely say I'll be back. These guys are courteous, prompt and efficient. Within twenty minutes of pulling up (and paying less than I was quoted at other highly reviewed spots), I was on my way. Thank you, Avis!
5	I happened upon Avis on accident and it was the best! I just happened to find them as soon as my Change Oil light came on. I was just going home from work, spotted Avis, and turned in. Wednesdays ladies get $5 off any service (a nice surprise at checkout), free coffee and fountain sodas, and Top Gear on the TV (not news or midday talk shows, thank god). I was done in about 15 minutes and no one came to up sell me on air filters or "special oil". They even wiped down my windshield. I will go back when I need an oil change in September.
5	Excellent service, fast and honest, also good price. They always check the fluids and top everything off if needed. There are many options out there but we always come here
5	Hey guys! I'm Darin from Avis lube. As some of you know the 31st of July is our last day of being open(sadly). We thank all of you for your awesome reviews and being great customers! We sincerely are going to miss you all and wish you all the best.
