5	I got referred to Dr Basu after a accident that I got involved in.  She was awesome.  She took her time and listened to everything that had happened.  She didnt want me to have surgery so she sent me to a chiropractor and gave me some injections.  It worked and I feel great.  I am just glad she didnt want to do surgery right away.  If you are looking for a great pain doctor give her a try.
1	I read the reviews for Dr. Basu from other sites, the majority not good, but was sent to her by my primary care anyway, even though I asked not to be. Well, people were right! Money hungry, uncaring, unavailable and more. When I told her I couldn't afford to come in 3 and 4 times a month I was dismissed without warning. After being on the same meds for years, her response was to try to throw me in a detox center. Of course, I'm sure there would have been a kickback for her there too. If you want a doctor who is caring and concerned and has your best interest at heart DO NOT SEE THIS WOMAN!! She is a poor excuse for a doctor.
1	Pain sufferers please beware. I came to the Sans Pain Clinic hoping to get some relief for my Fibromyalgia, sadly I did not/could not wait the minimum 2 hours to see a doctor.  Here is a recount of my experience. The waiting room is very very small (12'x14' estimation) and crammed with 10 chairs, no windows. When we arrived all but two were taken and 6 people were sitting on the floor in the hallway. This small room is filled with 8 other people suffering from extreme pain. To say the least it was extremely uncomfortable.A soldier in air force fatigues was sitting across from me hunched over a briefcase with his eyes closed. A few moments later he stumbled up to the window and told the receptionist he'd been waiting for more than 2 hours and needed to lie down. The receptionist told him there was, "only one more person in line in front of him" and closed the window. He came back to his chair and slumped again.I loudly said, "This is unbelievable, what is going on here?"I was sitting next to a woman who came in after I arrived who explained to me when she sat down she had MS and the usual wait was anywhere from 2 to 4 hours.  She was in an obviously extreme amount of pain as well.A man sitting on my other side started telling me how it used to be a better wait time but in the last 6 months it had become increasingly worse. He mentioned having just come from the burn unit in order to make it to his appointment because if you are even 15 mins late they cancel it, even though they make you wait 2 hours minimum before you see anyone.  Others in the room started to tell their stories of waiting in the tiny room for many hours once a month.  One woman told me she had mentioned the wait times to Dr. Basu, and she merely told her that she herself had been at her own doctor that particular day.  (I have trouble trusting a doctor who would leave the office with a room full of waiting patients in pain)I could not help but be disgusted and mortified at what these poor people had to endure under the poor management of this clinic. I went to the window immediately after hearing these stories and asked the receptionist how long the wait would be to see Dr. Basu. She told me 6 people were in front of me and that I would be seeing whichever of the two doctors could see me, not necessarily Dr. Basu. I told her never mind, please destroy my files I will not be coming back.I am lucky enough to have the financial means to look for help elsewhere, a lot of people are not so lucky. This place is a huge wake up call,  From the time I sat down to walking out the door it had been 45 minutes.When I left the soldier was still waiting.
5	I came into the office as a new patient. I have seen other pain doctors in the past, but none have been helpful. My friend has back problems and is constant pain.  She suggested this lady said she really helped, so I had to come.I was in bad pain that day, hip was hurting.A tall young girl took my blood pressure. She told me she felt my pain.Said she was run down by a jeep. Crushed her hip and pelvis. But she was running around and you wouldn't be able to tell. It gave me hope. She has an amazing attitude and looks like a miracle. She 's gorgeous and is just a shining star. Feels good to have someone understand what I go through.Dr. Basu Is young. Very Very nice lady. She id real smart. remembers everything. She took her time listening to me. Gave me a injection. It made my pain allot better. Now i don't take many pills.
5	Dr Basu is a life saver.  When I needed to get in she got me in right away.I see some reviews of small waiting room but the place I went was huge.  She told me that they just moved.If you are looking for a caring doctor who actually wants to help you get better then this is your place.
1	I have gone to Dr Basu for years and she is a great doctor but her staff needs to all be replaced.  I have waited many times 1 to 3 hours to be seen.  My most recent experience is as follows:I just got turned away at your front desk after driving 50 min to your office.  Claiming I needed 30 minutes to fill out 4 pieces of paper.  I am a returning patient and will never come back again.  They claimed they called me today to be there early.  I never got a call.  How disappointing!
1	They are the worst EVER! They make you wait 1-3 hours every time to see the doctor. They have absolutely no respect for your time, they feel you are lucky to be seen by them and you should worship them. Show a little respect for other people's time, we have lives too and don't need to spend 1-3 hours each time waiting in your office. HORRIBLE!!!
