5	I don't know what other reviewers are talking about, I've been going to this place before Billy came along and he has only made it better, more efficient and I have never been steered wrong at this place.  Nobody I have ever referred to this place has ever had a bad experience either.  Billy runs a tight honest shop and demands a lot from his guys working in the shop.  Billy knows what he is talking about when it comes to vehicles and if he sees something he does not agree with, he will call the mechanic in and have him either explain or show to you.  Honesty is their policy when Billy is there.
5	This place is great. Honest, fast, and always busy, but worth it. Billy is always a cool guy.
4	The dreaded check engine light had emerged; where to go, who to trust, all while keeping the repairs close to home?Living in the area I was referred to Auto Tech by two of my coworkers so I figured what did I have to lose? (Besides a ton of money of course, haha).Had "Veronica" towed (yes, she was undrivable at this point) to Auto Tech on Tuesday morning around 9AM and by 12:30PM on TUESDAY I was told my car repairs were complete!Auto Tech currently holds the record for fastest turn around time for repairs and repair cost under $200! Hey, you have to be thankful for the little things.Everyone has their own opinions on auto repair shops but my experiences, thus far, with Auto Tech have been nothing short of fantastic.
1	This is another example of an auto repair shop looking to upsale and be dishonest. I bought a Groupon online for $35 that included oil changes for a year and as soon as the light went on I sent my husband in with our car. The technician told my husband that our 2012 Nissan Altima requires synthetic oil and that the charge would be $106. Good thing they didn't have enough oil in the shop to do the change because when I called the Nissan dealership they said this isn't true, regular oil would work just fine and that they do the change for $30. I will gladly pay Nissan as opposed to a dishonest repair shop. I will NEVER take my car to this place again even though I only live a few blocks away.
5	This place is awesome and honest! Took my car in for a 90k service, and my car didn't need half the stuff they thought it would. Instead of lying and charging for it, they were honest and I paid about half of what they quoted me! Plus, they always have coupons! The guys here are very kind and really understand good service.
4	Friendly place, they were efficient and fast !! Good place to go for quick repairs (oil change, air filter,..)
1	I brought my car for a diagnostic service due to a failed emission inspection. The Suzuki XL7 is only 5 years old. It seems I changed my battery about 10 months ago and i didn't reset a sensor.I brought it to Auto Tech with a coupon from a newspaper.One hour after I dropped the car off they called me and said it's done. All they did was run a sequence and that's all they did! A few button pushes and ten seconds it's done! $120!!!I presented the coupon just after he swiped my card for $120! The guy said "Oh... I can't honor that! I already swiped your card!"I run a retail store and I'd simply void the transaction and redo it, honoring the coupon.The guy said "you can use this coupon the next time you come in."LOL! Does he think I'm that stupid? I'm never going back! This is the second incident I had with this place. The last time I was there, about two years ago, I went for an oil change at 8:00AM. They said "You're the first one" An hour later a pretty woman went in and they did her car before mine. No reason. I asked the service tech "Is my car done?" he said. OH... I'll get on yours right away... I promised NEVER again back then.
3	Used a groupon for an oil change. Not sure if the clerk didnt like this or something but she seemed pretty rude and impatient.  The male clerk was pretty nice but offered to fix things on my car that didnt need. Overall the oil change and tire rotation was good.
5	I Love this place. Dave, the manager is helpful and most importantly, honest. My 99 Lexus needed a transmission rebuild & Auto Tech saved me 1,500 (compared to the dealership). It now runs like a dream! I'm coming here for everything now.
1	Autotech gave me an exorbitant estimate that I could not afford. A friend recommended a mechanic at K and B Auto Repair, so I went to him and he went and bought the parts I needed, showed me the cost of each part, and then charged me $115 for labor which is reasonable, fair yet sadly very uncommon for mechanics.  He saved me $400.  Please don't waste even $100 for the diagnostic check at Autotech, they are trying to sell parts and they also tack on labor for each part needed, making extra money on people who can't afford it.
1	I'm not sure if this is a coincidence or not-I used a groupon coupon for an oil change.  About 1-2 weeks after the oil change, my service light went on.  I had someone else fix the problem. My father wanted an oil change and so I told him to get it done at Auto Tech and bought a groupon and about 1-2 weeks later, his service light also went on.  I still have one groupon oil change left and but I'm too scared to go back.
5	I LOVE these guys!!  They DO NOT rip women off like other places do.  They explain things, they make me feel like I am in charge.  They give me great advise and they always have the best price.  We moved here in 2011 and I have had several bad experiences with other places so we are so happy that we found Auto Tech!  I would highly recommend them.  They are not rip off artists and they do not up sell you or tell you BS that is not true.  I trust these guys and they haven't done wrong by me yet.
1	I recently went to this shop to get an inspection done and they called me back about 30 minutes later and said that I needed about 1300 dollars worth of service(this includes coolant, power steering, and brake fluid flush which obviously is not an emergency), so I told them that that was way too expensive and to only charge me and only do the serpentine belt(which cost $59.00 for the belt and $100 for the labor)(what labor), it took them a few minutes.. well, the guy did not sound to thrilled about just doing the belt, but, anyway, I did confirm with a Mechanic acquaintance of mine that their inspection was somewhat accurate(some things I did not need at that moment), but the key is this mechanic will charge me $700.00 for all the work that Auto Tech would have charged $1300.00 for. And this is a top notch mechanic whom I know. Bottom line, this place is highway robbery... they claim that sales reps don't get commissions; really?? Well, I am sure they get a nice pat on the back.. this place will overcharge on LABOR AND all these trumped up HAZ MAT FEES and SHOP FEES.. total ripoff! I will never go back there again. AFTER I GOT MY CAR BACK FROM MY MECHANIC, I DROPPED MY RATING FROM TWO STARS TO ONE STAR. THESE ARE ADDITIONAL COMMENTS AFTER MY MECHANIC WORKED ON MY CAR: For this job my Mechanic ended up charging me only $660.00. One thing I forgot to mention as well is Auto Tech also claimed that my tires needed to be replaced(which is complete BS because those new tires came with the car and only 8 thousand miles were put on them since then), my Mechanic also confirmed this as well. Lastly, my estimate says that the rotors will have to be ROTATED(another charged they added), but how is that the case if they are replacing the rotor with a brand new one? So, in closing, I suggest finding another place to service your car, AND, if you are a woman reading this; these Auto Tech sales reps will try and have a field day with you! So, please be careful AND always get a second opinion.
1	BEWARE! MUST READ::::::Where to start. Well let me say I am a female in my 20's who obviously seemed like an easy target for these crooks. I have my personal mechanic who is also a close friend of mine and he usually does everything with my vehicles. I needed an oil change and was impatient, so I made the decision to go to auto tech in anthem because they had a groupon and it was close to home. BIG MISTAKE. What seemed like a simple oil change turned into one big head ache. I took my car in at 9am & was out by 10am. Fast right? That's nice I thought. The man behind the counter said "alright you're all good and ready to go." I left, everything was fine, or so I thought. About 15 mins into driving my oil light turned on and kept flashing and dinging repeatedly. I called auto tech immediately and told then what was going on. The guy said to bring it in they'd check it out. I had work and no time to bring it in ASAP so I brought it in a couple days later because I had checked my oil levels and it was clean and full. They had done the oil change. Cool. So I called back a couple days later asking to bring it in because the oil light was incredibly annoying and I finally had a day off and time to go up there. The man on the phone said he remembered me and said that my car was leaking and my oil pressure sensor was out...umm why didn't they tell me this initially before letting me drive off& even after I called the first day they never told me this???? SO I knew something was up. I brought my car up there and they looked at it and "confirmed" that I was leaking and my sensor was out. They said it would be $200 to replace. Well me not trusting these people I went to MY mechanic who looked at my car and wow. You know what he found? My oil pressure sensor unplugged. Those bastards unplugged it and tried getting $200 from me! Long shorty short, my cars light no longer goes off, my car doesn't leak. It never has. BEWARE OF THIS PLACE! They are just a bunch of crooks looking to pocket people's money. Typical.
5	Great place to take your auto to be serviced.  You can make appointments which are honoured.  Everything is explained very well and the charges are fair. We had to leave our vehicle unexpectantly and one of the upper management team drove us right to our door which was a long way.  This is a rare company that really cares about their service and standards.
4	Four stars indicates that I had a smooth and pleasant experience. UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT according to the clearly newly posted banners. I dealt with Tony both on the phone and in person. I had scheduled an appointment for the next day. As the time of the service loomed closer, it appeared that I couldn't make it at the agreed upon time. He told me to come on if I would like, but I chose to reschedule as it was nearing the end of their work day and I didn't want to inconvenience a mechanic. I was able to reschedule for the following day. My oil was changed in about 15 minutes; just enough time to check out a few posts on facebook and play with the icons on my phone. No attempt at an up sell for anything, although he did explain the mystery clunking coming from my front end. I was up front and said I would probably be taking it to my mechanic, but I asked for an estimate. The estimate was given cheerfully and quickly in writing after he called to check pricing and availability of the parts.The service was to include topping off of fluids, and I haven't yet checked to see if that was done. I know for sure that wiper, power steering and brake fluid levels were a bit low as I had checked a few days earlier. If they are still low when I check later, I will definitely change the rating to reflect that.My reason for choosing Auto Tech was my second purchase of a year long oil change Groupon. I usually use a different location, but chose this one due to its proximity to my home and the ability to get a same day appointment.I am not speaking to any other services that they provide. I only had the oil change service, and I am pleased with my experience.
5	I've been coming here for 8 years and will continue to do so. I like being able to wait in a clean cool room, with my dog. I've always been well-treated and feel they do all they can to accommodate your needs and wishes. And yes they drive me home if I need them to.  Billy is no longer there, despite the photo on this page. I can't help but wonder if it's because of the burglary we discussed that he experienced at his home. I feel I can count on them for anything.
1	Feel taken advantage of...    came in with a problem, 1,000 later still have same problem.. I was told no, its fine.   After another test drive by someone else, I was told another over 900....  feel sick to my stomach...  wish I never came here...
