3	Always had ok to good service here. They permanently closed their drive thru. Not sure why, my theory is the wait time for cooking the pizza. I remember back in high school days, we would be waiting at least 10 mins in drive thru. Better to call ahead and order for pick if not dining in.
4	Pizza affects people in two ways: diarrhea or constipation.  You can really learn a lot about yourself figuring out which one you are...But I'm not here to review the pizza, which has remained (more or less) consistent for the past couple decades (greasy, squishy crust...yum).  I came here to try out WingStreet, which I thought was a restaurant all its own, but is basically just Pizza Hut's retarded step-brother.There are three choice of wings: traditional, bone-in (breaded) and no-bone (fingers).  I stupidly decided to try the breaded with the honey BBQ sauce...it's basically just that; all breading and no meat.  Definitely go for the tried-and-true traditional if you go.  I'm averaging my rating out to a 4, because...you know...it's Pizza Hut.
5	When I came in it was full. But the staff are nice! And they are working hard to please guest. I took a lot of pictures but the staff didn't seem to mind. The place is very very clean. The staff are very respectful and its a nice lil family spot. I'm not into their wings but upon today they were very good. Pizza Hut is famous for greasy pizza but someone is doing something right at this location because the food was perfect. I'm hard to please but this location went above the bar and I will return ASAP. I even sent the husband a text message show case N the pizza. Enjoy the pictures and go visit them soon! I hope it is as good for you as it was for me. People this is a location where they don't offer waiter service but they did on this day. Its so nice to see people cater to you when they don't have to.  And they did it with a smile :) The food was not over cooked was not under cooked....OMG PIZZA-HUT GOT A CLUE AND HIRED A REAL CHEF I BELIEVE.
3	Pizza Hut just isn't what it once was, at least for me.  I remember coming to Pizza Hut for B-day parties all the time as a kid and loving the Pizza as well as the salad bar they used to have.  Now, they no longer have a Salad bar (at this location), and you have to look hard to find where the menu is even at.  The fod was still 'OK', but again not the Pizza Hut I grew up liking much more.  Perhaps my expectations have changed now that I am much older, but it seems like I can get better pizza at so many other places.  The service was pretty good and the place was clean, but I expect better pizza and better wings.  The wings here suck!!  I don't mind the boneless, but traditional wings are crap, they taste soggy.  I prefer a little bit of crunch to the skin, not much, but just a little would be nice.
1	This review and it's ratings are mainly from one so called "Manager." I used to do carryout from this location probably 1-2 times each month, no longer. The last time I was in, I ordered online like I always do, and try and be there when the expected time tells me order will be ready. I showed up 10 mins after the expected time. The young woman took my order out of the waiting oven thing to show me the pizza and wings I ordered. After she very quickly opened the wings and shut them I opened them again to find my wings with about as much bbq sauce you get from one small packet spread out over 14 wings. I asked her if she could please put more sauce on my wings as they barely had any. She told me I would have to pay for it. I told her that every other time I get my wings they are SOAKED in sauce, and I have never had a problem. She then said it there was enough sauce on them, had I picked up my order on time. At first I wanted to get very upset and tell her she is out of line, I am a customer and if I want to show up 40 mins late to pick up MY order I am able to, and I am the CUSTOMER, you have to be taught not to argue with who helps pay your wages. But instead I just asked to speak with a manager. She must have just been promoted recently because she couldnt wait to say, "I AM A MANAGER!" to which I said, ok, this is unacceptable, I show up 10 mins late for my order and there is hardly any sauce on any of the wings, this has to be fixed. She then acted like she was doing me an act of god favor by saying, "OK, this time I will add the sauce at no charge. She was very young, (under 23) plain, short, and hair in a pony tail. The same girl was asking other co workers how to fix my order on the register a month prior, funny she must have been doing something right to get promoted to being a MANAGER so soon! LOL.
1	Awful. Just plain awful.  Service and food. Yeah pizza hut is not the greatest, but sometimes you crave it out of nostalgia. My pizza came out under cooked and soggy. Plus the employees were just rude and super ghetto!
2	Could I have bothered these employees any more than I did by simply walking in the door? A question of wether or not they had salads almost got me killed with a glaring look of disgust that I was even born. That was in fact the only time she actually looked at me. She mumbled a "nope" and gave me my total so I guess I was done ordering. She asked if I wanted ranch with my wings and I said yes. "That'll be 49 cents". Um. Ok Pizza Hut. Pretty cheap to be nickel and diming on sauce that should come complimentary but it's two quarters. I probably vacuumed that off my floor last week. You obviously need it more than I do. So the girl delivered the food to the table, still looking down and not at me. I said thank you and she walked away. Haven't seen her since. Not that I'm expecting a waitress. I'm just wondering who works here. It's literally just me here. I could definitely get me 49 cents back in napkins and straws and sugar packets and no one would know or care. Food was good. It's Pizza Hut. I got what I expected. I'll still order delivery and maybe come back to dine in. It is what it is.
1	I give them 0 stars. horrible service when I ordered online my order was sent to them in error. Evidently they no longer delivered to me they called me and told me they called my order to the correct store and I needed to call them to give him my card. when I called the new store they had not heard from them they called around and 45 minutes after my original order they have just cancelled my order and not done anything with it. Now the wait was over an hour! I will never ever order from Pizza Hut again you guys lost a 10 year customer. when I asked them to deliver it sooner based on the fact that they made a huge mistake not me, they refused. I will tell everyone I know how horrible Pizza Hut is.
1	Pizza was awful. I waited over an hour for the pizza to be delivered, expecting it to be FRESH. But no, the pizza tasted like it was sitting on a counter for a long time, the cheese was hard and not melted, and the breadsticks were stale. Never again.
