1	I am not impressed with this facility. First off, they are in a dog-friendly development (Tivoli Village), and when they are busy or have someone who they deem "important" (local news station) in the facility, they are not dog friendly, and will not so kindly ask you to leave. What is even more tacky is that it was not even a member of management who told us to get out of their store due to the fact that "some kids have allergies". Well if that is the case then maybe upper management should have decided not to open in a dog-friendly development. The truth is, this is a discriminatory retail store, and it is dog friendly when they see fit. If the breed of dog is "offensive" to some people, then they will play the allergy card to get you out of the facility. I have been in the store during the week, with two large dogs and there was no issue, however on the weekend and with a different dog, the story changes.  Let me add that, all of these dogs are professionally trained. They are not jumping on anyone, trying to play with children's toys or rubbing against any of the clothing or fixtures in the store. This is simply a case of a member of the store wanting us out, and losing a customer. I will never patronize this facility again. And in the process will be saving myself a great deal of money due to the high class rates.
2	I was surprised at how horrible the customer service was when I was here. And when i had questions for them they were clueless on in info I wanted. They need to put a gate on the top of the stairs before someone kills themselves. Its sad that they are not on the ball with safety. The place was clean but very small.Oh..they also make you park your stroller downstairs so if you have a fancy one..bring your lock cuz anyone can walk off with your stroller since no one pays any attention to anything.
5	I read some of the reviews from earlier this year about this place and I have to say that I couldn't disagree more! According to management, Kidville has gone through some serious staffing changes and I think they are for the better. Their current staff are talented, personable and all about the kids. My niece had so much fun at the Rockin' Railroad class that she could not wait to return the following week. Check out the Fall Semester classes! Tj, one of the conductors, is great!
1	I was just killing time waiting for a friend when I spotted this place.  I have a small niece and nephew so thought why not check it out.  Upon entering I noticed a no dogs allowed sign which I thought was a little odd because Tivoli Village is very dog friendly.  But upon entering I saw what I thought were salon stations so maybe it's some kind of health code rule.  I was the only person in the store minus the young lady behind the counter who appeared to be texting but I can't be sure because she never looked up or even acknowledged I was in the store, even when I was by her at the register.  I browsed for a bit, noticed the prices seem extremely high and and still not so much as a hello.  I can guaranty won't ever get my business!
5	I felt I needed to leave a review in defense of one of the best kid-centric spots in LV. The people who are complaining about dogs not being welcome are missing the mark. This is a business that caters to families with small children. Most parents do not want strange animals around their toddlers (me, I am talking about me) and yes, allergies are also an issue. Also, we've been members since they opened and have never had an issue leaving our stroller downstairs. If you come during a class you will see what looks like a Bugaboo/Orbit showroom. I have never heard anyone having a problem. As I said, my family has loved Kidville since they opened. We had been patrons of Gymboree but found it so lacking we were excited to see this amazing new facility open. The first person we encountered was Melissa Weiner, the Mayor (Kidville speak for Manager) she had just moved from NYC and was super excited about the opening. She won us over with the awesome classes. So far my son has done soccer, art and rockin' railroad. Once my daughter came along we were excited to do We Wiggle Giggle which is easily the best baby class I could have imagined. Then she moved on to We Wiggle Paint and Giggle and Rockin' Railroad. The latter is something both my 4 year old and 1 1/2 year old can do together, it has a full, live band (!) and is full of awesome local families. We are in their Playspace at least once a week, more during the summer when it's 200 degrees outside and the park=child abuse. Basically, I can't say enough good things about this place, its staff, the facilities, the kid's salon and especially the classes. Yes, the boutique is pretty expensive but they carry some cool clothes that you can't really find anywhere else in town. Besides members get a pretty good discount. We plan on being members as long as we live in Vegas so if you can fathom leaving your dog at home and want a great place to bring the little ones Kidville is it.
3	the place is nice and clean. the children's hairstylist is really nice and seems to love kids. however, the front desk/ cashier staff needs a lot of improvement.
5	My lil one attends class here and she loves it.  Her teachers are so friendly and  allow her to participate fully on her own level of comfort.  Since she is only 2yrs old I am able to go to class with her and sit back and watch her enthusiasm and independence grow. She attends Mess Lab and learns a variety of things. We go to the toddler play gym after class and she plays with all the great kids and toys. The bounce track is fun and we are still working on the courage for zip lining :) I love how comfortable she is there and how excited she gets when its "school time " . Miss Julie & Miss Janna are great. The management is awesome. ....thanx Melissa.
1	Finally done shopping/going here. The staff is horrible rude and unhelpful, not once but 3 times I had issues with the hairstylist. I have also shopped here a lot but after being asked to leave when I had my hypo allergenic dog I was over it. Thank you Kidville I will buy my daughters clothes at Nordstroms and Saks.
5	Retail: I have shopped in the store many times and have always had a good experience with the staff and the variety of merchandise. I love that it is located right off the elevators from the parking garage and directly across from the kids park! My son always loves riding in the airplane (which is for the haircuts) while I shop and no one ever tells him to get out, even though we're not getting a haircut. Party:We went to a party there on a Sunday and every kid had a blast! It was well organized, clean and felt very private. The worst part was getting my son to leave when it was over! But he took an amazing nap when we got home. Class:Your first time is free so we attended one and I found it to be very educational, musical, and fun. It was similar to a Gymboree class, but a bit more spacious. The gym is similar to Desert Gymcats, but on a smaller and newer scale. Prices:Yes, it is more expensive than your other options in Vegas, but you get what you pay for.
5	My lil guy just had his first haircut here and the lady was so sweet! It was past his nap time and he's 18 months, so you can see we had a bit of a struggle. He cried and cried and she just kept cutting away. I was so scared I went there only for him to cry and not get his cut, nope, she just kept playing with him and tried redirecting him. The staff also helped by bouncing a ball which kept him distracted. The cut was 30 minutes of almost non stop crying and she never made me feel bad and said it's totally normal. I will definitely be back if she will have us again. At first I thought a kid haircut for $24 was pricey, until I saw what she had to deal with, TOTALLY WORTH IT! She even wiped off all of his snot after she was done. I've tried trimming my sons hair at home, but after we lost part of his eyebrow, decided to go to the pros. I like that this place has a big Elmo in the store so he gets really excited to see him.  If you're getting a cut, BRING LOTS OF TREATS!!!! She told me when I made the appointment and boy did that save us!
2	Great concept, not so good on execution!I wanted to love Kidville really bad, the concept and sheer location is perfect for my little dude. But sadly this Kidville fell short of expectations.Located in Tivoli village, Kidville is a 2 storey children focused entertainment and education centre. With classrooms located upstairs and downstairs a kids clothing and hairdresser section.The first time Visiting Kidville I took my son to a class for a trial. Being my first class I found it a little hard to find the actual room upstairs. It's a bit of a maze, so ask around.Being only two kids in the class I thought maybe this would be a great way to get acclimated to the classes. We had sing along, building exercises and arts and crafts. These were ok but my son was more interested in eating the glue and glitter that was given to him. I felt the staff were not bad and they had some good times with my son but I felt maybe the age group attached to the class was maybe a little off.The second time I came to Kidville a haircut was needed as my son was rocking a pretty sweet mullet, and his hair was slowly covering his ears. So when we walked there were 4 staff members all chilling behind the desk. I asked about a haircut but they said the hairdresser was away for another week!! I thought it was a little odd, as I'm sure they would have plenty of kids coming through there business, and also having 3 chairs just sitting there with no one to use them. It's like going to a restaurant and the bartender being away. As I said at the start, I want to love this place, and maybe at one time it was a pretty cool place to bring kids, but with a few below average experiences, I might just pass on Kidville. Maybe when my little dude gets older I'll try again
1	My son had his 3 year birthday party here last weekend. We paid a lot of money to get the basic party and we were really disappointed. The staff girls are so nice I didn't have the heart to say anything. When we arrived for the party they said they couldn't get a hold of us so they weren't sure if we were coming. I almost fell on the floor thinking we didn't have the space. We did everything from food to cake to party gifts. There were no toys. There was a cool kid gym to play but I expected more toys like kinder land or tykes n tots. It felt very rushed. The party was 3-430. They had all the kids come in at 4 to do cake then told us gym is closed  the kids had to stay n this room until 430. Everybody had fun in the end but I wanted to complain to management that for 350 dollars we got nothing!  A few balloons they provided and a few chairs set out for 20 to 30 people. The only star is for how nice the young girls were that helped with the party itself. I would never recommend kid ville to anyone. Save your money and book early at kinder land or tykes n tots or anyplace else.
5	Hmmm....  I don't know where the other people who reviewed this business went.  They can't be talking about the same place I visited. The staff was very informative. LIVE BAND. I expected one of those Casio tape players and enthusiastic instructor to work it out but there was a four piece live band that was amazing. My son falls right on the cusp of 12-18 and 18-24 months so they even allowed me to try a second class free to see what would be better suited for. Bottom line is, even if I hated the place, my son LOVES it here and that alone would be enough. Throw in the helpful, sweet and accommodating staff and you had me at hello.  Kidville is the bees knees!!
2	The Rockin' Railroad class is great but beware that you cannot make up any classes after the semester is over.  Between my toddler's nap schedule, my work schedule, and the times that the class is offered, I found it difficult to take any make up classes.  We only need to make up two more and the owner would not make any exceptions.  I can't help that my child was sick and I kept him home so that he wouldn't spread his illness.  Now all they can offer us is time to use the play gym, which is not what I originally paid for.  It's very disappointing that a simple request could not be granted.  We have attended other classes where the instructor would happily make up classes after the session was over.  We won't be returning.
