1	Absolutely worst customer service I've ever encountered!A group of friends booked 2 rooms in April for an event we will be attending in June and 2 weeks before the event they decide to make a new policy where all guests must be 21+ even though on their website under Policy it states all guests must show an 18+ i.d. and we talked to the front desk in April who said it was 18+ so that we could avoid this issue. They are not a part of a casino like the 21+ hotels on the strip, they are much like the extended hotels. Anyway...When we keep calling for the manager who happens to be sick this day,  we ask for corporates phone number (M&M property management) which makes us only more suspicious since when we connected to the customer service line it just had us leave a message...every single time we called. Also, when we dialed the extension for the president and director operations given on the corporate website, a recording said that those extensions did not exist..hm?The way this new hotel is handling the situation is very unprofessional and already giving them a horrible reputation for poorly dealing with confused customers. Keep in mind the girl who reserved the other room has not yet received a call. We feel completely ripped off by the Value Place company. How are we supposed to find a new hotel 2 weeks before the largest event of the summer? This place needs to clean up their act, work out their policy issues and stand up to the complaining customers they are refusing to serve with such respect and comfort that they claim to provide on their website. What kind of hospitality establishment pulls a stunt like this....really?
1	The service is not very good. The blond lady at the desk was rude and very condescending. The microwave has some kind of sauce spots in it. The curtains r so long the air from their cheap AC blows up in them when shut. The power outlets kept tripping in my room. I had to reset the power in the dark one night after the entire room when out. The towels r very small and rough. The beds r uncomfortable and on a wood base. The sheets when changed had a strong bleach smell to them. Internet conection sucked really bad. Over all not a good place to stay especially long term. I found a much bigger and better extended stay for less that did not ask for a deposit, and did not charge extra for a second person. I only gave it 1 star because I can't leave no stars.
