4	Good pizza, clean restaurant. Plenty of dine in space. They have never messed up a pizza order, although there has been one or 2 questionable wings batches.. overall though nice place, with good service and consistency
4	Probably one of my favorite pizza places because of the crust.  Nothing says yummy for da tummy like crusty crust that's nice and chewy in the center.  It's thick enough that it doesn't get sopping wet from sauce and juice, yet not so thick you think you just got a mouthful of dough.  I'm a bit of a plainster - the sausage is good enough for me.Best honey bbq wings I've had, too.  Crispy on the outside and meaty on the inside, and they seem to give me more wing parts than mini drumettes whenever I go there, which I love.  And ooey gooey finger lickin' sauce...that's the stuff.Just don't order the lunch special unless you know for a fact the pre-made pizza is fresh.  Last time they told me it was fresh I ordered it only to find it dried out from the heat lamp.  Bleh.  Only happened once though in all the times I've gone.
5	Best pizza!
5	I love this place! The pizza is great! I have been there many times and never had a complaint.
4	Nice location.  Very bright, which is nice. Pizza is good as always from Barros. Their chairs make me chuckle... looks like they bought them from a Greek restaurant that went out of business... they have that awesome Greek Isles Blue color going on!Bathrooms are average.  Clean and normal industrial bathroom soap smell, nothin' funky.
4	This is by far my favorite place to get a quick lunch. Their pizza is great. I always get one of their lunch specials when I go there. They're a great deal! My only qualm is that they have difficulty keeping the salad bar stocked at lunch time. Not really a huge deal, but a girl's gotta have cucumbers on her salad, ya know?
4	Just when I thought I was sick of pizza, I ended up at Barro's. I've never seen such a squadron of youngsters so friendly and helpful. When they say "20 minutes", my pizza's ready in 15. These kids are on the ball.The crust? Not too thin, not too thick. Just right. Tasty. Soft.Sauce? Great! Not too thin, just the right amount, not too salty or tangy.Great cheese, generous toppings. My mouth is watering.So many specialties I have to try...I wonder about that kona pizza with terryaki sauce, chicken, and pineapple. Sounds yummy.It's also nice that they're always doing some sort of fundraiser in there; they really enjoy giving to the community. This is not your average parlor.
4	I had dinner with my bf and his family here last night and I have to say I was pretty impressed. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever eaten in my life, but for a casual sit down pizza place, it was pretty good. The place was nice and they had a few big screens up, and a little arcade area for the kids. We ended up getting 3 XL pizzas which was more than enough for our group of 10ish people. I tasted the buffalo chicken and meat lovers pizza, both of which were really good. I can't describe what makes it better than say dominoes or pizza hut, but Barro's knows what's up.
4	Sooooo good!Had a large Kona pizza. Even though my Hawaiian friend didn't approve of the toppings, I thought it was delicious. The dough is what makes it, IMO. Also had some cheese bread sticks which were awesome.Thanks for changing my mind about Chicago style pizza, Barro's!
5	I love this Place every time I visit Arizona I always make my friends and my Dad take me here. Best Pizza I have ever had in AZ . I highly recommend this place !!!
4	Great pizza, reminds me of home.
5	P.J. Must be a competitor trying to ruin all the great reviews. I have been a customer for almost 20 years, it is good dough and sauce, calzones, spaghetti, and a nice salad bar too. My husband loves all the meat to make your own antipasto salad, or we get the one they make to go with our pizza delivery.  Great lunch specials for those on a budget. If you are unhappy with something, you should let them know.  So, they can try to make it right.   When dining in, I have seen the staff remake a different pizza for a customer who wasn't happy with their choice of pizzas.  That is going above and beyond!
2	I like their pizza but they need to improve on their wings and maybe the cashier need to be little nicer...  I like the other locations better than the west side location.
4	Seriously, I love this place.  I have to admit I've only had the pizza, so I can't comment on the wings or pasta.  We like to go for lunch and get the specials...where you buy it by the slice.  We can feed all 4 of us for under $20, just can't beat that!  I love their sauce and the crust is always great.
4	One of my favorite places to get pizza! Wings aren't that great though. Nice staff overall.
5	Since this is our home away from home, it's about time I put in a review.  Seriously, Kim already has our order at the counter waiting for us after she sees me pull into the parking lot.  If that doesn't say how much we like it....and how often we visit....well...it does. The pizza is fantastic.  My husband moved here from New York and getting him to not make faces at every pizza place we went to was a challenge, until he met Barros.  We have a convert!The environment is casual, the staff is friendly (By the way, I saw someone posted about a not nice cashier, about two years ago there was a particularly unfriendly cashier but she hasn't been there for some time), they are patient with my little ones.  It's the place that I let me three year old pay for the meal because it doesn't hold up a line and the staff smiles and interacts with them.The lunch special prices are pretty much so low it's cheaper than eating at home.  A slice of pizza, salad bar, and a soda for $4.25?  A slice for $1.75?
4	Barro's is quite good, but I think its weird how this is supposed to be Chicago style pizza. It's not like any pizza from Chicago that I have had. In any case it is still good food. I also like ordering the wings with my fiance.
3	it wasn't bad just wasn't good. the bread was too thick and dense. the toppings not that exciting. pretty good chicken wings otherwise it would have been a 2/5.
4	This Barro's is great.  Pizza is always awesome and so are the wings.
5	I LOVE this place!! Been coming here for about 3 yrs now and I'm not gonna stop anytime soon. The pizza and wings are always good & the girls up front are always so friendly! They have great customer & a nice atmosphere. I would recommend this place any day :)
4	I have been eating at Barro's for years and have always loved the sauce and crust.you can still get pizza by the slice between 10:30 and 4:00 its a great stop if you dont have a lot of time for lunch. The crew is friendly and very motivated so make sure you leave them a good tip !bring the team they can push the tables together
4	Second best place to grab a slice of pizza, if the first was Chicago. Great place, always with a friendly staff, wings, beer, wings.. Lots of sauce and cheese. They could use better ranch, I don't think they understand our southwest passion for ranch yet. Sometimes it can be very watery..
4	This pizza seems to be memorable for many Arizonians who live away from home.  Jocelyn gave us great service! Cheese bread - basically cheese pizza without sauceVegetable pizza - love the thick dough. Everything about it tastes great and is also quite filling. Ranch - perfect One half of the table tops were not clean when we were looking for a seat.
5	I love eating here. I am picky and the deal with me. Always a treat.  The counter staff is always upbeat and working. The managers are great. They always come check out the dinning room.
4	Great location to get some reasonably priced pizza. Employees are always warm and friendly and they have a variety of food options if you're not interested in pizza. Pizza can be slightly greasy but they have nice sauce and if you order sausage it has a great spice to it, very flavorful. This location can be crowded so order earlier than later.
4	Holy fast delivery batman!! Smelled delish from the get go. The pizza was perfectly cooked.
3	Love their food but questionable customer service. Called in an order at 515 and I understand it's Halloween AND Friday but they told us 25 mins for pickup. Waited a bit to go down there and when I got there the place was packed. By the time I was able to pay for my order it was 35 mins old but knew I was in for a wait. By the time my order came out it was an hour old and while the pizza was just out of the oven my wings had been seeing on the counter for 30 mins so they were cold. Overheard an employee telling others not to answer the phone anymore until they get orders "caught up". So if you ever call just know that their business plan for times when they get overwhelmed is just to ignore you instead of just giving you accurate pickup/delivery times and letting you decide if you want to wait.
4	Well my beloved Barros.. When the pizza is right it is amazing. When the dough is not right it is a grease pit. I wish there were more coupons also. I used to eat here at least once a week but I find more and more it is disappointing and over priced. I gave 4 stars because I grew up in AZ and Barros was always my first choice. I used to even eat it for lunch in high school. It just rarely seems the same the past 2 years.
