4	This is your typical corner drug store that you find close to your home, however you have one thing that sets this place out from the rest.Her name a Nancy.  She is one of the friendliest cashiers I've met at a drug store.  She always greets you with a smile and gives you that old-time tight-niched neighborhood feel that you could only assume you know about by watching old TV Land episodes of Dennis the Menace. This place is good for the munchies or for milk / eggs / ice cream and you don't feel like investing in the time to visit a full fledged grocery store.Another good perk is the CVS Bucks that you get from putting your phone number in for the rewards card program.
4	This is the drug store we go to.  They have a good supply of various items, but their prices are way over what can be had at Target or Wally World.  We go here mainly for the pharmacy.  Prescriptions are ordered online and pick up is generally quick.It's near home, there are several Starbucks nearby, the gym isn't too far away.  Parking can be an issue and getting in and out is almost bumper cars at times.
4	Ah, my local drugstore.  What to say.  It's pretty decent as drugstores go.  Carries all the various products I need.  Friendly staff, especially the pharmacy.  The pharmacy staff has been extremely helpful in getting me around the stupid insurance company requirements imposed on my prescriptions.  (Why insurance companies won't let me have my prescription a week early when I am going on vacation I will never comprehend.  Big jerks.)  They are also nice about finding coupons for my prescription toothpaste that my stupid insurance company won't cover. I appreciate it.And regarding the Las Vegas Valley-wide chain, I really like that they now have a Chase ATM in every single store.  Even the one in Boulder City.  Absolute lifesaver!
4	to be honest, i don't go here for myself... i go to help my pick up her prescriptions and anything else she may need. the pharm. staff are always pleasant and willing to answer any questions i may have. they all know my mom and ask how she is. my mom is a sweet lady. =)i haven't had to fill any prescriptions lately, (knock on wood) but if i had one to fill, this is the place i would take it too.
2	I don't know why you would go here. There's nothing here that you can't find at the Albertson's in the same shopping center, and they charge twice the price. I seriously saw a box of cereal on sale for $8.49. Skip the hell out of this place.
2	I decided to change over to Cvs since we moved and it is much closer to our house. The staff is very friendly but they are extremely busy. I dropped off my sons breathing prescriptions, I  gave them enough time to fill them. They ended up not having one them and had to order it, no big deal they told they would have the next day. Went in the next day to find out they didn't get it in. The next day they told me that it would be in on Monday, 5 days after I gave them prescription. I went in on Friday late afternoon to pick it up and one of the techs told me that it wasn't ready. REALLY??? and that I would have to wait. I must say I miss Walgreens.
4	Management always friendly here. Being open 24/7 definitely makes it a life saver. Close to my house in Summerlin so its very convenient.
2	This is your garden variety CVS but since it's in Summerlin things are overpriced. Apathetic employees who are never in a hurry.
3	Picked up some prescriptions. Ok service
3	I go to this CVS because it is relatively close to my house. The store is decent and they always have everything in stock and all sorts of junk you don't need but buy anyway.But the pharmacy is a whole different story. This has got to be the busiest pharmacy in town. The drive- thru always has a line of cars and it takes forever to get through it. If you go in, there is always a line and all the workers seem frantic. Most of the time, they only have half of my order ready and act like it's my problem.I just think they need to get more staff and train them well. This store is so busy that they should prepare for it. This is not something new, they have been open for like 10 years.
2	In general, CVS is okay.  I have to say that this particular one has tried to sell my wife the generic brand of drugs, and when we ask for the name brand, they mis-quoted and said that it cost $600, even though if you go on their website under Caremark, it's like $80.  I find that a little dishonest.The lines and drive-thru lines are usually pretty long here and the prices are fairly over-priced for regular items.  The PTs and PharmD are okay outside of the above issue.  Kind of wrong when Caremark is actually their prescription insurance company.Oh... one other thing.  They (Caremark) dislike babies.  Yes, that's what you heard.   Apparently newborns are not given the 30 days float period like other regular health insurance.   If you pick up anything for a newborn, make sure you get that insurance card in.  Otherwise, you could be paying out your nose in cash.  They'll send you a reimbursement form, but I mean... really?  Getting reimbursed when you're worrying about a new child?  Pulease.
1	Ive been here twice.  Walmarts computers were down so I came here its close by. The first time I had a prescription in a while. Dropped off went home came back when I was told earlier when I dropped it off. Was told I can't have my prescription. (I need it or I get sick) they said its bc I filled it with in 30 days. I explained it was 10 day trail prescription then they gave me a months. It was 12 days after the 10 so I needed it fairly badly and soon. (They were about to close). I had to raise my voice to get them to call Walmart. They did finally. Could have hrs before when they saw the problem.  It took 10 mins to fix hrs of repeating myself. Lady with the Austrian accent made me feel like I was acting like a criminal!!!!! Had to pick up half and said I would return in 2 weeks or so to get the rest. (It's a $400 prescription an they let u get 1/2 or whatever u can afford. Came back to get the other half was told the same thing made me come back in 2 hrs. And there rude never again!!!
1	CVS is the absolute worst of all the pharmacy's in the entire world. The Towncenter & W Charleston location is the "worst of the worst". They have the laziest pharmacy staff I ever seen. They are rude and incompetent. I give up on CVS. I will never go there again. This is a pattern of behavior at every CVS I go to. Do not go there. Especially the Summerlin store.
1	I called to ask a question and the lady that first picked up the phone was very nice and polite. I asked her a question and she told me to hold so she could get the pharmacist. In this location, when they pick up the phone they do not say their names so I am not able to put it in this review. Anyways, a lady picked up (I believe she had a Russian type of accent) and I'm assuming she was the pharmacist. She was so RUDE to me on the phone. Very unprofessional! She wouldn't even let me finish telling my story before cutting me off and saying, "I don't understand you!" She totally made me feel uncomfortable especially that my question was about birth control. Advice to this lady:You are a pharmacist! Act like one. You are probably use to these questions all the time so why be rude about it. Learn how to listen to you patients!!! And last thing, be understanding. You went into this profession knowing that you would be dealing with patients and their questions, so start  being professional!The one star goes to the lady who picked up the phone :)
1	Updating this to the worst pharmacy ever.For a 3 month supply of Tirosint, we found that my wife's prescription was put into a large bag, and the blister packs were cut up.  To top it off, the prescription itself was the wrong dosage.   You can't just cut up blister packs when they have days of the week on them.  And a 3 month supply equates to 3 boxes, so I don't understand that.Then for another prescription for Benzaclin, they told us that they only had half of the prescription in the brand name but then proceeded to tell my wife that it would cost the same $80, for only half of it filled.I hate to say it, but I'm sure CVS corporate would have a field day if they found out that one of their staff was knowingly trying to commit fraud on behalf of the company since they would undoubtedly charge the insurance for the full prescription.While this is the closest to my house, we're done with this place.
1	Honestly, I do not even want to give one star!I moved from Summerlin to the Northwest over a year ago, but kept using CVS Summerlin as my pharmacy.  It's time for a change.  This is absolutely the worst pharmacy.  I'm not quite sure what happened over the years, but the caliber of employees is horrible.  Everyone is always in a bad mood.  They treat you as if you are a big inconvenience.  Nothing is ever ready on time or they claim a prescription was never called in from your doctor.  I've even received expired prescriptions.  The icing on the cake was Mr. pharmacy tech; who thinks he's a doctor, chomping on his gum!! I'm sorry but gum chewing is totally unacceptable when dealing with the public.  Who's managing this joint?Due yourself a favor.  Stay away from this pharmacy!!!
1	I go to this CVS because it is close to my home but I really waste the time I save due to the convince because of the issues they have.  The line is usually very long and they do make errors frequently on orders.  The most recent was putting one of my prescriptions in my husbands name.  I would change but my doctor office is even more unorganized and it took me over a year to get them to send my info to this location.  Just make sure you double check your orders and don't expect a quick trip.
2	CVS Pharmacies are generally pretty convenient if you need to fill a prescription and just pick up an item or two.   They have a little bit of everything.  My biggest problem is they always seemed to be understaffed.  Pharmacy lines can be long depending on time of day and one cashier and 10 people in line is a bit much.I'm sure it's hard to get the staffing levels right but if they could figure this out I would give them 3 stars.  (I would probably give then 2.5 if I could)
1	I went to pick up my medicine... a little asian girl named Fred, with attitude, was on duty at the pickup... I asked how much I owed:"15".... 15 WHAT? Pesos? How about 15 dollars please sir.. I asked her a question about a prescription I had in my hand:"Can't take that here. You have to go to Drop off"... how about "I can't help you with that but let me find someone who can". Then she gave me my bag.. not a peep out of her mouth.. how about THANK YOU... Went to Drop off.. a guy with moustache talking with a woman working on computer. "We'll be "right" with you sir".. then he left.. I am still waiting. "You have a question?", said the one on the computer, still typing and staring at her screen, without even walking the 2 steps from there to me... I turned around and left... meanwhile 3 people in line waiting,  with 4 "pharmacists" on duty . THIS PLACE IS A JOKE. GO TO ALBERTSONS OR SMITHS. Though not the best either, they are a lot more friendly than those CVS losers.
4	This has been my pharmacy for over 10 years. They tell this is the busiest CVS location in NV and I believe it. They go above and beyond to get my prescriptions filled. They always fax my doctors to renew expired prescriptions as well. The store itself however has the worst check out process I've ever encountered.
1	I hate this cvs with a fiery passion.  I can handle rude or I can handle incompetent, but the pharmacists here manage to routinely be both. On several occasions,  I have received the auto call to let me know a monthly refill was ready.  Arriving at the store an hour later, I'm told the prescription either isn't ready or I waited too long to pick it up (what?). Another time,  they shorted my husband's heartburn medicine by ten pills, then accused us of hoarding medicine.  Heartburn medicine? Does that suddenly have a street value???Trying to get a prescription filled here with a sick child in tow is one of the inner circles of hell.  Just give up. I hate you,  Cvs. I wish my insurance wasn't Caremark so we could break up forever.
4	I ordinarily wouldn't write a review of a pharmacy, but maybe that's why I see what I see here. I can only speak for myself, and my experiences, but I've been going to this pharmacy for three years now, for both myself and a family member, and they take really good care of me.Prescriptions are ready when they say they will be, and when I have to drop off a new prescription and wait for them to fill it (even when it's busy and I know they'd prefer for me to come back later in the day) they get it filled and turned around as quickly as I'd expect it was possible.Are the folks behind the counter rushed sometimes? Absolutely. They're slammed in every direction from the drive through, the phone, and the counter. But even when they sound rushed, they don't cut me short. I always try to do my part and keep it short and sweet, though. All part of the social contract of being a human being.So, hopefully you take all these probably very valid reviews into consideration, including this one, and understand the popularity of this store and the large numbers of other CVS pharmacies, some of which are very close to this one too.Thanks, CVS team behind the counter!
1	Frustrating. Went online yesterday to do an online transfer of my meds from another pharmacy. Got an email confirmation. Stopped by an hour after my designated time...no meds. Nothing. My transfer did not go through. Now I have to wait three hours for my meds to be filled. Not cool. What is the point of using their online services, then getting a bogus confirmation by email?
2	Close enough to home that I can walk to it, but generally overpriced enough that I avoid it.  At times convenient enough to entice me to run in for something as simple as a pack of gum but never particularly clean, friendly, or well lit I really cannot justify coming here when most of the items can be picked up at Vons, Albertsons, or Target just down the street.
