5	If you're in the Pittsburgh PA area, you can easily stop into Enrico Biscotti and get a dozen or two of these delicious biscotti which Enrico makes himself every single day. Otherwise, you can just order them like most of us who can't get to the East Coast anytime soon. Enrico's biscotti are legendary. Although the original recipes were for anise/almond and lemon biscotti (handed down from his grandma), Enrico has expanded his flavors to include white chocolate, cherry, cinnamon to name a few. Order these lovely treats from www.enricobiscotti.com
4	Fun and affordable with great atmosphere.  Hidden off the main strip of Penn Ave next door to Enrico's famous Biscotti Co bakery is this tiny, casual, Industrial-revival restaurant.  The owner will acknowledge you immediately as you enter and will make you feel like a welcome guest in his home.  Our group of 4 had to wait 15 minutes, so the owner (Enrico, perhaps?) gave us a free bottle of table wine, which was light, dry and good.The menu is short, but rest assured that everything is good.  Each person in our party of 4 got a different dish and shared it.  There wasn't a dish I wouldn't order again.  I got the stew which, surprisingly is not broth-based but includes fried potatoes with onions, sausage and spices.  It's dern hearty.  The lasagna was very cheesy and indulgently good.  The pasta fagioli comes in a large portion.  All dishes came with a side salad.
5	Scott Baio was here! This is where the delightful little movie "The Bread My Sweet" starring Scott Baio was filmed.    The movie was renamed "A Wedding for Bella" when it was released on video.The biscotti here are awesome because they are fresh and soft, rather than hard and crunchy.
3	It's worth getting a scone or biscotti from Enrico's if just to walk into the bakery and take a good smell. It smells heavenly - how you wish Grandma's kitchen smelled. Nice selection of scones and biscotti to tide you over while you walk the Strip doing the rest of your shopping.
4	Enrico's is what is right about Pittsburgh and is a must do on a Saturday afternoon and every first Friday of the month. The owner, Larry, is the quintessential host, the food is fresh and local and the staff truly care about making your experience a great one. Chef, Kate Romane, who typically prepares the First Friday dinners, other parties and off site catering, uses only the best ingredients and somehow makes every dish comforting yet different enough that you will never forget it. The atmosphere is beautiful and rugged and is like no other in the 'burgh.
4	Chocolate covered macaroons, oh my.  I think I died and went to macaroon heaven.And yes, the biscotti is delicious, too.They close at 3 p.m., so you'd better get your sweet fix on early.  But the aroma alone is worth it.
5	This hidden cafe is something not to be missed. I first discovered it a few years ago on a recommendation by a friend, "Go down that little alley" she said.  The cafe's atmosphere drew me in, with the exposed brick and various baking pans and large whisks hung off the scaffolding.  Now, after years of visits, Enrico's feels like home. I was first impressed with the brick oven pizza.  Thin, baked to perfection, with a delicious crust.  Another friend who'd spent a month traveling in Italy look for the perfect slice said that Enrico's pizza rivaled everything he'd tried that summer.  My favorite pizza is the white pizza with gorgonzola and dried cranberries.  They're always happy to make it for me, even when it's not listed on that day's menu.On the menu, I saw the listings for the First Friday dinners and the bread class.  They only serve dinner during these special dinner nights (Now including the Big Italian Throwdown at the last Friday of every month.) And, wow, what a dinner and a deal. The best time to go is in the summer and early fall when all the veggies are fresh and local. You pay $50 (BYO) for a 4 or 5 course dinner that is incomparable. (Highlights: a peach and tomato salad with basil and balsamic, and the short ribs)The bread class:  $50 for a Sunday afternoon at Enrico's.  It seems expensive but it was worth it.  You're served brunch in addition to learning how to bake the bread.  We left with enough leftovers that it made the price worth it.  My husband has been baking bread in this style ever since.  If you haven't been here, you should stop by and try it.  Bring some wine to share. They're open for lunch every day of the week.
4	Went for a lovely lunch with my lovely partner.A nice reprieve from typical Strip fare!  The lunch menu included 2-3 salads, 3 soups, 5-6 pizzas and 5-6 sangweeches (sandwiches).  Everything ranges from about $6-10.  Both my partner and I got the 1/2 sandwich special, her opting for the pumpkin soup abreast her roasted red pepper artichoke sandwich.  I went for the beans & greens next to my "original" sandwich that included salami and two other types of sausage with some good provolone and greens.  The flat bread used for the sandwiches (which I assume they also use for pizza) was fabulous and easily the highlight of my meal.I really liked the atmosphere, they cram about 6-7 4-person tables and as many 2-person tables into half of their kitchen where they're making biscotti as well as your lunch!  Service was very likeable.Overall I had a fantastic time.  Maybe a bit on the pricey side for lunch, while not out of line, I would rather pay $8 or 9 for a soup and sandiwch as opposed to $10.I'll be back!
5	*I have died and gone to heaven."  Mark my grave with biscotti from Enrico's. My review is based on a whirlwind less than 48 hour trip to the 'Burgh that had me eating whenever and where ever something looked tasty.  I made a purchase here for dessert to take back for that night and biscotti for the plane ride the next day.  And a little nibble in the car on the way home (geez, so I suck a tiny bite... w/e!)I got a total of 2 biscotti and 2 chocolate oblivion minis (3 bite sizes of flourless chocolate cake).+ 1 Star - Variety.  I mean, who knew that there were over 20 types o biscotti made here - and most are available every day.  Variety is the spice of bakery life.+ 1 Star - Staff.  How pleasant and funny and knowledgeable.  Every one of them (I chatted with 3) has not just the ingredients committed to memory, but little tales to tell about this flavor and that. Lovely and engaged bakers make for fat, happy eaters o biscotti.+ 1 Star.  Quality.  I was a little wary that the biscotti would be like shingles, as that is what biscotti always taste like.  Not here, my friend. Here they are as the bakery gods intend biscotti to be - edible with coffee or other dunkables, but also sheer delight on their own.  And that is 90% to do with the excellent ingredients.+1 Star - The other stuff.  Like I said, I bought two small flourless cake-lettes.  OMG and I never eat desserts.  Thank heavens I don't live in the 'Burgh or I would be here at least weekly.  Or more, as they are across from the yoga studio I like (Bikram!).+ 1 Star - Price.  Did I mention I bought 2 biscotti and 2 mini-cakes for $5!!!! WTF???!! Amazingly cheap.  I really should have bought more.- 1 Star - Regret.  That I didn't buy more to take back home with me.  I am still weeping over that.  Yes, I can order online, but it's not... the... same....I never have a need to go back to Pittsburgh, but I may have to concoct one to go here.  This was my dream-come-true bakery.  Sigh.
4	Get a macaroon for enjoying immediately and a biscotti for the next day's morning coffee.Should be a no-brainer stop while shopping on the strip.
2	I really REALLY R*E*A*L*L*Y want to like this place.  Truly I do.  But the staff/ownership just keep throwing roadblocks in the way.  The biscotti is pretty damn good, but the staff seem to be TRAINED to act annoyed, uninterested, arrogant and condescending.  We go to the Strip twice a month.  Love shopping down there.  A visit to EB three weeks ago was our last one.    My wife inquired about the price of an almond specialty that has varied in price over the last few months.  The clerk -- a middle-aged guy -- made an audible sigh and rolled his eyes before answering.  That, to me, was a pretty clear "f--- you" from the staff.  IF the price had been posted, I MIGHT understand the reaction...  And that's only one of what's been a regular series of events with EB.   And for us, it's been the last.  I'll buy biscotti from the vendors in front of Penn Mac.   At least they act as if they care about their patrons.  I wish 'em luck.  I really do.
3	Making our way out of Primanti's the next stop on our list was another stop well thought of by locals - Enrico Biscotti Company.  Featuring house made, old school, all natural, hand cut Italian treats I rather expected to enter a large rustic space full off cakes, cookies, and confections - and to that end we most certainly weren't disappointed.  Greeted by a friendly young man as we watched two young ladies cut biscotti in the back I asked about a number of items that were not clearly marked and the three of us eventually settled on four separate options.  Paying with credit (I was actually amazed how many spots in the Burgh were cash only) we made our way to the car and drove to the National Aviary where we'd enjoy the desserts while waiting for the exhibits to open.Having heard great things about the Chocolate Ravioli I'd ordered one - or at least I thought I did.  Taking a bite we'd clearly received the wrong order as the filling of the crisp and buttery shell yielded candied lemon peel.  Tasty, sweet, but definitely not what I'd expected.  Moving on to the next taste, a dish described as "Strawberry Soft Biscotti" we were yet again duped, but this time in a good way.  Sweet and cakelike this "biscotti" was most certainly not Strawberry but instead a sweet and complex amalgam of maraschino cherry and pistachio.  The best of our four options and also the most filling of the group I was quite happy with the biscotti while my mother and sister remained underwhelmed.Moving on to our second pair of selections, the drier of the options, we started with the "Banana Walnut Biscotti."  Tasting minimally like banana, less like walnut, and mostly like a good sugar cookie all I can say is that it was nicely textured plain biscotti - I'm not sure if this was another mistake in our order or simply a lack of pronounced flavors.  Following the biscotti was a "Blackberry drop" Scone - a sugary biscuit with lush pockets of butter and thick whole blackberries - it was excellent.Throughout the rest of our visit to Pittsburgh we would see Enrico Biscotti at multiple markets, bakeries, and shops - clearly they are not hurting for fame or business, even if they are hurting for competent help at home base.  While none of the items we had were bad, only the scone was more impressive than an average quality version of the same thing at any good bakery - perhaps we just went on a bad day or perhaps we ordered wrong...then again, perhaps we ordered right and just got the wrong thing?
2	So like....am I missing something here?We walked in the door, and the place smelled AMAAAAAZING, like a huge pot of rich chocolate simmering away.  I was super psyched to eat some biscotti - we got a half dozen, and they were very well priced (like $7.50 for six, i think?)  All well so far.So then we get home, eat dinner, and we are pumped for dessert.  How surprised and disappointed we were to find that the biscotti were totally plain.  Though we had gotten six different, very unique-sounding flavors, we could not distinguish one from the other.  The texture was great, but it tasted like what I can only describe as "plain biscotti."I'd love to give more stars to a local business, but like....it was just plain.  Barely a hint of flavor.  I'm totally not making this up or trying to be bratty or snobby - I'm not exaggerating at all.  The stuff was totally boring.I see another reviewer here said exactly what I said, so I know it isn't just me.  Maybe we've been on a bad day?  I'd be willing to give it one more try, but if it's plain again - then me and Enrico's are done.
3	Perfect accompaniment to a morning or after dinner cup of joe.
5	Love Enrico's baked goods, breads and their meals in their little restaurant.I went to their bread making class with my mom, her friend and my girlfriend and we had a blast. The baker and owner was the one giving the class and he explained to us in minute detail the historical triumphs of bread and how it fits into everything as a cause-and-affect relationship. He was incredibly cheerful and informative.At 50 dollars a person you get a HUGE breakfast. When I say huge I mean an entire long table full of pastries, cookies, muffins, homemade pastas, bean dishes, homemade sausage, freshly baked bread and many MANY more that I can't even remember. The beginning of the class is stuffing your face and passing the plates around like a big family as you are told about bread.Making the bread was a lot of fun. The dough was already made and ready to go; all we did was kneed it (he showed us the correct way) and toss it into their awesome wood fired oven. The bread making class isn't at all about the actual making of the bread. It's more about familiarizing yourself with what bread is, learning good techniques and throwing away bad ones and separating the facts and myths of culinary. When you get home you have the knowledge and motivation to then go and make some of your own bread. It was a lot of fun and I would definitely do it again!
4	The cafe here is a delight.  We had a very nice lunch in the outdoor area.  We had our dog along and they welcomed him with a bowl of water.  We were given tastings of several wines to help us decide what we wanted by the glass.  The food was fresh and tasty.  Service was friendly and welcoming.
2	Have you ever been served by someone who's drunk? Well....I have.... I'm not talking about your drunk friend wobbling over to hand you a plate of food out of her kitchen. Or the bartender who's drinking along with you. I'm talking about an actual server at a restaurant...for lunch. If I didn't find it so amusing I would have been SO irritated. Thankfully, it's just one of those times you're just a spectator in a funny comedy of errors. I've been served by this woman before, and it seems that she may be an owner or manager. Someone who's obviously able to imbibe on the wine during work hours. Oh, and she was definitely tipsy last time...this time....it was party time drunk! So Drunky McDrunkster kept forgetting to bring us our drinks, our water and our bread. She also messed up our orders by forgetting what they were and then running back to find out what we had asked for. Then our orders came and both my friends "sangaweeches" where wrong. They were gracious enough to just eat them and not care. They agreed that they weren't bad, but they weren't t life changing either. Everyone wants a life changing meal! I've been here once before for lunch as well and wasn't too impressed. I got the pasta vodka the first time and it was ok. Not mind blowing...obviously how I like my pasta to be! This time I just ordered an anti pasta salad. I thought it was an interesting twist to add dried cranberries and walnuts with absolutely no cheese (boo!). The bread was actually really delish! That was probably my favorite part...well...other than the drunk server. The really surprising part about McDrunkster is that the wine they sell is NOT good. They've started to make their own and it just tasted as if the ingredients didn't mesh like they should. I've meet a couple wine's I don't particularly like, but I've never meet a wine I can't even stand to sip. I'll take my cheap Yellow Tail if that's the case! So more power to you lady, if you can enjoy your job, with a bottle of wine included daily. I just don't think I'll be back to eat. Maybe just spectate!
4	Today was my second time in the joint.  There was no line in here because it's a Tuesday.  The weekends are ridic so I recommend checking it out mid-week.  I don't even care for biscotti's because they are typically a challenge to eat and there are biscotti's galore in here...  The reason I came in here was because I wanted a sweet treat..,something other than chocolate.  I ordered the raspberry turnover which was pressed flat and not exactly crescent shaped as they typically tend to be.  This thing was delicious!  Dusted crystal sugar on top and flaky the way turnovers tend to be when they are so fresh.  The store is small and has variety of breads, dessert case with scones, brownies, cookies, turnovers, and much more.  The price here is slightly high but still within reason.  My treat was $2.50 and worth every cent!
5	Split a pizza and an order of arancini with my daughter. I wasn't blown away by the pizza (she was-- I thought it was good but not great), but wow, the arancini were fantastic. They came with a creamy curry sauce instead of typical marinara-- so good. We then went into the bakery next door and got sfolgiatelle for dessert. Now, I am a sfolgiatelle snob (grew up eating them from a great Italian bakery in Western Mass.) and these were tiny but very very good. Now if they would only make pasticiotti.
3	So many biscottis! Almond, almond anise, apricot, apricot hazelnut, banana walnut, black forest, black pepper walnut, cherry, chocolate, chocolate orange almond, chocolate vanilla swirl, cinnamon, coconut chocolate chip, cornmeal, cranberry pistachio, fig pecan, ginger, hazelnut, lemon, macadamia nut, orange almond nutmeg... SO many biscottis.The best way to sample them is to get yourself an Assorted Bag of mini biscottis, which will set you back about $6-- not bad considering the wealth of flavors that are packed in there.On another note, we also picked up a Coconut Macaroon ($1.50), which was not as good as the Yelp & foursquare tips would lead you to believe.
3	We went there for lunch.  It is a small interesting place.  Seating is limited and the food selection as well.  However the quality of the food seems to be good with good quality ingredients.  Me and my company where all satisfied with the food we got.  The service was though very slow and for sure not competent :) However in general I think I would try the place again.
5	I have never formally eaten here. As in, I have never dined in the restaurant portion.But ever since I was an undergrad at Pitt in 2002, I would come to Enricos for the macaroons.To this day, when I am in town for a visit, I stop in.Why? Because Enrico's makes the most perfect macaroon. It's heavy on coconut flakes, yet gooey. It's a macaroon miracle.The other pastries I've sampled are equally wonderful. I guess it's time to venture down the side alley and check out the restaurant.Kudos Enricos!
5	The bakery is probably as close to what Heaven smells like as you can get.  I've never eaten at the restaurant and as such this review is exclusively in regard to the bakery.  I'm actually not sure why you would eat at the restaurant since you could easily just go into the bakery and ruin your dinner with the biscotti, macaroons, and cookies.  They have about 20 different styles of biscotti and I've never been disappointed with any of them.  They are not as hard as the biscotti I've had at other bakeries but they are way better than any biscotti I've ever had. While I'm not a huge macaroon fan (not big on coconut) their macaroons are the best looking macaroons I've ever seen and according to everyone I've ever been with that has had them, they are delicious and they usually claim they are the best they've ever had. Overall its an awesome place.  You can't get everything you would at a standard bakery but the items that they have are so good and he smell is so intoxicating that you can't help but fall in love with this place.
4	This place is so small you might miss it walking around the Strip, but the biscotti aroma literally wafts out into the street and pulls you in. I did an immediate about-face after strolling past the door the first time. There are about a jillion varieties of biscotti filling the glass displays and jars all around Enrico's. Hazelnut, chocolate vanilla, orange nutmeg almond, lemon... you name it, they've probably made it. The one flavor I REALLY wanted though, was the peanut butter bacon biscotti. Alas... it's a dog biscotti. WOMP WOMP. Why is this deliciousness restricted to canines only!? Make a human version; I'll beg and play dead and shake your hand, whatever it takes!
5	This is a review for the restaurant behind the bakery, as well as the bakery itself.Enrico's has been one of my favorite parts of Pittsburgh since I was a kid. I have very fond memories of going here with my family around the holidays. There's something so perfect about eating in this narrow, cozy kitchen hidden in an alley. It's always loud in a good way, and the service is usually great in a no-nonsense kinda way. The owners are usually milling about to check on you and make you feel at home. I'm all about the ambiance at this place -- it makes me feel like I'm back in Italy.The food is also consistently great. Their sangaweeches -- sandwiches of Italian meats, cheeses, and greens wrapped in freshly baked pizza dough like an Italian taco --  are always delicious. They have wholesome soups in the winter and excellent giant salads full of nuts and berries and cheese.Though I've never gotten the chance to drink it, I know they get rave reviews on their wine. I have, however, tried their baked goods sold in the store upfront. I've had some of the best cookies and macaroons of my life from this bakery. Anything with chocolate is a must.I cannot recommend this place enough -- if you're in the strip district and you need a quick, hearty, AWESOME lunch, this is your place. Trust me.
3	This review is for the cafe only. The bakery looks really good and I will be sure to post an updated review once I've tried it.I occasionally come here for lunch as I work nearby in the Strip District. It's located slightly off the main Penn Ave drag and has a few cafe tables situated in a sweet little alleyway and then a cozy cafe lies just beyond that. They've apparently begun producing wines; I tried a white and it was very raw tasting. I do admire their creative and entrepreneurial spirit, however!Their pizzas have a tasty, thin, wood-fired crust. The margherita is just OK, with a minimally or un-seasoned San Marzano tomato base, a few slices of fresh mozzerella cheese and (twice this has been presented to me this way, so I assume it is a conscientious preparation decision rather than indicative of a shortage) about three small shards of basil. I ask for parmesan and that makes it more palatable. But truly, this is a spartan sort of pizza. I think they need to amp up the ingredients.Service seems fine.
4	I ate here this past weekend for lunch with my girlfriend.  My friends wife had recommended it to us, otherwise I do not know that we would have noticed it as I have walked by many times without noticing it.The entrance to it is cute and invokes a little side street bistro in Europe complete with string lights.  We decided to start off our meal with some coffees.  It was easy to tell it wasn't mass produced, had a great taste and was strong too.  For our entrees I decided upon the pollo sanwheech while my girlfriend had the pesto.  My sanwheech consisted of cooked pizza dough flipped over to make a sandwich with field greens, chicken, mushrooms and a piece of pepperoni a side.  It was interesting with the pizza dough as bread and I enjoyed it.  My girlfriends pesto was also one of the better tasting that I had tried recently.  The good food is only half the reason to go as the atmosphere is cool as well.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back here in the future.  The food was good and the ambience even better.
4	Find your best cup of coffee and eat these biscotti with it.  As everyone knows, I LOVE places that specialize in one thing.  Therefore I love the Enrico Biscotti Co.  The black pepper one was especially interesting/spicy.  YEAH!
5	Yum! I'm glad we stopped here, they had the best biscotti I've ever had. There were a ton to choose from, and I can personally vouch for the pumpkin walnut. The prices were good, and the biscotti were fresh and the perfect texture.
5	One of the many things I love about Pittsburgh is this cafe. When the suburbs get me down and I need to remind myself I can escape, I head here. The food is traditional and fresh. The wine is just wonderful and the staff is helpful in all aspects.  Looking forward to my next visit already.
5	The cafe has the best lunch you can buy in Pittsburgh.  The beans and greens ( Kale, Cannellini Beans, Garlic, Olive Oil) make a great appetizer.  The salads are marvelous.  The bread is artisan.  The soups delicious.  And the desserts are outrageously wonderful.  I sometimes order the Cannoli with goat's milk cheese, but sometimes the Macaroons.  Sometimes they will come by your table with a wine tasting, although I am not crazy about their wines.  You can also bring a bottle of wine if you wish.  The food is consistently great here and the prices are reasonable.
5	A group of 6 of us ate here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The service was prompt even though they were busy and the food was very very good. I had the risotto and a raspberry lemon scone. Good risotto is hard to find and this did not disappoint! Get there before 11 because the breakfast is worth it
5	This review is for the set-course dinner meals in the back restaurant.I have enjoyed Enrico's twice. The first was for business in mid-winter 2011. The five-course meal was to die for. They did a perfect job balancing the flavors and keeping serving sizes manageable so you can truly enjoy each dish! For this dinner we rented out the restaurant.My second trip was in this summer, 2012. Another fantastic five course dinner for a birthday celebration with a large group. We did not have the entire restaurant to ourselves. The set up is one very long table that you share with another party and then one smaller long table you can share as well. This is great if you are social and enjoy chatting with other people enjoying the same food too!The multiple courses are fabulous and exciting (you don't know what you are getting until it is right in front of you!) Another bonus... they have the ability to adapt to allergies - such as gluten free diets. I am just waiting for another opportunity to go. I believe it is around $50 per person, which is great for what you get. BYOB!
4	This is a must for biscotti fans! They probably have about 20-30 flavors of biscotti to choose from and they are gigantic! I have tried the lemon, pineapple and almond.. I wish they can put more pineapple chunks and maybe make it more lemony? The almond one was crunchy and I think I like it the best. I realized the textures of the 3 are slightly different, I personally prefer the crunchy type :) This place is pretty hidden, look up for the store sign.. A must go if you are in Pittsburgh downtown! You will know when you're in the right place as you can smell the fresh baked goods once stepping in..
5	This is a must for those biscotti lovers out there! They had about 20 different flavors of biscotti to choose from including almond, which was very tasty!
5	I am hooked.  I have stopped two times in the last week and a half.  The biscotti is perfect.  What else can you say?  But the Brownies...I was surprised.  I decided to try them and I am in love!  They are different.   It's like they are overcooked on the outside (but not really), a little crunchy (I don't think that's the right way to describe them either) and they are moist and gooey on the inside!  Oh my goodness...it's brownie perfection!
4	Um, delicious. I don't think I ever knew I liked biscotti, until Enrico's. During my first excursion to The Strip, I walked by a few times before I realized where the mouthwatering baked-good smell was coming from. When I walked inside I was surrounded - literally - by biscotti. There were jars and jars & trays and trays of them, at first I didn't even notice the person hidden behind them willing & waiting to help me. I got a hodge-podge of flavors. Pistachio-Cranberry, Chocolate-Almond, Peanut-Butter-Chocolate-Chip, & others I can't even remember (1.50ea). There are some fancy-shmancy ones that are drizzled in white or milk chocolate (1.75). Proceeded to scoff approximately 4 of them in 2 days, then return to bring some back to my office as a treat. They didn't make it in quite the condition I got them in, as I was forced to plane-side check my bag, thanks for that US Airways & jacka**es who put their coats in overhead bins leaving no room for other people's precious biscotti. HOWEVER, despite the less than perfect appearance, my co-workers loved them. 4.5 stars if I could! Will try the cafe next time I'm there!
5	EB is a tiny bakery hidden on Penn Street in the Strip. If not for the sign and the smell of baked goodies, you might actually miss it. Upon entering you are overwhelmed by the sights and smells. Tons of glass jars layered row upon row with fresh baked biscotti. My favorites are the vanilla with milk chocolate and milk chocolate drizzle. Om nom nom. You can't go wrong with their monstrous macaroons. They are piled high with coconut and they even have some dipped in chocolate. EB has lots of fresh breads to choose from as well. Every time I'm in the Strip, I make a point of hitting up EB for a little treat.
4	Enrico's sells delicious, humongous baked sweets for decent prices.I couldn't decide on just one thing, so I got a blueberry lemon scone, a plain macaroon, a white chocolate macadamia nut biscotti, and a brownie with walnuts.  Everything cost $7.70. I loved the blueberry lemon scone. It was huge (about the size of my palm)!!! The texture was more cake-like than other scones I've had, but it was really tasty. I loved the subtle lemon taste.The macaroon was okay. I must admit that I don't really like macaroons to begin with, but just wanted to try it. It was way better than the grocery store ones I've tried before, but not a dessert I would ever crave. It was too sweet (even for someone with a huge sweet tooth like me!).The biscotti was yummy. They had tons of flavors stacked up high in glass jars. I will definitely come back to try others.The brownie was also good. I prefer cake-like brownies, and the ones at Enrico's are more fudge-y.I will definitely be back!!!
4	Peanut butter biscotti was good. Need a drink because it is a dry cookie. I would go back, but only if the person I was with wanted to go.
5	Love the little, hidden away cafe. Great food and wine!
5	Delicious Biscotti with many different flavors. Always come here to get some biscotti as a present for my parents. The biscotti also lasts a long time. I think they said months if put in an air-tight container.My favorite is their Cranberry-Pistachio but also like their chocolate hazelnut one.
5	This place is hidden and you have to walk through this beautiful allyfood is great and the restaurant is beautiful
3	Came back to get a scone. I decided on a strawberry scone. It was huge but flavorless.
5	Im a biscotti fan and Enrico's is legit. Great biscotti and friendly staff.Almond anise was off the hook. Get some.
5	Just the smell of fresh bread alone when we walked in made me fall in love with the place. I had one of the calzones and it was very good. We also had a bread basket with olive oil, which was great. The service is super friendly and I love the style of the restaurant, especially how you can see the kitchen. If I had more time in town, I would definitely be going back very often.
5	EB is the place to go to escape the hustle that is the strip district on a Saturday afternoon. While waiting in what seemed like a never ending line for Deluca's, I noticed a small sign across the street that said breakfast and lunch served here. I hurried across the street to check it out while the ladies continued to wait in line. I first entered the bakery and was engulfed by the sight and aroma of fresh baked treats. Before I realized it, I was part of a line to order. Oh what the heck. Might as well get a few biscotti while I'm here. So many flavors to choose from! I was also enticed by the croissants but decided to hold out seeing I had yet to eat lunch. After ordering my biscotti, I asked about lunch service and was directed to go around the side of the building and to the back. As I walked to the back, I was transported to a small cafe in Italy complete with an open kitchen and small tables outside the restaurant. The decor drew me in, I didn't even need to see the menu. I quickly ran to the street and waved the ladies over. We were immediately seated and given the lunch menu (11:45). Oh, no breakfast options? Oh well, lunch looked amazing. I ordered the original sangweech with italian meats, mozzarella, sauce and field greens. The ladies decided to both get the margherita pizza. Our lunches arrived quickly and I eagerly dug in. The bread used for the sangweech was pizza dough. So, imagine a pizza with italian meats, cheese, topped with field greens folded in half. That's a sangweech. A near perfect sandwhich. My only criticism is that there seemed to be a lot of field greens and not much sauce. If the field greens were dressed with an italian dressing, this sangweech would be a home run. After eating half, I decided to pack up the other half and take it home so that I had room for dessert. Our server chatted off the list of bakery items available. I chose the chocolate croissant. Kudos to me on an incredible choice. Light, flaky, smooth chocolate. This could have easily been something I had purchased from a french bakery on my recent trip to Paris. I was hooked. If you're in the strip and what a different experience from the loud and over crowded shops, sneak back to EB. You won't be disappointed.
4	Good atmosphere.  Good customer service.  I had the roast pork loin with side salad for a very reasonable $9.95... and would recommend it.  One of the better food experiences in Pittsburgh.
5	I love Enrico's, been coming here for years. Awesome baked goods, cafe, service, and reasonable prices.
4	I think their pasteries used to taste better before , wish if they let you buy smaller pies or a piece instead of the whole thing
5	I can't believe I've been an avid fan of Enrico's for the last 10+ years, and I haven't written a Yelp review.  Love their biscotti, and I pick up a few pieces every time for my return trip to San Francisco.It's very fresh and goes really well with the 4 lbs of Dunkin Donuts coffee that I also schlep back to SF.
5	Soooo I have a biscotti addiction. It all started with the red velvet biscotti from Crazy Mocha. Ever since I had one of those and dunked it in my coffee, I was on a mental quest to find them. On a morning stroll in the strip I came across Enrico and was extremely excited. They don't have red velvet but I love the chocolate chip and coconut.  They have other Italian desserts, I love the coconut macaroon which is the size of my fist and dipped in chocolate. Its like a baseball sized mounds candy bar.
3	I only got biscotti from the biscotti side. Flavors were good, consistency was meh. I don't know what it is about my experience with PIT, but I thought the Italian food was supposed to be better than what I've been getting.For some reason, it was just overly crumbly. It fell apart, like dust. Perhaps it was the humidity?
3	I had absolutely no idea what to expect from Enrico when it came to brunch.  I cannot count the number of times that the wife and I have walked past the Enrico side path and mentioned to each other that we should give it a try...  we'll, we finally did.Overall, the staff was very welcoming when we arrived.  We were quickly seated and our drinks were brought out in no time.  While we loved the small, cozy and unique space, I didn't love that fact that my coffee mug was both broken (chipped on the rim and cracked down the side) and soiled (lip stick on the rim).  I asked for another mug and one was quickly brought out nonetheless.When it came to the food, I ordered the breakfast strata per the waitress's suggestion and the wife ordered the breakfast risotto.  At this point I had low expectations (actually no expectations...  I had no idea what would come out), so I was pleasantly surprised when my dish was quite good.  Awesome combination of good  soft bread w/ crusty edges and a smooth center coupled with syrup (thankfully that was included, otherwise the dish would of been lacking).  While I was pleased with my meal, my wife's risotto overall was pretty bland (it needed a heap of salt and pepper to make it attractive to eat).While we love Enrico's biscotti, I'd have to think again if we'd revisit the cafe.  We left feeling satisfied with what we had eaten, but definitely in no way impressed.
4	The Enrico Biscotti Co is a small Italian restaurant and bakery, run by a friendly group of people.  My friends and I stopped in on our lunch break, and we really enjoyed our meal.  It was about $13 including tax and tip for a lunch portion of pasta.Our server was very friendly, and he immediately brought out a DELICIOUS loaf of bread and oil.  I could have made a meal of the bread alone.  I ended up ordering a pasta dish (name is lost) with red peppers, basil, and plenty of cheese!  It was a great portion for lunch; I was pleasantly stuffed at the end of the meal.  When our server brought our bill, we each got a cute mini biscotti.  With Biscotti in the restaurant name, you expect the biscotti to be some of the best.  This biscotti was definitely great.  The flavor was delicious, and it was fresh.  Who wants to break a tooth on biscotti?  Not me.Our server was really friendly, and authentically Italian in his flirtatious nature.  It's not "fast" service, but it was good service.We tried to order cannolis from the bakery twice, but both days we went, they were completely out by lunch time on a week day.  Bummer!  I'd still love to try one, but I probably will only try once more to get one.  It seems like lunch time is awfully early to be out of such a common Italian dessert.I will definitely make a return to Enrico's!
5	Trust me, the long lines on a Saturday are worth the wait!  I don't know why I haven't written a review for Enrico before because I fell in love with them a few years ago.  The biscotti is great, but my MUST HAVE is the to die for, dark chocolate covered coconut macaroons! If you are a chocolate fan and a coconut macaroon fan, then this is where you should go for one!  My husband is now hooked on these as well and we try to plan it that we can make it to Enrico Biscotti every time we are in town and usually take more than a few for the road/plane.  Another favorite of mine is the Ricotta Pie..fantastic!  Although I haven't had anything I have disliked there. Today I was craving Enrico and decided to place my first online order!  Can't wait to be enjoying some Chocolate Covered Macaroons this time next week!
3	We were checking out the stip for the first time and quite hungry so we stopped here. The place is on small the small side, very cute and cozy. We were seated right away. I chose the scrambled eggs with truffles, my partner chose the strata, we both ordered coffee and of course we had to order one of the thirty something biscottis they offer; we went with the chocolate almond drizzled with white chocolate. I asked for cream for my coffee, but they didn't have any, nor did they have soy or non-fat so they brought whole milk. Our biscotti was delicious, my eggs were so-so; the truffles were great, but I really like hot sauce on my eggs and they didn't have any, this shocked me. The server offered to bring me a side of red pepper flakes and that improved the eggs, but it's not the same. How can you serve eggs and not have hot sauce somewhere? On a positive note: The bread served with my eggs was very good. My partner hated her strata and said she couldn't taste the bacon inside of it so rather than being savory and sweet it was just too sweet. Overall I enjoyed this place because the servers were nice and the atmosphere was pleasant. However, we probably wouldn't eat another meal here since we didn't love the food, but we would stop in for a biscotti and coffee.
5	Amazing smells! Great little italian bakery. Got a classic biscotti and a key lime scone and both were delicious!!
4	This place was amazing. It feel like and i think it might be a family owned treasure. I love the atmosphere and the food. I had the pesto pasta for lunch and my sister has the Al Forno pasta and they were both fresh and amazing. They make their pasta in house so it was wonderful. I love the small town feel and food. Excellent.
3	Ordered 2 pizzas. One cheese and one was their special. The crust was wonderful. Soft and chewy. The owner was very friendly, gave my kids a cookie and was awesome. Staff was friendly and the decor was great. My lower review is mostly due to the marinara sauce. It tasted like a can of stewed tomatoes were opened and lightly chopped and thrown on a pizza. A little salt and spice would go a very long way. The white pizza we shared was really nice, and I loved that they use real olive. The marinara and the price however prompt me to give them a 3 over a four. But check it out and try something other than a marinara pizza and it might be worth it.
4	I found the bakery to be very pleasant. There is a very extensive selection of biscotti as well as some other baked goods such as scones.One of the interesting things I noticed was that they offer a class with Enrico during which he shares many baking secrets with you. The class costs $85 per person. This seems like a fun opportunity for a baking enthusiast!
4	......yeea so my biscotti barely made it out the doorone bite and I could. not. stop. then i ate my fiance's biscotti ;)Also, they make doggie biscottiand gluten free biscottiAAdorbsssssss
4	Biscotti and more biscotti.   What else could you ask for from a place that calls itself the Biscotti Company?   There are so many flavors available.   You can order them by the piece from the dessert cases in front, or buy the pre-packaged bags from the back for quicker service.
4	We stopped here for lunch and ate on the outside dining area. It was very quaint. The food was out of this world! We shared a chicken sandwich (which was made like a fold over) and a pepperoni roll. Our waiter was less than attentive. The owner, however, spent time chatting with us which made for a pleasant experience. we purchased biscotti to share with others back in Ohio however not many made it as we ate them on the way home!
5	My husband and I always make this our first stop when we are in Pittsburgh. The food is always good and the ambiance charming on the patio. BYOB makes it even better as we can always have our favorite wines with our meal. The service is very friendly and efficient.
5	A little slice of biscotti heaven. With only 30 minutes to spare in the Strip District, we set out to find some sweets for the evening's dinner. Enrico nearly fell in our lap as we trotted up the block. It was either the smell of butter pouring out the front door or the cozy "what's going in on there?" street appeal that lured us in. Between the two of us we purchased everything from pumpking and fig and walnut biscotti to cannolis, lemon basil shortbread cookies, cream puffs and chocolate espresso tea cookies. Needless to say, this is the perfect place to visit if you find yourself en route to a tea-loving Italian family's house for dinner. Almost every dessert we purchased was crafted for dunking. This place is pretty cozy. Rumor has it they have a mini cafe with seating in the back (behind the kitchen).
5	The biscottis are amazing! My friend and I stopped here both days of our 2-day trip to Pittsburgh and got some to take home with us too!
1	We stopped for lunch on 8/26. Two of us had some very good sandwiches and 2 had greens and beans which seems to be a Pittsburgh dish. The food was very good. But, the homemade wine stinks! The petit syrah was ok. But, very young a coarse. The pinot grigio was awful! I am a winemaker and drink a lot of commercial wine from all over the world. I can truly say that it was awful. Then I find out it costs about $7.50 for a small glass. What a ripoff! As I write this review I found that you can bring your own. I wish I had known that. My friend asked if they had beer and the waiter said he could run across the street and get some. Why didn't they tell us about getting wine!I really felt cheated! But, it won't happen again!!!
2	I've eaten here before and haven't had a really bad experience. Yesterday my friend found a piece of chewed gum inside her napkin.My silverware was wet as the servers hands were wet.Later I saw our server carrying dirty glasses (4) with his fingers inside the glasses.Surely he should have used a tray to carry dirty glasses.I was very put off and probably won't go back. Nothing worse than a dirty restaurant and unkept servers.
4	After an exhausting rowing practice, I invited a friend to join me for lunch at the cafe at The Enrico Biscotti Company in Pittsburgh's Strip District. I should note that I've have been here a handful of times, always enjoying each each experience.I consider myself adventurous when it comes to trying different things, but similar to when I dine at Olive or Twist, I always order the same thing when at Enricos - the beans and greens. I love this dish, especially since I make it at home and I enjoy their variation (made with kale) just as much as I enjoy my own  (generally with escarole). Priced at $9, you receive a healthy portion of greens and beans in a delicious broth. As an accompaniment, they serve a small portion of bread to sop up all the broth as you make your way through the meal. For an additional $1, you can order a fried egg to be placed on top. For $2, they'll serve a moderately sized piece of chicken breast. I ordered both!Not served with, but something you can ask for are red pepper flakes to top the dish. On this particular occasion, I did ask for them, but unfortunately the waitress never returned. I was too hungry to wait and had to get to a hair appointment, so I chowed down. After realizing that she forgot to bring the flakes over to the table, the waitress apologized and noted that she'd take the meal off the menu. I really didn't think that was necessary, but it was a really kind offer and I didn't refuse her gesture.If you haven't been here, keep in mind that there are only 2 and 4 top tables. The location is tiny and I do not recommend dining here with groups larger than 4.
3	Both of my sons were home for thanksgiving and us men decided breakfast at DeLucas on Saturday a good idea. Wrong!  A long line outside convinced us to find an alternative. Across the street Enrico's looked interesting. I didn't know they served breakfast but lunch has always been a treat.  Wow! The breakfast menu was not your usual fare but a eclectic selection items such as Greens, eggs  and ham,  a breakfast salad with an egg on top and a homemade granola.  There were many other items that had a Italian theme.  The Cafe is a small venue between two buildings that is by no means fancy but has a rustic feeling. I only gave the place three stars because service was uneven but very friendly. Also my one son didn't get any bread. They forgot. Also my meal was missing the sprinkling of Parmesan that was to be included.
5	The biscotti is as amazing as ever.In my countless visits here, I just realized that there is a connecting cafe that serves up Italian fare. We were a tad too early for lunch so I'll definitely give it a go around the next time around. Another cool thing is that the biscotti can now be purchased prepackaged by flavor and Larry assured me that they ship the goods!
3	This looks like an awesome place, with friendly staff and lots of great looking biscottis and other baked goods. The only problem?  There's nothing vegan here at all, and that's the premise of my reviews.  It really doesn't deserve a three star review, so if they add a single item that's vegan, I'll gladly adjust the review.Check out the cafe in back though - that looks awesome.
4	I love this place!  It smells divine and they make their own wine.  What more do you need?  Carlo's Garage Winery is located in the basement of the cafe and oh baby is this a hidden gem!  The grapes are from Cali and the wine is from the basement; it reminds me of stories that my grandmother would tell me about her Italian relatives who make wineI am a fan of their Americanos and cappuccinos and their biscotti and oh my everything.  The people are so friendly, even on a busy Monday-before-Christmas lunch rush.  I can't wait to go back for an actual meal in the cafe.
5	"How long will these keep?""I suppose a few weeks since all the moisture is gone, but we've never had any last that long."Sold.These biscotti are outstanding. Lemon and cinnamon are our house favorites. Entering my humble abode with my bi-weekly, two bag order from Enrico's biscotti, you would think I was returning from a multi-year military campaign, ushered in with a hero's welcome, celebrated as though I conquered ISIS, North Korea, and Nickleback all in one battle. But seriously, this biscotti is the real deal. Saddle up with some strong coffee (or splurge on some whole milk if you're my kid), and enjoy.Oh yeah, the coconut macaroons are the jam, too. Those don't make it home. Mama has got to do Mama sometimes.
5	I love this place! The bakery is in the front. But walk down the aisle on the side of the bakery and you will discover a restaurant. A trattoria. Sit down. Relax. Order a pizza. A dish of pasta. Or a cup of coffee to dip your biscotti in. Everything mixes and matches in the back. Ask for Larry- the owner!
