5	While visting Montreal, we picked out a nice restaurant to have our last dinner at before the trip back to Vancouver. After walking by the restaurant during our adventures in Old Montreal and seeing the exquisite decor in one of the oldest buildings in the city, I pressured my friends to come with me for dinner here. I was amazed by the beauty of the decor in each room of the restaurant, it was gorgeous! The tables were all pretty with white tablecloths and baskets of bread so I felt like a real lady! We shared a half litre of red wine, and I ordered the filet de boeuf grille, which was delish! Our server was wonderul, he had a good sense of humour and was very attentive to our needs, not that the restaurant was super busy, but he was very gracious. We escaped the table to take a peak at the other rooms in the restaurant and giggle at how small and cozy the restroom was. I am heading back to Montreal again this year, so I am hoping to stop in and try something else on the menu.
5	Les Filles du Roy was the highlight of our stay in Montreal.  It was recommended to us by a friend who had been there twenty years ago(!) and it made such an impression on him that he insisted we try it.  It would feel amiss to assign a decor to les Filles, as it has no air of any conscious staging, but rather the organic aesthetic of a fine manorial home that is hundreds of years old.  The atmosphere is simply exquisite--both quality, with silk curtains, stately gilt appurtenances, and massive, carved antique furniture; and comfortable and lived-in, with unplastered old stone walls, an inviting fire blazing beneath the imposing mantel, thriving Boston ferns, ancestral portraits, and even charming avian residents, including Pedro the Blue Macaw, Chico the African Grey, and Coco the Budgie.The service was similarly impeccable--our server was charming, attentive, and friendly.The food was excellent, hearty Quebecois fare--the hot, rich goat cheese puff pastry was particularly welcome in the freezing weather!  My dining companion ordered the maple cake for dessert on the recommendation of the server, but I passed, not being a fan of maple--and I deeply regretted after I tasted it.  The maple flavour was very delicate, the texture was airy and creamy, and it had some description of delectable crunchy flakes in a middle layer.Now I want to return in order to stay in their rooms!
5	Real good, personel incroyable.  Bravo
1	Was extremely disappointed with the restaurant. Took my in laws to Montreal because they have never been out of the country.(and unfortunately because of their experience they may never leave the states again!) I Made a reservation for a Saturday night a month in advance. I emailed their concieirge to see if there was anything special they could do for them. the responded asking when I would like to make a reservation. confused I called and gave them the confirmation number as well as a copy of the email. They said they called the software company that handles their online reservations. "Softbooker" had a record of our reservation but they did not because it was lost or erased some how.The woman says there is nothing she can do....there are no tables. I reluctantly rescheduled for Friday night...the night we would arrive from a 10 hour drive.  As expected we drive get lost and had no time to relax or even shower. I called the restaurant to let them know we may arrive earlier. they said that was fine. I expected better treatment...given the pain and inconvenience their system had caused.Boy, was I mistaken. For the record I work for the Omni hotel, and I know that we have given away amenities for lesser things, even things that were not our fault for example, street construction noise! or a loud wedding party.i expected they would know exactly who we were and that we had issues and would try their very best to make it up to us.We arrive at the time we said with a reservation and with a call ahead of time and they had no table set for us. There were two tables in the entire restaurant. and this is at about 715 on a Friday night.I ask the waiter if we can sit in the private room and he says "that's for reservations...." I explained the whole sad story and he very reluctantly said it would be a while to wait. So we sat in another room admired the decor. Looked at their outdoor patio and looked at their birds. All of it looked very nice. I will give them that much.finally our table is ready ( an hour  after calling them with our arrival time)Our waitor comes in. He is stoic throughout service. I order a bottle of riesling. it arrives warm. I AM the one who refills everyones glasses.appetizers did not take long. water was only refilled once an hour later by a different staff member. when asking what beer we want, the waiter says rouge. Doesn't blink, knowing we are American, and do not know what you mean by Red beer....My very polite fiance orders the "red beer " By saying "yeah that one" since it is clear our waiter will only speak quickly in French and not ask if we have questions.to be honest he looked like a soviet Russian soldier. solemn. and quiet. he smiled ONCE ...when we laughed because of the obnoxious noises coming out of some of the parrots in the other room.Our entrees took over an hour. we had long finished our Luke warm white wine, and break and butter. No one came in to announce if and when our food would ever arrive until five minutes before..."the kitchen was backed up".now isn't that the most pathetic excuse. they had two other tables! and one wad clearly a family who had finished way earlier and were just talking ! Backed up! what a bunch of crap.our food was pretty bland. and had only flavor from butter. my scallops were the most underdone possible while still being(possibly) edible. We ate with no complaints even though this was supposed to be our "fine French" dining experience.tourists kept walking in and out to look at the grounds. which in hindsight would have been a. much better idea. saved us money on the worst 300 dollar meal I have ever eaten.I could go on about how mediocre and embarrassing this story was but I will cut it short.this is how it ends:I talk to the manager....he offers NOthing NO apology...says his English isnt good.Wait I lie, he offered free parking!!!!!! to see the fireworks competition. While getting the voucher the waiter from the previous night apologized. saying "he was tired"Please do not waste your money here. do what the smarter tourists did. come in walk around. maybe order some wine. then never come back.
4	This place is steeped in history.  You can feel it seeping through the rich dark drapes and ornate furnishings, oozing from the ancient edifice and every dim corner.  This is one of the oldest buildings in Montreal (3rd oldest, I was told).  My wife and I were invited here for an official dinner, and we were impressed by the ambience and decor.  And of course our host regaled us with the history of Montreal, including les filles du roi (daughters of the king).Definitely a place to consider if one is organizing a formal dinner.  Or a romantic  evening.  The place speaks for itself.  I like the spaciousness, with only a few tables in each room, which meant one can carry on conversations at a decent volume and not have to shout.I had the grilled salmon which was decent.  Service was unobtrusive and servers were polite.  Given that street parking in Old Montreal is always a nightmare, one of the advantages this restaurant has is its proximity (less than 5 min walk) to the car park at the Clocktower Quay where there is ample parking.  Parking is $12 but it's better than circling the streets of cobbled stones endlessly on a cold night.
5	We came here about 10 years ago as young foodies, exploring old montreal and decided to try this place out.  I think I found it online prior and made reservations ahead of our visit.  It is a small, quaint restaurant, all unique tables, with a roaring fireplace and leather couches (we were there in a bitterly cold and snowy march).  We tried a few new things to us like the pink and delicate but delicious rabbit pate.  We struggled ordering that because we are all animal lovers and already eat little meat.  But it was great.  The rest of our dinner was fantastic - I remembered dessert was the floating island with stone cherries, which we didn't eat at first because we'd never seen them before.  But our server politely told us upon checking in on us that we had to try them!  And now when we see them in stores here, we get 'em!  They are tasty little things!We recently went back to visit montreal 10years later and looked in the window remembering that winter's night from when we were in our 20's eating there.  It will always be a night for us to remember.
