5	They do a great job of making your car look good inside and out.  I have worked with detail companies in the past and it always seems like they forget to get a spot I notice later.  Not these guys!  They fact they come to you also makes it super convenient.  You should definitely get the Touring Package as it is a great value.
5	I have lived in the valley my entire life and this is by far the BEST detail company I have ever worked with. Starting from the moment I called the shop, to the end of the service, my entire experience was handled intelligently and professionally. The person who handles all my scheduling is Oren. This man knows every detail about every product on the market and you can tell he has spent time educating himself on the best possible choices for your car. Many detail companies will use products that make their job easier which are highly acidic and cut through gunk quickly; this can take a major toll on your paint. Every time Race Day comes out, they use all green products specifically made to increase the longevity of my vehicle. Along with their amazing products, they spend hours (about 6) making sure every inch of my vehicle is perfect. Make sure you request Alan, he is more obsessive than I am and takes pride in making sure my vehicle is immaculate. After a couple details with them, I was introduced to their Opticoat process; it is unbelievable. I have an all black vehicle and there ended up being these swirls all over my paint that were extremely evident in the sunlight; this is pretty common with dark colored vehicles. Alan came over to my house and measured the light refraction around the entire vehicle to locate the dead spots or the spots with worst swirls. He then went over every inch of my paint, restoring the color back how it looked the day I bought it. Then, by applying their ceramic sealant, Opticoat, he locked in the look permanently. They also did my entire engine bay and wheels. Now my vehicle ALWAYS looks like it just rolled off the showroom floor. After the Opticoat cured, Alan took a handful of rocks from my front yard and threw them at my driver side door; I absolutely panicked. He then took his cloth and wiped away the dirt, NOT A SINGLE MARK ON MY DOOR! I am consistently blown away by the level of knowledge and professionalism the company possess, nobody but them will ever clean my vehicle again. To anyone reading this that thinks "He must work for this company" think again. I am employed at ASU in the Biomedical Engineering Department, SBHSE and I took my own time to write this review because I believe any company providing this level of service should be acknowledged. Thank you Race Day you guys are FANTASTIC!
5	I have tried every, and I do mean every mobile detailer in the valley since my job requires me to never be available to go to a detailer and although these detailers are better than the typical mass car detailers and automated machine washes - nothing compared to the service and amazing quality I received at Race Day. After just their wash and rim cleaning, my car looked like I had just left the show room with it, it's a  2012, they removed ALL the swirl marks on my black Mustang, and completed the opti-coat pro package. I hardly ever post a review but it has been 3 weeks since my detail and today when I came out to look at my car it still looks like i just got it detailed! I will never use another detailer again - Ask for Alan to be your detailer of choice!!!
5	I was selling my BMW M3 and wanted to increase my selling power as the car was mechanically sound, the exterior was a completely different story, it was my daily driver and was tarnished. I called Race Day and the manager was not only on point with everything he said but presented me with several different options to increase my sale value. As a former employee for a car dealership I understood and knew everything he was saying but what happened next was out of this world. They send someone over within 2 hours, spent 6 hours doing a 3 step polish and restoration, completed an entire detail both in and out, actually cleaned the brake pads as well... long story short, when my wife came home, she thought I bought a new car, it was astounding and to say the least, I am no longer planning to sell my car, it looks like I just rolled off the show room! Do not hesitate for a second to call these guys, they are not your average detail shop.
5	I'm amazed at what a spectacular job Alan did with detailing my car. He treated it like it was an art project, detailing every single crevice. He is such a perfectionist and spent 7 hours on my car at the flat price. I couldnt believe it. Not to mention the engine clean he did. It looks better than it did when it was new. So clean that I took my shoes off to get into it! The best part is that they are mobile so they come to you and you dont have to wait at the carwash for hours and hours. This is the BEST detailing company I've ever experienced.I have written one Yelp review in my life. I am a full time graduate student and full time nurse but I just had to take the time to recommend this company. They are simply the best!
5	Brought my 2003 beat up bmer back to life. The detailer came out to my place of work, and literally restored the exterior and interior of the car.Even the old smell of cigarette smoke is gone as if it was never there.Fair price, professional detailers who love cars. They also clean up after the work is done, leaving no trace of materials or water that was used.
