4	According to Carolina Nightlife, Alley Cat was started by the owners of The Forum and Cosmos Cafe.  I tend to avoid college row but this is a very comfortable bar with three or four very different seating areas and two or three individual bars.  It's a cozy place to go to as a pre-bar before a big night out.  Or you can show up later to see a live act.  Most live shows start after 10pm.It's a great spot for meeting up with friends because the bar itself is handsomely adorned and the servers are very friendly.  Their servers have definitely been around the block and can make just about any mixed drink you can think of.  I would say their mixing skills probably outshine the liquor selection.  I was not impressed with the variety of vodka and gin but they do have at least three premium Scotches on the top shelf that all make me happy.For some drama, apparently their liquor license was suspended for a week at the end of April.  It's back of course after some red tape.  But it was temporarily suspended because they don't make enough money selling food (less than 30%), so instead of a bar/restaurant, according to NC law they are a "nightclub" which means you have to become a member in order to gain entry.  To become a member you have to fill out a form and wait three days.  Well, they were letting "non-members" in for lunch so that's how they got busted and the license suspended.  Suspended for letting people eat food!  Come on North Carolina!  How retarded is that?   It's not like they were serving alcohol to minors.  The liquor laws here are really outdated.  This is a great bar in a town that's desperate for quality nightlife.  Let's keep it running.
4	Alley Cat is a little crazy, but fun place.  The crowd is like Buckhead but without the constant bachelorette parties strolling through the place.  I went last week and had a fun time cause the cover band was pretty good.At first I was bummed as I arrived after 10PM and had to pay a $7 cover, but the $6 mixed drinks made up for the difference.  The bartenders were friendly and quick, which is always a plus.The band on the main stage did covers from just about all genera of music while wearing interesting and constantly changing outfits.  Overall, a bit of a college bar with some other/mature business people thrown in the mix.
3	Only been there on Thursday night (College Night) and have been fairly pleased.  Usually a decent sized crowd, and the wait isn't bad if you get there at a fairly early time.  Bartenders are good, but will give you a beer that isn't on special when you ask for the one that is (has happened on several occasions).  They seem to play a lot of the same music from week to week, which gets a bit old.  Decent place overall.
3	This would be your classic college type hang out.  It has a really nice courtyard if you want to take advantage of the night air.  The night I was there it had DJ playing decent music, but they do have live bands sometimes.  I hear they also do parties and events and can accommodate just about any request.
3	We wandered over the Alley Cat Saturday night for a drink after attempting three other bars in uptown that had too long of a wait to get in. I was impressed! They had a great live cover band, who in particularly did Rage Against the Machine and the White Stripes pretty well. I liked how spacious this place is. You can come here and, even though it is packed, make your way to the bar and get a beer pretty easily with others who just want to have a good time, not pretentious people who are over dressed and under friendly. The DJ in between the sets did a pretty good job, but once he got on a killer 80's kick and we heard "That Girl is Poison" I had just about had enough. It's good to throw the 80's in, don't get me wrong, but you have to know when to stop, and this guy didn't. Regardless, I would totally go back here.
4	This bar/club has the best of both world. Out front the club there's an open patio where they have great cover bands and a very chill atmospher where you can socialize and have drinks. If you decied to stroll in then is like you are in another world.  Inside its spacious, has 3 bars and a great dj that keeps you dancing all night . The employees are great but the only down fall is the membership card that you have to get but other than that its awsome.
3	We were just looking for a little night out to have a good time. Alley Cat worked well. It seemed like $2.50 Bud Light bottles was reasonable for a Saturday night. The $7 cover to get in initially kept us from leaving early, but the band playing that night ended up being enjoyable. The highlight of my night was the bartender. Not only would he do the fancy stuff for the mixed drinks, he even made a production out of popping off the beer cap. Maybe i'm too easy, but it was cooler then simply twisting it off. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio, but i would definitely go back to try out the outside seating.
3	For some reason, Alley Cat always seems to be slammed, with people clamoring to pay the $7 cover to get in. I don't really understand the line (1 of the few you'll find for a bar in Charlotte), because inside to me isn't really anything spectacular.Entering from College St, there is a nice outdoor patio with an outside bar if you want to enjoy the nighttime air. Entering into the main bar area, this place is pretty huge. To me it almost feels like a warehouse with a stage. We were there last Sat night & they had a band play rock covers till about 12:30, & after that the rap music came on & the dance floor came alive. There is plenty of room to dance here & quite a lot of people get out there, along with me pulling out the moves that embarrass my girlfriend.The bar serves up your normal domestic beers, but what do you expect from a place that's only open for the nightlife. If you can catch a special, then the prices aren't too bad, not considering your $7 cover fee. Alley Cat just hasn't grown on me, but apparently it has with a good portion of nightlifers in Charlotte. So expect to wait 5-10 minutes on a Friday or Sat night to pay your cover. The atmosphere isn't too bad & if you like to dance they do play some pretty good jams. But the spaciousness just doesn't appeal to me & nothing really stands out to me beyond that.
4	Things I like about the Alley Cat: the outdoor patio, which is one of the coolest in uptown Charlotte; the live music, which they have indoors and out; every now and then they have some good drink specials; lots of space inside; crowd isn't usually as pretentious as other uptown locations.Things I do not like about the Alley Cat: $7 cover charge; there is often a line to get in, and I don't do lines.Paying the cover charge makes you feel like you should stay around and get your money's worth instead of bar-hopping, which is great when the music is good.Overall, there are more positives than negatives for me, so I give Alley Cat 4 stars.
3	I'm review Alley Cat as a nightclub only, because that's my only experience there, so read below if you want to know about its food. This place is always packed on Thurs-Sun. And I mean REALLY packed. It's kind of a pain because there's often a line and usually a cover, especially as it gets later in the night. With that said, Alley Cat is a fun place to come and party--and it's plenty easy to "party" here. Tons of drinks specials, multiple bars, and a great dancefloor (often with live music) make for a great venue to booze and dance. There's also a great outdoor area that's a little more mellow if that's what you're in the mood for--you can sit out there and casually sip drinks and listen to the band if one is playing that night. As the night goes on, though, even this place gets a little wilder, so take note. Definitely feels like the basement of a frat house at times, but that's not always a bad thing, right?
3	I highly recommend coming here on any Friday or Saturday night.  Definitely the best prices of anywhere around.  They had a decent guy playing guitar outside, and the drink specials were great.  Certainly the best deal on drinks I found in Charlotte, but unfortunately they decided to employ a guy to harass you in the bathroom with soap and paper towels.  Seriously, I can wash my own hands.  My parents taught me when I was four.  I don't need to tip some dude to squirt soap into my hand and pull the paper towels out of the dispenser for me.  Give me a break, bathroom attendants are the biggest waste of money and ridiculously annoying.  This aggressive hand washing nazi totally blew this bar for me.  I know jobs are scarce, but GET RID OF HIM!  Cool bartenders though....and nice space heaters outside.
4	I have been to Alley Cat on three occasions within the past year and I can say that I have had a good experience each time. The best part of Alley Cat for me has been the drink prices. On a friday night, I was paying 3 bucks for a gin and tonic and 4 dollars for tequila shots.  Needless to say, this is a double edged sword, but it is nice to be able to go downtown and not spend 7 dollars on a liquor drink on weekends.The crowd here seems to be upper 20's early 30's from what I have seen.The bar staff is very good and they seem to enjoy what they are doing as opposed to some other places downtown where ordering a drink is looked upon as an inconvenience.I echo Alan S.'s concern about the handwasher.  I don't know how many times this guy called me buddy or "my friend" but it was a little aggressive/excessive.  When I am using the restroom at a bar, I am not there for chit chat or friendship.  Its a nice gesture to employ these people who might not be able to find employment elsewhere, but they need to tone it down a bit.Good bar, good people, annoying handwasher
4	I know of Savis since he ran the Steeple and he's a good judge of how to run a bar, and hooking up w/some Penguin grub is always a good idea...a great great bar and a welcome addition to the sterile, ultra-yuppie bars that seem to populate uptown, but they lost a star due to the reason mentioned in a few posts....the dreaded bathroom handwashing pest......i think bars that employ these guys (clubs/strip bars, etc..) automatically lose a star, i hate these guys w/a white hot passion...nothing says "annoying and a bad attempt to class up a place" than the soap squirters...otherwise a great place to go
