5	FAST FAVORITE! This review is for the Spa Pedicure. After going to some other Madison salons that have earned awards around the city, I have to say Envy Nails has left me more impressed. I've paid more for less everywhere else.They had a walk-in special for Spa Pedicures, which included a nice long leg and foot massage (thorough, not at all dainty!), AND paraffin - and they didn't rush it either 8). There were tons of colors to choose from: Essie, China Glaze, OPI and more! The lady who took care of me was always checking to see how everything was, and was very nice. The salon itself was very open, well lit, and clean. And even without the walk-in specials, I thought the prices were quite good.I moved here from New York City, where pedicures run by Chinese families like this are not expensive and can be found almost as often as Starbucks all over the East Coast. This is the only salon I have found in Madison that reminds me of that, in terms of quality, color selection, and overall service. I will be back every time I need a pedicure, for sure!!
5	$40 for great manicure/pedicure. They spent a lot of time on both. They do an amazing heated bag after the pedicure which coat your feet. I would highly recommend Envy Nails - clean, good value , and nice staff.
1	They are saving money by doing the first coat of polish with some crappy off brand in a similar color. The polish looks really bad, the impurities in the crappy polish are showing. Not recommended.
2	I went to Nail Envy today with my mother for some girly bonding time. We both got pedicures. Unfortunately about 2 minutes into my mother's pedicure the guy clipped off way too much of her nail on her big toe, so much so that it was into the nail bed and it really hurt. The guy muttered "sorry" a few times and my mom was in pain for the rest of her pedicure. The toe looks terrible and hurts. We were not even offered a discount. This should not happen when going in for a professional pedicure. It just shouldn't. Would never go back.
4	good price for what you get.
5	They do a great job at an extremely reasonable rate. It is clean, comfortable and inviting. I've always done walk-ins and have never had to wait.
2	$28 for a pedi, cheap and not good. The bad: She only filed the big toes, and even that was crooked. The color bled all over my skin. No name base and top coats, and the top coat made my polish look worse. Skin around the nails does not look pampered. Overall, I think I've done a much better job shaping and polishing my nails, and smoothening the skin around them at home. Good job making my heel smooth though, but they were pretty good to start with. The good: The salon is very clean and pleasant, great selection of polishes. The staff are very pleasant.Not coming back.
5	Love this place! Excellent attention to detail, and great pedicures. Only have had one mediocre manicure, however I am probably the only one who notices;) I have freakishly high expectations for my nail care, and I always am pleased here.Very friendly care, and you don't have to chit-chat if you don't want to. Also, if you tell them what you like they will follow your request to your specifications.  It's hard to find your go-to salon, but if you are looking for perfectly polished nails this is the place!
5	I've been going to Envy Nails for pedicures and manicures for over a year now.  They are always respectful, hygienic, and being in the salon is an enjoyable experience.  Their nail art skills are fantastic and the prices are very reasonable.  Plus they don't do a lot of acrylics so the salon smells great.  I've been there when it was busy with 5 people waiting (walk ins) and when I had the place to myself (5 inches of snow falling).  Both were comfortable experiences!  They do a really nice foot and leg massage and the massage chairs are wonderful.  I highly recommend Envy Nails and brought my whole wedding party here too.  They now have a printed menu with prices and I've never had them use an off brand polish as some reviewers have.
5	I thought these guys did a great job. Went here after a long week at work and it was very relaxing. The price was reasonable. The technician was very friendly, but let me read and watch the TV while he worked. I would definitely go back.
4	Got most of my wedding party's nails done here last minute.  The staff is very helpful and flexible.  I love all the nail color options they have too!  Only bad thing is that they seem to forget about you if they have put you under the drying lights.
4	Very good in the category of Asian nail shops. Clean, fast, and efficient. They do a nice wax dip towards the end of your pedicure. They used to carry the OPI special collections, but there's still a great collections.
5	Great Shellac manicure!  Friendly and great service, shop is clean and spacious.  Also excellent shellac polish selection - some salons often don't have much to chose from.Tip in cash only fyi.
5	Tried Envy Nails today for the first time with a friend. We both agreed that this was a great experience! We didn't have appointments, but we were relaxing in the pedicure chairs within 10 minutes. We were given paraffin wax dips for our feet and received some quality calf massages! Our toes look great and for only $30 each! We'll definitely be back!
5	I've been going to Envy for several years now. The staff always remembers me and I always receive a warm greeting. They take their time with their pedicures, and offer a variety of add - ons (hot stone massage, sea salt scrub) that enhance the already awesome pedicure. I've really enjoyed the shellac manicures, as long as I chose an OPI color. I also get my eyebrows waxed here. I definitely recommend Envy nails to anyone looking for a great pedi at a great price :-)
5	I came here today with of my 2 girlfriends and we all agreed, this is a great pedicure and a wonderful leg and foot massage. 5 stars!
2	Staff was nice and the place clean and inviting, but the actual service was terrible. Rushed, half-assed and overpriced. Pedicure was around 15 minutes, person seemed annoyed that I didn't want to pay the $5 extra for their sole treatment, and just rushed through the rest. Manicure was truly terrible, there was no cuticle softener used, soaked for literally 2 minutes, and just said my "cuticles were hard" so he basically just put polish on. Will never return.
5	Just left the salon and feel like I am walking on air. Amazing what a great pedicure and foot massage can do for one's spirit.  Am not new to this establishment and have never had a less that fine experience.  All the technicians are excellent.  Today, Nghia, whom I call Dr. Nails, is the reason I write.  His skill and pleasant demeanor are a treat.  And the massage chairs are  terrific., too.
