5	Went to Vitamin World to pick up some supps and I ended spending only about 5 minutes; essentially I was in and out.  The store was well organized and I found what I needed right away.  The girl working at the time was friendly but seemed a bit uninterested in showing me her product knowledge.  Maybe she was just having a "blah" kind of day-- It is the Boulevard mall after all. The prices were better than GNC and I felt a little more comfortable here because I'd rather be left to shop for the things I need rather than being subjected to the GNC staff "sizing-me" up and pestering me by upselling the first item that they could put their hands on.  Plus, since I made a purchase over $25 they gave me a Vitamin World membership card and gave me the member's price to go along with it which I was pretty stoked about.  Overall a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back again with my business next month card in hand.
4	We get our Fish Oil capsules from this store- there's always a coupon in the circulars, for $7.99 per bottle. It's a small store but everything is relatively easy to find- the racks are filled and labeled with signs. I was surprised to find a section on natural products (it's funny how much you tune out when you don't have any interest). Since I was looking for a natural alternative to antiperspirant, I was rather impressed. I first checked out Whole Foods and some of the prices were pretty high. The prices here aren't as steep. It's nice to know that I can get some natural products here and it won't be astronomical. I am slowly making the switch to use less chemicals.My husband asked about some supplements and the sales lady gave her suggestions to him. Of course, she asked if he wanted to join their program, but he declined. As I said before, we usually just get our fish oil capsules from here. There are a lot of locations (like the Meadows & Premium).
4	Went in for emergency head ache Tylenol. The guy at the counter was a genius and asked if I needed water too. I hadn't even thought of that!  Then I found things I haven't been able to find anywhere. Very pleased!
