5	I recently rescued a 1 yr old dog - My MAX!! part poodle and bichon - completely shed-free and hypo-allergenic! He's both sweet and smart.Now even though I rescued him at the PetSmart location at Tatum and Shea - the people from the rescue center suggested to take the training classes at Petco - there's a BIG message!!So in my initial call - I inquired about classes during the week instead of on the weekend to avoid the heavy participation so my Max could focus. They actually gave me private lessons for the price of the regular classes!!! Max excelled in the class and now I m looking into the next level of classes for him to become a service dog!! (ask for the manager Mike) It has made such an difference that Max is so well behaved and obedient - it gives me the confidence to take him anywhere with me!
5	Great store.   Danielle was very friendly.    Thanks for letting us play with the ferrits .
3	I prefer the layout of Petsmart. The staff is friendly and helpful, probably because no other customers were in the store. When I need to drop in to get some canned food for my dogs, the place is deserted.
4	Nice people.  Aisles are a bit narrow compared to PetSmart. It's nice to see they have permanent adoption kennels there for cats.
4	I took my German Shepherd to the groomer here at this Petco and they did such a great job. My dog's coat is so thick and she can be such a hairy mess. But they just cleaned her us so nice. I am very happy and will definitely come back!
4	Nice location, clean, good customer service and selection. Nice Pet Hotel and Grooming areas as well.
1	Between the two of us my mom and I have 5 dogs who need to be groomed regularly. We have used this Petco to do this for some time now. I was hesitant to return to them after my dog was burned by their clippers (if they are used too long they get hot, need a spray to cool them down typically) however, my mom convinced me otherwise and for a while they did a pretty good job. Unfortunately, this last time we used this will be the last time. I would not step foot in that store again. My mom dropped our dogs off at around 10 and the groomer said it would be about 5 hours (sounds about right, and hour per dog), at around 2, I believe, my mom received a call asking a question about one of the dog's cuts and it was then she was informed that there was one dog left and he should be done in an hour or so. At around 6 pm we were a little worried and decided to go check on our pups. When we got there there was absolutely NO ONE in the grooming salon. The lights were even off! We had to walk out into the actual store to find someone to help us. That woman was very helpful, however they couldn't find the groomer!!!! Took them about 10 minutes to find her. Meanwhile we demanded our dogs back so they could go potty! Poor things were in there for 8 hours, and the staff cannot walk them. They finally found the groomer and turns out my 90 pound Goldendoodle STILL  had not been groomed!!!!! So we waited while the groomer and the manager went at poor Teddy with two sets of clippers. My Yorkie still needed his "finishing touches" as well, however, since he is 16 years old I did not have the heart to put him through that again. I guess they were understaffed that day, however they shouldn't have taken that appointment if they couldn't handle it! The dogs who were actually done had patchy cuts and their nails weren't clipped either.  Worst part..... We still had to pay for most of it! We will be using another groomer, rest assured.
1	I have taken my Shitzu Joey there for a long time to get a shampoo and cute, and have not been happy. I was too lazy to go anywhere else. Well now, I'm done with Petco. Their quality is terrible. Pricing is HIGH, and they turnover employees in the grooming all the time. I will spend some time here on Yelp to find a quality, reaonably priced groomer. Goodbye Petco for good!
1	Called Petco as I was trying to take my dog for grooming today.  Ashley answers the phone...looks for me in the system and can't find me. Then, she was patient until there and ask for a second number....a third...they did not find me in the system ( she was cordial). She asked me for me to hold on...then I hold. I got transferred without notice...then Nicole Answers the phone. Asked me for my number, can't find my number...so I told her I got transferred and not sure why as Ashley was looking for my number. Then Nicole, states that my number is not in the system and ask if I was looking for Petco or Petsmart...really??? Never asked me what I needed?...so I hang up and going to another competitor. They just don't realized I have 5 fluffy dogs....I lost 5 or 10 minutes but they lost more than that...
2	Reviewing grooming service only. Second time I've gone to this location to get my dog's nails trimmed (a walk-in service). Both times there's been no one in the grooming area, and the manager has had to search for the groomer. The first time, the groomer was found outside, smoking. This most recent time, the manager thought the groomer might be out at lunch and might be back in 20 minutes if I wanted to wait. Really?! I drove across the street and went to Petsmart instead.
