5	Had to share this business because we are so happy with their work!  We bought a new house and had tons of stuff to do there and at the house we're selling in Chandler.  Travis is honest, reasonably priced, neat, efficient and his work is top notch.  He communicates with us via phone and e-mail so we always know what he's doing and what his plans are.He has fixed drywall, installed canned lights, ceiling fans, chandeliers, ceiling lights, wall sconces, mounted TVs, removed huge mirrors and re-textured the walls, did some reconstruction work re-designing where our TV is mounted, moved cabinets up, stripped, refinished and sealed a dock, is re-building a custom sized door and repaired some water damage under our sink.  He has gotten all of that done in two weeks! I couldn't recommend this company enough.  If you need stuff done around your house, even if it's not listed above, call Travis and see if he can get it done for you.
5	Travis and crew do great work, we just finished a complete remodel of my Master bath and I couldn't be happier. Would definitely recommend and will be using again as we continue our re model.
5	What a wonderful job hanging tv, audio shelf, hiding wires, and doing some electrical work.. Your one time shopping for just about anything around the home. Great job Travis !
5	Look no further people, this is the one to choose. Travis has made this job on my rental property so easy for me and so fast.  Great work at a fantastic price with the best communication you could ask for. No hidden fees and exactly as quoted. Showed up and finished exactly as promised. I would only use Titan again for my next project. Thanks again Travis
5	Travis and Paul do excellent work for a very fair price.  What more can you ask for?  Most recently, they installed brand new door hardware for all the doors in our house, as well as brand new ceiling fans.  They did quick but solid work, were very professional and courteous in our home, and made sure everything was exactly how we wanted it.  They were even great with our dogs and kids running around them half the time!  We would definitely recommend them for any household project.  Travis is honest and knowledgeable and will give you the best advice.  He is what folks are looking for - someone they can trust, that has your best interests in mind, not their own.
5	Good job Travis! Thank you for being so quick and thorough with your service. You are a good communicator. Both you and your partner did what you said you were going to do. I will hire you again if I need your services. You offered a better price than  your competitors. The service was delivered to me with a sincere smile and handshake, and that speaks volumes.
4	Been around when I needed them. I certainly recommend them to others.
