3	The food is very good.  I love the fact that they are adventurous in their menu ingredients.  The only small problem is the service.  They get pretty busy at times and I've been given the wrong drink at least 2 times.  I continue going there for the food quality and price.  They really are very friendly but need to hire more people!
3	For me, atmosphere is equal to taste when it comes to coffeeshops, and Millstone does a good job on both fronts.The cafe's front has a few easy chairs and the counter, while the back room provides more seating for folks who are interested in hanging around for awhile.Their espresso is a bit weak for my taste, but it was still tasty.  I am also a fan of their chocolate chip cookies, which I think are homemade.The menu definitely provides a wider range of options than you'll find in most Buckeye establishments, but I don't know that I'd call it adventurous - mostly sandwiches and breakfast plates.
5	Friendly people great coffee!
5	Great food, drinks, and great service!
4	I work in Buckeye and am getting sick of having Subway every single day, so I thought I'd try something new. Millstone Cafe is an adorable little establishment. It's clean (unlike other places in downtown Buckeye) and the staff is very friendly. I ordered a ham and cheese sandwich with coleslaw. The coleslaw is homemade and very good. The sandwich was yummy too. The ONLY complaint I have is that I felt 8.00 for lunch was a little pricey, but I will definitley return occasionally for the delicious food.
4	This cute, well decorated and clean establishment in the middle of "downtown" Buckeye, AZ shines like a beacon in a storm. Recently it was named as the ONLY restaurant in Buckeye by the Maricopa Co. Health Dept. to get an excellent rating, which means no violations at all. I only mention this because if you've been in any other establishments in this tiny, historic, albeit run down town, this means a lot. Heck, it means a lot in any town! Millstone Cafe serves espresso drinks (my life's blood), breakfast and lunch items. I've eaten both breakfast and lunch here and have been delighted with the quality, preparation, and value of the food I've ordered. My spinach, strawberry and feta with grilled chicken salad the other day was great and so big I had to take about half of it home. The owners are cordial and take customer service seriously (another element lacking in this little corner of the planet).  I'd like Millstone even better if they would start using a more premium espresso bean, like Illy or Stumptown, but then look where I am. I should be grateful for my latte and enjoy it, eh? The next espresso cafe is a long way down the road!
5	Their breakfast bagel with ham & eggs hit the spot, white mocha was delicious! Owners are extremely friendly. Extremely clean and cute shop!
5	Very friendly owners and staff. The food was excellent and my latte was good. A very nice sursprise for downtown Buckeye. Will be going back with friends and family members.
