1	I purchased a 2002 Mercury Sable from my uncle out of the area. On the drive to Charlotte I noticed a slight stutter when at red lights. I figured all I needed was a tune-up or just new spark plugs and wires. The folks at Town and Country agreed. They also wanted me to replace the ignition coil, although I did not seem to have any problems with the ignition. Cost for the job. $857.00 I said no. " brought my car to you for a tune up and thats what I want. How much for the tune up?" Answer: $450.00 Yep!! $450.00 I said no. The problem is that I had agreed when signing the paperwork to a $115.00 diagnostic fee. So I could walk away but it would cost me $115.00 for nothing. Congrats to Town and Country. You got the $115. and I did not complain one bit. I had agreed to the terms. But I took my car and left and I will never ever reccomend this place or do business with them again. PS. I found a very good shop to do the work for just under $300. So I still saved $35.
1	Unfortunately, I can not say I would recommend going to Town and Country Ford to purchase a vehicle. After spending time with a salesman I was told that the deal I was trying to get was impossible. Because I would not allow them to run my credit to run general numbers, I was told by the salesman I was making his job difficult. I have purchased dozens of cars over the years and have never given my social before all the numbers were given. The salesman told me either I let them run my social or they wouldn't do business. At no time did a manager come over and help out. I basically was told either I do it their way or I needed to walk. He told me to leave and that there is no way I could get the deal I wanted. Needless to say I purchased the same vehicle from Keith Hawthorne Ford a couple hours later for less than what I was trying to buy the car for at Town and Country. Some could say that the dealership does not deserve a bad review based on this rather, the salesman didn't do their job. I thought this at first, I just have been asking myself why wouldn't the manager come over and try to stop me from leaving or help work on the deal. Specially, as it was obvious they had a newer salesman.
1	I recently came here for a safety recall having to do with the cruise control of my 2002 Ford Explorer. I had sent an online request for an appointment Tuesday for the recall service (free) and to get "THE WORKS? FUEL SAVER PACKAGE $39.95 OR LESS" which includes free tire rotation. Two days later, I called them after receiving no response. They said that they were having trouble with their e-mail system and to come in on Friday, which I did, arriving around 7:15 in the morning. That, along with tire rotation and oil change, had me ready about 8:45 or so. Unfortunately, the first time, they had charged me for the recall service, which I had to have them correct since per Ford, this should be no charge to me. Because I was in a hurry, I failed to get them to also remove the charge for the tire rotation which was supposed to have been included for free as part of my package. I feel this service department is dishonest and intentionally attempts to avoid honoring their advertised discounts. Very sorry I came here and will not purchase a new car from them in the future.
5	Body Shop did a Great Job!!!Most of the time I Hate Car Dealerships!  Car Salesmen get infuriated with me (I have stories to tell, though not here)! Body Shop!  This review is for the Body Shop!  After the body Shop worked on The Hogasaurus Chimped-out Limo (2000 Honda Civic)  it was in better condition than before the Accident!What impressed me most was that they also cleaned (detailed the interior of my car)!  That was not expected!  This is the Third time someone has hit the Hogasaurus Chimpmobile not counting being shot three times and four windows being knocked out (one was shot out)... Not too bad a record for a 13 year old car!
1	I'm still getting mailers from this place. Nope. I won't go. Keep your stinky coupons. Boo.
1	I had an appointment to see a vehicle on Saturday at 10:15 am, this was confirmed Friday evening also by them. On Saturday morning I drove the hour and forty five minutes to see the vehicle that they had advertised. To my very surprise, it happened to had been sold that morning and, no one bothered to call me. They stated in their ad that you make a VIP appointment and they will have the vehicle available. I believe that the vehicle did not even exist and they just wanted me in there to sell me something else. This is the worst experience with a dealership I have ever had. The manager could care less and the Internet person lied that she tried to call me 30 minutes prior to my arrival which is absolutely absurd!! Does anyone care what happened, NO. I would warn everyone to watch doing business with this dealership , something shady going on here.
1	I would NEVER suggest that anyone shop for a used vehicle at this Ford dealership.  The used car Sales Manager is lacking character and integrity.  They had a vehicle priced online right at the price we were looking for so we went in to see the vehicle.  It was a very basic, no feature vehicle for a college student.  Once we agreed to purchase it, they came out with a price $1000 higher than what was listed.  The Sales Manager came out and tried to make excuses for a 3rd party company that posts their sales ads and that it was their mistake...we told him it wasn't our issue.  He then proceeded to LIE to us about the costs they put into the vehicle...since they would never put into it more than what it's worth.  This man should not be in the position he's in, as they could have easily made up for their $1K mistake just in the day and should have honored the price they advertised...and to sit and lie to our face?  Get some integrity loser!
5	I am very happy with the service department here. My mom came from Maryland and her Mountaineer was acting up again. These guys were able to get her in on the same day. The supervisor was very nice. They easily found out what the problem was. My mom had been trying to figure out where a noise was coming from for over a year and three other shops couldn't figure it out! They even got all of the work done by that night. The cost was reasonable. I give these guys an A+
1	I only gave them one star because it may look like I just didn't rate them if I left it at 0. WORST PLACE EVER!! I was told by a rude salesperson and an even more rude manager that I did not qualify for the 04 ford expedition I went to see before I was even given an opportunity to test drive. After leaving highly upset I stopped down the road at City Chevrolet where I was greeted by a courteous sales professional by the name of Avon Spann "THE CHEVY MANN". Not only did he get me in a 2014 vehicle which I didn't qualify for as far as ford was concerned. But he treated me so well I don't want to buy cars from anyone or anywhere else. Even if you want a Ford still go see The CHEVY MANN @ City Chevrolet. He'll get you anything you ask for. My brother is working with him to buy a BMW that is in Tallahassee, FL
5	I started new position in March which include a company car.  The organization buys the cars and the other company cars came from other dealers.  I phoned and visited over 10 local dealerships and it was if no one listened to my budget, or desires.  I called Town and Country Ford where I had bought my personal vehicle, a 2002 Ford Sport Trac (which I still have and love with over 175,212,000 miles on it) off the show room floor and right away I knew I should had started here.  I was lucky enough to get Holly Kimmel on the phone and WOW, she is awesome.  She listened, and found me exactly what I was looking for at the budget I was allowed to work with from my company. It was so easy and I am a proud owner of a 2014 Ford Taurus with all the bells and whistles and the color, Dark Side is pimpy if I do say so myself.  Also Skipper one of the Sales Mangers brought the paperwork to my boss here at the office. Who does that??? I can's say enough about the sales, the services, the attitude of each person there, they made me  me feel very important.  I highly suggest you call Holly if you want the best service in town!Greg Smithj
1	not happy with this dealership because you cant reach anyone in service and it goes straight to the answering machine and then they never return your calls.
1	Everybody here is very rude,  especially Bill. I stood and waited and asked if someone could help me.  One employee actually WALKED AWAY FROM ME! Bill spent 20 minutes on his cell phone talking about everything but what's related to the dealership. I asked Bill what it would cost to service my car and I got a figure that was completely different than what I was quoted on the phone.  I told him about the quote and he said he would check on it. I wait, and wait, and wait.  It took 30 minutes for him to get back to me and said that nobody here gave me that quote  (I got the impression that he thought I was lying by his tone) and it has always been a certain price and always will be a certain price. I think I will look for another place to have my car serviced next time because of the rudeness and because of the customer service.
4	Our initial visit was very informative, we didn't have an appointment but was greeted right away by Sales guide Chris Williams. Chris let us test drive a SUV, he asked when would be a good time to contact us for follow up and wasn't like your normal car sales agent asking immediately how much you wanted to put down. I will advise anyone going here to not get frustrusted if the sales agent doesn't follow up immediately, town and country have went through extensive changes with new ownership and are working out the kinks in their new systems and plans.  I love that the prices are right on when it comes to value of the car you are looking for and if you are looking for quality then this is the place.I personally would ask for Chris Williams, he will work with to get you what you desire, not what they feel you would like.We purchased our new SUV Saturday and had a  personable, inviting, and informative experience.
