4	Such friendly staff and convenient, I never have to go to the post office and wait in line to ship anything. Also my packages always get to wherever I need on time.
2	They advertise they are authorized to ship FedEx but they do not ship FedEx ground. The staff is friendly.  Costly, but convenient.
5	I am never dissatisfied coming here!Living pretty far from my family, I mail a lot of cards, gifts, etc. I could take my mail/packages to the USPS office directly, but between the two, Postnet actually (somehow) gets it to my family faster. ;)
1	So I need to make two black and white copies off of a flash drive.  It's Saturday afternoon, and I walk into this PostNet.  Normally, I would go across the street to the SafeShip (on NE corner of Warm Springs and Durango), but it's a bit farther and I thought I would give PostNet a try.  What a disappointment. First off, the staff wasn't very friendly (to myself and the customer in the front of me...but that can be typical for Las Vegas).  I get pointed to a computer to make the two copies.  A minute and a half later I am done.  Total cost....two dollars (well, $1.96).  Never mind that they advertise a copy as $.45 a page.  I ask why it's a dollar more and I am told it's because I used the computer, and they could charge me another $5 to do so.  Wow, so I guess I should be happy they only charged me $2 (instead of $7).  Yeah, but I'm not.  Makes the friendly guy at SafeShip (who only charges me like 30 or 40 cents) really awesome.  Never again to this PostNet.
5	I brought in two containers of vintage Apple computers...heavy, awkward....and homely. The nicest guy around, bagged, wrapped, boxed, taped, reinforced ..you name it. Always with a smile and kindness.Can't go wrong here, full service and a great attitude!You'll find this place towards the north end of Vons parking lot!
1	Worst place!!!!! Worst service!!!!! Guy is never there to make keys!!!! Tell you to come back come back!!!!!! Slow slow slow!!!!!
1	RUDE!! I had a FedEx pickup scheduled at work. I didn't have any FedEx envelopes, so on my lunch hour, I went into PostNet. I usually go across the street to SafeShip - but I was also doing a bank run and thought it would be OK. Wow. No.Here's how this played out:Me: I need a FedEx envelope for a pick up that has already been scheduled.Them: Do you have an account?Me: Yes.Them: What is the number:Me: I'm unsure. The label is at work. I just need an envelope - we ran out.Them: (heavy eye roll and sigh) You know you still have to pay postage, just the envelope won't work. Me: yes...(at this point getting a little frustrated)Them: ...with no proof of account, this is the best I can do (hands me a Soft Pak). Next time provide proof. Next in line...Next time? No. No next time. Seriously - I'm sending a piece of paper in the mail and the guy gives me a soft pak - the huge padded envelopes usually use to ship clothing. Ridiculous.Go across the street to SafeShip. (NE corner of Durango and Warm Springs)
1	Only when you thought things couldn't get worse for a business that you have No!!!!!! Idea why people keep coming back!!!! Today I just went in to mail an envelope there was 3 people in line not one out of the 3 did he say HELLO, HOW MAY I HELD YOU!!!! This was his response "YES" O' I'm sorry I guess it's to hard for us paying customers to just be nice for a minute!!!! As he helped these customers mail there packages you could tell he was annoyed by them asking pricing and how fast packages would get there and WOW!!!! Don't ask about inc. for you items you are mailing that will get a huff like you just asked him to mail it by driving it on his way home!!!!! Where is the owner of this place?????
1	Do not go here. Just dont.They try to rip you off any way that they can. Overpriced. Talk to you like you're an absolute idiot, argued with two different people from there. Zero knowledge on how to treat customers. I cannot believe I wasted my money here. I want the 10 minutes of my life that I spent in this dump back.
