3	This store boasts that no animals they sell are the product of puppy mills, which is a big relief to me (if it's true). They sell dogs, rabbits, ferrets, parakeets... They all seem happy and healthy, albeit a little bored. It's nice for a pet store.
1	One star because they flat out lied to us. This is the sort of thing I loathe about so many American businesses. They are willing to lose potentially lifelong customers for the sake of saving $100 or so. Here is what happened. We wanted to get a shelter dog. But it quickly became apparent that the right mix of breed and age was going to be difficult to find at a shelter (I have a preschool age son and two cats, so we thought a puppy would be the best fit) . So we started to look at breeders and private families. One day we decided to stop here just to look at a variety of breeds in one place, with no intention of actually buying anything there. The thing is, they had this little dachshund puppy that we really fell in love with. The price was too high, but they came down $150 and said when we picked him up we would be able to draw from a bucket and receive either $100, $200 or $300 worth of store credit. We finally decided to bite the bullet and pay way more than expected, figuring at least the drawing would allow us to get his supplies. At the time he had an ear infection and we had to wait ten days to pick him up.You can guess what happened. We show up to get the dog and they tell us that we do not get to draw because of the deal they made us at the beginning and a $40 "kennel" they gave us that day. During the course of the ten day wait we had been visiting the puppy at the store so I was not about to tell my four year old to forget about his puppy so, of course I still took the dog. But they are now on my list of most hated businesses, along with Thrifty Rent-a-Car and Olive Garden--the sort of place I will talk about for the rest of my life. It is a shame because up until this time our experience was positive.
4	I worked in pet shops long before people started getting PC about them. Not all are equal and it's duly noted even the haters like to ' look ' at the pets. This is a nice store. It is over priced but so are cars. I'm a vet tech and I feel so long as breeders breed it's fine these places adopt out the pets. There are MUCH worse starts to pets lives trust me. I've seen it all.
3	As far as pet stores go, this one I guess is ok. I'm not the biggest fan of all the animals sitting behind glass jail cells, but at least the staff are nice. Big thing for me is some of the breeders were reputable, which is a good thing. I hope that all their breeders are. Prices are rediculous for some of the dogs but guess that is how it goes. Overall, if you're gonna go pet store,
1	I'll give one star because the animals looked happy and well cared for and were absolutely adorable.Unfortunately we received terrible service at the AZ Mills location.  It was the day after Christmas 2013 and granted, there were a lot of people around, but every employee guarded the animals with a scowl.  There was no welcoming feeling here.  They had such adorable baby animals, it was all we could do to look....I knew we were going to end up walking out of there with a baby bunny under our arm. We had been looking for the right one and it looked like we found it.  I was caught up looking at the puppies and my daughter and my neice got the approval, from me,  to pick out a bunny.  When they went to pick out a bunny an employee came and shut the lid on their hands and said "can't you read, don't touch the animals!"  My daughter was humiliated because she is special needs and she thought that now everyone knew she had trouble reading. She  came running to find me, and when she told me, while crying, what was said to her and my neice, I thought they must be overreacting.  So when I went over to the bunnies I opened the bunny cage and i was greeted with rudeness from yet another employee asking if there was anything she could help me with, as she had already told the girls that customers were not allowed to hold the animals.  Why are the cages open?  How is someone supposed to bond with an animal when they have a smug employee standing over them?  It became clear that my girls were correct in how they were treated.  I closed the lid and told the employee that "No, we will buy our rabbit elsewhere."  It is beyond asinine for a pet store to try to sell animals, at ridiculously high prices,  and not allow people to freely get to know the pets they intend to buy.  When we left we had all employee eyes on us like we were criminals.  I understand employees need to be around to supervise but this place is takes it too far.  We will stick to our favorite pet stores where employees appear to enjoy their jobs and the people they serve.  Pratts Pet Store & Feed Market and Choice Pet Market are wonderful stores that allow you to freely touch, hold and pet the animals they are trying to sell and they also have a friendly inviting staff.  Why would anyone shop at a store that is so over priced and unfriendly to the public.  I understand the argument of "insurance costs" but if that is the case then how do other pet stores like Pratts Pets and Choice Pet Market do it?
1	I should have read reviews first before purchasing a puppy from this company.....  This company claims they do not get puppies from puppy mills however after doing the research on the breeder of my new puppy I found they are a very large puppy mill and they in fact have been protested many times. Purchasing a puppy from this company is a guarantee you will spend lots of money at the vet that they own as well and waiting to see if the Warranty will give pay you back for all spent.  This store has a history of exactly what took place with my puppy send the puppy home with a clean bill of health and in fact he has a parasite that requires treatment, testing , and upper respiratory infection that requires meds as well.  Lets not forget that many return trips to the vet on the other side of town to get meds after test results came in.  I have made contact with CPI the owner of Animal Kingdom and no help from them either.  This place is a joke and the person who did all of our paper work for our new puppy is now very rude and disrespectful guess after she got her commission she was done with us..  I hope this helps anyone looking for a puppy to steer clear of this RIP OFF place.
1	I bought the NUTRI-STAT SUPPLEMENT for my puppy without more research first (my fault!). It cost me $14.99 and when I look online the price actually only $4.99. WAY OVERPRICE!!!!! STAY AWAY!!!! And don't bring your puppy (that you get elsewhere) here because they will try to make you like you did something wrong about get the puppy from other place and not from them. JUST STAY AWAY!!
1	Selling puppies from breeders never is OK. With thousands of perfectly good dogs being euthanized in overcrowded shelters, how can any store proudly support the breeding of even more dogs for profit. Animal Kingdom needs to get with the times and begin offering dogs from shelters instead of breeders.
1	The people that work here are awful. I've never felt more unwelcome. I asked one associate, whom was busy playing with a faret and asked to play with a puppy, she did not say one word the entire time, and played with her farret for longer and than finally, rolling her eyes, went to get the dog. The dog was outrageously sad, did not care for toys, and wanted to be held. They do not care for their animals at all...except for the farret. I've come here about three times now and received the same service from every single people in the store. Is there any happy person that works in this store, do any of them care or love the dogs? And seeing the reviews of the unhealthy dogs I can completely agree. I will get my animal from a shelter, people that work at shelters completely love the animals more than them. This place is awful, I'd give it 0 stars if I could, especially the people that work there. I wish I could take all the poor puppies and have them held.
1	This place is just sad! The employees are too lazy to let you meet any of the animals. These kind of businesses should be shunned and shamed for their practices. How can we as a society allowed businesses like this to survive?
1	This place has a sign out front that claims to "help" the community, they even say they give a reward for spaying and neutering to "help" over population. Yet all of these dogs are coming from breeders!! There's another sign right under that sign that says "meet the breeders" ARE PEOPLE THIS STUPID?! These businesses are disgusting, depressing, and infuriating.  I beg everyone to please go to your local shelter. So many dogs are killed off every day because people buy from breeders like this! These businesses can't be allowed anymore, we all need to know better by now! A living creature cannot be mans profits or business. It's wrong. These poor dogs are stuck in these glass bowls,  some starting to grow pretty large :( it's sad to say you shouldn't buy these dogs, because every one of them deserves a chance, you just can't support this company and allow them to continue doing what they do!
1	DO NOT PURCHASE AN ANIMAL FROM HERE! These dogs are coming from puppy mills.  At puppy mills they do not care about quality, it's all about quantity. Dogs are caged and forced to breed, and once they can no longer breed, they are killed.  By purchasing an animal from here, you are supporting puppy mills.  If you do further research on the breeders they provide, you will see that they are all from puppy mills. Most of the dogs here are sick because they have not been treated properly.  They are in little glass windows that are full of diseases.  They have no love and attention.  These dogs should be out running and playing not helplessly trapped in a 3x3 cubicle!! It makes me sad to see these puppies and I want to save them all, but paying for them is going to give money to this horrible company that supports puppy mills and the mistreatment of animals! Here's a link to a video on puppy mills if you want to know more http://m.humanesociety.org/issues/puppy_mills/
