4	Top Shelf is what I call "Mexican Comfort Food."  It's the kind of Mexican food that I grew up with - cheesy, sorta greasy, good food.  Their enchilada sauce is killer.It is definitely the kind of place you go to when you want a good, solid meal - it isn't WOW, but it isn't bad.  I heard once that the sign of a good Mexican food is good beans - Top Shelf has them.  I never asked if they are vegetarian... at the time, I didn't want to know. (so they probably aren't)Go to Top Shelf.  Not on a first date, but on the 4th or 5th, when you want a good meal without any pretention.  Yum.
4	For 3 years I have lived less than a mile from Top Shelf, and for more than half that time I would drive by and scoff ... What kind of name is Top Shelf ? Sounds like a strip club, not  a Mexican joint.Well, I wish I wouldn't have been so prejudice. This place is awesome. My mouth waters every time I think about it.  I only eat 2 things here, the chips and salsa and the Carne fundido. Its all I need. Oh, add a pitcher of margaritas and I am in hog heaven.First the chips & salsa -- this is one of the rare places that brings you 2 bowls of salsa. One mild and chunky. One puree of the HOT stuff. Mix n match and you have a nice treat before the big meal. They also have bottled hot sauce on the table. The possibilities are endless! Next, the fundido -- I LOVE fundido. Top Shelf has THE BEST I have ever had. Its rich, creamy, tangy, smoky and delish. For the gringos out there, this is a chimichanga smothered in a spicy cream cheese sauce. This is not health food, but being happy is healthy, so its all equal in the end. Live a little and try it. They have pollo fundido too...Top it off with some margaritas. Real, salty, tangy margaritas. And guess what?!?! They actually put tequila in them!! Thats more than I can say about the majority of the cheap Mexican places around the valley. Anyway - go to Top Shelf. It's awesome. Who cares about what they have on the wall (the have a sweet tropical mural!). You go to a restaurant to eat, not judge their interior decorating style. Have  a margarita and forget that materialistic stuff~~
1	We used to go here all of the time.  Then one day the waiter refused my substitution of a flour tortilla for corn on my enchilada, despite having requested and received this modification on countless occasions before.  It got ugly.  Turns out that they would not satisfy my request because they made all of the enchiladas in the morning and would not make a fresh enchilada for me. I was livid.  This was WAY before I discovered Yelp.  I asked to speak with the manager who was a total jerk.  I vowed never to return.  Three years later...I happened to be in a forgiving mood and we happened to be in the neighborhood so we decided to stop by and try it out again.  Alas, the prices had climbed too high, the food wasn't as good as we remembered, and the service sucked (they got my husband's order wrong) and the rest is history.  I vow once again never to return.
2	Over priced and the food is blah, the only thing that I found good on the menu was the choco taco, and those can be picked up for a couple of bucks at any convenience store.
3	According to my friend I met here for dinner last night, this cozy little Mexican 'cantina' has been around forever, but this was my first time. The place was pretty quiet when we got there around 6 and although there were lots of open tables, they sat us by a family of 6 with little kids who were not too happy to be there. We figured, oh well, they looked like they were almost done. But wouldn't you know, they sat another table right by us with another family with a baby. I just can't figure out why they do that??? However, the food is good greasy, cheesy type Mexican. I had the chicken enchiladas (which would have been better if they had more enchilada sauce and less sour cream.) My friends had the Mexican pizza, which they pronounced as delicious. Service was friendly and efficient. But the best part of the evening was when I saw the hostess taking a big cup of ice water outside to a person who was waiting at the bus stop in front. That simple gesture made my evening!
3	I read about Top Shelf here on Yelp!, so I decided to give it a try in lieu of my weekly brunch with a friend.  We went early, around 5pm and requested to sit outside since it was such a nice evening.  (NOTE: Sitting outside = inhaling smoke from all the smokers coming outside, so be forewarned.)  We enjoyed the chips and salsa they brought out before our meal, and they were quick to refill the chips when we went through them.  I ordered the fish tacos, which came in three and in flour tortillas with a side of jalapenos and pico de gallo and rice and beans.  They were good and greasy and really filling.  My friend ordered the pollo grande, which was so big, he couldn't finish it.  He said they were good, but they were just meh.  The cons: the prices were a little high for a Mexican restaurant, and the ambience was sort of bleh, but...The pros: the food is decent enough, the employees are friendly, and it does the job of fulfilling your Mexican food craving.  It's just not anywhere I'm rushing to get back to. PS: If you go in a group, know that they're cool about splitting a bill.
4	I know a lot of people have less than stellar things to say about Top Shelf....but they have the best salsa around!  I started taking my sister and her roommate there, and they literally eat bowls of the stuff!  It is so fresh tasting, with just enough heat to keep you coming back for more!I also love their Green Chile Beef, it is some of the best around.  The meat is so tender and there is a good amount of heat going on with it as well.  For those watching their waistlines, they even have a Lite & Healthy Menu with nutrition facts...how many Mexican restaurants offer that?While I have never seen the place packed by any means....the food is always consistently good....so you people are missing out!
2	I was in Mesa for a workshop over the weekend, and this was a convenient place to eat. I wasn't overly impressed. The food was ok, and there was nothing wrong with it, but I expected more from Mexican food in AZ.
4	The food is always good along with the service.  It is a great place to get a good meal and a cold beer whether it is just a cheese crisp or the all you can eat chips and salsa up in the"cantina".  My wife loves it all and I love all of the t.v's and beer selection up in the bar.
4	Love the food. Always had friendly service. Chicken tacos are my favorite here.
3	Ate there years ago and the food was pretty good. This time it was nothing special. I guess Ill have to keep looking for a really consistently good Mexican place.
3	Decent food, big portions.  Their specialty seems to be chimichangas based on the large selection of them on the menu to choose from.  They also have a great enchilada style chicken burrito that is very large, with your choice of red or green sauce.  I had mine with red sauce, which had a nice slightly smokey, deep flavor.
4	Thursday Karoke night.I got a taco salad.Served in a fried shell.Laid back cool staff.I liked it. Relatively big proportion and tasty, fresh ingredients.I would suggest adding your own toppings to enhance the flavor because it might be a tad bland for the average Jane/Joe.
3	Ok, so let me start this by saying that I love the Top Shelf on 35th ave and greenway and when I lived in Seattle, anytime I visited I would go there first. I always got the same thing.... chicken fajita burrito fundido. Heart attack on a plate.... but  so worth it. So forward to now, I live in Mesa. When my friends suggested going to top shelf I was excited. We went and I ended up getting just the regular burrito fundido due to the 5 dollar price difference at lunch time between that and the fajita version. So it may be my fault for not getting what I know I like, but it just didn't measure up. I didn't think it tasted nearly as good as what I have gotten at the phoenix location for years. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to write home about either. So I was disappointed. The chips and salsa was still good and the food still blew Macayos and Manuels out of the water, so I'll give it that. Next time I guess I'll have to drive an hour to get the real stuff.
4	Pretty good place.  Separate bar area upstairs with lots of TV's for sports.  Nice size portions.  A little pricey, but big portions.
3	I've eaten here a couple of times...not really because it's that great of a restaurant but because they always offer Buy 1 Get 1 coupons. I know that sounds awful; I'm compromising the quality of meal for price but it's a great deal if I am craving sit down Mexican food and don't have a ton of money to spend. The food isn't bad, it's just nothing special. But their cheese enchilada is good and their rice is pretty good. Chips and salsa are good. I no longer eat meat but their shredded beef taco was also pretty tasty. The service is usually okay, no one goes over the top to be super friendly but it's satisfactory. This seems like a pretty big restaurant but I've only seen one part of the dining room, which usually isn't very full. Overall, if you're not looking for a meal to change your life, just want some Mexican food to satisfy a craving and you want something easy on your wallet, this is a pretty good choice.
1	Years ago I ate here at least once a week and it was great.  So, I decided to stop by and pick-up a to go order.  I got the 3 taco dinner and was really disappointed.  The tacos were so-so at best and there was maybe a tablespoon of rice with the meal.  The dinner was $14 and not worth $4.  The most disappointing thing was the pico de gallo which was obviously very old and smelled like vinegar.  I hate it when an old favorite goes bad and no one seems to care.  I truly doubt if I will ever go there again.And so endeth the lesson.
3	We stupidly decided to have my husband's birthday get together there without having gone for several months. We thought it would be fun to have a group upstairs for drinks and dinner. When we got there we were sadly disappointed. There was a really strange smell that got worse as we were led to the banquet room because the upstairs bar area has been closed down. The food was good, not great. They had no drink specials going on at the time, although I could've sworn that the website said that they had happy hour on Saturdays . One of the water pitchers was cracked and ended up leaking quite a bit before we realized what was happening. The real saving grace was our waitress, whose name I forgot to write down and therefore have since forgotten, she was so accommodating and quick with the refills and to get us a new pitcher that didn't leak. She is the reason I added an extra star to my review.
4	Top Shelf has been in business since the 70's.  How does a restaurant stay in business that long - especially with this economy?  GOOD FOOD!  Top Shelf has had consistently good mexican food for the last 30+ years and we always enjoy going there.  The Top Chimi with guacamole and sour cream is always good.  And the basics - taco, enchilada, rice and beans are as good as anyone in the valley.  You get a big bowl of chips with a large bowl of very tasty salsa when you are seated.  Also, you must try the cheese crisp.  We always say it is the best out of all the mexican places we have tried.  AND, we always get service with a smile when we go.
5	I am a fan of Top Shelf Mexican Food because of the chips and salsa, and for their rendition of my all-time favorite food: a bean burro, enchilada style. The taste is awesome to me. The waiter, Nate/Nathan was very friendly. He had the orders memorized for some of the patrons. The burro is $4.95 with enchilada sauce (I like the red sauce). The drinks, root beer, etc., are $2.50, and they have free refills. My total was $8.12 for these two items. I would eat there five days a week if my budget allowed it.
4	This place has been here for a long time. So i have visted more than once. We came here last night for dinner,and it was really good. You can get your food to go,or eat here at the restaurant.   I did not give it 5 stars,just because it is a little dirty looking and you totally use a spruse up.   Other than that ,we were sat right away to a comfortable booth. My girlfriend got coffee which was nice and fresh,and i got Ice tea which they refilled for us several times..........Our food was really good ,We both got fish tacos that came with a lot of rice and beans. Chips and salsa were good as well. There was so much food we had to take some to go.  The price is very good as well. No complaints here.
5	Stopped in at Mesa's Top Shelf Mexican Restaurant. I have to say, it was the BEST EXPERIENCE received at a spot to eat yet. A couple of minor dips hit on the part of the kitchen, but what we wanted we got. Service was "TOP SHELF" to say the least. Cameron, our server out-did himself. I suggest you ask to sit in his station if you visit anytime soon. For a party of six, the price was real nice. We are full and fully satisfied. *FYI. It sounded like they knew how to throw one mean party upstairs as well. Check it out.
1	I lost all interest in going here after a big cockroach crawled across our table a little before the nachos were delivered. And yes, we still ate after seeing that. I left traumatized.
4	I have been going to Top Shelf for almost 30 years.  I grew up eating their shredded beef burritos at the Scottsdale and Shea location which has since closed.  I don't live in Mesa, but any time I have a chance and am in the neighborhood, I stop by the Southern and Dobson location.  The shredded beef has not changed and is probably some of the best shredded beef you will find in AZ.  Their margaritas are tasty and their chips and salsa are amazing.  This is a great place for a tasty Mexican food dinner.
1	My husband and I were meeting some old friends of his here. When we walked upstairs we sat down, but we noticed everything was falling apart, so we moved to a different table and ordered our food. Needless to say, the food was dry! I ordered fajitas and the beef was so dry it was hard to chew. I was disappointed especially for how much they charged.
1	Came here.on cinco de mayo .told us margaritas were on special. They came in,dixie.cups.,waited about 10 min to be seated,and the restaurant was not even half full. the tables were disgustingly dirty and service was slow
2	I brought my two sons here for a Sunday lunch and we all agreed to never go back.  Nothing stood out as terrible, but it just wasn't great food.
4	good service..always enjoyed the same dish i always order..definitely worth the but 1 get 1 free dinner coupon
3	This was a child hood staple and has always been a place my family has went to, not just immediate but extended as well. Over the years this place has just kept going down hill. I use to rave about this place how it had the best Mexican food around but now I won't even tell any one if I eat there. Very sad indeed, I hope some one comes along and restores this place to its former glory.
