5	A student recommended I check this place out since it is down the road from work.  I went in yesterday craving something yummy and different and I found it!The owner working that day was a total sweetheart and neglected his meal to help me out (I came in for a 5PM lunch)...he offered suggestions and was very helpful, and I settled on the Pastrami meal fries = with cheese, pastrami, chili and jalepenos...yum.  It is enough for 3 meals at least, and both him and the chef in the back offered to go boxes with a grin.  I also got free refills on my coke, and while tending to the drive-thru, the person got a massive fresh lemonade refilled while waiting for his to go order! I was impressed.A cute family was eating in there while I was there, and the little girl told me I was pretty.  That pretty much made my day.  I know eating fries for a meal was delicious and all but I will come back and try some sandwiches because they sound outstanding!Definitely a good experience and I will be back!!
3	Ordered the pastrami sandwich and I am not sure if it lives up to the hype. It had a lot of meat but it was about $9.00 just for the sandwich alone. I am really picky when it comes to pastrami because i like it thick and juicy just like the way they have it in New York City. I also had the Italian roast beef with onions and peppers and side of au jus. The beef was tender and flavorful which was accented by the onions and peppers. The au jus made it even better. I would give it more stars if the price was a little bit less. More than likely, I would go back to try something else.
5	Wow, you must get delivery service you will make a killing!!!!
4	2 words: 502 Fries. My coworker picked up some of these fries for me ater he had been raving about them. Rib eye steak + Pastrami + chili and cheese+ jalapenos + fries = WOW. I ate 1/4 and almost had a heart attack, but enjoyed every moment while scarfing it down. I can't say much for the location, service, etc. because I didn't actually go there, but if these fries indicate anything else about this place, I'm sure its awesome.
4	Good Lord! Damn good meal. I had myself the 502 Fries, and now I feel like taking a nap. Beware, there is no parking lot. so park next door.
5	I haven't Yelped anything in awhile but this place deserves coming out of my Yelp sabatical.This is the newer location.  The original store was opened on Decatur Blvd.  The way we found this restaurant was we were looking for a Dunkin' Donuts but by the time we found one, it was already closed. (Boo!)  Well, we decided to grub somewhere we couldn't find in San Diego and away from the Strip.  Anyways, we found this place through Yelp!  We walked in and we were greeted by Lou.  Dude was cool, very friendly and helped us out with our questions about the menu.  Basically, he said everything on the menu comes in two sizes - big and BIGGER!  No lie!!!! Well, this place is definitely not for anyone who is on a diet or who doesn't have an appetite... the portions here are MEAN!!!  Everything is also made fresh... the fries, the burger patties, the pastrami slices...I ordered the "Zombie Burger".  Why do they call it a Zombie Burger? My guess is that after you finish grubbin, you'll be so dayam full you'll be walkin around like a zombie... That's just a hunch, but f*ck, that's how I felt... My friends and I also shared an order of 502 Fries... OMG! Delish... If I were to compare this to another restaurant I've been to, I would say it is similar to Hodad's in San Diego... but, with a lot more selection on the menu... I was definitely satisfied and I would definitely come back here again... After our first visit here, this place has become a "must visit" every time we come to Vegas... Cruise by and see for yourself... but make sure you bring your appetite...BTW, I have a feeling Guy Fieri will be visiting this place soon so we might be seeing this place in Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives... if he does, well, you'll know this place is legit for sure... :)
5	I found this place, believe it or no by using the yelp app on the iPhone and believe me, I'm happy that I came to this place.  I believe the name of the burger I ordered is the Chipotle Burger.  To my surprise, this thing was massive.  Meat, egg, fries, cheese all stuffed in between two buns.  This burger was great and I can't describe it enough so you just have to stop by and check it out yourself.  Upon reading the reviews of this place, @AJ d mentioned the 502 fries so my buddies and I decided to order it and they were off the hook. On a side note, ordering a burger and the 502 fries for one person might be a little much so you have been warned.  As for the negative aspect, there is none.  The people that worked there was friendly and very patient as my friends and I stared at the menu.This place gets a five star rating in my book, and now has become a must stop place every time I end up in Vegas.  This little blue shack on Tropicana is a most definite place to check out for local eateries and a nice place to step out of the typical buffets.
5	Awesome selection of "greasy-spoon" grub with some TLC you would never expect.Major props to Lou - quite the host.  When you ask what's the best they've got - he proudly proclaims EVERYTHING!He may be right - and on my upcoming visits - I will try and find out.
4	After our recent visit to the Sammy's L.A. Pastrami on Decatur, we were told that we need to visit the one on Tropicana.  Of course, this didn't take any persuading for the Husband who had his dinner planned out before he saw me.This location is a bit bigger with a few tables inside the walk up counter, tables outside, and of course, their drive through.  Two people worked here when we went - one working the back and the other working the front.Sticking with what they know best - pastrami, the Husband went for the Pastrami Burger "A 1/4 lb burger topped with Sammy's famous pastrami, mustard, pickle & provolone." ($7.59)  He was also convinced to add a fried egg on top as well (99 cents)!  Since having their pastrami sandwich only a week ago, this burger is big but not quite as big as the sandwich.  But then again, it's loaded with hamburger meat, pastrami, and now a fried egg.  So, it's a serious burger.  He was digging it and ate it all up himself!I was sticking with their signature fries and again went for the Garlic Romano, this time a large for $4.99.  Their large size is HUGE compared to the medium at the other location. I have no idea why!  We easily finished the medium before, but we didn't stand a chance with the large here.  Yikes!We also shared a large Handmade Pomegranate Lemonade ($3.99).  Originally I asked for a frozen lemonade, but the guy working the counter suggested the regular one would be better.After we put in our order, we took a seat outside to enjoy the spring evening and our food soon arrived.  The counter guy also came by to ask how we liked the food and even gave us refills on the lemonade.  Sweet!  He was definitely a friendly one and he knew more about when the place was going to be featured on the Food Network too.Of course, we didn't finish the fries but the Husband brought them home.  He said they tasted even better the next day after a few minutes in the toaster oven.  Lucky! They also have gift certificates available at restaurant.com for this location.
4	Food excellent. Service, only one person manning place. It was a Sunday and usually he is there by himself according to the guy. We were lucky there were only two other parties there but it still took a good 30 minutes to get our food. Food was excellent & plentiful, my kids loved the garlic fries, BBQ fries & lemonade. Pastrami sandwich, Pastrami burger, Philly cheese steak & Italian beef were all excellent. Don't expect a 3 star ambiance, there is none only plentiful & excellent  comfort food.
4	I have never heard of this place prior to browsing the pages of Vegas restaurants on the Restaurant.com website.  I read the reviews here- and figured that we had to try it.First I want to say that this location is not in a sketchy part of town as someone else mentioned.  I grew up in Vegas, and this is just an older part of town.Parking is okay.  It's actually kind of hard to figure out where you are supposed  to park, but we were informed that next time we can park at the old Al Phillips cause that place in un-occupied.So lets get to to food.  It is so hard to decide what to get.  We don't like pastrami, but the menu is full of things that aren't pastrami.  So we ended up with burgers.  My husband had the Big Ass Bacon Cheeseburger.  It was good- and huge.  It has a ton of cheese- really, it's a lot.  Almost too much.  The fries were decent, but they are like shoestring fries and we aren't really a fan of those- a friend of ours says they have fatter fries, we'll have to check next time.  The strawberry lemonade was AWESOME.  The hamburger meat seems a little bland though- maybe add some season salt?  Luckily the burgers are piled with a bunch of other stuff that's got some flavor so it's still good.The building is kinda like a little shack.  The indoor dining area has 5 tables I believe and each table seats 4.  There is also outdoor seating.  I don't know if they have highchairs- I didn't see any(they do have a kids menu though).  I don't know about a customer bathroom either?The guy who rings you up is the owner I believe.  He kinda talks A LOT- well not kinda, he talked about random things to all the customers eating almost the entire time we were there(he also liked to brag about all the food and how good it was).  Don't get me wrong- the food is good, but I think some of it is a bit overdone and impossible to eat and it's not like I was in food heaven while eating it.  So if you want a quiet lunch- eat outside.This place is good and the prices are good.  We will return.
5	Okay so I happen to know the owners (Bryan on Trop & Brian on Decatur).  I have eaten there so many times it almost scary.  I take every person I know that visits from out of town to Sammy's.  I have even provided Diners, Drive-in's & Dives all of Sammy's information.  They would be foolish not to put this place on that show.  The food is delish & the servings massive.I am hoping that one day soon we will see another Sammy's location in North Vegas.I can honestly say that the Fries are the best I have ever had.  From the assortment of seasoned fries, to the Bacon cheese fries.  Heavenly.  And the great thing is they are never greasy.My personal favorite is either the Pastrami sandwich or the Pastrami fries.  Who would have thunk to put Pastrami on Fries?  My co-workers alway order the 502 Fries.  A pound of Fries topped with 2 different meats, chili, cheese etc...yes it is a heart attack waiting to happen.I have also tried the Big Assed Bacon Cheeseburger.  It was a bit too big for me but it was so so good.  My son loves the Chipotle Burger.  Everyone I have ever taken to Sammy's has loved the experience.  Both locations bring your food to the tables. As many drink refills as you can handle.  It is for sure...service with a smile.  And Bryan is not afraid to tell you to stop visiting him so much so you dont gain weight.  I do have to say though...Bryan...Put one in North Vegas puhlease!!!
5	It's a terrible tragedy that there are no locations in the San Diego area! 3 days later & I still crave another "Big A$$ Bacon Cheeseburger". A super huge, super greasy, heap of heavenly goodness with 12 pieces of bacon added....need I say more?4th best thing in the world after oxygen, money, then sex! The only bad thing is that they don't give out bibs....LOL
2	Pastrami was good, bread was soggy. Cajun fries had a good seasoning. Fresh strawberry lemonade was probablly the best thing in the meal. This place isn't even close to Johnny's Pastrami in LA, which blows it out of the water.
4	I saw a restaurant.com certificate for Sammy's, Yelped it and saw that it had decent reviews and decided to buy one for my Vegas trip.  My boyfriend and I got there around 2pm last Thursday and the place was empty.  The owner, Bryan, took our order and assured us that his place is legit as it was super crowded earlier (not that I doubted him).  He was really friendly and funny and made for some good company while we ate.Now on to the food, we went with the 502 Fries and the L.A. Style Pastrami Sandwich as well as a fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade and a mango milkshake to wash it all down.  My lemonade was nice and tart, the way I like it.  I also tried some of my boyfriend's shake and it was very custardy and yummy but unfortunately didn't taste mango-y at all (Bryan made a really big batch and was nice enough to give him refills).  Anyway, the star of the meal was definitely the pastrami...sooo delicious!  When Bryan brought out the 502 Fries, my jaw dropped.  That thing was HUGE!!  Together, we ate maybe a third of it before giving up.  I couldn't even touch the pastrami sandwich (my boyfriend did finish his half though so kudos to him).We left Sammy's stuffed and armed with leftovers for dinner (they still tasted surprisingly good 5 hours later, lol).  I'm really glad I found Sammy's through restaurant.com...next time I'll have to remember to bring at least two more people with me and attempt to finish the beast known as The 502 Fries ;)
5	My moms friends over at zappos kept ranting and raving about this place so we decided to try it. I'm from ny and I've been.craving a philly cheesesteak for like many years! I just tried theirs and omg is it amazing! There garlic fries are super yummy! TUphanx Brian! :)
3	Just left Sammy's L.A. Pastrami. First the non-food negatory stuff. Parking nearly nonexistent.  16 persons in the dining room is a full house, but they do have outdoor seating.  The area IS slightly on the questionable side, I drove around the surrounding area.) but that doesn't deter me from seeking good food. The ambiance? Well, that also doesn't deter me.That said, the L.A. pastrami I had, (reg.) was heavy on the pastrami. The only criticism is that it needed to be a bit more peppery. The roll it came on,  a little soggy, dropped my high expectation for this sandwich considering all the rave reviews. Maybe I'm being a little rough, maybe I'm just spoiled having had Better in Los Angeles.  But I want that taste here! Continuing...Plenty of mustard and could have used a few more pickles. Over all this sandwich, out of 10 napkins, this was a sixer.I think if they use a better roll and pepper up the Pastrami and maybe offer some of those yellow peppers for heat, they might have something.
4	Wasn't too sure that we'd make it out to Sammy's this trip, but glad we did.  I had gotten the http://restaurant.com gc, despite the fact that I had to spend $50 in order to get my discount AND it had to be dine-in only.  I had done my research and learned that Sammy's was basically a shack w/ 4 tables inside and some outdoor tables as well.  I was a bit worried about having to dine in cuz I had my lil ones w/ me and didn't know if we'd have to eat outside in 100+ degrees.So being the mom that I am, I decided that we'd get to Sammy's at exactly 11a (when it opened) and hoping to be the first ones there to get an inside table.  We got there at 11:15a and sure enough we were the first there.  In fact, they didn't even unlock their front doors yet!  We got in, and the place had a/c on full-blast.  We even had to go back to the car to get jackets for the kids, they were freezing.  But this in no way is a complaint!  I was thankful for the a/c.  We ended up getting a ton of food. -2 LA-style Pastrami sandwiches:  hubby loved it, SIL said it was only ok.-garlic fries: YUM, crispy thin fries with lots of seasoning-fried zucchinis: looked like chicken nuggets but w/ zucchinis inside of course, pretty good, loved the breading-buffalo chicken wings: unfortunately this wasn't that good, the sauce is very light.  basically it was fried chicken wings w/ tabasco-style sauce poured over them-zesty ranch chicken wings:  i actually liked these but a tad too salty, once again, it's just really fried (i.e crispy) wings w/ a ranch flavored powder dusted over them.  When I ordered them, I had an image of wings covered in ranch dressing goo.  Their version was probably the better choice anyway!-chicken gyro sandwich:  this was for me since I couldn't eat beef.  It's pretty much hearty portions of marinated chicken wrapped in a pita bread covered with tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and tzatziki sauce.  Messy to eat but yummy.And finally the much-hyped strawberry lemonade:  nice and refreshing.  it definitely got a "two thumbs up" from my kids, they drank more than they ate!A final note regarding dining w/ kids.  This is definitely best for take-out.  Although we had to dine-in, I wouldn't recommend it again in the future for my family.  There were no high-chairs and really nothing that shouts out "kid-friendly".  I will definitely come back to visit this place again but it will be through the drive thru!
4	The only reason this place gets four out of five stars from us is because we haven't tried everything on the menu yet. This place is what we'd call a home run in food adventures. Big, fat flavorful sandwiches, tasty fries and custard drinks are the way to go! Ive had their Gyro, my boyfriend's had their pastrami burger... both quite good. Seating is limited and drive through is available so whether you want to dine in, order out or whatever head to this place for a reasonably priced, awesome sandwich or burger. This particular location is pretty close to the airport too for the Vegas travelers out there. Sandwich huts like this one rock!
5	The food and experience was so amazing that I had to write a review. I'm all about exceptional service. Not only was the food amazing, but so was the service.Little did I know that this hole in the wall joint will provide us with the best sandwiches and burgers in town! Brian perfected the art food to an exact science.We ordered 502 fries- a pound of fries with chili, rib eye steak, pastrami, jalapenos, and grilled onions. Pastrami burger MOUNTED with two handfuls of pastrami! you could barely see the bun.I got the gyro and we also got a Chipotle burger. Brian served us our food and even gave us step by step directions on how to eat every meal.ALL WAS AMAZING! By the time we were done eating all of what we had we could barely breathe. but we pushed to try a custard milkshake. I tried the mango milkshake, but if you're going to try a milkshake try one thats off the menu the BANANA OREO MILKSHAKE its amazing. It tastes just like pie but in liquid form. We also tried the pomegranate lemonade and the strawberry lemonade to go with our meal. We walked out being four satisfied customers, and definitely a proud regular.The amount of food they offer is more than what you paid for and definitely worth every penny. The best part is they offer you great conversation and the best sense of humor for FREE. That something you really can't find in any five star restaurant. Call me stingy, but this is definitely a secret landmark I do not intend on sharing with people who do not understand the beauty of food.no go forth and experience GREAT FOOD to PERFECTION!
1	I have been going to Sammy's for a little less than a year after finding it on restaurant.com.  I liked it enough to purchase additional coupons for it, but I would only go once a month or once every 2 - 3 months.  I live on the West side of town and this is on the East side of town so it wasn't all that convenient..I had gone the other day after picking up a friend from the airport and when I presented my coupon I was told that as of November 1st, he, the owner was no longer going to accept the coupons.  I said I had more coupons at home.  He said I should bring in what I had and start using them before Nov 1st.   I had 5 more coupons.  The next day I called him to verify the use of the coupons.  I also asked him, since he wasn't going to be accepting them anymore can I use more than 1 since there was going to be 4 of us going there the next day.  He said, "one coupon per email per day".  I said fine.  Next day rolls around and I bring in 3 friends, he said I wasn't going to be allowed to use them.   He said the rules state 1 coupon per month.  I said but you told me the other day, PLUS I called yesterday.  All he could do was repeat the rules of restaurant.com of one a month.  He said he loses money every time the coupons is used.  After he and I both were repeating each other in frustration, I finally got him to admit, "well, I changed my mind".At that point, my friends who I had also just picked up from the airport started to chime in to tell the owner off.  I was quite embarrassed that this was happening in front of my out of town guests.  (After I had told them what a great place this was for pastrami).At that point, we decided not to give him our patronage.  I will never be going back there again so his statement can hold true...he will lose money.I would have been perfectly all right if he did not say to me to bring the rest of the coupons in or to tell me when I called that I wouldn't be able to use them.  NOT for him to tell me AFTER i get there.  How inconsiderate!
1	The guy behind the counter (I think he is the owner) is a complete jerk.  We walked in with another couple, but ordered seperately and sat at a different table.  When we each tried to use a different restaurant.com coupon, he wouldn't let us.  We specifically sought this place out because of these reviews.So we decided to order the bare minimum in order to use the $10 restaurant.com coupon for the 4 of us.  We ordered a large pastrami sandwich and he clearly gave us a medium.  We saw other customers eating large sandwiches and ours was obviously a medium.It's a shame that he wouldn't let us use both coupons...he could have had repeat business from us, but now all he has is sour grapes!  We will NEVER go back here.
3	I guess this place is alright. Barley any parking, The dining area is small, and the same guy taking out order, was the same guy working the drive thru and doing the cooking. The wait for the food was super long, and the food was kinda pricey. The food was okay, kind of dry. I liked the garlic fries and the big ass bacon burger I had was okay. I'm not gonna knock the place just yet, hopefully I get something that taste better to change my mind about this place.
5	The Ultimate Pastrami Paradise.The fact that while in Vegas last week I made a point to seek this place out says more about me then Sammy's.Sammy's is located in a sort of dicey area in Vegas.... everything, and I mean everything, is tagged around Sammy's. Go during the day and treat yourself to a killer pastrami, awesome fries (my favorites are the Cajun and the Garlic fries), and super friendly service. The guy taking orders was really proud of his food, and rightfully so. I brought my huge pastrami back to my room and was in heaven.Located down the street from the Pinball Hall of Fame, which made the trip down Tropicana extra nice.Go. Now.
3	I would actually step it up to 3.5 sice the guy who took our order gave us a sample of the Caramel shake(with rum?) cuz we were waiting in drive thru for a bit longer than usual...it was very busy!Little shack that if you blinked you may have drove right past. I had the LA Pastrami. greasy and tasty. Pastrami on a fresh roll with spicy mustard and pickles. The onion rings were good.My wife had the steak sandwhich which was pretty kick ass. It's not like a cheese steak but thicker staek with some cheese and mushrooms.If your in the mood for that greasy, salty fix that most of us get a craving for this is definately the place. Oh they also have homeade lemonade.I had the wild cheery. They say best in Vegas, well it made my mouth puker and eyes squint so yeah it was good..lol
3	This place could be really really good. Simple things like changing the fryer oil so not everything comes out dark brown and tasting funny. Unfortunately it looks like this place may have already jumped the shark though I would go back if you could get a retardant impossible type makeover.
5	This place was amazing!!  The owner (Ryan, who seemed to have the craziest caffeine high I ever seen) was working there and being new to this town I asked what the best, or most popular thing was on the menu.  He said everything on our menu is the best.  At first I was put off by this but quickly realized he was right!  We had a group of 8 (which I do not recommend coming with large groups being as that there is very limited seating) all had different items on the menu and we were all super impressed with the food.  Definitely not a health joint as everything is super greasy, but man was this the best Pastrami I've ever had!  I will definitely make this spot one of my regulars.  After eating most of our meal Ryan was extremely helpful letting us know what to expect from Vegas, etc.  He even made fun of our touristy mini-van that we happened to come in =).Also*** There are tons of magazine reviews all over their wall about how good they are, but each one mentioned they had the best homemade lemonade in town (which I didn't try).  So I recommend you ordering that, as I will next time I drop in.
5	so fraking good.
4	The place is just a little shack but the Pastrami was very well seasoned and tender. Fries i think needs a little bit more garlic flavor in it. Huge portion and very generous with the pastrami. Will definitely go back here.
3	I had the pastrami which was just ok, I've had better elsewhere, especially back in LA and NYC.  However, the burgers look ridiculously good, so I think I'll go back and try one of them.  And there lemonade is rather good, and I like that they can mix flavors of it as you want.
5	The Chipotle Steak Sandwich is awesome!
5	Went to this burger place with high expectation and left with total satisfaction. Bryan, one of the owners, was friendly, helpful, forthcoming with suggestions and truthful about answering questions. Waited 2 weeks before writing this review because I wanted to compare 2 supposedly good places in Torrance, CA ( Monks and Habits) to Sammy's. There is no comparison. Sammy has the much better burger, tastier, juicier, bigger, more meat...etc. The fries also are superior. Comparing to a local joint, Schoop's, Sammy's is still better, although Schoop's is better than the Calif places that I tried.
5	Since I was gonna be in Sin city for a good couple of days, I wanted to try out some of the local eateries (was trying to stay away from the expensive "strip" restaurants)".  Did some searching on Yelp (of course) and found this place with high reviews.  So why not give it a try?  OMG... I think we hit jackpot with this Sammy's!  The food is delish and the portions are humongous. From the double bacon cheeseburger, garlic fries, and to the milk shake (which was made with custard) all was yummy.  Sammy's did not disappoint.   Honestly, I cant wait to come back to Vegas and try out the rest of the selections they got there. So, if you have time to visit Sammy's please do... guaranteed you wont regret it!!
5	If you are looking or a large variety of great tasting food then Sammy's is the place. Don't let the building fool you, everything on the menu is delicious and the portions are huge. The Big Ass Bacon Cheese Burger is defiantly a challenge to put down, but worth it. And the shakes are unbelievable, probably the best that you will ever have. The founder of the establishment works at the location on Flamingo Road and is very proud of his creations, not to mention entertaining. I make it a point to introduce my family and friends to this place each time we visit Vegas, and not one has been disappointed yet.
4	I adore nice restaurants and ambiance while visiting LV, but sometimes you just require a juicy, messy, 10 napkin, artery clogging, jaw popping burger.  This is the place to find it.  Endless choices, creative combinations and fresh ingredients (buns cooked from local bakery) make all their burgers a top notch choice.  I had to use a fork for meat hanging off the side of the Chipotle Burger, but eventually decided to dive in with my hands and get dirty.  It was a good kinda dirty :) .   Garlic Romano fries on the side. OMG they are good.  Everytime food came out for another table, we'd oooogle at the size of other burgers.  Absolutely huge.  The only thing I would change is the addition of a restroom--even unisex-- but the nice tool/gadget store next door will allow potty borrowing.  Four tables, seating for sixteen inside and about the same outside.
5	Wow I am a huge fan of this place. Thank god for Yelp and a food network search.Sammy's has delicious sandwiches with some unique menue items.I tried the steak burger - which was piles of angus steak topped with gobs of cheese, onions, steak sauce, and bacon. My friend had a pastrami sandwich and it was certainly good too!The service was impeccable. Brian was amazing - be careful sammy's he may very well get a job offer from my company :PThe hand spun custard shakes are to die for. The french fries are awesome too!
3	Its definitely  your typical greasy spoon fast food joint. The food is amazingly fatty and yummy very sloppy. You get a fried egg on top of several items.  The fries are Cajun seasoned, thin and don't really need ketchup. The place has one many awards and flaunts them on the walls. Food is yummy but the dinning area is pretty dirty it needs an upgrade.
4	SAMMY'S = YUMMMMMMY. This place is off the hook. I'm not going to lie to you. This place definitely is 5 stars food-wise with no contest. Only reason why I brought this place down is that it took damn near longer than a restaurant to get my food. Why did it take that long you ask? Well for one thing there was ONE worker, don't ask me why there was only one, maybe everyone decided to call in sick just that one day I was there, boy what luck I had, or they seriously only have one worker (god I hope not they have more than one worker, this place is too good to have only one person working) well, this one worker was working everything, cashier, cook, drive-thru, but what did impress me most was that with only one worker he still managed to get our food very very very tasty. If this place wasn't so far from where my sister lives I'd try to come here more ofter and man do I wish we had a Sammy's joint in the Bay Area.We ordered pastrami fries and some chipotle chicken wings. Man, did those two orders satisfy me and fill me up. The son got a plain cheese burger and that alone he said it was worth 4 stars. If the boy likes his burgers you can damn sure believe that this place is good. This place is known for its pastrami burgers but we decided not to get it this time around, but you better believe that next time we enter this joint we will be ordering a nice juicy pastrami burger.There little shop is pretty small so you might wanna consider taking it to go if it's not to packed inside, but either or it's worth waiting for an open seat and eat your food freshly cooked. Price-wise it's pretty decent for the amount of food you get, seriously get a shizz load and I wish I'd took a picture of it to show the portions and how good it looked before I ate it, but I got to excited on how delicious it looked and I'm glad I didn't wait to take a picture because the food here is just as tasty as it looks. I feel sorry for other places that serve pastrami because there is no other place as good as this. Move over you fake imitations that serve pastrami *ahem* togos and subway. If you want some good quality pastrami, it's worth coming here instead of stuffing yourself with some cheap pastrami at other sandwich places. I just wish my experience at this place was much better, because this place does deserve 5 stars. I want to come back here and get better service so I can bump up their rating because my first experience just seemed like I caught the place on a wrong day, but I do gotta be fair because the rating involves everything about a business not just the food.Pastrami at Sammy's is second to none!
4	I decided to try this place while on vacation in Las Vegas.  I found a restaurant.com gift certificate online (no longer on restaurant.com) which was $25 off a purchase of $50.  With that said, my friends family of 4 and my family of 3 ordered a lot of food!!  And believe me, you get A LOT of food here!!My wife and I shared a pastrami sandwich and the pastrami was tender and flavorful.  One of the best pastrami sandwiches we have had.We shared the 502 fries and that was delicious.  The chili had great flavor and wasn't too spicy and anything with rib eye steak on it is great.  We couldn't even put a dent in those fries the first time and were eating leftovers for a few days.My daughter had the chicken fingers and those were cooked well.  They are not processed but fresh tenders that are hand battered.  The batter was crispy and the tenders inside were moist.My friend got the Philly cheesesteak and his wife got the gyro and both said that the sandwiches were tasty and delicious.Service was good too.  There was one guy behind the counter that was the register and the cook.  His name was Kevin and he was very friendly and very helpful in navigating the menu.The ambiance of the restaurant needs some work.  It is a little run down hut with only a few tables inside, six or seven.  When on the street, it is hard to find since the building is so small.  The tables and chairs were old and wobbly.This place is totally a "college" joint where local UNLV students can come and get a ton of great tasting food for a decent price.
3	I was feeling carnverous and was talked out of going to Smashburger, my regular burger joint. We walked in to a little hole in the wall type joint which I don't mind.  However, it could have been cleaner.  At least wipe down the table in between customers.  We had the vanilla lemonade, cheeseburger, sweet potato fries and onion rings.  Everything was HUGE, but the burger could have been seasoned better in my opinion.  I was feeling super fat that day so I decided to get the gyro to go.  Now THAT was the piece de resistance!  Best gyro I ever had.  Seasoned extremely well, sauce was excellent.  The only drawback to sitting in the place was that the owner talked us to death!  My group and I couldn't even have a conversation without the owner jumping in, telling jokes/funny stories, etc... which is nice considering Vegas isn't known for it' customer service, but use common sense and lay off the Adderall for a couple weeks dude....
5	A fatty's paradise! LOL Great selection of greasy fare if you are craving that BURGER or FRIES! Its a little place on the outskirts of a shopping mall but it has a drive thru! Genius! Go for the ZOMBIE burger and pastrami fries! ALWAYS A WINNER! Never got to try the shakes but im not trying to surpass a 10k calorie meal in one sitting! Very affordable and great parking!
4	Wow... If I ate here more than once a month, you'd need to move me around with a crane like that Manuel Uribe guy. Met one of the owners today when we went through to try it. Very good at making recommendations, and he wasn't lying when he said "We don't embellish the word 'large'". The onion rings are top notch, and quite a bit better than the ones I had at Badger's Cafe up the street.I can't really compare this to Five Guys, because they're two completely different ballgames. It's nice to have another take-out place that varies though, so I don't burn out on one or the other!
4	First off, my L.A. Pastrami was delicious.  Just the perfect size for an afternoon of running errands.  The right amount of cheese sat atop hot pastrami and pickles, finished with mustard, all on a warm bun.The only regrettable mention I have was the drive-thru wait.  My first visit found me waiting in the drive for more than 10 minutes.  I am new here so maybe I should have expected this.  Perhaps It is more sit down friendly?  Either way, I will most definitely be going back.  I've heard good things about the 502 Fry.
5	HANDS DOWN BEST BURGER AND FRIES IN LAS VEGAS!!!! omygosh you just have to try them out yourselves to prove it! you're not gonna regret it!! hahaha! one massive heart attack served at ya! hahaha!  and never ever ever ever everrr miss out on their garlic fries! like i told ya! itz zee bezzt!!!
5	Best food ever in the history of the worl. Pastrami is immaculate and the garlic fries are the best thing I have ever consumed. Just sayin
3	Got to Vegas a little earlier than the usual time we get there, so we decided to find a quick spot to eat.  Since last time we yelped about Sammy's we decided to give this place a try.  Got there just right after 11pm so dining area was closed.  However, drive thru was still open til 2am.  We went to the drive thru and looked at the menu.  It was a little hard to see because of the lighting so we got out of the car and just stood there reading the menu.  There is so much to choose from making it hard to decide on what we want to get.  We finally decided and made our way to the window to order. We got the chipotle steak burger, pastrami melt, garlic Romano fries, large root beer float, and a pomegranate lemonade.  The chipotle steak burger was spicy.  If you can't take the heat then that is not a burger for you.  It packed a lot of flavor but a bit too spicy for me.  The pastrami melt was good but got a little too salty after awhile because it was loaded with pastrami.  A bit on the greasy side.Garlic Romano fries - shoe string fries with some garlic and romano flavor.  Really thin and crispy but not much flavor.  The pomegranate lemonade was pretty good, a bit sweet but that comes from the pomegranate syrup.  Root beer float large came with like half a tub of ice cream.  The cup was literally full with ice cream.  The key to this place is everything must be huge portions.
4	Whew, I think I finally recovered from eating here yesterday! Three of us split the Three Squared Fry and did not finish it. This thing is out of this world, even bigger than the last time three of us hit it. Mountains of fries, chili, bacon, cheese, 3 eggs and a whole lot of other stuff! At $16.99 it might be their most expensive item but the price is right if you're sharing. Even better than the fries are the custard shakes, so so tasty! The small is a whopping $4.99 but you do get 20oz which is plenty. If there is any left over after filling your cup, Brian the owner will probably top you off for free. He is sort of a goofy dude and thinks pretty highly of his food, but he is doing something right as this place has survived longer than any other eatery in this little shack. The wait takes a while so I wouldn't recommend using the drive through.  The inside is small and not exactly clean but the food would probably kill you before any of the dirt, and the two A/C units haphazardly stuck in the wall do keep the place nice and cool.
4	Again, this was another location I saw on Food TV that begged me to stop in and gorge myself. All I remembered from the program was a pastrami sandwich piled high enough to scale like a mountain. Things like this are typically enough to sell me on eating somewhere. The location is small, and if it weren't for the colorful signage out front, you'd be likely to drive right past it without noticing. I'm going to assume most people drive through since there isn't much parking or seating to be had. But I went on a Monday afternoon, so there wasn't much traffic to worry about. They've got a big menu. It's one of those gargantuan menus that has so many options you spend the next 10 minutes second-guessing yourself and drooling over every possible item. I kept getting lost in the damn thing, so I went with what I planned on getting: something with pastrami in it. The Reuben called out to me, so I ordered one up along with a small order of spicy Cajun shoestring fries. They've definitely got the best Reuben that I know of in Vegas. The problem is that while eating one, I have no choice but to compare it to others I've eaten... and it gets slayed when stacked up against Canter's (in L.A.) or Katz's (in NYC). But I realize those aren't the most fair comparisons because those establishments are the thing of legend. The sandwich was piled high with a mountain of pastrami hidden beneath a couple slices of crisp rye bread, a generous portion of kraut and some brown mustard. I inhaled it in under 10 min. The fries were well-seasoned, but I'm not a big fan of the shoestring variety. They tend to get way too crispy, so it's like I'm eating crispy Chinese noodles or something. I like a big steak fry; something that commands respect on the plate. The guys working here were all extremely friendly and patient with how long it took my gf and I to peruse the menu. I need to come back to try their shakes, which are apparently just as worth making the trip as their sandwiches.
4	I went there with my bf and son and we ordered the small garlic romano fries which was delicious and i had the single pastrami burger and the bf had the single rib eye steak burger which was also a winner! We were really happy and our stomachs were satisfied. OMG!!! They were all tasty! The cashier/cook (he was both) was helpful and nice. He said everything there was good, which i wouldn't doubt because after tasting our burgers and the grease that it came with. We had nothing bad to say about the grease but smilesvon our faces! The prices were reasonable and they have great pomegranate lemonades too!
4	It's may not be Hats from LA, but it's pretty darn close. Staff was friendly, food was delicious. I didn't really care for the mango lemonade but the pastrami sandwich, steak burger, cheddar bacon fries and Sammys garlic fries were very tasty
3	We've driven by Sammy's L.A. a few times and decided to finally give it a try.  The Big Pastrami sign did its job.  Order:We ordered the L.A. Style Pastrami, Sweet Potato Fries, Onion Rings, Regular Fries, and The Reuben.  The Pastrami was rather salty.  Everything else was just "A-OK" and the price was average.Drive-Thru:Sammy's L.A. offers walk-in and drive-thru services.  We waited a really long time for our food but looked like only one guy was working the cashier and grill.  Will I Return?Probably not.  I've had better tasting Pastrami and Reuben's for the same price.  I'll stick to those sites.
3	Cant remember what i had but it was chicken... i expected it to be bigger, more seating/dining table, more open?... im not sure what i expected, but i thought it would be something like in between fast food and decent dine-in place, instead it was a tiny, cramped place with 3 or 4 tables, and that was really it. The food was okay, i wouldn't say it was amazing and it wasn't bad either, it was alright although it didn't impress me. If i was to come out here again, I would go for take out and eat someplace where I didnt feel cramped/claustrophobic...
5	This place is a heaven send.  Great service and prepare yourself for a good conversation if Bryan with a y is in.  You can immediately tell from the conversations that you will have with him that he has a genuine passion for food.  And, it definitely shows!  The pastrami must have crack sprinkled on it because it is addictive.  And the custard shakes are amazing.  If you go with someone make sure they get their own because you will not want to share.
5	This is a must for every trip I take to Vegas. Their pastrami sandwichs, garlic fries, and bannana - chocolate shakes are my main staple. I hit this place on my way to the Pinball Hall of Fame EVERY time! I've had the pleasure to meet on of the Brian's that is co-owner of this special little place (and it IS very little, but cozy) and he was a sweet man. The prices add up fast, however you get a TON of food. There's always enough food for a full second meal. If you leave this place hungry it's your own fault.
4	Searched Yelp for a good pastrami sandwich shop in Vegas. Thanks to all of the Yelpers for the great find. I doubt I would have eaten at Sammy's without the great reviews because from the outside...Sammy's doesn't look like much. The food is a 4.5 and the dining area is a 3. The pastrami is moist and the bread is soft and tasty. One of the better pastrami sandwiches I have ever had. I also had their garlic fries which was really good as well.
2	Just another greasy spoon.
4	We saw this place on Yelp because we were looking for a place to get pastrami.  We ordered the pastrami burger and steak burger.  Burgers and fries are my death row meal so I am always looking for the best burger and fries.  The pastrami burger was good and not salty.  I didn't like the taste of the steak because of how it was seasoned plus it seemed slightly dry so I ate the burger without it.  The garlic romano fries were crispy and shoestring style.  The onion rings were crunchy and beer-battered.  I could have just eaten those two things and skipped the burger.  Food wasn't overly greasy and the cook was very friendly.  It's a hole in the wall type of place but not dirty.
4	This is definitely not food you should be eating everyday or even every week for that matter, but it is downright delicious. The place is more like a shack and the interior is tiny, with only 4 tables. Generally, the owner Brian runs the front of house and he is very entertaining and talkative. However, the last time we were there, there was only 1 guy running everything and he was super overwhelmed and we waited quite awhile. He was very apologetic and friendly and I honestly felt horrible for him because he was so slammed. But, the food is always worth the wait!I usually get the pastrami sandwich, and it is truly fantastic. It is great for Las Vegas, but wouldn't hold a candle in New York. I have also tried the Italian beef sandwich, it had a great kick to it and was very tasty. I like to pair my sandwich with the garlic Romano fries as they are crispy and perfect. They also serve fries covered with meat that can serve as a meal. They are amazing if you can find some friends to share with. The chili on the fries is delicious and pairs well with the steak and pastrami. Of course you might feel pretty terrible after, but they are so good. They also have creamy and delicious milkshakes that are definitely worth a try. Tip: You do not need to order anything in the large size! The small is a large in any other restaurant and the large is mindbogglingly huge. I also recommend going across the street to the Pinball Hall of Fame for a perfect date night!
1	So we order from this place once in a great while... Every time we order the cross eyed guy with glasses gets our order wrong & assumes we do it on purpose. This is the Sammys on Tropicana near Eastern Ave. He tells me maybe you shouldnt order from here again. The worst customer service EVER!!! Good food but need to change the staff with more pleasant workers. I will never eat @ this place ever again & I will continue to tell everyone I know NOT  TO EVER EAT HERE AGAIN!!!!Sammys on 2191 E. Tropicana Las Vegas NV 89119
1	I've only been to Sammy's once, but unfortunately that was one too many times.  I hate this place.  It doesn't take long once setting foot inside this dump to realize that you are in the wrong restaurant and you should have kept driving.  Everywhere you look there is nothing but filth.  The walls are dirty, the floor is dirty, the customers are smelly and obese, but the biggest piece of filth is the owner himself.  He talks incessantly, and has an ego like he's 7 feet tall when he is really about 4'11.  All he does is brag about how awesome Sammy's is.  On top of this he is extremely rude to paying customers.  After paying about $8 more than the food should actually cost, you have to be lucky to get a seat at one of the three dirty tables.  Most likely you will be waiting about 25 minutes before your food is ready.  At this point you are probably starving and hoping the food is as good as the owner talks it up to be.  I'm sorry to say that you will be sorely disappointed.  I had a burger and some of the so called delicious fries.  I would rate the burger at or below that of your average fast food place.  The fries were over seasoned and flat out disgusting.  I hit the door running after choking down my food and have never looked back.  I've had several nightmares about this place since this incident and now whenever I meet someone named Sammy I automatically despise them.  Please avoid this place at all costs.
4	Checked this place out based on other Yelpers reviews.The Good: Large portions, good food, personable manager, decent price. I see other people complaining about the fact that the manager talks to them a lot. But, I rather enjoyed having a food buff who likes to chat and keep his customers informed on new and existing product. The homemade tzatziki (for gyros) sauce was delicious. My wife has eaten several Reuben sandwiches from several places and she said this place had the best. Watching the robotic meat slicer was cool.The Bad: I assume the manager makes bank, so it's a wonder as to why he would want such a small location in such a rough looking part of town. It looks about as small as a taco shack. There are only about 7-8 tables (4 inside, 4 outside). Also, there is no REAL parking lot, we had to park in the back lot of an abandoned building sitting next to it. Both buildings are neighbored by a very crummy looking apartment building with a buncha tweakers and wannabe thugs walking around. I wish the manager would open a NICE locale in Henderson, then we'd go constantly.Note: I would've gave this place 5 stars if the atmosphere didn't look so rough.
3	Greasy Dive...but it satisfies  the craving for grease...Its Good...Almost great... but make sure you avoid salt for the next 2 months, because you will be salted up like bad popcorn.1pm and no line.... EF YEAH......  homeboy running the front is hilarious... LA native and loves to talk shit....  Johnnys still the king... the Hat second, and sammys bringing up the rear.....Still trying to figure out what makes it "LA"....  DO TRY....
5	Guy behind the counter was sooo freaking funny! I asked him what they are famous for and he told me " you see that menu, we famous for it all." soooo funny. i dig that! We order small onion fries he gave us medium, He made zucchini for the guy before us and he gave it to us. and told us "I dont like to throw away food you know." Italian accent or something. I order a burger and pastrami and it was really good. my wife had philly cheesesteak and it was ok not great. but overall i loved this place
4	My husband and I tried this place tonight and weren't disappointed. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and patient as we perused the overwhelming menu. I chose the "gyros fries" pretty quickly and asked if the large was enough for 2 people. My husband stated he was starving so usually that means he will eat enough for  2 all on his own. I ordered the regular size and he finally decided on the philly cheese steak and ranch fries. We shared a large iced tea.The place is small, but not uncomfortable. The food came out rather quickly. The iced tea was great and fresh. The portions were huge. The regular fries was definately enough to share. My husband was a little skeptical about that but then I pointed out he would have enough room for a custard shake. He was right on board with that.The fries were a good mix of vegetables and meat. Everything was fresh and the tzatziki was to die for. My husband loved the ranch fries and said his philly was "very tasty". I realized there was no way we were going to finish the amount of food we ordered so I suggested we just pool our efforts and eat as much of the gyros fries as possible and take the rest home.So to sum up, service is great, food is great, portions are huge. It does seem a bit pricey but not when you consider the amount of food given. As a matter of a fact if we would have just split one entree it would have been a pretty cheap dinner for 2.
5	Sammy's has to be one of the best Ruben in the Las Vegas area. The staff are some of the nicest locals in town.....Oh and don't pass on the Custard Shakes.....OMG! they are heaven in a big cup. Thank you all at Sammy's for feeding me some of the yummiest goodies I have ever had!
4	Two words: HOLY CRAP! When you first walk in there, their giant menu is overwhelming! I didnt really count, but I think you can go there about 100 times and not eat the same item! Keep in mind, their main item is pastrami so just about anything you order has that in it. There are other items without it but having only gone there twice, I got at least 98 more to go! Yay, more reasons to go!I gave them 4 stars because their items are a bit pricey, but you do have the big portions factor. Their fries alone is a meal in itself so when you do order it, make sure you have people with you. That's why by the time I ordered my pastrami burger, fries and a drink, it came out to about 15 bucks. Of course I can go without the fries next time but that is still about 10 bucks for the burger and drink. Hay, I didnt say to eat there every day unless you wanna have an early death. All in moderation!Service is very friendly, the location has a mom and pop feel to  it, and they are open late hours. So if you wanna satisfy that hunger and then some, you have plenty of choices here.
5	Two words...Gyro...Fries!Probably one of the best re-renditions of french fries I have ever had! Definitely recommend this place!My suggestion? An order of Gyro Fries and an Oreo Banana milkshake!Up beat, polite staff with awesome food. The place is a bit small, but their flavors are huge! Major Nums indeed!
4	Been here about 3 or 4 times in the past and when I point it out to people, they are usually like "Ohhh..that place looks likes its closed".  Haha, about as far as you can get from closed actually. I swear the menu has new items every time I go.  Unfortunately I"m not a pastrami fan so I can't comment on it's namesake, but I can say that I am a big ass bacon cheeseburger fan.  That is one of the burgers on their menu. It's dinner, then breakfast, and even sometimes lunch the next day.  Are you ready for this?   1, or 2 if your up for it, 1/2 lb burger patties, 1/4 lb cheddar cheese, 12(TWELVE(A DOZEN)) strips of bacon in between a bun.  Epic Meal Time would be proud of this burger.  8.49.  or 10.99 for a double.  Ok so my second favorite burger is the italian.  It's a couple patties, about 1/4 to 1/2 lb of sliced italian beef, white cheese, and their oh so good giardiniera.  Under 10 bucks.Their fries are really good as well. Lots of seasoning, and some are even meals themselves.  They got homemade lemonades, shakes, teas, they even got shaved ice.I've been inside to order once and the guy behind the counter is really cool.  And if you're gonna hit the drive thru, you can call first and have it ready because everything takes a bit to prepare.I think I might stop later today and try the zombie burger.
4	straight to the point, as far as pastrami goes the flavor here is second to none.. the fries are some of the best i have ever had, but the best thing i had on this visit was the pomegranate lemonade on a hot day it hits the spot..   the service couldn't have been better the guy with glasses whose name i forget was as excited to serve the food to me as i was to eat it..   great place, better food.. i am a lifelong customer no doubt.
1	Decided to try this place since I had seen it in my Entertainment Book and it's close by my office.  I don't care for Pastrami, so I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak.  The guy with the glasses did talk up the Pastrami, the fries, drinks, and claimed that they were the best in town. (A bit too much if you ask me)We ordered to go because we had to get back to the office. Yes, the place is sort of a dump inside and small but sometimes those places are good.  I was a bit turned off when the guy got up on the counter to turn up the air conditioner that is jutting out of the wall. When we got back to our office, we opened our styrofoam boxes and were shocked (and disgusted).  The phillys were drowning in yellow processed cheese (almost soupy). I have never had a philly like this and did not expect it at all. I couldn't hardly eat it because it was so messy. The meat was tender and flavorful but you couldn't get over the amount of cheese that it was swimming in. Very salty, messy and not worth the trouble. I hear that is how they make them in West Philly....remind me to never go there for a steak sandwich. Sorry...you aren't the best in town and I don't think I can bring myself to coming back....just too much cheese for this girl.
4	It was very good...We didn't have the pastrami but we had burgers with parm fries...Awesome, and very friendly people!
4	If this is the way they serve pastrami in LA, I'm moving there. We got the extra large LA Pastrami with pickle and mustard, thinly sliced of hot pastrami topped with melted cheese. A medium Garlic Romano Fries thinly cut topped with awesome garlic and Romano cheese seasoning. And a freshly made large cherry lemonade that's bigger than my head.  All that for a family of four was good enough. So many items on the menu I wanted to try it all. Please come over to the east cost.
4	Finally went to Sammy's LA Pastrami and Burgers.  Saw this blue funky shack and drove up and parked in the back.  Wife and I looked at the extensive menu and I ordered the Pastrami Melt and she ordered the Greek burger, and a medium order of the garlic romano fries.  Need I say more, I loved the pastrami sandwich, a ton of meat and my wife just loved the Greek burger.  The buns for the sandwich and burger held up really well.  Good texture to the buns, not the crappy kind that get flattened and soggy with sauce.  Fries were outstanding.  The counter help was terrific.  Super friendly and and helpful.  He gave us a sample of a blueberry Oreo shake and it was delicious.  Next time.. Oreo Blueberry shake for me.  You get alot of food.  I am a fan!!
1	WHAT??? decided to try this place after all the good reviews online. waited 3rd in line for drive thru 50 minutes!  for real...50 mins!  2:15 pm sunday till 3:05pm!  got pastrami burger.  the pastrami was...pastrami...nothing special about it at all. no to-die-for seasoning or flavor..just pastrami. the meat patty was horrible. i despise fast food joints, especially mcdonalds, however mcdonalds cheap burger has more flavor and texture than what was on this one that is WAY overpriced. wont' be back..not sure what all the fuss is about this place...get the #9 at TOGOs in California, or go to Mirage and get the pastrami there at Carnagie Deli..and the wait will be 8 mins at most, table side. fine dining this place is not. worth a 50 minute wait?  ...OMG....who are these people raving about this place on yelp..as second to none,etc.? get real.  rather spend $100 at a nice restaurant on food, and get a great bottle of wine to go with it,  than $10 waiting for 50 minutes in the vegas heat for a horrible sandwich, with no flavor and nothing special or unique about it at all.  all these losers on yelp have no clue about cuisine and reviewing like a pro.  and no one needs to see their pics either!
4	I went for a pastrami sandwich, the location was emm, more like a hole in the wall place. But we know, it's those type of places that have the best food sometimes.The service was good. It did not take too long. For a large sandwich it was about $10.
1	I pulled up to the drive through window to order a shake. There was a line inside so I waited. The guy working asked what I needed and I ordered a medium milk shake. He looked and shook and said no way that there was a big line inside he couldn't make one. I would have waited for the 6 people inside to order ...lol big line!!  A few questions popped in my head as drove away, what if I  wanted food or what if I ordered inside? Great attitude and great customer service.. I will go somewhere that appreciates customers next time.
3	I gave this 4 stars last time? Maybe my Reuben wasn't as fatty as I remembered.... Anyway, came here again before leaving Vegas and got a chicken cheese steak (or something to that effect) along with a small order of sweet potato fries. I was supremely disappointed with both. The meat used for the chicken was the kind of dark, shitty, low-grade crap you'd get from a bag of precooked Tyson at the grocery store. Guys, really, this is not the kind of meat to use in an $8 sandwich. I'm not saying it's all got the be organic white breast meat, but when every single bite produces some weird cartilaginous chunk, I take issue. And the buns they use are way too rubbery. I felt like a dog chewing on an old tire with each bite.  You know what's great about sweet potato fries? If you cut them up right and give 'em a good crisp in the oven, they're fucking delicious. How can this be easily ruined? Coat them with enough salt and seasonings to cure a rump roast from Paul Bunyan's blue ox, Babe. Have you ever eaten something so salty it was almost painful? This is that thing again.
5	This is easily my favorite burger place. I don't mean my favorite burger place in Las Vegas either, I mean period.I've been coming to Sammy's for years now and I have a number of items I circle around on. The Chipotle Burger is wonderful, the Steak Burger is mighty and it's worth combining the two and have yourself a Chipotle Steak burger as well. When I stray away from burger land I have to say that the Italian combo is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I love that thing.The meal fries are all awesome and great to share at a table. Make sure you have at least four guys if you're hitting up a large.Oh yes, finally... the shakes--the CUSTARD shakes. These things will kill you but it's totally worth it. DO NOT get a large. Seriously. Don't do it.Before going to Sammy's, you need to remember what it is: it's a man food type place. The portions are large, there's a lot of greasiness and fat going on (oh yeah, and runny eggs on some of the burgers). It's also a pit. There's four tables, some of them are uneven and frankly, it adds to the charm of the place.Tip from a long time patron: Don't go to Sammy's and order a regular burger and fries. Don't. It's not because either item is bad but because the menu is WAY more interesting than that.Additional tip: If you're an obnoxious customer, do not expect that being obnoxious will get you anywhere at Sammy's. Bryan, the owner, does not care how much you badger, complain or threaten. You may even get mocked by him should you choose to take that approach. I almost hope for this sort of customer whenever I drop in because watching the mayhem that ensues tends to enhance the meal.I love this place and I almost always eat here with "the guys." There are no salads. There is no "light" menu. These are burgers, the way God intended.
5	Stumbled upon this place while out in vegas. Its a tiny burger joint that packs a big punch! They have an extensive menu that will make your eyes bug out of their sockets, and everything for a reasonable price for the portions. The guy who took our order was super chill and made us feel extra welcomed. We got back to our hotel to eat our food and it did not disappoint! I officially vow to visit this place EVERYTIME i take a trip to Las Vegas
5	We found this place last year through YELP.  It now is one of our stops when we come into town.  We ate dinner last night at Sammy's and had their Pastrami Sandwich with garlic romano fries.  The fries are my favorite.  Shoestring and crisp with just enough garlic without becoming too obscene.  The pastrami sandwich is excellent.  Soft pastrami and very flavorful with a soft bread roll.  We also had an oreo blueberry milkshake!  Sounds weird, but OMG it was delicious!  Service was excellent!
5	Wife and I had the pastrami burger!  It was off the chains.  New loyal customer.   Will drive from North Las vegas to this location
2	People here must not know real pastrami because this place is tasteless. No swiss cheese?  Really?Garlic fries were not good,  fried mushrooms out of a frozen bag. Service wasn't that great, one man band and place was so dirty. Needs a part time counter person. My pastrami quest will continue.  Jason's Deli has my vote until I find my fix.
4	Tried the traditional pastrami sandwich.  It was greasy with mustardy and pickle goodness.  The garlic romano fries were probably my highlight-- full of flavor!  Had a strawberry lemonade, which I had read about on here, but wasn't that impressed.  However, the owner gave us a sample of his latest shake concoction, vanilla, blueberry, and Oreo.  That was fantastic!  Would definitely go back for a sandwich, garlic fries and shake.
4	I came with Tiger W. and his husband for some dinner. It's a no frills greasy spoon type burgers and more type place with a expansive menu. The owner and grill guy was the only one there during a rush, so while it's fast food type food, it may not necessarily be fast. Did not mind though when there is good company and conversation. I was thinking of a link sandwich and the guy said that one was just okay. So I asked to be hooked up with the most popular thing, the LA Pastrami. I thought it was rather good...Nice flavor on the pastrami, good melty cheese and lots of mustard how I like it. It may be too much mustard for some that do not love the condiment though.  I'm from LA, but I don't really know what makes it LA style actually except I notice we do hoagies, melted cheese, mustard, pickles (sometimes jus) outside of delis. It reminds me of places like The Hat, Johnny Pastrami, Okie Dog, etc. that I grew up eating. I definitely will come back when I get a hankering and figure their Ruebens will probably be pretty damn tasty. I just got the small one, but it's very filling. I would say if you get fries or something, get one to share for the table, unless you want to have major itis later trying to put away all that. I tried a bite of Tigers gyro, which is surprisingly pretty fucking good. Not what I would expect from a non Mediterranean spot to have something that is better some Greek spots in town. After it died down, we spent a lot of time talking with Brian who is cool as hell. The food as well as the conversation was worth just hanging around and having a slow dinner. Definitely when it comes to food coma sized comfort classics, this probably is on the short list of solid spots to get your itis on.
4	To make things short and sweet: awesome food!  But downside is: there is no restroom--you have to go to the business next door to use their restroom.  Good thing is that it's clean, although there was no towel paper to dry your hands.  Also, parking sucks!  There are a very few # of stalls.  Maybe drive-thru is the best thing to do here.There were only 2 people working there, so if there's a rush going on, it may take a while for the food to come out.  I got the pastrami burger and the chili cheese fries with grilled onions to share with the boyfriend.  Super yummy.  You will not be disappointed!  I crave this place from time to time...looks like I need to visit Vegas more :)I would have given this place 5 stars, but I gave it 4 solely b/c of the inconvenience of parking and the restroom situation.
4	I have eaten at Sammys many times and each time it has been great! I usually try something new each time Im there. The shakes are killer!
4	Being my first time here, it was.......... OK! My boyfriend was the one who suggested it. He heard from other people that the food was good, but it was a little pricey. Trying to find the place was easy. It's about 5-8 minutes away from where me and my boyfriend live. As soon as we found it, to me it was a little odd. It being like a hole in the wall kind of shop. My first thought was it only had a drive thru. Going thru  to find the order board, i noticed a box, thinking it was the ordering box. Come to find there was a sign saying to drive to the window after we know what we want. So we take a few minutes look at what they got, and figure out what we want to eat. I got the BACON PASTRAMI SANDWICH with GARLIC ROMANO FRIES. My boyfriend got the PASTRAMI FRIES and the PASTRAMI BURGER.  The portion was a good size. My fries was the skinny fries seasoned in garlic salt. My sandwich was like a loaf of bread you would get at subway, almost, with layers of pastrami, onions, mustard, provolone cheese and bacon. I think the sandwich said with tomatoes but never have any. When we were done, we drove up to the window. Had one car in front of us. They waited about 8-10 min for their food. While we were waiting the guy comes out the door and takes our order. At first we're like ok?! so we put in our order, my boyfriend asks for mayo no mustard and the guy makes a sarcastic comment about how they"re rated the best in vegas, and their pastrami is juicy that you don't need mayo and asked if we own a very popular shop?. Then he said NO I DO!. So we just kept ordering and let it pass by. Finally it was our turn to get our food. We probably waited about 10-15 minutes more from when we were behind the car in front of us. It got to the point where i literally turned off my car for about 5 minutes.They slowly started getting busy. The parking was limited. then finally we got our food. overall I must say the experience wasn't that great. Waiting long for our food, having a sarcastic food server, and the space being small. Not to mention the ordering system was nothing of a fast food joint. But i must admit the food was good, filling and tastey.. Might go back again for the food. But not looking forward to the service. That is why i give it 4 stars.
2	This was my first time here. I called our order in and I was told 20 mins!  Perfect, that would be my lunch break from work.  I headed over there and the guy said it would be just a couple more minutes.  About 10 minutes later he said he just needed to make the shakes.  10 MORE minutes later he finally did! Overall it took about 45 minutes to get our food and at this point I was already over on my break!   The "frozen custard" shake was the reason I ordered it... no frozen custard  used, it was the discount tub of ice cream!  I could have skipped it for something 'normal'   Over all the food was ok... a bit greasy for my taste.  I don't think I would bother going back there for the time and cost of the meal.
4	I heard someone behind us in line use the term "Food Porn," and it actually was that good! We had quite a long wait, and just placing our order seemed to be a production for the very nice older lady manning the register. It was exceptional! The medium fries would have been more than enough for two. The burgers were just to die for, and my picky hubby LOVED the double Pastrami Burger. I don't think I would bother with the drive Thru for time reasons, but we are now fans.
4	Drive to this location because the one on Decatur closed at 8 PM on Sat. I walked in for the first time confused and overwhelmed. Thankfully, I had read the Yelp reviews, so I was armed with info on what to get. There was alady there who proudly professed her status as a "regular" there, so her tips were also helpful. My order? A small pastrami sandwich ($7.79), regular fries ($2.29 and change), and a medium strawberry lemonade $3.39). They aren't jokin when they say this is a one man show making everything fresh to order. I waited like 20-30 minutes for my to go order. Was it worth it??? It was ok. Honestly, this was not the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had, but it hit the spot.
5	Great food and large servings; however, it was a bit pricey.  Sammy's has an over-the-top menu that you should just ignore on your first visit.  Do yourself the favor and order the LA Pastrami Sandwich and Garlic Romano Fries.  Save any other menu decisions for the many later trips you will surely take.  The food quality is excellent and the taste is amazing.
4	I am from the land of the huge pastrami. Montebello, CA.Arry's and the Golden Ox are my gold standard.I was in Vegas and needed a fix so I went to Sammy's. I ordered the standard pastrami and was very happy with the size and flavor. It was not as big as my gold standards but I could never finish those anyways. Sammy's is just the right size.The meat is cut thin and has a bit of a smokey taste. I will definitely be back for more.
2	After seeing this place on the Travel Channel and finding out it was right here in Las Vegas I thought I'd give it a try. This would turn out to be a horrible decision. I went to the location on Tropicana (as this review is for) and went through the drive through. I should have turned around after seeing how low budget their signs and graphics were (this would turn out to be a reflection of their over all attitude). I then drove up to the window and waited for around 4-6 minutes. I thought they were closed (even though it was 6pm on a weekday) because no one came to the window. I did see other cars and saw some customers walking in the front. Finally a guys comes to the window. He doesn't speak much English. I explained a few times we were ordering 2 reubens one with corn beef and one with pastrami (you have the choice here which is nice). We ordered the fries and onion rings and some drinks too. He just closed the window when I said the drinks. I wasn't sure if he was coming back or got my order or even understood it. He never even told us our total or how long it would take. At least 13 minutes passed by while we sat in at the drive up window. I did try yelling a couple times but no one came back to the window. Lucky we were the only car there. After 20 minutes I got out of the car and went in the front door.There were about 10 people all standing around impatiently and I saw this dirty disgusting kitchen with one guy (fresh over the boarder) working by himself. One couple canceled their order and walked out. He didn't seem to even care. I don't blame this guy since he was working his butt off and was really sweaty (which was dripping all over) and he didn't have any help. Needless to say after I went back in the car and got the food over 1/2 hour had passed probably close to 40 minutes. I asked the worker if he was the only the one and he said in broken English that the owner wouldn't get him any help and told him he can work by himself. When we got home both the reubens were very fatty. It was like a dead flesh flavored chewing gum. The lemonade was awesome (the only good part of the meal), the fries were just fried frozen potato sticks, the onion rings were nothing special and everything was way too greasy. They also didn't have any ranch available. The one employee said he had been too busy to make the ranch. The owner of the restaurant  should be hung, drawn, and quartered. How dare you leave this poor immigrant by himself in there to fend for himself. This place screams health hazard and disaster all over it. This just goes to show you. What you see on TV can be a totally different experience. I do hope the owner(s)/manager(s) get their acts together and makes this place better for the real customer experience.
1	quiet prejudiceour counter person wasn't outwardly mean but when we were at the counter, he didn't us give that special greeting that he did with the white folks that came in ten minutes after us.he didn't ask us if this was our first time at his store, if we wanted any fries, onion rings. and then when their sandwiches were 50% larger than ours...we were pissed.at the time of getting the sandwich, we had nothing to compare it against.we also had to go to the counter and he delivered the food to the white folksthat is what i meant by quiet prejudice. cause we had nothing to compare it until we saw a whole different side of him with the folks after us.
4	I came to this place just because my friend wanted to check it out. He said he saw it on the food channel, so I was more inclined to go. When you first arrive, you'll see that it's a very small restaurant with two tables for outside seating and 4 tables inside. Don't let the griminess get to you, because it does appear run down and dirty. I ordered the Philly Subsandwich and it was delicious!!! Hefty portions too! I actually couldn't finish my food, but damn, I'll reiterate. IT WAS DELICIOUS!If you don't mind that LA, NY grimy feel of a restaurant, I suggest checking this place out. You won't be disappointed.
2	I ate at Sammy's on May 31, 2013. I'm going to make my review short and to the point.  First, the good.  I was greeted and made to feel welcomed as I entered the place.  As suggested to me, I ordered the Pastrami/hamburger and it was big, hot, and tasty.  The Cajun fries (medium) were enough for two.  The sandwich, fries, and medium drink was $16.00, (a little more than I thought it should be.)  The Bad: You will have to wait longer than necessary to get your order,  Parking needs to be addressed (very little), the tables were Dirty, you would actually have to see them to understand, one table leaned so bad it should have been thrown away. As people came in and saw the tables, they would look at one another and think out loud, "What have we gotten ourselves into"?  My sandwich had so much mustard that it squirted out when I took a bite and I had to wipe mustard off my fingers after every bite. (I'd sugguest, Lighten up on the mustard.)  The menu was enormous and very hard to read and confusing. (Luckily, there were a couple of pictures up of what looked good but they could replace the menu with pictures/with prices. The door to the place was old and would not stay shut and the room itself was maybe 8 feet wide and 10 to 12 feet long, with 4 tables in it.  I think the place is designed for orders to go, but be prepared to wait a good while for your order as it was the norm for more people waiting than being served.   The guy taking orders should have been a used car salesman, as he made you believe, you were in for an eating experience. (which in a way, it was)
3	I've driven by this place many times but it never really got my attention until I saw it on the food channel and I figured if its good enough to make it on TV maybe I should give it a try. So when my boyfriend suggested we go there for dinner I was definitely up for it...we ordered the pastrami chili fries and let me tell you the portions are HUGE! The one order of chili fries was enough for us to share and still had plenty leftover to take home. The food was really good and tasty and I really enjoyed it ...and the only reason I'm not giving them a 4 star rating is because the overall appears of this place. It looks run down and somewhat dirty inside. If they were to clean it up and make it look nice it would be a lot more welcoming. I also didn't like the fact that their hour sign indicate that they closed 10pm and the cook was rushing some customers that walked in at 9:12pm and as soon as he handed the people their order, he put up the closed sign on the door and it was only like 930pm...so be sure to call before heading there just in case they decide to close early
4	Good burger place, and a really good burger.  I have had the chipotle and the chipotle steak burgers.  The steak burger was awesome.  Think it had more steak than burger.  The egg on this burger was a nice touch. Last but not least the Chipotle ketchup is amazing here. I love chipotle and the way this ketchup is made. A must taste of you are in the area.
3	We went to the Decatur location first but we got there 5 minutes before close...and they were closed. I suggested to come here (Trop location). Since I was just a passenger, I got dragged to a Chinatown restaurant but the pastrami gods were with me so we went here.I had my taste buds ready for a Pastrami Melt but my sister wanted to try it so, I ended up getting a Chipotle Steak Sandwich. My bro-in-law got an Italian Sausage but I don't have a picture of it since he gets mad if you take pictures of his food.The Chipotle Steak Sammie (steak with cheese, chipotle, Cajun spices and fried egg on top) was alright. It was cheesy. The spices they used kind of made the sandwich taste a bit strange. The egg made it tolerable.I tried my sister's Pastrami Melt. You know, the one I was supposed to get? It was good and I'm not a big pastrami fan.  It wasn't super loaded with pastrami and the flavor was good.The place has a drive through and limited indoor and outdoor seating.  It's not the neatest place to eat at but it's alright.  I don't know what it is but I felt sick to my stomach on the drive home.  It might've been the cheese on the sammie and melt.
1	Just stopped in tonight after seeing the place on Travel channel. I ordered the Chipotle Burger and onion rings, my wife had Backyard Burger and garlic fries.The onion rings and garlic fries were good. However, there is no way that the onion rings are beer-battered. Also, 20 minutes after eating half of the chipotle burger I began to feel sick. I've spent the last 15 minutes puking. They serve spoiled food and pass it off as fresh. The burger patties are frozen, and the place is not much more than a filthy shack.
5	Found this hidden gem on our way to the Hoover Dam. (Thank you TV Food Maps app!) I ordered the LA Pastrami sandwich because I love pastrami and I guess that's what they're known for. It was hands-down the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had! The tangy mustard and pickle play perfectly with the salty pastrami. The provolone is the perfect compliment as well.  I also ordered bacon cheese fries. Lots of cheese and tons of delicious bacon. I couldn't even finish the small. The strawberry lemonade is made with real strawberries and is fantastic. All in all, a great meal!
1	Honestly this place is pretty overrated. When they first opened up the food was decent but now it seems like they're having problems. I ordered the signature pastrami sandwich...while it did have a lot of meat it was lacking in flavor and covered in grease!Don't eat here unless you're a trucker.
4	Sammy's reminds me of the old burger shack joints in LA like Tommy's Original and maybe McDonalds in the 50's.  Back in the day, you had real good, big beef patties not the factory pressed pink slime molds full of filler and preservatives and nitrates.  The gourmet burger is all the rage these days.  Back when Carl's came out with the $6 burger, people scoffed at even paying $5 for a "$6" burger.  Today, nobody blinks an eye paying $5 for a sh tty burger.  The pastrami burger here is $8.  Not a big deal, because it's basically a burger and pastrami sandwich mixed together.  So it's like you bought a $4 burger and added a $4 pastrami sandwich and just got ride of two layers of bread.  I really liked it, because you could taste the pastrami, it was thick and meaty.  Some places like Subways I imagine the pastrami is transparent or just nasty fat with some vein of meat.  This was the real deal.  The only reason I heard about this place was because it was next door to Boiling Crab where I ate.  The one next door was closed so I actually looked this one up and drove across town for it.  The fries were also nice and big, not the skinny ones you get at McDonalds.  It was old-school fries.  This is basically all old-school, getting back to the roots of a good hamburger joint before it all went corporate and turned into Disney-sh t that gives us cancer and makes us obese.  I'm coming back here every trip to Vegas.
1	Gross what happened to this place????    I haven't been on here in about 9 months because I moved to the other side of town and I would say it used to be one of the best munchies place in town.  First off the place looked dirty and the ac was leaking into a cup on the counter.  The cook was taking the order and he was rude and upset that we were there. Milkshake was too sweet, the okra was tasteless and it was raw, the pastrami burger was greasy and disgusting and gyro was dry.  All in all was a big fail, I am really disappointed because this place was so bomb.
4	This place is amazing.  Yes, it can use fresh paint, a vacuumed floor, and a bigger dining area.  But if it had all of that, it wouldn't be an awesome hole in the wall place that you don't want to miss.  Though I passed it twice before finding it, if you didn't know this place was here, you would never see it.  But then, it would be your loss.  The prices are a little high, so it's not going to be a regular stop for me - however, the pastrami is amazing and the burger is awesome.  Being always in the search for the perfect burger in Las Vegas, this place is now towards the top of the list.  The garlic fries are as awesome as every body else talked about.  My only disappointment is that I didn't get a double pastrami burger.  Though the single is plenty large, I felt sad as I took my last bite of my burger. I'm looking forward to trying the one closer to my side of town.  Just the thought of it now makes me want to go for lunch - but then again, I value my marriage and won't dear go without my wife!
4	On recommendation, checked out this place. I unfortunately came in right when 10 people were ordering. It's a small joint, so it's just two people working most of the time, so the wait was long (upwards to an hour). However, I got the classic LA Pastrami, and it was worth the wait.A definitive positive is that they take care in everything they make. The sandwich was great. I also got a cherry lemonade and that was also very tasty. I'd say price is justified for the quality. I don't think it's usually busy so you probably won't have to wait as long as I did to get your delicious food.
1	I had really high hopes for this place!  I ordered the chicken philly.... took one look at it when i got home and knew i wasnt going to be able to eat it!  It was terrible!  Big chunks of chicken smothered in cheeze wiz!  So GROSS!  it was so soggy and down right wrong by the time i got it home!  The chili cheese fries were ok, i have had better... Like i said, i was really wanting to like this place, but now its a place i have scatched off my list, and probably wont go back!
3	Me & my girlfriend show up to small, dingy, stuffy restaurant to be greeted by odd male working at counter.  I inform him I have a coupon I purchased for $14 for $20 worth of food. He confusingly looks at me, like it was an inconvenience. He states I have to purchase $30 worth of food to get deal which didn't say on coupon. We ended  spending $17 more than expected. When asked about food recommendation, counter person read menu items & provided no help. The music playing & odd fellow reminded us of a Quentin Tarantino movie. We relocated to seats outside. It took about 20 minsto get garlic remano fries, pastrami melt, pastrami burger & root beer float. All items were large & burger single patty. You would think odd fellow would tell us it was way too much food for us but instead he provided no insight or details. We did not even youch burger & had more than half of fries left. After eating, he oddly offered cab which we already called for. Overall, food was good & don't mind hole in wall experience just didn't appreciate service!!  Recommendation is to order it to have delivered.
1	Overrated and expensive. Me and a co-worker went here for lunch. We ordered two pastrami sandwiches (no fries) and 2 sodas and the bill came to $28 bucks. The pastrami sandwiches were "ok" (average at best), but I was expecting a lot more after hearing all the great things about this place (after all, they were featured on the Food Network, as well as other media outlets). Also, the sandwiches were pretty small. I seriously don't mind paying $12 for a good-sized sandwich, but these were barely worth $5. For the price, I will not return to this place.Oh yeah, here's another thing: Their stereo speakers are blown. They need to take care of these A.S.A.P. Considering the place is just a stand and their food is being sold at the prices they're asking, I'm sure they have enough money to buy a new set of speakers. The owners must be cheap.The bottom line: Don't believe everything you see on the Food Network. Either that or somewhere along the line, the quality of their food went downhill.
5	Great customer service, GREATEST burgers and sandwiches period. The bread is fresh and the meat is tender. Been here many times and food has always been so so delicious. The portions are HUGE! The Garlic Romano fries might be the best fries i have ever tasted. A must go place in Vegas if you are ever trying to get a great and delicious meal for a reasonable price. The place is always clean and the food always fresh! Very close to the strip, which makes it an excellent place to eat whether your a tourist or just a Las Vegas resident.
1	Simple way overpriced small portions and worst of all as I was paying my bill $12 for Sm Pastrami n Sm drink.Roaches scurrying on the counter.unfortunately for me I had eaten,But for u still a chance lol.
2	I had heard of this place via the Travel channel.  This is for the Tropicana Ave location.As I looked them up over the net i saw that they delivered.  So since i was on the strip I thought I would call and check to see how far they delivered.  I don't know who answered the line when I called but I asked what was the delivery range? He replied in such broken english that it could not be understood.  I asked again. He replied in the same way with some other words that could not be understood.  At that point I said never mind and hung up.  I then just got in the car with my friends and decided to drive over.  Mind you, this location is very small and back off Tropicana so you have to pay attention when looking for it.  We decided to go inside and see what the place is like before we order.  Mind you parking is limited.  It was a little after 8pm and they did not close until 10pm.  Walked up to the door and it was locked.  All lights were on but we saw no one inside.   We knocked a few times then saw one person who motioned that we had to go through the drive through.  There was no sign indicating dining room hours. Soooooo we piled back in the car and went around. (Thank goodness we were the only ones there at the time you will see why later) We pull around to look at the menu and decide what we wanted. They have a big menu but we all wanted to try the pastrami.  We then pull up to the speaker to notice another sign that said pull up to the window to order. (Really?) We pull up and the guy ask us our order in a heavy accent which sounded very familiar to the person who answered the line when I called.  Note: check the video here on yelp of one of the guys they talk to.  I think this is the guy I am speaking of.  We wanted 5 pastramis with various different things on them and as we ordered he seemed to be in a hurry.  When asked to repeat the order he repeated it incorrectly, so we went over it again.  He said he had it but his english was poor at best and made it difficult for him to communicate what we ordered back to us so we were sure he got what we wanted.  After about 5 mins of trying to be sure he understood what we wanted we canceled one pastrami out of frustration. (I am glad we went to the window to order as it never would have worked through the speaker)  So we waited 20 minutes for it to be complete. Turns out he was the only person there.  You would think that with all the write ups about this place they would have more people working there at prime time.  So when we finally got the food we checked it and he did get the fries incorrect but we decided not to wait and just go on.  By this time there were 3 other cars behind us and I decided to pray for them and the time they had been waiting and would have to wait!!The pastrami was actually good(the meat was tender with good flavor and bread was soft and good) as were the fries but the frustration of trying to get inside, ordering, and wait made it a less than great experience.  Note: they use a 3rd party service to deliver. They do not deliver themselves and there is a service charge.  Lastly, they ran out of mayo!!!! How do you do that at a burger joint??!! I would only go back around lunch time when I could go inside.
4	This place was BOMB!! I waited a while for the food, but it was SO worth it. I will def be going back on my next trip to Vegas!!
1	This place is ridiculous! We have been waiting a half an hour for food in the drive through and no one has said anything to us. I don't care how good they say they are or how fresh the food is you should not have to wait in a drive through for a half hour. Forget what Food Network says this is definitely not Food Paradise. Avoid trying this place out !!!!!
2	Horrible service! We waited at the counter without even being acknowledged for a long time and tried to look at the menu to see what to order but kept having to move over so the guy could get to the tables to serve people. One cook and one person for the counter and drive thru. We finally walked out. I felt bad for the person waiting in the drive thru that was sitting there before we got there and still waiting when we left. I may try again only because I have heard the food is really good and under the following conditions:1. I am not all that hungry and can wait a very long  time.2. I am not on my lunch break3. I am in an extremely patient mood
3	We came here because we saw this place on the Cooking Network, it looked so good. First we pulled up and it looked dirty and old. No one was there. We ordered a gyro and a pastrami. The gyro was very good, the pastrami was super dry and salty. It wasn't the worst, but it wasn't the best.
4	OK so I'm back @ Sammy's Like I said I would when I come back to Vegas. Here for CES with my friend & said We gotta stop @ Sammy's. I've been here before & he only heard of Sammy's from what I've told him plus the pics. Looks Like he's coming back to Sammy's when he returns to Sin City :D SAMMY'S SAMMY'S SAMMY'S
5	Hands down best hole in the wall for burgers! Their fries and made exactly the way I like them. Good customer service :)
5	Finally, finally I get what I like The Italian Beef w/cheese so good made exactly the right way the taste very good I`m sure come back to enjoy this sandwich again an to try the 502 fries also the guy named Uriel gave me a great service too.
5	Omg the Gyros are amazing.  Dont forget to try the fries. I've yet to have something off their menu that wasn't awesome. Plus Brian the owner is always so nice to talk to and full of all kinds of stories.
5	Very satisfied with my table fair. I had the pastrami burger with bacon and an egg and my taste buds were so happy. Garlic fries were very good. And i also had an orange soda float that was great. So yummy. I am so glad that i seen the show on food network. I am from orange county and was in vegas on vacation. Will be here every time  i visit.
3	So let's start with 5 stars....well they lose a star just on service.   When I was there this afternoon there was only one other customer.   From the time I ordered to the time I received my food. ..15 minutes...a car pulled up behind me and eventually pulled over and the couple walked inside.  Another star lost due the food  being very heavy on the salt.   However on the plus side the man who took my order was very polite and made sure my order was correct and that I had all my extras condiments.   This place was first known via Food Network's Diners DriveIns and Dives....well this location is a dive. So that is factored in as well. Evidently they filmed at the Decatur St location.   My Pastrami Burger was as delicious as advertised.   The highlight however were the garlic fries.  Absolutely awesome!!  They are thin but moist and flavorful. .....Overall I will go back to try again but maybe try the other location.   It is also rather expensive but you do get a lot of food. ......
4	under impressed about the location and ambiance, but knew that the food and service was all that mattered. We shared the 502 sandwich and sweet potato fries and Oreo custard shake. I would order the sandwich and shake again in a heartbeat. Fries were average. The most memorable part of our visit was the guy running the place for the night. We were sorry we didn't catch his name since he was awesome, kind and made our experience even better .
5	This rating was very rough. On the surface I would've given it three stars, however there was one extenuating circumstance which prevents me from doing this. And that is the pastrami on the pastrami burger I had. It was so good, tasty, and yummy, that I have to forgive the other things which caused me to lower the rating. It even undid damage done by pastrami having little more fat than I like. The burger itself was mediocre, but pastrami was sensational. The garlic fries fairly good, wouldn't get them again. It's a little on the spendy side, though pastrami makes up for that also!
4	A friend from work and I ate here about a week ago and found out that the good things we heard were definitely true! Only con to me was the wait time for our food, which was a good 45 or so minutes. The pastrami sandwiches were so amazing demolished them fast lol. We also tried their parm and garlic fries, which were crunchy and delicious, also had their Cajun fries, those were pretty good but I liked the others better. All in all I would definitely go back, but make sure I had more time to spend waiting, make sure there's no where important you need to go asap lol.
5	I have to say that this place by far is the best pastrami burger in the world. I saw in on TV and HAD to go.a great owner and great shakes and GREAT garlic fries!
1	Service was slow and the food was horrible!!!! With 4 exclamation points. We went through the drive-thru and the handwritten sign says pull forward to order, so we did. The guy didn't come to the window for 7 minutes. Then he asks us to wait another couple of minutes to take our order. At that point we should have left. But I was curious as to see what the rave was all about on the Travel Channel. When we finally get our order taken. We ordered a Pastrami Sandwich and Garlic Fries. Not only was the wait to order long the time to get our food was even longer. Total time 25 minutes, no I'm not joking.As any fast food eating American would do we pulled out the Garlic Fries and took a few out while we were driving away. Yes they were hot as expected. But they were so salty and hardly any garlic flavor. We were expecting minced garlic and to our surprise it was only garlic salt with more salt - YUCK.The pastrami was very thinly sliced but was very fatty. Not typical of "LA Style Pastrami" as advertised. The sandwich roll was hard and not fresh. Could it get any worse - YES, the pickle was not put in a separate wrapper as I asked, so the pickle juice made the inside bread soggy. I do not like pickles on my sandwiches. The portion of pastrami was very skimpy. IMO - This place is not worthy of any publicity on national TV. It is expensive and the food is CRAP. If you are in Los Angeles got to the Hat, you will not be disappointed!
4	The burgers here are made to order. They are huge and packed with flavors. The patty a bit over cooked though.  This is what took a star away. Other than the patty being over cooked, every layer was fresh and tasty. The garlic fries was so yummie! Must try...
3	Was surprised that we were the only people here at 6 p.m. on a weekday. After finally ordering, which was actually kind of hard due to the fact that the guy is very hard to understand because he does no speak English very well, we got 2 pastrami's one rueben and rings and fries, total came to $42.  I was expecting really good sandwiches, well they turned out to be as average as average comes.  The onion rings were the best thing, and they were only decent. The bacon cheddar fries where one big glob of cheese, soaking wet fries, and some sort of mystery looking government meat.  for all the hype this place gets I gave to say it really falls short. Its an average sandwich shop.  Only wasy I would ever go back to give them a second shot is if someone else was picking up the tab. was really wanting to like this place since i live nearby.  Oh well!
5	I saw Sammy's on a  the Travel Channel and took a look at their menu here on Yelp. It's hard to resist a menu like that! After spending a while reading reviews and tips by fellow Yelpers I was on my way for lunch. Service was friendly and fast. There was no wait to take my order and cook time was like any small fast food joint. Their pastrami burger is phenomenal! A mound of juicy pastrami with gooey cheese! The mustard gives a perfect kick and the pickles are there but not over powering at all. All of it on a sturdy toasted roll like bun. I had it with a fried egg 'cause I must have a death wish. Paired with their perfectly cooked spicy Cajun fries the flavors were a party for my taste buds! I definitely recommend this place. I know I'll be back to try their sinful looking specialty fries. I need to stop now, I'm getting too excited.
2	The only reason it gets two stars are the fries and the selection on the menu. Other than that, I wouldn't even give it a half star. The service is, quite possibly, the WORST in Vegas. I went twice when who I believe to be the owner was there. He is just ignorant and rude, to say the least. I was there two other times and there was a gentlemen I could hardly understand, who obviously couldn't understand me either, because both times, he got my order wrong. Then there is the food. Burgers are burgers. Nothing special until you order specialty burgers, then that is where the gamble comes in. The first time I was there, a couple years back, (owner provided poor service this visit) the food was phenomenal. I swore that I would deal with the rude guy behind the counter for food this good. Went back a second time (First experience with "No Comprende guy") Food terrible. Chewy, fatty pastrami, under cooked burger.  I give multiple chances before I write a bad review. Many things can happen in restaurant business. Anyway, two more visits, two more experiences with poor service and fatty, chewy pastrami. Like I opened with though, the fries are great, and there is a good selection on the menu. Bottom line, go get the fries from Smashburger, along with a better burger. Let someone else tell you about the horrible service and zombie burger.
5	Great place. Cashier was happy and helpful. Food was perfect. A must stop place when visiting las vegas.
1	Do not go here I went here and ordered the Chipotle Steak sandwich. It is by far the worst sandwich ever it was chew and greasy . I would not come back!
5	This place is to die for, the food is amazing . I've been here twice in a year and I wish I've been more. Seriously I live down the street from here and only came twice something's wrong with me lol. Okay back to the best burger place in America  . The food here is to die for honestly the burgers are the best burgers I've ever had. They taste just like might even be better than the ones you grill up at home. Let me just say this place deserve more than 5 stars . And if your complaining about the price you shouldn't be every penny is worth it. And tip the guy he bust his ass for some bomb ass food!!!
4	While in the area, hubby and I decided to stop here for lunch. They have a drive-thru and chairs/tables outside. Their location on Decatur has only a drive-thru and walk-up window (seating outside), but at this location you can walk inside to order and they also have a dining area. I noticed a $14 for $20 yelp deal upon checking in, so I purchased it. The guy who took my order was very nice, but had some issues figuring out the yelp deal. He called the manager and it all got straightened out. The portions here are big, so hubby and I shared. We started out with "Fried Mozzarella" priced at $8.69 for the large and side if sauce. These weren't bad at all, but not the best I've tasted either, above average. I've had the "Garlic Romano Fries" from the Decatur location and loved them, so at $4.59 I ordered them with a side a Sammy's Sauce. The fries here were consistent with the ones I had previously, so they tasted great! Next I enjoyed my half of "The L.A. Pastrami" priced at $10.79 for the large. The pastrami was very tender and had good flavor. It also has mustard, pickles and cheese on it. This sandwich even comes in a extra large size! Even their small sizes are fair, so if you get a medium size or larger, it's very possible you could share with someone depending on your appetite. This place is definitely worth giving a try!
4	Came late after leaving a WWE event in Las Vegas and they were about to close but we didn't want to take the food all the way back to the Cosmo for it to get cold. They let us take our time to eat and the Pastrami Sandwich was absolutely delicious! I wish I could come back and give it a second try, definitely stopping by the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Wow, I had try this legendary place;' the pastrami is off the hook-late night affair for me, drinking all night long and eating over priced casino food, get in your car and come here. Highly recommended.
2	I ordered chicken fingers, bacon cheese fries & a oreo cookie shake. The delivery took 1 hr & 45 minutes. The food was cold & the fingers were over cooked. The shake was described as a custard ice cream shake but it tasted like crushed ice-milk with that consistency too. If thats a  custard milkshake, which I have eaten, then im a blonde lol...On the plus side was that they put a lot of bacon on the bacon cheese fries. But, thats about it. Needless to say, im never ordering from this place again.
5	Took a couple minutes to get our chipotle burgers, but they were delicious. Sweet potato fries were delicious. I regret not including any pastrami as a part if the meal, but the burger was all I could handle. I'll just have to come back for some pastrami next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I've been there a few times and the food is always good, fresh and fast. Li usually get the chicken basket for 11$. It's good but I wish it was a lil cheaper. They were pretty busy but the server still greeted me when I arrived and left. It's good and I'd recommend it
3	So it's 927pm on Saturday night and the dinning room is closed and we were forced to order through the drive in window. ODD given that the website days open till 11pm and drive thru till midnight.  Also, no custard  shakes.  Disappointing given the marketing about there shakes.  I ordered sandwiches for 4 people and the bill was $66 dollars.  I questioned him 3 times to ensure that I had it right.  $66 bucks.  The sandwiches better be GREAT.  The food is delicious.  The pastrami is great.  Rich with fat bit great.  The value isn't there.  Won't be back
2	My gf & I went to this place as it's always on travel channel's best place to chow down. My expectations were pretty high on how good it look & the way tv made it seem. Well when we went there, first it wasn't busy so that was a warning sign I should've noticed. Place is tiny, only 4 tables but it was not busy at all so finding a table was easy. My gf ordered the cheeseburger, I ordered the pastrami & we shared chili cheese fries. I also got a strawberry, banana smoothie. What I didn't know, I was paying full restaurant prices as our food total for that meal was almost $40. I was shock how expensive it was for a fast food place. We waited like 15 mins for our food. When we got it, it was ok, not worth the wait or price. The pastrami really had no flavor, the bread was too crispy where they toasted it too long. My gf burger was just any generic burger you can get at any burger place. The chili cheese fries were pretty good & smoothie was good also but pretty big. It's not bad just is not good at all which I definitely would not come again.
4	Incredible menu!  Sooooo many great choices!  I had the Steak Burger which was surprisingly tender and the cheddar/bacon fries.  Super huge portions. Will make this a frequent stop to try EVERYTHING!
5	Great service, a very interesting and appetizing menu. A definite must while in Vegas, nice little hole in the wall. Do not come here if you're on a diet.
2	Way too pricey!!! Not at all LA style pastramis... Probably will be our first and last. Waiting forever right now for our food, it's a Sunday no one else in sight and still we wait.
1	The food is fantastic! Little pricey but where isn't in Vegas? That's not why I'm giving a bad rating. I'm torn between giving this place a ONE or a TWO star rating because the food was top notch but the cashier was not nice.We came in today during the afternoon about 5 pm. We opened the door to have a rush of HOTTER than HECK air hit us in the face but the a/c was cranking. That I don't understand, it's Vegas a/c units have to work out here. That's not right you should care about your customers & your employees.  Have someone look at it PLEASE. We ended up eating outside because there was at least a warm breeze. I sat down behind the closed umbrella. I'm too short to pen the umbrella. I was on my tip of my toes trying to find SOME relief from the sun!Why do you charge a $1 for debit & credit card users as a method to detect fraud? When you can easily ask for ID!  The back of the credit card we used says "ask for ID" & the employee did not care or ask.I was craving a frozen cherry lemonade today, (I even called ahead to make sure the location had it). When he handed me the drink, it seemed cold but not frozen like I had asked. He gave me an unopened straw the first time.  I told the cashier my beverage was wrong,  that I asked for a frozen wild cherry. All I could taste was bitter, pink lemonade. We were the only folks there. I thought he heard me place my order. He then starts disputing with me what I ordered (rude?) & he gets mad at ME.  Over a small mistake? Mind you it's hot & he's giving me an attitude. I was more than polite, I did use the word PLEASE several times. Again I asked him to PLEASE replace it with a frozen wild cherry lemonade. He then decides he'll "fix it" and hands me an opened straw (I'm hoping it was the same one I used). I'm really grossed out by people touching where I put my lips, how do I know when was the last time he washed his hands??? I saw him ring us up on the register and touching stuff. It's STILL tasted like pink lemonade but at least this time it's frozen. I hate pink lemonade, I like sweet, not bitter or sour frozen drinks. It was so hot I drank it because I didn't want to be "that" customer. I was dying in the place, it was cold & wet I didn't care as long as the food was good..  Plus I have a dry skin as it is. It hurts to be in heat of the day with sensitive skin. The windows being tinted dark would help keep the sun out, & probably keep the place cooler than the three a/c units sticking out the wall & the useless window shades. I think it was just so unbearably hot he wasn't listening nor gave me eye contact. While he was rude the other employee was nice enough to bring it our food with a small smile. I'm surprised he was nice since I can't imagine how hot it is in that kitchen.  They both had sweat pouring off their faces. The plastic liners on the tables need to be changed. The wait for the food was not long since we were the only two people there. What a shocker!  Thank you to the ONE employee that did not lose his patience with me, (I just watched the video and Uriel was nice).  He's a really great cook! The tip should of been for you since you did make the food and did bring it to us.I hope the location on Decatur is better, with a/c, bigger parking lot & less attitude when there's a simple mistake. PLEASE get that A/C FIXED! I think the employees & customers would be grateful!
3	After a random trip to this side of town again following my "yelp heart" I decided to try this spot out. I had the pastrami burger and the pastrami itself was pretty good. The burger was ok itself nothing amazing. If I am in the area I might try again but for now I give it an average rating
1	What has happened to Sammy's la pastrami. Did Brian sell it or what. Just ate there again and had small fries, med drink, and a regular pastrami burger. Cost me $16.00. They brought out our fries way before our burger and then the burger was just a frozen hamburger with pastrami on it. They say it's a half lb of pastrami but it wasn't. So disappointing. In n out here we come. Lots better than Sammy's now and a heck of a lot cheaper.
2	The wait was a little longer than i would have liked, but there was only one guy working. A think the value for the dollar was better than average but the food all tasted the same, like maybe the grease needs to be changed. Idk if i'll go again any time soon, just can't afford $14 for fries.
5	Very friendly staff
3	Going to knock this place down a star. Here is why. Kind of slow. Extra Dollar charge for all debit or credit card transactions. As well two menu items the almost have the same name, one is okay and one is great. Hope you order the right item. As well the people working the window be it owner or employee have such poor attitudes. If all of that didn't make you go somewhere else here is the scoop. The food most of it good or better. The portions are a really good size to almost to much food depending on what you order. Here is my recommendations. Chipotle Steak Burger - Great burger - (just don't accidentally order the chipotle burger which is not so good) The meal fries - both the greek fries and the chipotle steak fries are both great buys and meals enough for two if you buy the regular and 3 if you buy a large. If you can get past the 1st part of the review then enjoy the second part of the review. As well currently you can buy a deal from yelp getting 20 bucks worth of food for 14.
5	I was sad planning our Las Vegas trip a couple weeks ago, knowing that this place was closed. I had no idea why, but later found out that it was going to be open while we were in town. We planned the trip months in advanced, so I had time to plan my food destinations and this was one of the top ones on my list. I saw it on the food network and it combined two of my most favorite foods...Burgers and Pastrami! I had to try it!The first thing I noticed walking in was the huge menu! I was overwhelmed by the amount of items that they had to offer and wanted to try everything! Of course I opted for the Pastrami Burger...a triple one! This thing was huge, but very, very delicious! I was so happy that I had a huge smile on my face after the first bite. My buddy and I also ordered the gyro fries, which was basically a gyro sandwich all on top of french fries! That alone was a meal in itself! The portions they serve are huge...and I eat a lot. I would highly recommend this place the next time you are in Las Vegas! I know I'm going back and getting even more items to try next time! :)
1	food looked good till i saw the idiots touching  and making  the food with their hands.......  buy gloves dummies
3	We had the pastrami and the garlic romano fries too salty for my taste...  the staff was very friendly, we saw him make a shake, will try it the next visit, lots of ice cream...A/ C needs service, we went on a hot day and it was cool not comfortable.
3	Okay so about 3 months ago i see this place on The Travel Channel, and knowing i come to Vegas maybe twice a year, i make a note to book mark it. Fast forward to this week and here i am in Vegas with my wife and 6 year old son, and of course when its dinner time....i suggest my book marked Sammys. It was 6 p.m. on a Tuesday.We drive here and first off, its aittle shack and the inside is kinda....Um.....dumpy....., the tables are wobbly, the plastic table covers were kinda nasty and now im feeling hesistant and wonder if we should leave.We stay and i ask the cashier if the XXL $15 pastrami sandwich is big enough to share, he said yes so we order it, a large garlic fries to share, a bacon cheeseburger for my son and a large drink..came to $35, Wait a second.....now that i think about it....the XXL was $15, so are you telling me a bacon cheeseburger, large garlic fries and large drink was $20? I wonder if i was over charged...HMmmm...oh well whatever.Anyway back to review:We get our fries about 10 mins before everything else, even the drink. They were plentiful and tasted pretty good, nothing mind blowing, and maybe could have used alittle more garlic. I mean they are GARLIC fries.My sons bacon cheeseburger was good and was decent thickness. The $15 XXL pastrami sandwich tasted  good with little fat, but my problem is for a XXL $15 sandwich, that bad boy should be over flowing with pastrami, it was ok size wise but i expected bigger, id hate to see the regular sized sandwich. After it was done, i asked for extra pickles....when i got the sandwich there were 4 pickles in a tiny cup you would normally put ketchup in and none on the sandwich. Do they normally come with the sandwich? Cause asking for extra on a $15 sandwich, i expected alot of them but no major biggie.Now heres my biggest gripe. The cashier was a super nice black guy and he was doing EVERYTHING by himself. I felt bad asking for extra napkins, and then asking for mustard, and then asking for an extra plate cause i was taking him from doing 5 other jobs all at once. He was answering phones, making food, taking orders and handling money WITHOUT gloves. I personally think handling money, answering phones and then going to make my food without washing or using gloves is fu*king disgusting. Do you realize how dirty cash and phones are? Im in Los Angeles and that shit is taken so seriously. Theres a awesome burger joint 2 blocks from my home that i go to all the time, and about 3 months ago i went in and the same shit was going on, i walked out vowing to never return, fast forward 90 days ago and they were closed for 30 days due to "health reasons", i dont know if thats why, but i hope so....thats nasty as hell. As we walked in Sammys, my wife says "look....hes not wearing gloves". Why risk our health and eat there anyway? I dont know...hunger, i guess.Anyway....the food was decent, the prices were a tad high and the appearance and health risks were horrible. Will i be back....sadly, no.So im giving it 3 stars and thats generous because the cashier was really nice and the pastrami itself was pretty damn good.For a place that brags about being on television, please hire another guy and buy a box of friggin latex gloves for the cook.
3	My family and I went yesterday to try it out, as we are fairly new to the area. Short story: we played it safe and got bacon cheese burgers and shared medium Romano Garlic fries (myself and my husband) and a chicken basket w/ regular fries for our son. Food was ok. Minus the chicken, tasted a bit freezer burned and like the oil needed to be changed.The garlic fries could have been better but the Romano and garlic flavors were a bit over powering. I didn't mind it too much. The burger was piled high with hearty bacon, massive amounts of cheese and the bun itself was tasty. I did notice the gentleman working the counter was alone. He was manning all stations, register, grill, phone and drive thru. I saw he ignored a car because he was dealing with someone at the counter. I made a note to make sure I enter the door. Not only to make sure I'm serviced, but because I feel that had I not been able to stare at the man, he would not have washed his hands while preparing our food. I saw him wipe his hands on his jeans a couple times and made sure I had a clear view of the food prep. the lemonades are pretty awesome)
4	Okay I visited the location at Decatur & it made me rethink my rating. It's worth a try because the food really is delicious.  I just can't stand how hot it is inside. I think we'll come back when it's not 110 degrees. Towards the Fall or winter.
4	American burger joints are all the same.  Except for Sammy's.  Sammys is better.  If you want a cheap combo and want it fast go McDeezy.  They are not a damn bistro or deli it's a real 'Merican burger joint. With real ice cream or custard shakes.The prices are about 7-12$ for a burger.  The regular fries are about 3-7$ bucks.  There are "meal fries" from 7-15$.  The Large drinks are 2.69.  *ask for a vanilla rootbeer or vanilla lemonade*The difference is the burgers are thicker than Fatburger and can have ribeye steak, the thickest bacon anywhere, fried eggs, pastrami, and or Italian sausages in them and on the higher price side that includes 3 patties with those ingredients and soo much cheddar. The regular fries are super rich choosing either of 5 different flavors.  Including garlic romano parmesan, bbq, ranch flavored fries.  Get this, there are "Meal Fries" that consist of about a pound of fries in a number of different styles.  Steak Fries- 1 pound of sliced ribeye 1/2 pound of pastrami and chili cheese jalapenos.  Gyro fries- sliced lamb tszaki cream feta cheese cucumber onions and tomatoes. Then theres the "3 Square Meal" fries it has everything in the steak fries add fried egg italian sausages and thick cut bacon and a kitchen sink.These can all be shared by 3 people and all will be full.  Add a tripple burger and cut it in thirds then all will be over filled.Greasy glutinous and gravely high in cholesterol.  You could only eat here once in a month or you will be prescribed blood pressure meds.
1	PLEASE READMy husband saw the review for this place on the Travel Channel and we made it a point to stop in Las Vegas specifically to give this place a try on our way home to So. Cal. from Lake Powell.  HUGE mistake! My husband had the Pastrami Melt and before even finishing his last bite he had intense stomach cramps (approx. 4:30).  We spent the next two hours waiting for my poor husband who got serious food poisoning. He had not eaten anything since breakfast so we know with 100% certainty it was from the Pastrami Melt. I am not a fan of pastrami so thank goodness I didn't touch the pastrami. Aside from the hubby getting sick he didn't feel the Pastrami Melt was any better than others he had eaten elsewhere. The chicken in my chicken sandwich was extremely thin, not even a full chicken breast half. The chicken sandwich at Chick-fil-a is ten times better and less expensive. They won't give you a glass of water (we don't drink soda) but will gladly sell you bottled water. Only good thing was the Garlic Romano Fries. Overall the place was quite dirty (floors needed sweeping, tablecloths dirty and torn), very small and extremely hot inside. It's 113 degrees outside and they are too cheap to turn on the A/C??  Oh and no bathroom for customers. Makes me really wonder about how or why restaurants are selected to be featured on shows such as The Travel Channel.  Extremely disappointing.
3	Locals sent me to eat here while I was in town. The bad 1st: Out of onion rings and the soda fountain wasn't working. The Awesome: Pastrami sandwich & garlic fries. Try it out if you're in vegas.
5	Best pastrami I've had in the longest time ever! coming from California they had some major competition. Only bad thing is the wait is a tad bit long so not good if you're in a hurry.
2	First of all we don't like being picky but when you drive 40 minutes just to try a famous la pastrami  we expect if not the best at least worth our trip sandwich. There was no lighting for the menu, prices are high , we order the xtra large pastrami sandwich to share but wasn't even a 12" long for 14$, we order onion rings they were out of those, the sandwich was very salty hard to eat really and I like salty food. The chili fries is the reason we give them 2 stars but for the rest it was a disappointing trip to Sammy's.
4	Solid grinds, and food.  The sandwiches are delicious and I would like to try more, the greasy spoon in my loves this place.  Hangover, this place will cure it.  Hungry , this place will cure it.  Cheap, its cheap, this is not expensive, but not cheap by any means.   Its next to the Al Phillips old cleaners building, in a little A frame.  between buildings, its stand alone.  A little hard to find, but not if you find it once.  Did I just write that..lol   Go find it, its good..
5	Best burger and sandwich joint ever! Great food and super friendly atmosphere. So much food a fat man couldn't finish lol!
5	I have been coming here for a few years now.   This place has the best pastrami sandwiches in Las Vegas.   Several of the things you can order here can easily feed 2-3 people, so bring an appetite.
1	Saw the place on travel channel... Looked awesome... Bought the yelp deal prior to getting there!  Bad choice!  Waited 15 minutes at counter for the one person running the entire place to take our order.  I hear other people ordering and the employee told them that they were out of many items they were ordering!  Then they had no change to make when people were paying their bill!  Last... Food was horrible... Salty, chewy pastrami...yuck...my stomach is still churning...
5	Awesome,Awesome,Awesome! I had the classic pastrami and my husband had the classic bacon cheeseburger. Oh wait.... The garlic fries are off the chain. For a damn good burger or pastrami sandwich I highly recommend Sammy's.
4	Service is slow as molasses, but the food is really good. That's the trade off. If you can get past the wait, you'll enjoy it. Prices are a bit high, but again the food is good. Garlic Romano fries are awesome!
5	Huge portions. Had the big ass bacon double cheeseburger with 12 strip of bacon. It was awesome. Also had the bacon cheese fries. Definitely one meal could be shared. I'll be back for sure
4	Five stars if the service at night was better.I wouldn't down any of the good tho it's fantastic all the time and the drinks are bomb city
4	Great spot to eat after a long night out in Vegas!  Don't miss out order the Pastrami burger and the garlic Romano fries . Only reason I didnt give them 5stars was they charge you one dollar to use your bank card. But overall the food here is fabulous and delicious.
5	Hands down this was the best food we had while in Vegas. The pastrami burger was phenomenal! The wings and fries were awesome also. We hopped on a bus from the strip and were there in less than 15 minutes. Definitely worth the commute.
1	Went here for the first time in a while and have to say it will be my last visit. The burger was over cooked but the cheese was not melted. The pastrami was so tough it could not be bitten through. This used to be a place to get some decent food but no longer .
1	I was not impressed at all! The staff was not friendly the food was sub par and over priced! I had cheesesteak the husband had pastrami neither was anything to brag on def wont be going back
3	Guess I expected to much, food is good nothing to write home about. Friendly staff even though he was swamped. Small place big portions though.
5	This place looks a bit sketchy from the outside but the food is soooo good. I ate every bit of my "big ass bacon cheeseburger " with garlic fries. My friends got the zombie burger and the chipotle burger. They also said they were good. The service was amazing. The guys were so nice and helpful. I will definitely be back again.
4	Being a native Angelino I can't tell you how frustrating the food scene is in Vegas. Yes we have all the famous chef's and their restaurants no disrespect but sometimes you need that greasy food, shabby decor kinda a place to get your grub on! Sammy's is that, it reminds so much of home and all the neighborhood haunts we would frequent growing up! LOVE IT!
5	Stopped for a late night meal while I was in Vegas. Ordered a Double Classic Burger with Cheddar Cheese and Fried Egg. I also, ordered a Medium Deluxe Chili Cheese Fries.........WOW! Some of the best homemade comfort food I've had in a long time! The Deluxe Chili Cheese Fries where a meal in themselves. Thank you Chef Kevin! Don't let the look of the place fool you. It's not exactly inexpensive but, it is certainly worth it. I'll definitely be back again for some more of Chef Kevin's hot food & cool Blues music!!Oh and don't forget to grab a handmade Chocolate Custard Milkshake!!
1	What a mistake going here thinking I was going to get a good pastrami sandwich. First of all there was one person working the front, window and cooking, so it took almost 40 minutes. I would of had my money refunded. My husband  & I are from Los Angeles, we recently moved to Henderson and have been searching for a pastrami sandwich. We thought this was going to be our lucky night....wrong!  Sammy's claim to be like LA pastrami what joke, they fry the meat on the same grill with hamburger grease or whatever type of meat. Our order came out to $25.40 with one medium sandwich, garlic fries, and medium drink. The one star is for the garlic fries which were decent even if they were cold. My advise is Be afraid, be very afraid of Sammy's LA Pastrami.
5	Amazing Pastrami Burger and Friendly service. I will eat here every time I travel to Las Vegas!
3	It is my utmost regret to update this review.  It is my duty to signify the changes that have taken place in this great place of pastrami.  It seems the other reviews are correct.  Things have indeed changed.  The steak fries did not resemble the ones of years past.  The meat portion indeed could not possibly be the weight that it claims any longer.  Also the fries were mushed under all the chili and the little shreddings of "rib-eye" were dark, burnt and sad looking.  The wings are now fried until burnt as well and the sauce is on the side now.  Completely ruining the aesthetic appeal of ordering "different styles" of wings.  The menu is now handed to you and the prices are just as high.  Quality is not up to par for the prices any longer.  Food yet not perfect as I was used to was still pretty darn good tasting though.  Hence, 3 stars.
1	Paid $35 for 2 pastrami sandwiches and 1 medium fries, There was only 1 person running the place so waited over 2 hours for  food only to end up with the runs NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	Went to sammys so we could try the big ass cheeseburger. This place should be on the strip, the burger meat is nothing special and the bacon is basically just fat. Not worth it at all. But the milkshakes, soooo good.
3	A very small place, only can fit about 16 people in their dinning room. Customer service isn't in their agenda. Had to wait about 15mins until someone eventually came up where I can get their attention to place an order BUT their food is amazing. Definitely made up for the lack of customer service.
2	Had the patty melt and zucchini.  Nothing special.  Was really excited after seeing reviews. Zucchini is frozen,  same stuff you get at burger king. Nothing special about the burgers either. ..very disappointed. $17 for a burger, zucchini and a soda :(
3	Their food is amazing. But I'm not too fond of their customer service. I would not recommend using the drive thru. If you want to order it for to go you should go inside. If you are as patient as I am dealing with bad service it is worth it for the food!
