5	I hired Arizona Roof Rescue to replace my roof if Tempe. Their bid was significantly lower than two others I received. They completed the job ahead of schedule and their work was perfect. I couldn't be happier with the service I received from Az Roof Rescue. I highly recomend them for complete replacement or just repairs. (They also did some minor repair work to a second home I have in Tempe)
5	To our surprise while doing a little pigeon removing from our roof we found our roof in need if some TLC.  We found this company on Angie's list.  Although their bid seemed high, coming in at $3800, he walked our entire roof, it didn't take long.  We had between 25 and 40 tikes that were broken.  They were not secured and the laundry vent and other piping did not have caulking.  Actually the dry vent could have caught on fire.  From their we had to wait a week and half to get the repairs done.  But work they did.  These guys worked from 630 am to 7 pm two straight days.  Each day cleaning up all around our front and back.  The work looks great.  I don't know anything about roofing but I know we bought this house less then 6 months and the roof passed inspection.  The clay tiles are guaranteed 50 years.  The guy that came out was Informative teaching is a lot.  They told us to mark our calendar and have them come out in a year to walk the roof again and make sure there are no issues.  Customer service, hated that we had to wait, we were concerned the repairs were being done during monsoon so leaking was on our mind.  Price, have no clue on how they compare, this was because every person wanted to charge a minimum of 300 just to consult on our roof.  He was the only one that did not charge for estimates and consultation, to me that said a lot.  There is no signs of workers in our home.  They did come a few days before to have you sign the price commitment and they stuck to the price.
5	Where should I start. Well after the last crazy rain spell we had we started to notice some buckling in the ceiling and even had some drywall come down. After hours of researching I decided to call Arizona Roof Rescue. Spoke with Alan M, who is actually the owner and he was very helpful. We were expecting the worst but luckily just needed repairs in a few spots. The cost was very reasonable. The workers showed up on time and were very nice and got right to work. No more leaky ceilings for us. I definitely plan on telling all my friends about Alan and his great company.
5	We just recently sold our home and during the house inspection, the inspector found some cracked tiles that the buyers wanted replaced before closing.  We only had 1 week to get the repairs done in order to close on time.  I called a bunch of roofing companies I found here on Yelp and everyone was either too busy or wouldn't return my call.  Then I called Arizona Roof Rescue. Alan came out right away on a Tuesday to give us quote.  He did a thorough inspection of the roof and found some additional cracked tiles.  He was able to schedule the repairs for that upcoming Sunday, just in time to meet our deadline.  On Friday, Alan had some time and was able to complete our repairs that day.  So not only was Arizona Roof Rescue able to help me on short notice, they completed the job ahead of schedule!  Thank you so much Arizona Roof Rescue! It's great to see a business that is willing to go above and beyond to help out a customer!
