4	I really enjoyed Lola Bistro. This place just opened tonight and it was rather busy!  All of the food is house made as well as locally sourced. The menu describes the cuisine as contemporary comfort food. I thought the ambiance was casually romantic and the dining area thoughtfully decorated with artwork that is for sale. The menu has a creative mix of dishes from around Europe, artesian cheese and house charcuturie specials, and a seafood and meat special. It is BYOB with a reasonable 5 dollar corkage fee.I ordered the ribeye special while my girlfriend decided on the Lamb Bolognese. I really enjoyed my dish that was served with sauteed vegetables, mashed potatoes, and a house made steak sauce. My girlfriend most definitely enjoyed her dish, and we both joined the clean plate club. For dessert we had the russian honey cake that most everyone around the restaurant seemed to be enjoying. It's made in house by the Chef's wife and was creamy and delicious.Overall, this place truly impressed us. The service was excellent and the wait for food was not long. For a place that just opened, with a full dining room, that was pleasantly surprising.
4	My friends live in the Mexican War streets so it was exciting that a new restaurant open up down the street.  We decided to have a girls night!The restaurant was rehabed and they did a great job! It is cute and cozy. They have a chalk board menu of rotating specials and a set menu.  The options are good but I just wish the menu was a little bigger.  I decided on the house salad and Moroccan dish.  Everything was great! Everyone loved their dishes except for the crab cake (it was dry and mostly filler). PRO: BYOB, very friendly service, great food, quaint interiorCON: Very small menu Overall: Loved it, we will be back!
3	I was intrigued by a new bistro on the North Side, an area which I hope becomes a zenith for Pittsburgh food and culture, given its rich history.Lola was tucked away, amid the warehouses and rowhouses, and is a tiny, quaint husband and wife establishment. My girlfriend and I were the first 2 people to walk in, shortly followed by another couple.The menu looked brief and intriguing, and I generally feel most menus should not be any more than a page.I opted for the charcuterie and cheese plate for an app. The cheeses, including a cave aged goat cheese, and a delicious manchego were awesome. The cured meats, including a duck liver I believe, were also quite tasty.When compared to the Salumi platter at Cure, for a mere 9 dollars more, there is alot more food available.Our mains were crab mac and cheese, while my girlfriend had ordered the spanish mackeral. Both were cooked with precision and care, but seemed to lack any distinct contrast in flavors. I would be curious to try the flame grilled Ribeye.I wish LOLA all the best, and I would chalk these issues up to growing pains.
3	We dined here last week before a concert at near-by Manchester Craftsmens Guild.  I believe the Chef's wife was our waitress.  Service was top notch.  We were well cared for.  Lola is a BYOB, with reasonable corkage , so that is a definite plus.  We found the ambience to be quite nice also.  It was quiet, and the decor was just fine.  I guess the food was where they lost a star in my rating.  I had Cioppino, a special from their chalkboard and my wife ordered their chicken pot pie off the one-page menu.  Both were tasty and although we enjoyed them, I've had much more exciting Cioppino, both locally and in San Francisco.   Incidentally, when the local restaurant Cioppino first opened I tried theirs and thought it was way too untraditional for my liking.  This was actually better, but would I order it again?  Nah...   I also tried my wife's chicken pot pie, and again, was it nice?  Yes.  Was it memorable?  No. I guess their description of what they do....comfort food,  is accurate, but to me it lacks pizzazz that would set it apart from the herd.  Will we go back?  Yes, because everything but the food was very good, the food was o.k., it's a BYOB, and it's convenient to MCG.  My other go-to Northside restaurants, James Street and Max's sometimes need a rest.
3	I really wanted to love this place so much - love the concept, service was great, space is intimate, and the food was good.  unfortunately, the price point is way off here and is not aligned with the market.  this is not to say the food was bad, just that it's way overpriced for what you get.the cheese and charcuterie plate was woefully tiny for $18, and did not seem fresh.  between my friend and i, we had the lamb bolognese and cassoulet.  both were good, but not worth $24 each.  also, the portions were on the smaller side.  we also had the russian honey cake which was good but would've been better had it been fresh - it was still a little cold from the fridge, and you could just tell that it wasn't freshly made.  for what we got, our dinner should not have cost as much as it did.i get that it's a small operation and a fairly new business, but they would be better off building a loyal customer base for reasonably priced, elevated comfort food, rather than overcharging to meet costs and discouraging some from going back.  another observation makes the point - the place is cheaply furnished and the utensils are cheap.  i have nothing against ikea, but eating a $24 entree with tin/aluminum utensils is incongruent.  there's a time to cut costs and a time to invest, the trick here is to figure out the right formula.
4	This is a great little gem tucked away in the North Side.  Simple but elegant, and perfect for a date or special occasion.  How are Darden restaurants so crowded on the weekends when there are places like this to go?  This is not a place for hoi polloi.
4	Delicious cheese plate, entree noodles were home made (very well done), and the Russian Honey Cake was amazing for dessert! Eat the cake!!
4	Great place. I had the carbonara with housemade bacon and fettuccine; Faithful Dining Companion had the seafood special, grilled salmon with tiny lentils and creamed sorrel. It was all excellent. Easy parking and not crowded. A well kept secret!
5	I had been meaning to check out this place since reading about in the City Paper and finally made it over there on a Wednesday evening. At 7:30pm, I was surprised to find the restaurant empty. No other guests came in the entire time we were there. The decor is simple and rustic. We ordered the Siberian dumplings filled with lamb and beef to start. They were delicious! I had the seafood special: seared scallops on creamy polenta with arugula salad and roasted red pepper sauce. My companion had the lamb bolognese. While some have complained of small portions, the bolognese was very generous. And three large scallops is pretty typical. The food was great! And don't skip dessert! The Russian honey cake was something pretty special, and I couldn't imagine anything better until I tried my companion's cannoli. Delicious!
5	This place was fabulous. Very quaint place on Northside that needs a following. ALL of the food from start to finish was great and we tried everything. Bring your favorite red wine and try this place!
4	We had dinner there last night with friends, our food was really great, salads, specials, scallops, we all had different dishes and everyone was very satisfied.  Charming, casual, good service, excellent food, we'll be back.
4	Pros: BYOBAttentive ServiceDelicious Food Seasonal specialsCons: Not in the South SideWent here with a group of 6 to celebrate a couple of birthdays, so we tried almost everything on the menu without finding a dud. For starters, the delicate meat-stuffed Pelmeni are a generous appetizer to share. The amazingly tender pork souvlaki with a tangy tzatziki sorrel sauce was the winner, but everything was interesting, creative, and tasty. My scallops were cooked impeccably well. This is probably the best hidden gem restaurant in Pittsburgh where you could probably walk in on a Saturday night and get a table without an issue, but I'd make a reservation to be safe. Check out Lola the next time you want to impress a date or have a nice dinner with friends.
4	Came here for PGH restaurant week, their 3 course menu culminated with the Portuguese stew including mussels, salmon and some awesome broth...normal menu looks great too. The atmosphere is cozy and charming yet well lit and inviting.We'll be back.
5	Fantastic food, especially the labneh, pelmeni (Siberian dumplings), and honey cake. The fettuccine carbonara was also extremely tasty, and also surprisingly light and fluffy.
5	I want you all to know the glorious FIVE STAR experience I just had here the other night! Could this be one of thee most underrated restaurants in Pittsburgh? It just might be, so please get here and get ready to be blown away because it really blows up and you end up not getting a reservation!It's little unassuming corner joint, but when you walk through the door you're pleasantly surprised by the calm atmosphere. The aesthetic was very clean, with glowing tea lights and cream shades covering the windows. The service was just impeccable too, as our waitress was friendly and open to us asking questions about the menu. We started off with one of their specials, the Mackerel Mousse with homemade pepper crackers. I was a little nervous having not tried something like this before, but since I'd read past reviews that said to get it, I trusted my fellow Yelpers! Good thing I did, because it was incredible! The mackerel was a perfect whipped sensation, sprinkled with some bright orange caviar. But, let's talk about the homemade pepper crackers... That tasted more like shortbread cookies. Man were they good, and our waitress kept bringing us more! It was a treat that I never wanted to end, even at the beginning of our meal!I took a quick glance at the top of the menu, which advertised the bistro as "American comfort food." Let me tell you, it's comforting to know that you'll be 100% satisfied leaving here! The menu is small but it was one of those times were everything looked enticing. My mind was made up pretty fast, as I zeroed in on the Noodle bowl. It had Beef/lamb meatballs, pho broth, cilantro and coconut noodles, shiitake and kimchi for $22. Let me tell you, the flavor of the broth, the homemade coconut noodles and the meatballs, the most amazing meatballs, made for one incredible dish. This meal just rocked my pho loving world!And it didn't stop there! We just had to go for a delicious homemade dessert. The layered Russian cake was devine, with a honey cream layered between soft cake. The server talked it up, but didn't do it justice until you took a bite. And, she had made it herself that day... Adorable, right? I'm just so won over... Seriously, go here, and go here now! I cannot wait to come back and share this hidden gem with the masses.
5	Had dinner at Lola for our first time last night and we will be regulars. It is casual fine dining. A simple but elegant interior with excellent service. The food is creative, fresh and the tastes are just wonderful. Everything is home made. We asked the table beside us, which all 5 people ordered a different entree which was the best and they said all were excellent so they were not much help in deciding. We shared a salmon cake which was delicious. The roasted Pepper mix and the Caesar salad were both large and both excellent. The Caesar didn't have a thick creamy dressing like some restaurants but was chopped and very flavorful and was one of my favorite Caesar salads.  My wife had rabbit cannelloni with 2 large home made cannelloni's that were stuffed and in a very flavorful sauce and I had the carbonerra and both dishes were just wonderful. BYOB and this should be a go to place for wine drinkers to enjoy their best wines with food that goes good with wine. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food you are getting and the portions are nice size. We didn't have room for dessert which I heard are really good. They have specials listed on a chalk board for variety.  Not sure why this restaurant doesn't have a wait list to get a reservation. What a great small restaurant!
5	I was looking for a restaurant for a special occasion and stumbled upon this on yelp. It is a fantastic restaurant nestled in the North Shore. It is a BYOB and all of our food was fantastic. It's a great place for a date or a special occasion. International comfort food at its finest!
5	Another wonderful dinner at this cute restaurant. We each had salads which were very good and huge. I had the LAMB BOLOGNESE and my wife had the whole trout. Both dishes were excellent. The restaurant wasn't very busy on a Sat night which amazes me. One of the better dining places in Pittsburgh.
4	Three star experience in my book, but I gave an extra star for concepts and innovation.  It was hot and the air conditioning was either not on or ineffective. I had to get up myself to turn on the fan. The server was busy... perhaps  because we sat down at 5:30pm a tad early and she was still doing setup. The menu is exciting and I think the creative approach and variety is wonderful. However the execution of some of the concepts was only fair. The flavors were generally good but leaned toward bland. The gnudi (all-cheese gnocchi) were surprisingly bland. Their version of saag paneer - bland and dry. Their meat dumplings - good but heavy and the dough and sauces were bland. The lime Caesar had more flavor than any of the other dishes but alas it was still just a salad. Good but bland overall. The black currant ice cream dessert was quite tasty.Work on execution of spice and flavor from the framework of the bold concepts and this place will be unstoppable.
