5	I stumbled into Allure with my boyfriend in January because he needed an "emergency" hair cut (he has a Mohawk). He went to Sarina who did a good job and actually cut the 'hawk in straight. You may be surprised how hard that is to get... I noticed that Sarina had beautiful shiny colored extensions in her hair and asked her about them. She said she did them herself, so I immediately made an appointment to get some put in the next day. She got these gorgeous extensions in SO fast and so inexpensively, I absolutely adored them. Most of them lasted about 3 or 4 months. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely getting them done again. In fact, I may go back just for the extensions! I cant find anywhere locally to get them... Give yourself a little "spark" and excitement! Go see Sarina for glitter extensions.Update April 2011: I am still driving out to see Sarina every few months to get the glitter extensions. I've tried getting them done locally and they just fall out. Sarina gets them in my hair in a few minutes, best price and they STAY for several weeks to a few months. She's the best.
5	I really just couldn't believe there weren't more reviews for this salon. Well, I suppose it is because it is on the East side of Las Vegas, an area that gets no love and no attention. But hey - I live on the East side and I can understand why. However, just because this salon isn't in some posh stylish area of town doesn't mean they don't do a great job. I have been here twice and will be back again and again as long as I live in Vegas. My stylist, "David English" (and I ask him by that name on purpose) is absolutely fantastic. On both occasions David shampooed and conditioned my hair. He listened to exactly how I wanted it to be done and he did a lovely job. I am usually kind of skeptical and antsy about how I want my hair to turn out and I like to give the stylist an idea and let them run with it. Some stylists I've been to in the past get freaked out by this notion and demand I tell them exactly what I want. Well, David definitely didn't and I am grateful to him for that! I guess the only downside is the location (but it's good because it is close to me!!) and you aren't going to be served a non-alcoholic martini here or given a pedicure while you wait - but honestly when I'm looking for a good haircut I don't care where it comes from as long as I love the outcome the place produces and Allure certainly does that!
5	The owner, Sharry Flaherty, is a great lady and she runs an excellent salon.From a hair cut to a pedicure all her employees are professional and well groomed themselves!Great place for a bridal party to go to look their best for that special day.5 stars to the best salon on the East side!
