1	This was my first time using this place. It's next door to where I get my nails done, so it was pretty convenient to drop things off when I get my mani/pedi. I WILL NEVER USE THIS PLACE AGAIN.My experience: I dropped 15 pieces of clothes off and was promised a pick up time the following Monday. There was also a "bogo" on blouses. They told me the discount would be applied when I paid. I showed up on Monday to get my clothes and only half of them were ready. I needed my work clothes, so I had no choice but to pick up what was ready and return later. They made me pay the entire order up front. Fine. That's normal. I had forgotten my order ticket, so when they brought up the one they had, this was was for $15 dollars more than my original order and said I had two extra dresses. Apparently I had clothes magically appear over there. I told the woman that this was incorrect and she told me to bring my original ticket in and they would credit me back when I picked up the rest of my clothes. Fine.I go back with my original ticket to pick up the rest of my clothes and I deal with either the Manager or the owner-either way, he did NOT speak English. He insisted that the second recepit was correct despite the original ticket I showed him. I told him that there was NO way two extra pieces had been added to my ticket. He had the audacity to CALL ME CRAZY and again showed me that two extra dresses were added. WHERE DID THIS COME FROM?!  He ended up shoving my clothes in my arms and walked away...because this is apparently how you deal with customers who have an issue, right?I ended up calling my credit card company and they dealt with it for me. EITHER WAY, won't be goign back and I suggest you don't go either.
1	This Place has a hard time with customer service! They over charge on their work and don't communicate with the customers as well as they should as to what they will charge! When my girlfriend dropped off my pants to have them hemmed, they were not clear as to how much it would cost? With both the owner/manager and the employees not speaking English very well!!! It is real hard to communicate with them, or understand them when they tell you what it will cost? I had a receipt that had some charges on it, but what they had on it didn't add up to the actual total price and couldn't explain it clearly as to why?? OVER CHARGED BOTTOM LINE!! I would be very careful if you chose to take your business there!  I will never use their services again!!
5	Been coming here for a few times a month since the beginning of the year. I probably had at least dry cleaned at least 15 items. All of them have always been dry cleaned beautifully and the prices are affordable/reasonable for the area. I never experienced buttons missing from blazers, and items are always returned back to me bagged/papered. Items are always ready the next after 5pm though I usually come back in two days to pick up.
1	I feel like we just got punked. My boyfriend came here to have his belt fixed and it was supposed to be done by a particular date (it wasn't). When he went in to pick it up, he was told he would have one free shirt cleaning for the inconvenience. When we went back in to pick the belt up the second time, we clarified that we still had the offer of one free shirt cleaning and the guy working the front refused the offer! Then we pointed out another employee who was there at the time the courtesy cleaning was offered, she verified we did in fact get offered a free cleaning and the guy walked away and wouldn't speak to us. Like a child throwing a temper tantrum. Rock solid customer service. Two thumbs up for you.
