2	The thing I hate about them is that I can never just get stuff done. They always want to talk to me about more services. One time I took them up on it and it turned out to be the biggest mistake ever. All my accounts were mixed up and I started getting all these service charges. It took over an hour or my time and nothing I was told held up to be true.Additionally, during the holidays, there were two fraudulent charges made on my account totalling around $200. I filed a claim, they temporarily credited my account, only to take back their credit without notice, causing my bank account to be overdrawn. They refused to believe me that I did not buy insurance from a company I have no policy with, nor did I purchase prescription drugs from some middle eastern county.On the other hand, they have lots of locations.
1	Let's see - the last and only other review for this branch was a little over two years ago, and was two stars. Which for me, is too many!While at some point, I am sure I will write a story with my experiences in sorting out the financial cluster-fuck my mom created and didn't leave a master map for - it will probably need to be marketed as fiction, but still quite entertaining as long as it didn't happen to your life...today is not that day - so I will skip some of the more sordid details for now.For Yelp review purposes - FIVE visits to the bank, in person, dealing face to face with people, to continually be given partial information, irrelevant information, and negligently incorrect information.All for a halfhearted apology and a bottle of water. Lovely.Here's the thing, Wells - my mother had accounts with you for many years. My stepfather has an account with you. Had I been treated well, had I been treated with any value and respect and even a modicum of interest, I may have started an account with you. I would have been a relatively easy sell. However, not only was I not convinced I'd get stellar service if I were your customer, I was so disgusted by the horrible communication and mediocre at best service that there's no way I'd ever consider an account with you. You effectively drove away my business before you even got it. Granted - I am not the Sultan of Brunei or any relation to Bill Gates - the lack of my business won't effect your bottom line in any notable way. You'll never feel the pinch of having driven a way a potential small time checking and savings account customer. But if you keep it up, there may be enough of us that is DOES make a difference. Try to remember that.
1	Okay bank, just stopped by here to get some cash.
