1	Don't go here. They charge you $$$ for ...what? We went here to get engine check. Whatever they did to fix the engine, it probably shouldn't cost over $500. Then, they change the oil and tire and charge $700. Then end price that we had to pay was $2000. I don't even know what the $800 charge was used for. If you brought some kind of deal that gives you discount with the benz dealership, DON'T TELL them till after they give you the bill or else they will jack up the price for nonsense I don't even know.
3	Meh, I've experienced better.Basically, the service is not good.  Nothing like a Mercedes dealership usually treats their customers when their car needs serviced.  I have been to Fletcher off Sahara, as well as the Mercedes dealer in Carlsbad, CA.  My service experiences at either of these establishments was much better.This is the 2nd time I've gone there since the move from the Sunset service-only location.  I needed an oil change and some minor repairs. Car was there for a week.  They claimed I had an oil leak, I explained it was probably from a previous accident I had been in- the engine had never been cleaned after my oil pan was ripped off the car.  They kept the car to monitor, all in all, I called them 5 days later to get the car back and hear they couldn't find a leak. Also claimed that my oil pan gasket was not a "factory seal." Even though it was replaced in 2006 by Fletcher's Sahara location!  This was more frustrating to hear than anything else. They gave me a brand new C class loaner :), which boosted them to an A-Ok rating here on Yelp.I actually joined Yelp to leave this review.  I have been battling with using this dealer out of convenience, or finding a private mechanic or going back to Fletcher on Sahara.The icing on the cake was my freshly gouged rim, that had apparently been smacked on a curb AFTER the car wash that's included with service.  The rim was clean, and had fresh yellow paint and a chunk missing.My car is 8 years old and has damage to the rims already, but it's still disheartening to get it back only to find someone else has taken a chunk out of one of my wheels :(All in all, not happy with this dealer.  Fool me once, shame on them, twice shame on me...Pros:  loaner for a week, actually took care of some of the repairs for free (sort of).  Experience of dropping off and picking up was convenient and quick.Cons:  took a week to do an oil change, lack of communication, charged me an hour of diagnostic, only to find nothing (hence the "free" repairs I believe- I didn't question anything, I got out of there for $200- that's cheap for any Mercedes dealer having your car for a week.)I'm sure they are more courteous to someone buying a new car- and I shouldn't complain, I had a beautiful loaner...but definitely not a mechanic I'll be taking my car to again...
5	As Misti has already mentioned this place is leaps and bounds ahead of Fletcher Jones Mercedes in every possible way. I had been disrespected and treated like a peon there for almost 3 years and when it came time to buy a new Benz I found one at MB-Henderson and the experience was completely different.I did all of my buying over the phone which was definitely a strange process but I was able to quickly get the price I wanted and was always put straight through to anyone I needed to speak to. From the sales staff to the finance staff I was treated like I was the only customer they were dealing with and they answered even my dumbest questions like it was of extreme importance.When I went to pick up my car I was amazed to find how attentive my salesman was in making sure that the car was exactly how I wanted it before I drove away. He even spent an extra hour just showing me how the new buttons compared to my old car worked and programming my garage and gate codes.The atmosphere at MB-Henderson is definitely laid back while still giving you the kind of respect and service you would expect from a Mercedes-Benz dealer. Thank you for proving to me that good service isn't dead in Las Vegas. Although it's a bit of a trek I will be bringing my new Benz here for EVERY service.
1	no comment!
1	This place dosen't even deserve a 1. Customer service was so horrible, and they didn't't even fix my car. Had they checked it after they supposibly fixed it they would have known. What a shame this place gives Mercedes Benz a bad name. I have been to others and was treated good, this place is really bad for there customer service. They did not want to take the time with me to show me what in my warranty was covered , my a/c smells like nasty mildew and was told there was nothing they could do my 2012 ML came with that flaw and I would have to live with it. Wow. What if it was your car how would you feel. I asked for them to put a deodorizer, but was told no it is a waste of time it wil not do anything. I did not ask for your opinion I asked for it to be done. I paid  a lot for my new car I paid the the customer service I should have received. I received such horrible service and they did not care about anything. This place is the worse do not go here I have filed a formal complaint with Mercedes Benz of USA anyone that has any issues , do the same,. We as the customer have every right to get treated with respect and nicely that is part of the purchase price , I paid over 80,000 for my car I better get some damm good service!,,
1	I got fuel senders "fixed" but they forgot to tell me I needed TWO... So i paid for one they took fuel tank off, put it back on, then said...oh yeah you need 2 for it to work......REALLLLLYYY!!! RRRRRRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!! So 680.00 later, still doesn't tell me if I have gas or not, REALLY!!!
1	Terrible sales staff and will never go back and will probably stick with Audi or Lexus. I normally don't just walk into a dealer and look at cars, but I was let out of work early and decided I wanted to check out the ML and GL since I want to get out of my current car and into an SUV. I pull up and park right in front of two salesman and they just look at me and pretend to look at their phones as I exit my car. Both ended up walking inside the showroom. Another was talking to an older man so I patiently waited thinking he might acknowledge me and just say "will be with in a few minutes", but he does nothing also. I wonder if they judged me because I look young, but I drive an Audi and dress professionally. I'm sure the dealership doesn't need to sale another car with someone willing to spend the money.
1	The WORST experience I've EVER had. I don't even want to get into it, but just know that the employees don't care about their customers... and don't expect any follow up calls. They are so unorganized and careless. The dealerships in Los Angeles are much better but I had no choice but to go to the Henderson location.
1	Very Unhappy With the Service Department.Recently I had some problems with a S550 that would not start.  I had the car towed in to the Henderson location on a Monday and was advised that most likely I had a faulty key but since the keys were so expensive they would attempt to diagnosis the problem.  Never received an update so I followed up with the service advisor and told yes I needed a key.  Each day I had to follow up with my advisor as I never received any updates, yet the advisor was able to tell me a laundry list of things that I should replace that had nothing to do with why the car was in the shop.  On Friday I was told the car was ready for pickup and the new key worked but now the interior lights would not turn off and that I needed to replace the circuit board for $1600.  I was advised it would not be wise to pick up the car unless the circuit board was replaced.   I asked that they just unplug the lights which they did.  I picked up the car and paid the $600 for a new key.  Got home plugged my lights back in and guess what they worked just fine and have not had a problem since.  But here is where the real problem begins, my key that just cost $600 did not work.  Took the car to the Sahara location and they were able to diagnosis the problem it was a faulty EIS which I replaced and have had no problems since.  Went back to Henderson and asked for a refund on the key as clearly the key was not the problem and they did not correctly diagnosis the car, was advised that there was nothing they could do, nor did they apologize for giving me back my car only to have the key not work once the vehicle returned to the house.  Nor were they able to give an explanation on why the Sahara dealership could fix the problem when they could not.  For these reasons I would strongly avoid not taking your car to the Henderson dealership.
5	What a great lease deal. I got a great deal with little down and got the car that was right for me. I must say Mike stuck to his word and delivered everything he told us. I got a cute white Mercedes Benz like i have always wanted. I promised him that I would write a review to let everyone know if your in the market for a new car Henderson Mercedes Benz is the place. Great team of sales people, and might I add beautiful dealership too. Thanks again
5	Just bought a car C250 from Mercedes Benz Of Henderson, the best car buying experience ever! The finance Manager Paul Williams was great to deal with! All around 5 Star experience!! Thank you Mercedes Benz Of Henderson!!!
5	I don't have anything bad to say about my experience with this particular dealership. Stephan Huor the Service Adviser who helped me was wonderful. He addressed all my concerns and made all arrangements for the time my vehicle was in the shop (rental and etc). Everyone is very friendly and accommodating. Beautiful dealership. Highly recommend.
5	Just moved to Las Vegas and discovered my old dealer in Cali is affiliated with the two local dealers. This was a relief. The Fletcher Jones experience was as usual . Amazing!!!!!!!! In .....Out........went above and beyond as usual, why would I ever buy another brand name ? Why would I always go to Fletcher Jones ? Because the cars are refined and the sales and service flawless. Great Job Mr Jones !!!!
5	Car buying for my husband and me has always been stressful. But working with Ray Jimenez, Internet Sales, was a stress-free process. Before the actual negotiations, Ray pointed us to USAA which give incentives for active and retired military and veterans. We felt we got a good deal on our purchase. Overall, though, Ray's low-key approach and his patience in answering our many questions changed our attitude toward purchasing a car. Thanks, Ray!
1	Not usually one to do this but I must say that this place is an embarrassment when it comes to the "professionalism" (or lack of)  of the salesmen. Horrible, would not recommend even if it would be the only dealer in the area.  What a shame.
1	I took my car in a couple of times. First time they did a major repair and told me I needed new brakes. When I told them the brakes were brand new they said the made a mistake. I took my car in for a check engine light and a popping noise by my gas tank. They said I needed a new gas tank. I asked if they were sure that was it and were they sure it would stop the popping noise. They said yes. I had the work done but still popping noise. Got ripped off big time to the tune of over $3000.00. Stay away. Not the first time this dealer has ripped me off but it is the last
1	Appalled is the best word I can describe what happened yesterday.  I was told by the manager to come out and test drive one of their cars two days ago.  I'll leave names out, but I met with a sales guy and test drove a 2011 C300.  First, during our test-drive our sells guys kept saying he hadn't sold a 2011 in a while in a tone that made it sound like we were cheap for buying a 2011 (this is one of many examples).  No, I'm just financially smart.  So, I brushed that off.  I really liked the car, but did not have my BMW with me to trade in.  I told him to hold the car and to let me know if there is any movement and I will leave work to come down and buy the car.  I'm very aware that they do not 'hold cars'.  Yesterday I told the manager I would be back to purchase the car that evening between 7p and 8p.  I arrived at 7:40p and walk in to start paper work (as the cars out front).  The manager and another sales guy who is on duty said that our sales guy had left early and they were processing the paper work on the car... for someone else.  Someone came in at 7:00 and loved the car and decided to buy it... is what I was told.  AKA the sales guy I talked to actually was holding the car for her as she was coming in to buy today.  I thought they don't hold cars?  All I have to say is knowing that I was coming down between 7p-8p they should have gave me a courtesy call to make sure I was coming down to buy the car.  End of story.  Horrible experience by all management and everyone involved.
1	Pretty horrible place. We owned a MB in the past and took our vehicle here for service. On one occasion, my wife drove our almost disabled car in for repairs. The lot attendant then tells her to get in the passenger side of her car and he proceeds to drive her to the rental facility for a loaner. Upon arrival, there are several courtesy vans from other dealers dropping off their customers. So if I buy a Hyundai I get a courtesy van, and if I drive a Benz I get shuttled in my broken car. Today I went into the dealer to look at the new CLA. I parked in front and there was a salesman standing there. No acknowledgement whatsoever from him. I proceeded into the showroom and again, no one approached me. I really would like to buy another MB, but customer service is very important to me and I refused to drive to west Las Vegas for service......so I guess I will not be doing business here.  I've owned several higher end vehicles so I can make a reasonable opinion......Henderson BMW, not too bad at all........Infiniti....best service I've had.....Henderson MB......horrible.
2	I had a horrible experience with this dealership and this car.  I had my car for less than a year and my check engine light went on. It was a brand new Mercedes with less than 10 miles on it. I took the car in a few times an they swore there was nothing wrong with. A few months later I took it back in for the same reason and one of their advice techs asked me to point out the light that was in like I didn't know what a check engine light looks like. I didn't think the fact that I am  a woman allows your sh*t service department to act as if I don't know anything  about the vehicle I drive. Last time I took it in they said my computer system needed I be rebooted. Pretty sad for a 3 year old car. After you get a shitty service they harass you with emails and phone calls to give then a 5 star rating. Lucky my last service was done with Jason and he definitely was a surprise. He is the only reason this place gets two stars. He did take great care of me there but I can't seem to get myself to spend all this money and get another Mercedes. I'm returning my car this week and feel relieved  I don't have to go back there.
1	I bought my car online from this dealer then have it ship to California. The whole experience is a disaster.  The car arrived dirty inside and outside, dupont paint care paid for but did not applied, mileage on car does not match DMV paperwork. Deal closed on June 27 but did not receive car till July 10 night time. Car got trucked from NV to CA on a 10 car transport truck with no protection over the car.  Car has funny sound from bottom ever since delivery then finally Found out in less than 60 days that bottom of car was torn/damaged. Called dealer and sales person to try to resolve but the answer is Sorry, its too long nothing we can do.  So all I can say is, be careful when dealing with this dealer.Accusing me for damaging the car and come back to dealer to seek compensation is not a way to service your customer. In particular the damage mark as shown on the photo clearly showed that it was caused by transporting. All I can say my experience with this dealer is unbelievably BAD. I guess from now on, I will need to crawl under the car to inspect the car before taking delivery.
1	I called to make a service appt for my 2013 Mercedes.  I need the "B" service.  When i asked how much it was they had told me $642 for my car. I had thought that was a bit excessive but made the appt anyway. After thinking about it and questioning that amount to myself i decided to call a dealership in california and i was told the same service was $349. I asked if this was the price for the "B Service" and i was told yes. When i called back Mercedes of Henderson, i told them of the situation and his response "we are in a different market here" Im shocked that they would take advantage of a supply and demand situation with such gal.But by looking at the reviews i am not the only one not happy with this dealership!.I WILL NOT BE BUYING A CAR NOR SERVICING THE ONE I HAVE FROM MERCEDES BENZ OF HENDERSON OR LAS VEGAS. Just an FYI, any dealership will be happ to sell you a car and chage $400 to ship it to you from their location. My guess is that with the 400 shipping it will still be less then what they will sell you the car for in henderson
5	I have to say that every time I take my C230 in for servicing, I get treated very well.  Dustin D. is an awesome service writer that treats you like a friend instead of a customer.  That is what keeps me coming back for the last 9 years. Keep up the excellent work.
5	Very happy with the service and the car I ordered. I was in and out of the dealership in less than 90 minutes which was perfect. It was not the long drawn out process of playing games on price and options. I really enjoyed it overall and look forward to using them again.
5	I'm here all the time, thankfully it's only for the preferred owner perks like complimentary car washes, airport shuttle service plus plus plus.  I bought my car from Mike Krebs and he is the only way to go if thinking about purchasing a Benz!  Best no pressure sales experience ever and I got exactly what I wanted.
1	I took my son's 10 year old C230 to Mercedes of Henderson several months ago to have the turn indicator switch replaced. The switch was obviously physically worn from many years of use and it simply wouldn't stay in place until a turn was completed. I had purchased a new switch online from a Mercedes Dealer in Atlanta for $125 and I had intended to replace the switch myself. However, after researching what all was involved in the switch replacement procedure, I decided to have the dealer install it instead (big mistake!). When I called for an estimate, I was told the job would cost "around $300" (which actually turned out to be closer to $400). This seemed reasonable, so I brought the car in. While I was waiting, the mechanic that was working on my car came to the waiting area twice to speak with me. The first time he wanted to know why I thought the switch was bad. I told him it was beacause the switch wouldn't stay in position during a turn ( I would I have thought this would be obvious to a professional mechanic). Then the next time the mechanic came, he asked me to go back to the garage with him. He showed me the steering column and said that there was an attached metal plate (located at the end of the column) that was loose and that is why the turn indicator wouldn't stay in place. He said that the entire sterring column needed needed to be replaced (seriously? That's got to cost thousands $$$ right?)). At that point, I picked up the new switch and showed him how it cleanly "clicked" into place when I moved the lever up and down. Then I picked up the old switch and showed him that the old switch action was extremely soft and did not click into place. I then said, "and...this is why I know for a fact that the switch is indeed bad". The mechanic responded by saying "But its the steering column that made the switch fail and if you just replace the switch and not the steering column, the switch will fail again" ( I remember wondering to myself if he was incompetent or if he was trying to rip me off, but I guess it didn't matter since the result was the same). I asked him to just just replace the switch and to please put the car back together. For the next 6 weeks the switch worked perfectly (and as always, the steering column was nice and tight and had no play in it). Then after 6 weeks the windshield wipers and washer quit working. I quickly troubleshot the problem down to the same multifunction turn indicator switch. Had the mechanic been right all along??? I then pulled the steering wheel off and and removed the turn indicator switch. Upon examination of the switch I discovered that one of the wires (the black one) on the new switch had been worned clean through. I then dug out the old switch that had been returned to me in the new box by the Mercedes mechanic 6 weeks earlier.  I then discovered that within the box there was a note labeled "WARNING" in large bold font. The note clearly instructed the installer to trim the plastic lip off the steering column housing that surrounded the outside of the switch. This plastic lip that the mechanic had failed to remove, is the exact location of where the wire wore through (which is obviously why it needed to be trimmed down). Upon examination of the housing,it was quite evident that the mechanic had failed altogther to follow this procedure. At this point, I now have the car all apart in the garage and I really don't have time to wait for another mail order switch. So I went back to Henderson Mercedes and wound up paying their parts dept. approx. $200 for another new switch. Unlike the trained Mercedes Mechanic, I was able to follow the basic instructions and trim the plastic off the steering column housing. I then installed the switch and recalibrated the power steering assist unit and the car has worked perfectly (and the steering column is perfectly tight) for the past 10 months. I am done with these guys, enough is enough! From now on I'll either do it myself or take the car to EMC or my Lexus Service Center.
2	Hello Mikayala,First off I truly appreciate your response to my review. I am also very grateful that you would like to make things right. A refund for the switch would be great! Would you like me to mail the old switch to you? If so, simply provide me with the address and the attention to: information and I'll send it today. While on the subject, this was quite an ordeal for me. I'm fairly good with mechanical things, but in this instance I quickly learned that I didn't possess the institutional training and knowledge required to complete this job on my own. So when I ran into roadblocks during the course of this repair action I contacted "Just-Answer" and "Marty" (a highly skilled Master Mercedes Technician) expertly walked me through the tough parts for a fee of $48. Here's a link documenting the expert advice that I had to paid for:  http://www.justanswer.com/mercedes/8g39a-c230-hey-marty-need-help-esp-s4-combinaton-switch.html (worth every penny!)So it comes down to the $350 I paid you folks to incorrectly replace the switch + the $200 that I had to pay Mercedes of Henderson to purchase a replacement switch (that your mechanic damaged by not following the instructions). Thus, your mechanic's mistake cost me $550. In all fairness, the $125 that I paid online for the original switch and the $48 which I paid for the expert advice is on me.Again, a refund of the switch cost would be great, but to truly make things right would cost $550. Thank you,John
5	Great experience with Ray Jimenez! We are loving our customized 2015 GLK thanks to Ray! He was patient and understanding. He made sure that we are satisfied with our purchase! Highly recommended! Thank you Ray!
3	In all fairness, I must admit that I didn't expect Mikayala and Pablo R. from Mercedes of Henderson to reach out to me regarding this review. Upon their inspection of the turn indicator switch (that had been improperly installed), I received a full refund for both parts and labor. Pablo was very courteous and professional and thanked me for the feedback that I provided. He went on to say that they strongly believe that identifying potential issues is the essential first step in resolving them. I truly appreciate the high degree of integrity that has clearly been demonstrated by these recent actions (that were initiated by Mercedes of Henderson to make this right). However, based on my personal experience I can't in good conscience rate their service department above 3 stars. Again, thank you Mikayla and Pablo!
5	Stefan, the service advisor has been outstanding. He has patience, constructive advice and places customer service and customer satisfaction as the highest priority.My experience at Mercedes Benz of Henderson has always been a positive one.I am taking my vehicle for an oil change service later this week with Stefan and I will be glad to provide a follow up on my experience. PS : I have re-posted the review with my location being corrected for Las Vegas.
1	Whatever you do - no matter how hard they ask - do NOT give these people your phone number and ESPECIALLY don't give them your email address. They are spam kings. They have been spamming me for YEARS - no matter how hard I try they never give up. They have no customer service. They are the typical sleazy used car types. The spam is unrelenting. You have been forewarned. If you feel the need to give them an email address, use a fake address or one that you don't care about monitoring because they WILL absolutely, relentlessly, for YEARS email you. No matter what.
