1	Total rip off!! 220 bucks for them to come vacuum, mop, and wipe the counter tops! I could have done that myself. I spoke to the manager, Dana, who is not reliable and does not stick to his word. Said he was going to send someone back to dust and still hasn't called or set it up. Every time I call To speak to him he is conveniently "out of the office". It cost 220 for two (actually a little less than 2) hours for minimal cleaning. Very disappointed and still waiting for my phone call back after a week and a half and several messages.  My advice: find a different cleaning company for your home or business.
1	Merry Maids are the worse! Incompetent & probable thieves.  I was promised a "deep cleaning" not only did it take them two tries to even get to my house, they did nothing more than clean the counters. When I complained, they inconvenienced me further by having a team come out. It took them 4 tries total & the whole day to do what should have been done the 1st time. Their 2 subsequent cleanings were so poor, I fired them. About this time I noticed my pain meds were missing. I have no proof it was them but no other strangers were in my home & I've never had a problem before. I was a victim of fraud 2 days after giving them my credit card info, again no proof it was them, but they are the only ones I gave my info to in months. All I've received from Merry Maids is inconvenience, hassle, grief, possible theft & fraud. Their employees don't speak English so communication is impossible. I've been robbed of my money, pain meds & most importantly my time. Do NOT use this company!
5	My maid's name was Yesenia - she was the most enjoyable person I could have asked for them to have sent to my home to clean it. I paid $230 for a 1 time deep clean, and she did everything I had asked for when I called yesterday.Yesenia spent about 50 minutes on my kitchen, then about 30 minutes on my bathroom. Vacuumed my entire apartment, picked up stuff that was on the floor, made my bed, and dusted everything.I would definitely use their services again in a heartbeat.
2	Hired Merry Maids Madison to do a total move-in/move-out cleaning of our one bedroom, 800sq. ft. apartment after we had moved out. Also had them clean one room of carpet (master bedroom, rest of the apartment was hardwood). Charged almost $400. When quoted, my attitude was "You get what you pay for."  Returned after cleaning to do walk-though with management. Place was not clean. They hadn't even opened the door of the coat closet next to the front door to clean the floor inside of it! Walls were not cleaned at all, floors were not very well cleaned. On the plus side  carpet was fairly clean as were the appliances.Definitely would not recommend. I'd have to say total rip-off at the prices they charge. Probably would have been better to hire the person from Criagslist who would have done it all for $150.00
