5	This is a truly allstar team that will take care of any and all software needs. They are also highly involved in the downtown community efforts and the team to work with in Vegas.
5	Raster Media did a fabulous job with my Dice Wisdom app. Not only were they able to create exactly the product that I expected, they walked me through the process of my app being approved to be sold at the iTunes store! Did you know that you need a D&B number to even submit an app to iTunes? I didn't. It was SO cool to actually see the app on my iPhone.After they did such a great job with the iPhone version, I had them also create an Android version. These people know what they're doing...and are especially adept at guiding someone who's not that tech savvy through the entire process. Unlike other businesses that SAY they can create an app, it's mostly a cookie-cutter mobile landing site for your business address; they don't really know how to CREATE one..Raster Media did an incredibly wonderful job with mine!
5	Love them!!! They help in every thing in need! They have done a wonderful job teaching and explaining. Everyone at Raster Mediais so nice and helpful!! Total 5 stars!!
5	I've used Raster Media on 4 different projects now. I tend to invest in small startups and I've had 4 products built to date. One was a social media interaction app for iPhone, Android & Blackberry - the project went extremely well. Then I used them for a massive government project called the Spirit Project. For a third project they built a mobile app agian for me called Family Finder For Disneyland and Disneyworld - both still available. Finally I used them to build a responsive web site for my latest company Post Launch. www.postlaunch.coI'd hands down recommend Raster Media to anyone looking for the best quality software anywhere!
1	Raster designed my clinic site. I really wish I could give a good score. But after they setup my site they did the bare minimum and left customer service out the door. Pros: good design team, good initial team work. Good at timeliness of project.Cons: once done they won't do anything more unless for a beefed up fee. They'll kindly and subtly ask you to go elsewhere. I  had to hire separate company to finish Rasters work in which I discovered they use Wordpress. You can do yourself but they make it seem it's some extraordinary package you're getting. Advice: know what you're getting into and get lawyer before signing to review the very skewed contract based on their favor. Raster may tout the big clients but when I asked the extent of their involvement, i didn't get a straight answer. Overall: mediocre site just skeleton wise. $4k price was excessive.
