3	Three words: Bacon. Cheeseburger. Omelette.  From the outside Dari-Villa seems to fit right in on Lincoln Avenue in Bellevue.  And when you go inside it's a cozy little place that's very welcoming.  I was a little disappointed at first because I took a look at their menu online and saw "fresh donuts" and was very excited to try what I assumed were their homemade donuts.  But alas, they were no longer on the menu when I got there.  I then attempted to order a grilled pecan roll only to be told they did not have any.  Sigh.  What are right are the prices.  Everything is cheap and for a good hearty breakfast and coffee you can get away spending under $10.  I decided on the aforementioned bacon cheeseburger omelette and was not disappointed.  The ratio of bacon to meat to cheese inside the eggs was just right.  I would suggest ordering toast dry with butter on the side, though, because my toast was drenched in butter.  I also ordered the biscuits and gravy, just to give it a try and share with friends.  I ate it after my omelette and by the time I did the gravy was cold.  It was still okay.There were some pros and cons, as reflected in my 3-star rating.  But overall I feel there are more pros than cons.  The bottom line is I think it's a great value and I'll probably go back.  They are also featured on www.restaurant.com.  I had one of the gift certificates that was good for $10 when you spent $20 - a total I never would have been able to reach had I been by myself or just with one other person.
1	See my review under "dairy villa". I will never go to this place again.
4	I enjoyed a wonderful lunch with my family. I had a Ruben with onion rings and they had burgers and fries. Every thing was pretty darn good, just the siltiest bit greasy but sometimes that is the best way to eat. Service was friendly and prompt.   The atmosphere was charming. The open kitchen was clean and organized. The photos on the wall and engaging and beautiful.  The price was just right.
5	Their burger and chicken sandwich are the BEST around.
1	Just garbage. Service sucked. Coffee sucked. Took over 45 mins just to get food and they were not busy. Simply a waste of time.
