4	Good greasy spoon.  Quick and Cheap breakfast even on the weekends.  Don't expect anything fancy, but for the price and the fact that it's walking distance, it's hard to beat.
3	Sammy's Deli looks like a simple, unassuming burger joint more than a deli. It's the kind of place that you drive by a few times, look at the quaint exterior and sign and pass because you already know of a great burger place that you can count on. One rainy day while I got my oil changed at nearby Meineke, I decided to give Sammy's a try.The menu is reasonably priced, ranging from your typical burgers, sandwiches and salads from basic to the ones with lots of fixin's. The interior isn't very notable. Order up at the register, walk by their open kitchen, and take a seat at one of the vinyl booths with a formica table.   Los Angeles would snap up this authentic old cafe style restaurant and throw in some new modern light fixtures, fill in a cool color scheme to make it less sterile, and hire lots of hot waiters and waitresses. But, Sammy's keeps it real. What you see is what you get, no pretension. It was busy, but no long lines, just a few tables of fireman and local folks. My cheeseburger was surprisingly pretty good. Well-cooked, well-seasoned, a soft bun and pretty satisfying. Fries were also good. One of the cook's (possibly an owner) came out and asked how we liked things. He was very friendly and not overbearing. We traded tips on nixing computer viruses and spyware.  Sammy's food is solid and is a good alternative to the beaten path joints.
3	What you see is what you get. Looks kind of like a dirty little place to grab a bite to eat and that's what it is. We were drawn in by the $3.45 +tax for eggs, bacon, hash brown, and a biscuit. eggs - made like an omelet without any other ingredients, not bad thoughbacon - cooked nicely, tasted good, generous portion for the pricehash brown - tops were cooked nice and crisp, but underneath was a bit of a greasy mess,biscuit - pretty good, large biscuit.i doubt you will find more for your money than we got here. However, if you or someone in your party is a sanitation freak, wear a blindfold or avoid this place. (90% score) The seats were a little torn, stains on the ceiling, someone was smoking. Otherwise, tabletops and floor seemed clean, just an older establishment i guess. We both just drank water, but two big, filling breakfast meals for under 9 bucks works for me. Overall, a greasy little meal  served on paper plates. Well worth the cost.
3	I'm thinking that I need to write "what you see is what you get", so I guess I will.  Er... I guess I just did.  As with many other places in Charlotte with the word "deli" in their name, Sammy's has the prerequisite bunch 'o grapes in their logo, but I couldn't tell you if that's an indicator of a secret society, or if it means that they like to hit the bottle after work.  It just is it what it is, and it doesn't really affect much.For one reason or another, we were in the area around breakfast, and we decided to stop in.  Sammy's may not be in the cleanest area of town, but don't let that scare you - it's really not that bad.  The staff is friendly, the food comes out quickly, and you get a fair-sized portion for your hard-earned cash.It's not anything special, but did you really expect it to be?  This is just some simple good eats.  There are a number of places that aren't too far away where you can drop plenty more and not get anything better, so don't go expecting much and you shouldn't be disappointed.Got it?  Good.
4	I have been a patron here since day one in the late 1990's when Sam Balatsias snared this location and put his vision to work. With help from his mother & Father, (Maria & Dionysius) & his sisters, Sammy implemented business savvy and proper pricing along w/ his winning personality to put Sammy's Deli on the map of any Plaza/Midwood resident. To update other posts, all the booth seats and chairs are new and the guys work hard to ensure consistancy. All the other reviews declared surprising satisfaction w/ quality and portion for the speed and low price one seeks on a working weekday. Open Monday through Saturday 6 a.m. - 3 p.m.
3	Where can you get breakfast for 4 bucks, shredded 'tater hash browns, biscuits the size of your head, and fried pickles at half the price of the Penguin? Sammy's, of course!You order coffee here and it comes in a pint sized styro-cup. None of this "what size do you want" crap.Waitstaff is predictably bored but able.  This is not quality food - I'd put it a step up from Waffle House, if I had to pin it down. But it's filling, super cheap, and tasty. Portions are HUGE. And most of their veggies are meat-free, so you can grab a veg plate if they're through serving brekkie.
4	Good breakfast selection at a great price. The staff is very friendly and makes it worth eating in
4	I'm all about an economical, hearty breakfast and man, was I satisfied.  After waiting unsuccessfully at John's around the corner, I decided to try Sammy's Deli with a friend.  We walked in, the cashier, took our order immediately, and were brought heaping portions of breakfast in 5 minutes or so.  Fair enough.For $3.50, I got 2 eggs, sausage, a biscuit, and hashbrowns! The eggs were fluffy, the sausage not too greasy, and the hashbrowns cooked Waffle House style, mmm hmm.The coffee was served in 20 ounce styrofoam cup and surprisingly did not taste like the sludge served at gas stations.  The menu seemed to be pretty non-descript and most folks gravitated towards the breakfast special.  Granted, the place is a bit dingy.  Or "dive-ey" as they say in Plaza-Midwood, But the friendly, "What can I get you, hon?" cashier and the tasty food makes up for it.  If you like greasy, unpretentious breakfast fare and don't mind being served on Styrofoam plates, you're in for a treat!
5	Nothing fancy, just great food and a great deal. This place is what Plaza Midwood is all about, right down to the friendly conversation from the staff. I've been here like 5 times over the past few months and have always had a great meal - from the lunch menu to the breakfast.
3	Sammy's is one of those Plaza Midwood spots that I've always driven by but just never stopped for. And I'm not quite sure why...? Maybe it's the old school-bare bones-flat-top grill wasteland I thought it would be. But really, Sammy's is a pretty solid stop. For an array of sandwiches, super affordable breakfast platters and a damn tasty gyro, Sammy's is sweet. I strolled in on a pleasant Friday afternoon and took in the fairly diverse menu. The counter lady/order taker was quite pleasant and even offered some suggestions for me as I was a first timer. I took a seat and took a gander at the basic setup - a smattering of tables and booths, a few friendly faces and that's about it. While you will not go here for the ambiance, the man behind the grill (Sammy or a relative of his, perhaps?) commented on the gorgeous day and my pretty smile. Yes, positivity and flattery works. I liked Sammy's already. I imagine many of the patrons I saw at Sammy's have been coming here for years. YEARS. And I fully appreciate that...have to trust a place where loyalty is important. My gyro was pretty tasty - the meat was super tender, the pita soft and lightly toasted but the tzatziki could have used a bit more of a punch. I was not a fan, however, of the side I chose, potato salad. Sammy's make theirs with a heavy hand of yellow mustard. This would be really helpful info for those of us who don't particularly love yellow mustard laden tater salad. Nonetheless, the portions were generous - especially for the $6.50 price tag. I'll be back Sammy's and I'll tell ya - that BLT looked purty good...
4	hung over?  Best greasy breakfast in town!  In the mood for a cheap bbq plate with the biggest helping of potato salad and hush puppies?  DONE!  I have literally gone to this place in my pajamas.  If you are on a diet, I wouldn't bother coming here, but if your belly is in the mood for some good cheap eats, sammy's is the place to be.  My favorite so far is the Philly cheese steak sandwich mmmm.  I don't like reubins in general but my boyfriend always orders it.
4	Great place for Breakfast!  Really like the fact that they have Livermush on the menu..  Not very many places that have it around here.The place has that "dive" atmosphere which I really like.  It brings back memories of the dives in the small town where I grew up.Super Friendly service, great food, good prices.....what more can I say!?!
4	Nothing fancy, just some solid diner food. My corned beef hash breakfast vanquished my hangover pretty decisively.
4	Welp,I finally tried this place,and I loved it....friendly people and great prices.I got the spicy chicken pita which was really good.The chicken was cooked right and was chopped to where you could eat bite by bite.I will def. be going here on a new regular basis
4	I say 3.5 for good measure. It's definitely the best bang for your buck in the neighborhood. Simple place, simple interior, simple service, simple deli/diner type menu. The $3.99 breakfast cannot be beat. Have had lunch a couple times, tried the chicken pita on the first go round; which was great, and the corned beef Reuben with potato salad on the second. I enjoy a Reuben with soft thick rye like the kind they use here, but I wouldn't say it tasted like an authentic "NY deli reuben".  Potato salad was quite tastey, you can tell its made in house and not from a tub. Yellow based, and tangy as expected. The best part- one of the cooks is a Deadhead, so if youre a fan too, the conversation can be quite entertaining :)
5	My go to spot in plaza midwood.  EXTREMELY cheap breakfast specials and reasonable lunch deals mixed with a clean place and quick service.  I'm not saying the food is 5 stars by any means, but the price makes the place worth it.If I want food for around $5 in plaza midwood its here or HoHo cherry house(my cheap Chinese place).The $2.99 breakfast special is a great deal, but for a only a dollar or 2 more you can add some extras.  At $3.99 you get 2 eggs, toast or biscuit, hash browns or grits, and your choice of meat.  They bring it out to you, but there isn't waiter service, so no tip is necessary.  FOR REALS $4 out the door with a stuffed belly.  Way better than Waffle house.  I found myself taking advantage of this special quite a bit lately.The lunch menu is diverse.  Plenty of affordable options.  The gyro has become one of my favorites.  The fried fish ain't bad either.  I'm new to the area and will be in dukedom over there soon enough.  I'll be sure to keep all updated once I delve into the menu more thoroughly.FYI:  They close at 3pm and you are sure to find FOX news on pretty much any time you go in there.
2	What did the mop say to the floor?  Nothin'...  They've never met.  I dont think I have ever eaten in a dirtier establishment.  I'm not talking about a day old mess more like months of dirt on the dining area floor...  Balled up napkins and old french fries.But I did stay and ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with fries.  $7.10 with water...  The sandwich was good but nothing spectactular.  The fries were fresh and hot.  If I go back it will be for breakfast most likely.
5	5 star cheap breakfast!! I give it 5 stars because going in I know what I am getting.   This a 2 egg, meat, grits/hashbrowns, toast/biscuit type of place.  Yes sure they have pancakes and french toast but most of the people are eating the $3.99 special.  I eat here quite frequently because it is cheap, convenient, and it taste good!  Oh and when you come, if you are getting a tea or coke then you can bring your own cup because they give you a small styro cup that just gets your mouth wet... not quench your thirst.
4	Environmentalist be warned; you'll hate this place on principle. They use styrofoam plates & cups & disposable cutlery. Luckily for me, I don't give a shit. The place is what to be expected when you enter, very umm homey. Its clear there are a good deal of regulars here, as the staff seem to know them quite well. We went around lunchtime so I opted for a sandwich, instead of breakfast. I ordered the tuna melt w/ green beans (I love green beans). The green beans clearly came from a can, & were incredibly salt..which was actually fine by me, but some people may not care for that. The tuna melt itself was very flavorful. My only complaint with it would be that it could've been a bit hotter. I would really like to try their breakfast, as that seems to be what they're known for.
1	This is the nearest bfast spot to my home but I've never been back because of the fact that they only use styrofoam plates and plastic cutlery. I believe in supporting local businesses, but not socially irresponsible businesses that cut costs by short changing future generations. Charlotte generates more waste per person than almost any city in the nation and businesses like this, and those who support them, are part of the problem. Please start being responsible and offering reusable plates and cutlery, and I'll be there every week. With my friends and family.
3	I think many of the other reviews about this place are spot on. Go in knowing what to expect and you won't be disappointed. We were looking for a quick breakfast spot this morning after trying to go to a popular place up the street only to find that it would be a 45 min wait. Today was the kind of day where I just wanted to say, "ain't nobody got time for that" and be on my way. So back to the car we went when it hit me. What about that Sammy's place we always drive by. So we found ourselves at Sammy's. I was happy to see the reasonable prices and we placed our order and headed to one of the booths. -1 star right now for having a high chair with broken straps.    All of the workers we came in contact with were super friendly and the good was exactly what you would expect from a place like this. Nothing bad- but also nothing spectacular I'm going to be raving about it to my out of town friends. This seemed like a real locals type of spot and even though we enjoyed food well enough (especially the price tag!) I'm not sure it would be enough to make it into our regular rotation.
1	The food was tasty and the people were nice but they serve everything on styrofoam and use all plastic utensils. It's not that hard for a diner to buy a damn dishwasher.I'm not the biggest tree hugger out there but eating here made me feel ick. I'd gladly pay an extra dollar to get a glass (reusable) plate.
3	Not the most beautiful, but it is a great place for a quick yummy and affordable breakfast.
1	My fellow employees and I usually eat here on Saturdays because its good food. Ate here today and got the same thing I always get: A double cheeseburger plate. Got the food back to the workplace and discovered I didn't have any fries. Called them and was told that a double cheeseburger didn't come with fries and that they never served it. I proceeded to tell them that I ALWAYS ordered a PLATE and ALWAYS have come with fries. More or less they told me that I needed to order somewhere else from now on. These guys just lost our business every Saturday.
