3	Even if one is not a Beaujolais-drinking, Gauloise-smoking butter butt, one must go French in Montreal, non?I could have eaten those beets-and-apple salads with hazelnut dressing all night: heavenly times three.  The salmon, however, could have been taken out 2-3 minutes earlier, and the asparagus would have been fine without the lemon butter.  The combination of citrus and dairy generally displeases me.  As soon as the lobster arrives, I remembered that I don't care for laborious food and forced my husband to trade with me.  The chocolate fondant and creme brulee are pleasant but not extraordinary, although that didn't keep me from finishing both mine and my parents'.
5	It goes without saying that if you go to Montreal you must have a truly french meal. The question is which of the hundreds will be a memorable experience. For a great nouvelle cuisine (no heavy cream sauces), you can't do better than Restaurant Julien. The restaurant has a nice patio and the front windows open completely, so a nice evening like tonight is spectacular. The menu is traditional, but well done. The escargot was great. So was the French onion soup. We didn't have any of the salads. My wife had the veal rib steak with red wine sauce and Tomato bocconcini which she loved. I had the duck confit with Israeli couscous. I have never had better.  Enough said. Staff was prompt and friendly. Wine list well represented.
3	Keeping wine cool in a see-through clear reusable plastic gift bag? I thought at first when they brought it over that we had won a prize or that one of us was getting a gift and I got all excited!!! Then I realized that it was a bag with ice in it to keep our wine cold ha. Kind of disappointing and it seemed to modern and a bit tacky in such a nice restaurant. We also had some of the slowest service ever. Granted they were busy and we were lucky to get a table, but we had to fight for attention a little bit here. Good thing I eventually got my french onion soup!!! It was pretty much exactly what I wanted in every way. So props to them on that. I also split their warm goat cheese salad and that goat cheese melted on top of that piece of toasted bread laid nicely on those greens was so so so good. But how can you go wrong with melted cheese??? You can't really. The rest of the salad was just so so though. And all in all, for the price, I wish I had gotten a little more food, or at least a free refill of the free plantain chips they started us out with!!
4	A friend of mine had a coupon for this place, so last night him, myself, and his two other friends went here for dinner. I don't have French food very often, so this was a nice opportunity to for me to try it again and eat at a nice fancy restaurant for a decent price. Dinner was wonderful and full of charm. The wine was rich and full of flavor, the escargots and mushrooms were wonderful, and my duck confit was spot on. Sadly, my friends were in a rush to get to the opera, so we had to make some haste, but it was still a great experience nonetheless. Professional and good service from the waitstaff; one waiter was a funny guy. I would definitely come back with family and friends! This is definitely a place you have to check out in Montreal. The only issue I could see with it is its location. It's not located in the most open or populated area, but then again it's the restaurants that are tucked away that tend to be the best!
5	I have to preface this by saying I went here years and years ago, and want to go back to see if the quality has held.  A colleague and I were in Montreal for a conference, and I heard the concierge tell a hotel guest about it.  The lobster, mango and avocado salad was excellent, and we chose to go back for three consecutive nights until we had to leave town, and, sadly, Restaurant Julien.
