1	I had MOHS surgery at this place and although the Dr. was very easy to get along with and did a good job, they charge 3 co-pays. You are charged the surgeons co-pay, the surgery center fee and the Dr.'s co-pay for the plastic surgeon that closes the wound. All of these are owned by Dr. Griego and housed under the same roof but are billed as separate businesses. I feel that this isn't a fair way to conduct business and just a way to bring in excessive amounts of money from insurances and co-pays. I have excellent insurance and have always payed just one co-pay at any other office.My wife worked for a MOHS surgeon in the past and they never did any of this. If I need more surgery I definitely will not go back.
5	I had a very good experience with Dr. Griego and his staff and am pleased with the results of my Mohs Surgery.  I would recommend him to my family and friends
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Griego for 7 years.  I am 32 and have had several cases of basal cell carcinoma.  Dr. Griego is simply the best at what he does.
5	Seriously the best experience with a doctor I have ever had.  His staff was accommodating, professional, and caring.  Dr. Griego was efficient and professional.  He as excellent bedside manner and the most amazing thing to me was that he personally called me to ensure that I was alright and to go over the post care.  Not a nurse or office staff but the DOCTOR!!!  Truly amazing!!!  I highly recommend Dr. Griego to anyone who must have skin cancer surgery.  I have seen others but will only go back to him.
5	Finding out you have skin cancer is not very pleasant news but The staff was very courteous and accommodating. The doctor was informative and the waiting room is nicely done.
5	Awesome Doctor and staff! They take good care of my husband and seem to really care about the patients!  Best skin care specialist on Az!
5	I saw Dr. Skinner at this office several times in September for MOHS Surgery and the removal of several skin cancers.   Based on my experience I found Dr. Skinner and his staff to be totally professional and caring.   His nurse assistant, Kathi Bacon, was also very caring and professional.   They were all very patient with all of my questions.   And, much to my surprise, I received a call from Dr. Skinner on each afternoon after each surgery.   This call was not from a member of his staff either.   It was actually a call from Dr. Skinner himself.   Overall I am very happy with the whole experience, and the results too.   I would very highly recommend Dr. Skinner and his staff.
5	My family and I have been under the care of Dr. Griego for years. His work ethic and expertise are unmatched. I've had over a dozen MOHS surgeries performed by Dr. Griego these past 20 years or so with a varying degree of severity, many on my face. You couldn't tell by looking at me though. Dr. Griego is proficient in the skill of plastic surgery. But he also partners with plastic surgeons who work with him in the surgery center adjacent to his office. You'll want a MOHS doc with lots of experience, a strong work ethic and an empathetic manner. You'll get this and more while under the care of Dr. Griego.
