4	Now this is a place that does pizza properly!  A little greasy yes, but that's to be expected.  It is the New York Style pizza and, sorry to my Chicago friends (and yes I do like Chicago Style Pizza), it is the kind where you can fold each slice.It is close to the shops and bus line and its a great deal. The special can't be beat-- two New York slices and a drink for under 4 dollars!  I come here with the hubby or some of my friends and we sometimes split the special.
4	I've recently moved to Pittsburgh and have eaten A LOT of delivery lately.  This is the first good pizza delivery I've had in 2 weeks.  The pizza was thin, but not too crispy.  The topping choices are basic, but pretty tasty.  For example, the bacon topping was actually strips of bacon and not weird bacon-like crumbles.  The garden salad had plenty of toppings, which was appreciated since they use plain-jane iceberg lettuce.  I think this place will stay in my food rotation!
4	This is the only acceptable pizza I've eaten in Pittsburgh. Having tried 11 other pizza places in delivery range of Oakland, there is no contest. When I feel nostalgic for a NY slice IVP is the only viable solution.
3	I agree with Michael F. Perhaps one of the few acceptable slices in SQ. Hill.For Pittsburgh Pizza it is very good! Real size slices are always nice!
3	Ok, this is one of the only two acceptable pizzas I've eaten in Pittsburgh now. Pizza Sola in Oakland makes a slice of comparable, if slightly lower, quality. IVP has much more NY hole in the wall (smaller, grungier) charm. Easily beats out Mineo's.One issue, when I've ordered delivery, especially in large batches, quality has sunk a ton. (Soggier crust, no burnt cheese on top.)I think it gains something from sitting out a while before being reheated.
4	Ok, tasted better than vocelli and cost less.  Plus, how can you NOT love a place that has a "ranch lover's" special.  It came with two cups of ranch!  i do love ranch!  The delivery did take a while, but it was friday night and I can wait for my ranchstravaganza, that just gives me more appetite to down more ranch-dunked slices!
4	i've never ordered pizza from them before, but based off of my CMU friend's recommendation, I came with him one night to try their 2 huge slices+drink for $3.75 deal (toppings cost 20 cents extra per slice). the slices are indeed huge, and in agreement with other reviews, these slices supposedly taste better when left out, like they do with their slices.  by reheating, their pizza comes out less soggy than the initial fresh bake.  i added on bacon to one of my slices, and they use legit bacon slices to top the slices! i was pleasantly surprised, as i inhaled the aroma from cheap but wonderful bacon.  if i wanted pizza, and was not too lazy to visit squirrel hill every once in a while, i'd definitely come here for a meal.  the portions are just right for me, and the staff is very friendly.
4	"Now Allison, is that anyway to eat a slice of pizza?"  I asked my niece.  Imagine, she was about to use a knife and fork on a piece of thin crust!  What ARE parents teaching these young'uns nowadays?  "Don't you know that's not the right way to do it?"  I asked.  "It's not?"  My niece asked in reply.  "No.  You have to take your slice, fold it over, and eat it with your hands thusly".    "Ohhh!"  Allison said as she understood.  "Now isn't it more fun to eat your pizza this way?"  I asked.Ah yes, so goes another aunt-niece bonding moment!  She asked me to take her over to the Carnegie Library and we thought we'd have a little lunch first.  Italian Village still has awesome pizza and the great thing is you can order by the slice.  They've also got a great deal--two slices of pizza and a 16oz pop for only $3.75.  So not only did we not have to schlep around half an eaten pizza, but Allison could order what she wanted.  She simply went for cheese and sausage. Me, I went for the spinach and ham.  Mmmm good pizza and good times!
5	best pittsburgh pizza, hands down. the special (2 slices & a soda for $4) is an unbeatable deal, and i like the pies we get for take-out, too. and the staff always make us laugh!don't get me wrong - i love brick oven flatbread, topping-covered, yuppie pizza, too, but this is the real deal. NY-style, cheesy goodness.
1	You know it's a bad sign when just the smell of the cheese makes you feel sick. Unfortunately, I had already entered in my order via campusfood.com... Boy, do I regret it. Not that I got the pizza (I ordered a chicken parm sandwich), but as expected, I could only swallow 2 bites before I threw the whole foot-long sandwich away. It was soggy and tasted like rubber... and it's not just the sour milk smell of their cheese, but the fact that the pizzeria just seems dirty. I don't even want to know whether the guys behind the counter wash their hands after coming out of the bathroom (which I feel is unlikely)...The guys who worked there were nice, but it just doesn't make up for the disgusting food that I had to throw out. What a waste of $...
4	God help me, I really like this pizza. They don't have any of the fancy toppings I love, and they're a chain. I mean, this place is a favorite for children, children! But I cannot help myself. I love this pizza. The wings, on the other hand, are abysmal. There is possibly nothing grosser than wings with gelatinous skin. Fry them! No person, ever, wants to eat chicken with slimy, pale chicken skin.
3	Nothing special.   My teenagers thought it was good, but I guess I had high hopes.  I did really like the crust, it was thin and crispy!  Didn't really have a lot of cheese or toppings, disappointed.
5	This place deserves 5 stars for their delicious pizza. I haven't tried any of the other items on the menu and probably never will because I found what I was looking for, a nice big slice of NY pizza. My only complaint is that the tables and floor are always dirty. I don't usually eat there but it would be nice if the place looked cleaner.
1	I asked for toppings on their 'cheese only' special (2 slices + 16oz drink) and they literally just threw fresh green peppers on a pre-baked cheese slice and put it in an oven for awhile. I won't go there again.
3	Sometimes you're just in the mood for eating something greasy, preferably with cheese.  Maybe you also feel like finishing it off with some liquid sugar, that is carbonated?  If so, look no further than Italian Village Pizza's amazing $5 and change deal which consists of two NY style cheese pizza (can add toppings for marginal fee) and a fountain drink.  The pizza is well cooked, is tasty and hot, with decent crust.  Add some banana peppers to that thing and you're rollin'.  Like I said, good but not special.  Great value.  I'll be back when I'm in the mood.
5	This place has some of the best pizza in the Pittsburgh area. I love the lunch specials.
1	Worst pizza I have ever had.  I could have done better with something from a gas station .  They do not get orders right.  The chocolate cake is gross!Go get a food from 7-11. You will do better.Rip off pricing for what you get.
5	I love that they finally got a fryer. Great deal on chicken tenders.
5	Stopped in for a slice and a pepperoni roll. Both were delicious and service was great. The chubby kid behind the counter was very friendly. Definitely recommend this for anyone who wants some great pizza.
1	I got a pizza from here and it was downright awful. It was very dry and there was little to no sauce. The cheese almost tasted old as well. It might have been because it was on Saint Patty's Day, however the store did not look busy and I came to pick it up. I certainly would not consider this pizza place as there are many, many better options.
4	So good! Simple, fast, good food! They have a huge variety of items in addition to pizza. Salads, chicken fingers, fries, hoagies, stromboli, etc,. Plus they have online ordering!
5	Best pizza in Pittsburgh! Great service, quick delivery, pizza, wings, and pepperoni rolls are amazing!
3	Italian Village Pizza is a safe pizza choice in Pittsburgh.  I brought my brother here a few weeks ago because he is picky as can be.  Pizza is always safe with him.  Also, Italian Village had the standard NYC deal of 2 slices and a soda so my heart warmed over a bit.This is going to sound bizarre, but order this pizza and go home.  Put it in the refrigerator and ignore it for twenty four hours.  Then reheat it and eat it.  This pizza is way better the second time around!  It was a bit greasy for my taste the first time, but I liked it much more after reheating it.  Also, stick to standard toppings.  I preferred the cheese slice the most.  The green pepper was eh.My brother and I wanted breadsticks or some other appetizer, but they were out.  So instead we got cheesy garlic bread.  The cheesy garlic bread was packed with cheese and garlic, and it was delicious.  We washed this all down with some raspberry iced tea.We both wanted dessert.  I ordered a cannoli ($2.25), but they were out of chocolate chip cookies, which the brother wanted.  Between being out of breadsticks and most cookies at 4:00 PM on a Sunday, this was a bit of a detriment to the trip.  The cannoli was definitely not homemade but decent.Overall, 4 slices of pizza, two drinks, cheesy garlic bread, and the cannoli were $15.65 total.  I thought this was a good deal.
