4	We arrived 5 minutes after closing time on a Saturday with 6 hungry people. We were greeted warmly and told to have a seat- not to worry about them being closed "it's why were are in business". We were given several on point suggestions for the menu and NEVER felt pressured to order. Great service with a personal touch. I ordered the BLT on Sourdough, it came with 3 slices of fresh tomato's and 5 large THICK slices of bacon. MMMMmmmmm.... The fresh cut fries were great and l highly recomend saving room for a slice of pie, any pie... they'er all good
5	My wife and I were on a sports car day trip and was cruising through Wickenburg looking for a breakfast spot this past Saturday morning.  Saw a large billboard for Ike's Cook Shack and looked interesting.  One we found the place it looked intriguing so we gave it a go.  It's kind of small and but cosy round log cabin.  Ordered the hotcake stack with eggs and bacon.  Excellent!  Way too much food with three big plate sized sourdough pancakes.  My wife have an eggwhite omelet that was great too.  I recommend this place and I hope it does well.
5	We have eaten at this restaurant a few times and it is always excellent. Recently we landed in Wickenburg late afternoon and called the restaurant to order ahead. They had just closed for the afternoon, but the owner personally drove to the airport, picked us up and brought us to the restaurant. When we arrived, our burgers and fries were served immediately. He had called his staff and had them prepare our meal and they waited patiently while we finished. Talk about customer service! Who goes out of their way to accommodate customers like that anymore?
4	Great spot for a hearty breakfast! I'm so glad my boss recommended it on our road trip to Vegas. I was really hoping he didn't want to hit up a crappy McDonalds like most people do on a road trip. I don't mind stopping the extra 30 minutes to get a decent meal. The staff was attentive and friendly. I'mpretty sure we met the owner/chef. Nice guy! If you're trying to find this place, look for the cow cutouts on the fence out front! Moo!
4	Every time I have been by this place it has been packed I have been in twice now and it is been excellent both times. If are going through this area. Then I would definitely stop in here, the last time I even adjusted my schedule to eat here. It is true good cowboy cooking, the chili is some of the best that I have had and the biscuts and gravy are amazing. The portions are huge.
2	Now here's an odd review -- two stars but I still recommend you give it a try!  Read on...Ike's is located just on the Phoenix side of McDonald's on your way through Wickenberg, and it is an alternative to fast food -- not a dining "experience" but not just a grab-and-go.  Located in an octagonal log "cabin", Ike's is small but clean.  The menu is limited and consists mainly of burgers, hot dogs, fries, and chili.  They have a few other items as well, but you get the idea.  My burger, however, was overcooked and dry, and the fries were soggy.  Thus the two stars.  On the other hand, the chili was good and the food was of decent quality.  Ike's was two mistakes away from being four stars - perhaps you can give it a go and let us know if my experience was a fluke.
4	This place was packed on Sunday @ 10:00 am. By 11:00 there was ample seating. Had their omelet with ham and added mushrooms. Once it arrived, my omelet had lots of ham and mushrooms along with my favorite, hash browns. My wife had their single short stack which the single pancake covered the whole plate with a side of bacon. The staff was friendly but the order took some time to get to our table.
5	Our new fav place when traveling through!! Great food! Everything is homemade. We had biscuits and gravy...delicious!!
5	Would give more stars if possible.  We went on a road trip in december and stopped at this place.  It was delicious and wonderful!  We loved the lemon pie so much!!! And we loved the bachelor's grilled cheese so much that we bought two more to go!  Got on yelp just to review this place!
4	Quick stop quick munch at Ike's Cook Shack!  I ordered their special that day Pork Chops, eggs, and hash browns.  Mmmm who can pass up pork chops for breakfast!?  This Yelper can't!  Overall, probably one of the juicier and tastier pork chops I've eaten for awhile.  Super tender and just enough salt and pepper added.  The eggs and hash brown were the side and didn't care for them much.  My buddy ordered their oatmeal and the other eggs and bacon.  Bacon was great, but the oatmeal was tad bit too dry.  The place itself is made out like a cabin.  Nice quaint and homey feel.  The service; well it's good home cooking a good old fashion hospitality.  Great experience and must if you're ever in Wickenburg! - Enjoy!
5	We happened upon this place by accident but it was a wonderful surprise.  The food was excellent!  Kids husband and I were all happy and full. Boys said the French fries were the best they have ever had. Highly recommend.
5	Stop Here! Trust someone who lives on the road. This place is how food used to be and how it should be. I walked in to see the cook ( maybe was Ike himself) making fresh pie. I ordered the burger and fries. Wow!Homemade burger. Great toppings. House cut French fries. The biscuits are homemade and so is the gravy. Why on earth eat at any of the silly chains in town. Eat local. Down home service with good coffee to boot. The pecan pie was the best I had this side of the Mississippi.
5	Cute little log cabin.  Went for brunch and had an omelet with bacon peppers & chorizo which was delicious.  The staff were friendly and the food came out quickly.I recommend this place
5	Buttermilk Pie. You need this in your life. Nothing bad here.Back for the 5th time as I drive through. Burger is great. Service is fine. Y'all need to get in here
5	Destination dining. Came through Wickenburg,  spotted cabin. So glad we stopped.  French fries hand cut and perfectly fine.  Green chile bacon grilled cheese sandwich served with a cheerful smile. Drive out here.  It's worth it.
5	Best French toast ever with a crunchy oatmeal topping. Biscuits and gravy were exceptional also. But the pie - my oh my!! The service is fast and courteous and the facilities are clean. Highly recommend stopping in for breakfast or lunch!
4	Great local place. Generous portions, friendly staff. It is small but not crowded and very pleasant atmosphere. Food is simple and well prepared. A must stop if you do not enjoy chain restaurants when you travel
4	This is within walking distance of a local RV park where I stayed. I had a weekday mid-morning breakfast consisting of a plate-sized pancake (short stack) with eggs over easy and sausage patties. It is just one small dining room, and the one server was prompt, polite, and efficient. The food was promptly prepared and everything was very nicely done. I needed a syrup refill for the huge pancake, which I still couldn't finish. The place has a typical small town ambiance, and I would definitely go again.
4	It was Christmas Eve coming through this town after a Vegas trip. There weren't many options in the afternoon and we noticed this place on Yelp. It has a rustic, homey, yurt feeling. The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and even showed us a few pictures of her family after chatting with our kiddos. Food was fast and totally hit the spot. I'm happy we found this place!
3	My husband and I stopped in to Ike's for a late breakfast / early lunch on our way to Las Vegas. This place is really small and it seems to be pretty popular but fortunately when we went there was no wait for a table. It is a cute kitchy place because of the whole log cabin yurt thing but overall I wasn't that impressed with the food. The hash browns were not cooked very well. They were dry but yet no crispy brown edges. They almost tasted like they came out of a frozen bag and were microwaved... and the same for my sausage. I will say the eggs were cooked perfectly. I am picky about scrambled eggs, I don't want them runny at all but neither do I like overcooked rubbery eggs. The eggs at Ike's were perfect. So, overall my meal was pretty much the same breakfast I could have gotten at Denny's so I don't know why they have 4 and a half stars. Maybe I'll give them another try next trip and order something a little more adventurous.
