4	A tasty lunch! About what you would expect. Although they do need to figure out their operations. It took 45 minutes for them to make a bagel because they had both registers open and not enough people actually making food.4 stars because its something that I'm sure they'll fix, also, people will stop streaming in ruthlessly once the new-ness dies down. I'll be back.
2	i work on craig and have been waiting for the place to finally open.  last week i heard from coworkers that it wasnt as great as anticipated as the workers did not seem to be able to complete orders properly.  brushing that off i decided to go this morning for a simple breakfast sandwich.  was over charged for my order initially but it was quickly corrected by the staff.  sausage on my breakfast sandwich was so overly cooked it was hard and crunchy... i asume now its a microwavable patti that was just way over done.  i understand we are only in the second week and i will be willing to give them another chance; however, if this keeps up they can sink themselves fast like a lot of other places have on s craig.
4	So I've been here twice (in a row!) now, and I feel like it's worth a review. Last night my boyfriend and I went on a walk and decided to stop in while it was quiet (around 8:45pm on a Wednesday) and see what it was like. We only got drinks as we had just eaten dinner -- I had a peach frozachino (??? I cannot remember how they spelled it) which it said was a green tea drink with blended fresh fruit. It was overly sweet and didn't taste like fresh fruit (or green tea) at all, but it was a tasty, refreshing dessert-like drink, so I won't slam it too hard. My boyfriend got a root beer frozachino which he complained lacked flavor. The two medium drinks set us back $8.50... Kinda harsh, but I wasn't ready to give up on them yet. They are, after all, a bagel shop, not a Starbucks. Besides, we liked the environment and the looks of the pastries and the variety of bagels on display. So today I went back for lunch between classes. The AC was cranked which felt good, and they had a big jug of ice water out for customers to serve themselves -- a great thing except that they had styrofoam cups! For a place that tries to look very Eco/hipster friendly I was a bit disappointed. Also, no wifi! That is something that they definitely need to fix if they're going to pull off this hip / coffee shop vibe. I would've hung out for at least an hour and maybe added a cup of coffee to my order if I could've gotten some work done online.Regardless, service was extremely fast, though I was there just before the lunch rush (around 11:30am). I got a wheat everything bagel (a combination of my favorite two kinds of bagel!) with albacore tuna salad, lettuce, and tomato for about $7. The bagel seemed fresh and was a decent size, with lots of flavor. The tuna salad was equally yummy, with not too much mayo and no fillers or celery, just chunks of tuna and seasoning. The tomato and lettuce were also fresh, and everything was well proportioned. Overall, a great sandwich. Much better than the frozachinos....Normally I'd probably give this place 3 stars, but I think it has potential. They just opened, and I feel like once they settle in they'll satisfy my 4 star rating. Besides, it's important to make note of the fact that The Bagel Factory is the only independent bagel shop in the Burgh. Personally, I'd choose them over Einstein or Bruegger's any day.
3	Craig street is the go-to location for students seeking some better quality dining than what is often available on campus (CMU). As such the lack of a place to stop in and quickly get a cheap burger to go was glaringly lacking. The Bagel factory fills this niche passably. The food is okay, what you would expect for average 'quick' food by a college campus. The option to have your sandwich or burger served on a bagel instead of bread is interesting, but in most cases this ends up being too heavy for the sandwich - I'd recommend sticking with the 'normal' breads.The bagel factory is a good choice if money and time are the deciding factors for you. If you've got the money to spend, Eat Unique down the block might be a better choice. If you've got the time as well for a sit down meal, the union grill might be a better option.
3	I'm at the combination bagel shop and coffeehouse.I gotta say, this place isn't too shabby. I have been the bagel factory on two occasions now and was relatively please both times. The coffee was good and not nearly as expensive as the Starbucks across the street. The bagels are fresh and are great with the variety of sandwiches that are offered. I recommend the breakfast bagels-- only $3.99 for egg, meat, and cheese on a toasted bagel.I won't be coming here for Friday date night... but I'll definitely stop in between classes on a regular basis for a break from terrible, overpriced CMU food.
4	I've never been let down by the Bagel Factory. The only reasoning behind 4 stars is the ordering process, which is often backed up and has patrons in line for long periods of time (though it is well worth the wait!). The challah bread french toast is always a favorite, but they have awesome lox dishes, baked goods and of course bagels! For breakfast at home, I highly suggest picking up one of their cinnamon logs for some bangin french toast.
2	Not a fan.  For some reason, the food is worse AND more expensive than the Squirrel Hill location.Also, the staff isn't very friendly, and the lines are usually horrendous.  There are too many places in Oakland to eat for me to pay $$$$ here--for bagels, I'll stick to the Squirrel Hill location.
3	If you purchased a Groupon to use here (which they originally promised to honor "in the future", but now will not), you can complain to Groupon, and Groupon will refund you your money. I was pleasantly surprised by Groupon's customer service (unlike Bagel Factory's).
1	I've given this spot 3 opportunities to show me that they deserve my business.Try 1: On a weekday evening around 8PM, I stopped in while out on an evening walk for a cookie or other sweet treat.  There was not a line, and I stood at the register for 3 minutes before walking out because no one acknowledged I was there or offered to take my order.  The restaurant was definitely open.Try 2: On a weekday during my walk to work I stopped in to pick up a bagel and a regular coffee.  I was served this time, and it was OK.  I found the price for a schmear of cream cheese a bit high, but whatever.Try 3: While walking down Craig Street I decided to stop in and grab a latte (3PM on a Thursday).  I placed my order, then proceeded to wait 12 minutes for my coffee, despite the restaurant not being busy at all.  The latte was disappointing.In all, this is not a restaurant where attention is paid to customer service.  I'm not hard to please . . . just acknowledge I'm there and don't take forever.  I really want to support local business, but I know I can get in and out of the Starbucks across the street efficiently and with a good coffee.  Prove me wrong, Bagel Factory!
1	The coffee is awful. I threw mine out and then went to Starbucks across the street. The OJ tastes like pulp free giant eagle brand. For a breakfast place, to have any self respect you need fresh squeezed oj. I was really hoping they would improve the quality of their food with opening this new store. The location is great but the food is terrible. The owners seem to ignore the comments and the reviews because its pretty much the same for the 5 yrs I've lived here. The bagels are ok. For a small local chain I was hoping for better. This place is about as bad as McDonalds. This is my last time at this place- I give up. Owners- you may capitalize on location but you serve a sad breakfast!
3	Try something from there Grill menu which includes freshly made burgers and brunch items like deep fried French toast! The egg bagel is the shit but overall there bagels are tough compared to Bruegers. The regular french toast was bland and soggy, before syrup was even added. If they could tweak their batter to include something other than the test of eggs (vanilla, cinnamon, or just sugar!) and prevent sogginess then this rating would go up. Love the S. Craig spot so I'll be back for round two.
2	Awful service and high prices.
3	Very convenient location on a busy corner in Oakland.  I've been here for lunch and coffee a few times.  They use the Coffee Tree Roasters coffee which I really like.  Their bagels are good and I particularly like their breakfast bagel sandwiches.  I also had their lox scramble and that was tasty.  They have a pretty broad menu which also includes things like pancakes, burgers, soups, etc.  Their seating area is always really crowded and food can take awhile to come out.  It's also a bit on the pricier side for what you get.  Service is always very friendly.
2	I've definitely had better bagels and I've most definitely had less expensive bagels...The bagel itself was so. so. plain. The poppy seed bagel had about 10 poppy seeds on it (yeah, I could count them). They weren't that generous with the cream cheese either which put me off a little bit (I eat like a starved obese child) Bottom line: go elsewhere if you're craving the doughy goodness of a bagel.The service there is kind and they try and get your order out as quick as possible, which is nice! They are also very accommodating to your order. The atmosphere of the place is modern and relaxed, more of a sit, eat, get out kind of place. I feel no urge to stay and bask in the harsh white light and uncomfortable chairs. Maybe I'm just bitter because I miss Kiva Han...
3	They usually have a groupon running for half off. Without this, I would never go there again, but for half off it's too close to pass up. The staff, in my experience, treat you and each other like putrid shit. I don't know what is going on there, but pretentious prick comes to mind when I think of any of the cashiers. They are assholes (woah that's the most swearing I've done on here... ever). I get those entertainment books, good luck redeeming coupons here... it depends who is working, and if it is the dark haired tallish manager, it's not gonna happen. He fights you tooth and nail and makes you look like an idiot in front of the line building behind you (the coupons say that they are for the craig street location). I have had others let me use them.For the hassle, the food is decent, and with the groupon it is at an ok price.
1	Ok, forget my old review. Do not go to the Bagel Factory. Even with a groupon this place is a rip off. The past 3 times I have been there they messed up my order. They are not friendly AT ALL. AND apparently it is the new thing to burn everything.Today, I got 2 sandwiches with lettuce, tomato, and onion, which they charge for, NEITHER OF THEM HAD IT. And then they fight with you to get it. Last time my BF ordered fried french toast and asked for the whipped cream that was supposed to come on it (says it right in the menu he was holding) and the manager refused to give it to him and tried to charge him for it. Effe this place, seriously.
2	I would like to be excited about a new lunch option in the Oakland area, and at least on the surface this is a great new addition.  However, I'm not impressed with the value for money (high prices,) and the menu has some strange choices (I understand it is the BAGEL factory but why am I forced to get a plain bagel with a soup?)  On the plus side, service isn't too slow and the ambiance is pretty cool (industrial decor with sliding garage doors.)
3	They have very delicious cinnamon raisin french toast. Very sweet and cinnamony. The outside is very crispy and the inside soft and fluffy. Their bagels are okay. Tried a vegetable one with eggs and sausage. The bagel was kind of dry and dense. Not as good as Bruegger's or Einstein's bagels. I'm giving them 3 stars instead of 4 because I found a hair in my food once. I'm not too picky about that kind of stuff so I ate my food anyways because I love their french toast but it is kind of disconcerting.
4	Good menu options - a variety for sure! I actually had the omelette and it was fantastic. Little pricey but you get what you pay for - big portions!
2	I had a muffin and coffee, both were fine. Lots of offerings food-wise.  The place looks nice and sort of retro industrial inside.  The wifi situation however is mediocre. Just two free hours, and the signal is weak. It's a last resort type of place for studying.
4	This place has turned around 180 degrees since it opened.  I would have honestly given them 1 star earlier this year.  Since then they have:1) Gotten their service together.  They now are both quick and correct.2) Expanded their menu.  They have a lot more options.  Many mid-range in price.  And some of them are quite original and tasty well beyond bagels.3) Realized that opening their big windows switches the vibe from cluttered and claustrophobic to fun and inviting.  They are not so afraid of the weather anymore.My main disappointment there now is that their tastiest pastries only make the rotation occasionally.  I guess there needs to be some reason to still go to Eat Unique once in a while.
2	Food is tasty, menu is small, and on the expensive side for what you get, but every lunch spot at CMU is gouging the students. The two star rating is mostly because the tables are always so dirty and sticky, its pretty gross.
5	I used to mainly love this place because it was one of the few places that served bagels with lots (I mean LOTS) of cream cheese. But I've grown to like their sandwiches, fries and coffee as well. I end up going here pretty often and its a nice place to sit and finish up assignments, especially in the summer when they open up the windows. Also, i've been here enough number of times for them to know the correct way to spell my name :D
4	Pretty good. I liked that I could sit with the large window open and enjoy the fresh air. I got a bagel and home fries, they were both good. I am from NJ so I am constantly searching for better bagels near Pitt. I would say this is probably my favorite spot to get a bagel that is walking distance from school.Would recommend if you are looking for a cheap breakfast or brunch.
3	Among the few speedy breakfast options in the area, The Bagel Factory is superior in variety of options and quality. I have solely sampled their breakfast menu and enjoy the freshness of their bagels. What also sets them apart is that they cook a real egg for the breakfast sandwiches as oppose to the white microwavable ones. The space is also a nice alternative destination to the library around finals time.
3	This is only a comment on the atmosphere. They seem to have forgotten something when they remodeled Kiva Han coffee shop: LIGHTING. Which is OK, if it is daytime, and not overcast like tends to be the case most of the time in Pittsburgh. But at night? If you look in, the place doesn't even seem to be OPEN. I think it might actually be really cool decor, but I have yet to see it.
2	So, just as someone else said here, I think my review is subjective because I think I'm still a little bitter that this establishment replaced my beloved Kiva Han. To me, this place unfortunately took all of the character out of what was once my favorite coffee shop in the city. Furthermore, I thought that this place was actually a Tree Roasters, but when I walked in to buy a bag of coffee for a family member for Christmas they said they only brew the coffee and do not sell it. The bagels are cheap and pretty good- but they always are way too liberal if you ask for butter or cream cheese on them. Every time I get a bagel, the bag is completely soaked in butter by the time I walk the two blocks to work and I have to scrape off a layer from the top. On the inside of the building, the setup seems too forced, the lack of seating at the bar limits interaction between customers and workers- it just seems like they paved paradise and put up a parking lot.....
2	I was pressed to order quickly and went for the first thing on the sandwich menu, obviously featured in a different color, the "hot lean corned beef" sandwich.Two observations: 1) that was totally NOT a half pound of meat, as advertised, and 2) totally not worth the almost-10-dollar price. The meat didn't even cover the surface of the bread.If I'm paying (almost) $10 for a sandwich, it had better be LOADED with meat, and have more than a skimpy thin couple of tomato slices and single leaf of lettuce to adorn it.THIS IS NOT QUALITY DELI FOOD. It's an imitation.
3	i can't speak fully to the bredth of the menu, however if you're looking for a light lunch or brunch this place is pretty good. i'd likely go three and a half stars if i could. don't expect full sized new york bagels but there is a variety of spreads for a variety of bagels at a fairly low price. also, one of the few places in the world that offers apple juice, and if you think i'm childish for caring about apple juice you should drink some. seriously, ambrosia of apply goodness. in other news i've ordered matzo soup and been dissapointed, the chicken salad here was one of the worst things i have ever eaten and the bathroom downstairs is disgusting.however, ham egg and cheese on a bagel, from mhy non vegan days, was fantastic. so shoot for what you would think would be good from a brunchish place and you'll have a good time. the owner is a cheapskate but he doesn't hangout at this one as much as at ellsworth so it's all good.
2	I gave this place two chances and now I won't be back. The bagels are beyond bland and the breakfast sandwiches are so tiny. I would much rather go to Bruegger's Bagels.
3	So, I may or may not have judged this place too harshly due to the bad taste in my mouth that the closing of Kiva Han left. I've been here many times since its opening, and my opinion has been changed from an initial dislike to a more neutral. I have now had many cups of coffee here, bagels, and actual meals- and I have been relatively surprised at the diversity of food options- they even have a late night happy hour deal on veggie burgers (which are pretty good). The internet has been spotty throughout my times here, but I will dismiss my initial prejudice of this place and will probably still continue to stop in here over the Starbucks across the street.
4	good place to get decent food for not too much
2	I found the staff were not friendly while ordering a coffee. After I had been sitting in the seating area for a while, an employee opens the sliding glass wall behind me. Which...would usually be fine if it wasn't pouring rain and cold outside. But it would have been nice if she'd asked first. So I had to move clear across the room as not to get my computer wet. meh. I think I know why Starbucks across the street is always full and this place is not.
3	Prices are descent, cashier seemed drunk and service was incredibly slow. Very nice environment though.
1	I downloaded yelp specifically for this place. It is bad. I could go into a deep explanation of exactly how bad it is but I think I'll save us both time and say...don't go there, pal. Giving her the ol 1 star. Over and out, barnstein
4	I like coming here for breakfast before classes. They have wifi and their environment is very workable! I like getting their bagels and orange juice. The oj is always freshly squeezed and it tastes so authentic and different from store-bought cartons. The bagel chips are so addicting and pretty cheap.
1	Every time I go here, it's something else. How can a deli be out of pickles so often? Why does it take 40 minutes to make a hamburger? And why, after 40 minutes, does the burger not come with the toppings that I requested?Aside from the supply and demand issues, the staff is miserable. These folks could really take some pointers from the Squirrel Hill location...
1	Service has never been friendly to me and food has been subpar. Also, they have been written up for the past two years in ACHD due to MICE droppings. Would not suggest this place at all.
4	Bagel breakfast sandwiches are very good and the portions are large. The bagels are nice and chewy, and loaded with egg, cheese and bacon/sausage (whichever you order). It can be a bit slow sometimes, but it's not really a fast food joint, so no big deal. I'd say it's on the slightly pricier side too, but you get your money's worth with the bagel sandwiches. I had a chicken salad sandwich once as well, but would not get it again since it was just ok. Seating downstairs and upstairs.
2	Decent Bagel, but the portion size for cream cheese is absolutely pathetic.  It might be 2 tablespoons on a whole bagel.
3	I stopped by here at 6:15 this morning to grab a bagel before catching a bus downtown to board the train.  While Bruegger's downtown may be more convenient to the train station, this place is more convenient to my apt., and I prefer the bagels here.  That said, it'd been awhile since I'd had a bagel from here.Having heard good things about the bagel sandwiches here, I intended to order the nova lox sandwich.  When I ordered a "bagel with lox," the employee at the counter thought I meant the bagel with lox cream cheese.  Upon asking her if it had cream cheese in addition to lox and how much it cost, she clarified that it had cream cheese with lox, and that it was $2.95, whereas the lox bagel sandwich cost $7.  Given the substantial price difference, and that I wasn't looking for a super-heavy breakfast, I decided to go with the former on a wheat everything bagel.  Since there was nobody else there, it only took about 5 min. from the time that I ordered to the time that I left with the bagel.After having caught a bus downtown and boarded the train, I proceeded to eat the bagel.  Although it had been toasted, it wasn't warm anymore when I unwrapped it--but that was to be expected.  The bagel itself was chewier and more rubbery than I'd like, to the point that I found it laborious to bite off pieces, which may have been at least partially due to the fact that I didn't eat it right away.  The lox cream cheese, on the other hand, was great--based on my experience with Breugger's, I'd expected lox-flavored cream cheese, or perhaps cream cheese with tiny pieces of lox in it, but it had substantial chunks of lox.  In light of this, I didn't regret my decision to forego the lox bagel sandwich.Overall, I stand by my preference for the Bagel Factory over Bruegger's, despite the uneven quality of this particular bagel.  I've never ordered anything other than bagels here, so I can't comment on the quality of the other items.  Service has always been friendly and efficient, which I appreciate, given that my main occasion for stopping by is occasions such as today, when I have to catch an early morning train or flight.
1	Terrible service. If I could write 0.5 or 0 review I would. The business does not give any benefits to its employees and it shows in the service. People are unhappy about working there. The owner and manager ought to be reported to the better business bureau for their practices.Holding people after their shifts and not paying overtime and holding checks and other contemptible, unethical violations.This place is not a good place to eat either. I'll go somewhere else in the future.
1	Terrible service. I went several times as a student at CMU and the employees are clearly unhappy about working there.Overall, I really grew to hate this place the more I went. The food is way over-priced and the manager doesn't appear to really care about whether customers are happy.
