4	This is a very nice hotel on the western edge of Madison.  We had not stayed in a Homewood Suites before and were impressed with the kitchen and the spacious, comfortable room.  The hotel was nice and quiet also and serves breakfast in the morning.  Our only complaint is the location - it's ideal if you're wanting to stay on the west side of Madison.  Otherwise, it's a bit of a drive into the UW/downtown area.
5	Stayed here for two nights. New hotel with great rooms; suites have small kitchen with fridge, dishwasher, stove and everything you need. "Living room" has couch and table and there is a seperate bedroom. Linens were so comfy and everything was very clean. Staff was great. There is a breakfast and evening light meal with beer/wine. Great value added touch. Hotel also takes small dogs.
5	Clean rooms, friendly staff. We were very impressed.  Stayed here for 2 nights during a last-minute trip to Madison.Room has full kitchen (with utensils and storage containers - nice touch), living area with TV, computer desk, fold-out couch.  Bedroom has comfy linens and nice lighting, bathroom clean and separate vanity area.Walking distance from a little strip mall with a pub we really enjoyed and other little shops.Only thing we didn't care for (and this was NOT the hotel's fault) was all the little kids down in the hot tub late at night.  Parents, I beg of you, get your kids with their arm floaters OUT of hot tubs when you see adults wanting to use it!Nice job, Homewood Suites.  We would most definitely stay here again.
4	Clean rooms. Good free breakfast. Nice location.  Staff helpful and friendly.  Good sized refrigerator, microwave in suites.
5	The Homewood Suites is my favorite "mid-range" (according to Consumer Reports) priced hotel by far. I first decided on this hotel based on Consumer Reports reviews of hotels (and later Yelp reviews to confirm) all the reviews were excellent. I have stayed here three times in the past two years. Each time we have been very satisfied. The rooms are outfitted very amply with a kitchen (full refrigerator, stove, plates, etc.), a very nice flat screen tv with a good selection of channels, and a separate sink and bathroom. The bed is very large and comfortable and the room also has a sofa bed. The hotel has a restaurant and shopping within short walking distance (basically across the street) and there is a lot of other restaurants relatively close (check Yelp of course). The bathroom and shower is nice and serviceable (the door almost hits the toilet when opened completely but that is usual for most hotels I have stayed in...Every time we have stayed there the stay has been very quiet and comfortable. On a recent trip with the in laws as well as immediate family everyone who stayed there were wowed by the hotel and very happy with their stay. Another really big point in favor of the hotel is the free full breakfast (eggs, sausages, fruits, cereals and all of the rest) and not the horrible "continental" breakfast typical at a lot of hotels.The hotel is a little more expensive but definitely very reasonable (compare to Hampton Inn and the like; BTW the Hampton Inn shares the parking lot with the Homewood). There is only two minor knocks against the hotel. One is that the hotel is a bit more distant from Madison attractions like the state building and downtown (but not that far...it is right off of the highway and a straight shot to the downtown will usually be about 25 min's - 30 min's total). And the second and last drawback would be that there are no two bed rooms. My wife and I shared our room with a couple of in-laws and we found the best and only way was to grab a sofa bed mattress from another room (thankfully we had another room for more family that were not using theirs) and double them up which is comfortable (not the best but definitely comfortable enough).
4	This place is nice and spacious and meets business traveler needs, no doubt about that. The staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast is pretty decent. I can't say too much about the dinner options because I didn't partake. They provide great, prompt shuttle service as well.  The only (and I do mean only) downside is the location... there just aren't enough good restaurants within walking distance.
5	This place blows my mind. I wasn't expecting to have such a nice place at Madison. I stayed the whole week for business. The room was large, with kitchen appliances. They also have dinner serving every night from 5pm to 7pm. This place is perfect for business travel! Yes, the location was not that great. They do have shuttle to get you to the place you need every morning. Definitely a good deal compare to other places in the area.
4	This is a nice property.  The suites are spacious enough - my wife and I had the main room, and the boys slept in the adjoining room with a pull-out bed.  Full size fridge, stove-top, microwave, sink and dishwasher.  Housekeeping was good, and front desk staff were cordial.  The indoor pool is nice - there's an adjoining patio so you can sun if you'd like.  The breakfast was just ok.  They had fresh fruit, but lots of the other stuff (eggs, etc) were pre-made - kids didn't seem to mind though.  For groceries - head across the street to Brennans (gourmet) or for the more budget conscious, Aldi is also within walking distance.  I will look for Homewood Suites for our next mini-vacation!      I would also agree with KJ D's advice.  If you have kids in tow, please be respectful to other guests.  There was a baseball team there and the kids ran wild, while the adults partied and left trash and cigarette butts on the pool terrace.  Not the hotel's fault mind you, just an observation.
5	Great hotel for a great price.  Hotels in dtown Madison are too costly.  If you can stay a stones-throw away, this hotel cannot be beat.
5	Stayed here 2 nights for business. Nice filling breakfast and dinner. Dinner is offered M-Th comes with wine and beer. I say its dinner because it was very filling, they say it's a light dinner... The pressure of shower was nice and Ohhhh water softener!! Love it!! The bed was wonderful as well.
3	A newer mid priced hotel on Madison's west side.  We stayed two nights in September for a badger football game weekend.The hotel is rather larger (5 stories) and has quite a few rooms.  We had a junior suite which was in the corner so had some extra floor space which included a small kitchenette, sofa sleeper desk and tv. Not quite two rooms but a good amount of space, especially if you were staying for an extended period of time.Overall the room was clean and comfortable although not terribly chic or stylish - just one big beige space.  I certainly understand the desire for a "timeless" color pallet but it could do with a bit more personality.As for the room features, the bed was quite firm (which I like) as were the pillows (not so great).  Bathroom was on the small side but had all that we needed.
5	Awesome place to stay! The staff are very friendly and the breakfast was very yummy. They even served dinner which was very convenient after spending all day at Epic in training. My bed was very soft and the room had every convenience that I needed being so far away from home. Full size fridge and stove. It even had a Keurig that was stocked daily.
