1	This business is shady with their billing practices. I had gone here on several occasions, and the next thing I knew, they had raised the price of my office visits without informing me, and had even misled me to believe it was alot less expensive than it was. When I attempted to clear this up with their billing department, they basically laughed at me. I will never recommend anyone to go here(especially me!) not because of their Doctors,  (they do have some good doctors) but because they charge you whatever they want without telling you.( shady!!!!) and there is no way to get around this, because I literally asked them how much it was before the appointment, and paid them and a week later, I get an additional 180$ added onto my office visit. shame on them! They also would not respond to a BBB complaint against them. would you do business with a business that cannot even respond to complaints filed at the BBB? I wouldn't even work for a company like that!
1	This place still stinks.  Maybe they can become a vets office or something useful.
1	I've been a patient at Mountain Park Health Center for almost three years. You would think by now I would learn to expect nothing but the bare minimum from everyone related to this practice. Where to start?They have a sign where you can point to any language and they will get you a translator, but lord forbid you speak english and no one can understand you.Calling in to make an appointment or reschedule one will cost you multiple phone calls, countless minutes spent on hold, and your first born child. (Okay not necessarily the last one). The shortest time I have spent on hold id 6 minutes and he longest being 17 before speaking to someone. The receptionist staff are unprofessional and rude. I have had many of them hang up on me when they call me during my commute when I would prefer not to talk and drive. Today my conversation went as follows: MPHC: "This is Mountain Park Health Center calling for Brianna"Me: "This is she."MPHC: "There has been a mistake and we need to reschedule your appointment for next week"Me: "Oh. Is it alright if I call you back in a bit? I am on my way to school and would prefer not to drive while on the phone."MPHC: "If that's what you feel you have to do"   -hang up-This is not my first run in with rudeness or lack of professionalism in the office. I have called and complained to the office manager many times, with no change. The final straw for me was when I went in to the office in January for a referral for my shoulder. I hadn't heard anything and called about it two weeks ago ( March 14) to find that they never sent my referral to the specialist. Now I have to wait up to three more weeks while living in extreme pain. The office staff didn't even offer a "I'm Sorry".In addition to the front desk mishaps. I had the OBGYN there give me a false diagnosis, nurses not explain procedures, and test run without my knowledge. My family is beyond done with this office and will not be returning.
5	I just had one of the best appointments of my life at this facility. Even though I had to wait a few weeks for a scheduled appointment, the professionals at this health center were courteous, invested, and focused. From the kind and efficient receptionists to the nurses who took my vitals and family history, everyone made me feel very comfortable. My NP - Misty Crawford - was exceptionally congenial. She asked the right questions and really strived to get to know me throughout the examination. Her medical knowledge, her outstanding bedside manner, and her ability to explain concepts to me was unparalleled. Including the time it took for them to register me as a new patient, check up on my insurance, take all of my vitals and family history, examine and diagnose me, draw my blood, and discharge me, I was in and out of this center in 45 minutes. Simply impressive. I would highly recommend this facility to anyone who just needs a regular checkup, physical, or needs to get some tests run.
1	I arrived 15 minutes early (3:45 for my 4:00 appointment)  as I was instructed to as a new patient to fill out paperwork.  I walked in to a waiting room with several people in it, I could tell right away that they over book as most doctors offices seem to do, total disregard for my valuable time.  I turned in my new patient paperwork and wasn't called back until 4:20 for my 4:00 appointment.  The office staff seemed nice enough but to be honest I could hear them talking about patients and I heard one of them cuss, very unprofessional for a medical office.  The Dr. Assistant came into the room pretty quickly (4:25) and was nice.  I can tell you she missed several steps in my yearly check up!  Every time you go to the doctor they always check your eyes, ears, nose and mouth, all she checked was my heart beat.  Not that I enjoy a breast exam but this very important step was also missed.  I would not return!  I only picked this office due to it's location and being one of my providers from my insurance company.  This place is a bit of a joke!
