4	The Jet Room is our go to place for breakfast with visiting friends.  The food of a down home diner, but with a huge wall of windows that look out onto the tarmac for WI Aviation...little commuter planes come and go while you eat some of the best breakfast around.  The pancakes are AMAZING!Only issue is that TV is always tuned to Fox News, but on mute, so are easy to ignore.  A packed place on weekends - so call ahead for seating or get there early!
5	OK - Let's be reasonable! 5 stars is an incredible score, but here is why I gave it.This diner is a hidden gem. I mean hidden, the only reason I went was because someone told me about it. It is located in the Wisconsin Aviation building off of Stoughton Road at the end of Amelia Earhart Dr.There are no signs outside for this restaurant.Once inside, it is clean, tastefully decorated, awesome view of the airport, attentive service and finally awesome food. - that's 5 reasons for 5 stars.I had crab cakes Benedict. Oh yea! That is as good as it sounds baby.Then I upgraded my hash browns with cheese, onions, and peppers. Well worth the up charge.It will be hard for me to pick something different from their menu when I go back, AND I WILL BE GOING BACK.
5	B.E.S.T. brunch in Madison. Brunch at airport  - "huh" right? Right.The restaurant is located with in the Wisconsin Aviation building, which is across the field from where the commercial flights are housed.  You can eat the fantastic food while plane watch for your pleasure. If you haven't been here already, you're missing out - A. Lot. The airy pancakes that I ordered were fluffy, and really the best I've had in Madison. It sounds like a "guilty pleasure," but the pancakes are truly airy that it doesn't feel heavy on the stomach after clearing the plate. The three eggs omelet was equally spectacular. Plus the solid cordial service seals the 5-stars deal.The scene is a clean diner, but as my friend put it, "it's an actual diner with good food, and not like the other wanna-bes." Absolutely correct. And there's no need to do too much flare on the decor when they got the fantastic view of the private planes against the blue sky. I will be back for more for sure! Maybe a sunset dinner for the next time?
5	I'm a big fan of eating Midwest brunches and I can tell quality vs. quantity.My boyfriend took me here on a surprise date because he is a big fan of watching planes take off, so I thought it was novel to have brunch there.The quality of the food blew me away as well as the friendly service. We ordered crab cakes benedict with hollandaise sauce and the 2x2x2 (pancakes, 2 eggs, bacon, and fruit cup OR hashbrowns).  The other reviewers down below are correct that their pancakes are TDF light airy and buttery delicious. The crab cakes benedicts were perfect - not too rich, and not too heavy and very nicely presented.  The waitress was a middle aged woman who was very attentive to us.The price is also very reasonable for brunches in Madison. I would highly recommend this place, and I believe it is one of Madison's best kept secret diners.  It wasn't as cheap as the Come Back Inn located near the Essen Haus nor Plaka's Mediterranean meat intensive style brunches, however, the quality was far superior (and don't get me wrong, I adore the Come Back Inn!)You'll also be interested in the proudly presented amateur photos of Air Force One from when President Obama visited Madison in Nov 2009, the staff were happy to give the run down of his landing at the private airstrip.
2	I gave two stars, 1 star for the nice behavior of owners who welcome you into the restaurant with a smile and another star is the ambiance and my kiddo loved it.Worst service. waitress (an Asian women) was very rude and made me feel like we are not welcome there. my two cents, if you are not a white man, please find a Dennis or Perkins and don't even bother to go to this place. I never wrote a review as bad as this and this place deserves it.
4	kind of hard to get a coffee refill here. losing a star for that.i ate a delicious breakfast skillet with bacon on it. and bacon is one of the only thing i have been able ot think about lately. the food is regular breakfast food sort of unremakable. in fact, no better than the deforest family restaurantBUT: you can eat breakfast and watch planes take off!!1 so fun!!!! so that makes it pretty awesome.
5	This place is awesome! I went on a weekday, it was quite crowded but Pat O'Malley was hard at work accommodating us as best he could. We sat at the bar and had a fantastic breakfast. Pat took the time to ask our names and he was always looking out for everyone on his staff. You should definitely place this restaurant on your list as a must do! Not to mention the ambiance/view is fabulous.
4	Quick Review: Fantastic diner fare, very reasonably priced, and while it is located "off the beaten path," it offers a unique environment for young, old, locals, and visitors alike.  Give it a try!Detailed review:I've been craving some pancakes for quite some time and have been on a mission to find the perfect stack.  I've recently tried 'cakes from several Madison eateries and while most have been decent, none have knocked my socks off.So, I ventured out to Pat O'Malley's, which is located on the very north side of Truax field.  Or, as some might say, "in the middle of nowhere."  Yes, it's a bit of a drive... and yes, it's a bit difficult to find.  But, it's well worth the effort - believe me.The Jet Room is located inside of the aviation building, which (for those not familiar) is where people lucky enough to not have to suffer the pains associated with public air transportation go for their arrivals and departures via private aircraft.  The building features a nice lobby, a pilot's lounge, a small gift shop, a vending area, a front desk for travelers, and Pat O'Malley's.  It's spotlessly clean, quiet, and completely opposite of what you'd find at any public airport.  There's plenty of parking available in front of the building.I entered the smallish diner and was promptly greeted by a friendly hostess and seated at a small table with an awesome view of the airstrip.  Private planes of all types - from small jets to single engine craft - regularly took off and landed during my visit.  It was fun to watch them arrive, taxi, unload, and all of that stuff.  Pat's serves breakfast all day - or until they close, which is around 2:00pm.  Because I arrived at lunchtime, they shared the specials, which sounded (and looked) excellent, but I was there for the pancakes.  I promptly ordered a coffee, an order of pancakes, and a side of bacon.  After the waitress left, I took note of the food around me, and all of it looked great.  The burgers appeared to be thick and hand-formed.  Many sandwiches featured marbled rye.  The fries and sides were plentiful and appeared to be fresh and crispy.  I could easily overhear folks talking during their meals and only heard positive comments about the lunch items.  I'll definitely have to head back to check them out.After a very short wait, my food arrived - the pancakes were thick, but as Mio confirmed, light and fluffy.  Butter was served on the side; I lathered the cakes with some of that creamy dairy, splashed on my home-brought 100% real Vermont Maple (grade B, thankyouverymuch), and took a bite.  The two plate-sized cakes quickly absorbed the syrup, which made for a delightfully tasty combination.  The pancakes, while substantial, weren't heavy or overwhelming.  A hint of buttermilk provided just enough "bite" to the syrup.  Mmmmm - definitely a good experience.But the hidden star was the bacon.  It was perfectly cooked; crispy, but slightly chewy.  Thick, but not too thick.  Perfect balance of everything: salt/smoke, thickness/chewiness, and not at all greasy or fatty.  Win.The check came - $8 for my meal of cakes, bacon, and coffee.  Service was excellent - the waitress was quick on the coffee fills, made sure my food was ok, and promptly delivered the check and my change.  A $4 tip seemed totally fair for such an excellent experience (plus it was a slow Monday).Pat O'Malleys = WINFood = 4.25 starsValue = 4 starsService = 4 starsMISC = 4.5 stars I'd probably avoid this place during the weekend rushes - it would likely fill-up quickly.  But the food, service, and environment are all top notch, so any wait is well worth it.  Do yourself (and your tastebuds) a favor and visit the fine folks at Pat O'Malley's Jet Room - you'll be glad you did.
4	It's not the amazing gem as I was hoping, but don't let me knock it that this place is cool.Basically, it's a diner in a commuter airport on the outskirts of Madison. If that sounds like your thing, check it out.Food was three stars, but it was solid diner food. Prices are weird amounts like $8.54 to account for tax. Hilarious.Gets busy on Sunday mornings!
5	Hard to find a good $100 burger (airport restaurant). Had an awesome BLT with great service and an ice tea for $10.90 plus tip. Place really hops at lunch time, for good reason.
3	Not as good overall as I had expected.Pretty average basic breakfast. OK service...Enjoyed "aviation location".
5	This is just another diner with good breakfast food. The real value is the view. This diner sits right along the runway of a small airport.I ordered the Chili Cheese omelet w/ hash browns. I recommend paying the upcharge to get cheese and peppers tossed into your hash browns. I loved the view and would go back the next time I'm in Wisconsin.
5	Short review. One of the top five breakfast joints in Madison, and I've been to ALL of them. Excellent food and coffee, and the view isn't bad either.
4	breakfast rocks here! do it!
5	This place was a bit of a surprise. We flew into Madison and were starving. We always rely on Yelp when we travel, it was close and this place did not disappoint. It is inside a flight services building but the place is really clean and a nice view of the runway.I had the BLTCE and my wife had the flying fish sandwich and both were really good. We will be back, check it out.
5	Great morning breakfast spot. Take the kids, they love watching the planes.
4	Unique place that is, as Steve said, a little off the beaten path.  Pat O'Malley's Jet Room is a pretty no-frills breakfast place (they offer lunch as well) serving up some good diner grub.  Bonus feature: You can watch planes take off and land while you're chowin' down.Out of all the diners in Madison that I've been to, the Jet Room service is the best; seriously top-notch.  Pat or his wife have been hosting every time I've gone (and have even remembered my name when I went a couple weekends in a row), the staff are friendly and always on top of things.  I get a pretty good mom 'n pop type vibe from here.I've never had a problem with the food here.  It's solid diner food; nothing unexpected or that exciting, but always delicious.  I like it enough that it's one of the few places where I'll try to switch my order every time I head over there.  Waits are long on weekends, so call ahead or expect to spend some time looking around the building.
4	First off the view is outstanding.  O'Malley's is right off the runway at the Madison Airport.  The waitstaff is very good,  and the food as well.  There can be a wait so do not expect to get in an  out very fast.  I recommend trying the Jet Room.
4	very good food.  excellent service!  eggs benedict is the specialty here and it's excellent.  decent coffee and a great view of the tarmac, right outside the window.
4	Cool for watching planes especially with kids!  Solid breakfast and great atmosphere.
5	The Jet Room is a must when in Madison. Watching planes take off and land while eating the best diner breakfast or lunch in Madison is a huge hit with adults and kids. If you go in the early morning you can also watch the Truax Fire Department Trucks circle the air field on their morning rounds. I'd highly recommend the Scramble for breakfast and the Wing Walker for lunch. I wish they were open past 2:00pm, but understand they are tailoring to a specific food type.GO TO THE JET ROOM! That is all.
4	This place is great.  A lot of people don't know it exists, or think it's just for pilots.  The Jet Room is a diner with a great view the Wisconsin Aviation Airport runway.  The food was decent, but I don't think anyone comes here for the food.  It's all about the view.  I had the sausage scrambler which was pretty standard.  Nothing to brag about, but it did the trick.  My gf had the salmon benedict.  It looked great and she was pretty happy with it.   It's a busy place on the weekend but you'll be entertained while waiting for your table.   Plenty to look at.
4	Excellent, excellent food! Very reasonable also. I would highly recommend to give this place a try. I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin. Fantastic! They offer dishes like salmon omlettes, salmon eggs Benedict, etc. Very good quality for an airport diner.
5	One of my favorite places in town for breakfast. It's quick (once you're seated).It's greasy (like breakfast from a skillet should be).It's no-nonsense (hash, taters, eggs).It's served with a smile (and usually some awesome conversation).Is it super local? Super sustainable?No.It's a diner. But a delicious one.And there are planes!
4	Was thrilled to see vegetarian options. Very nice restaurant, clean, fun decor. Son absolutely loved watching the planes land & take off. Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him. Had California Benedict which was good not great- not best Hollandaise but wasn't expecting gourmet granted. Liked fruit cup that was offered, good variety. Average diner food but good menu options and above average atmosphere. Host was delightful but service was slow & spotty.
5	Excellent service, friendly staff and you get to watch plans land and take off.  The food is great.  We've been here several times with our younger kids (just my husband and I and with extended family).  The wait has never been that long.  They work to get you seated as soon as possible if there is a wait.Awesome diner food with daily specials.  Delicious, mouth watering diner food at diner prices.They are open for breakfast, brunch and lunch.  Great family friendly spot.  Also great for a quick bite on your own.  Highly suggest checking this place out if you haven't yet.
4	"B-B-B-Bennie!" Sorry, couldn't resist. But really this place is great and deserves the shoutin'.Where else can you enjoy a yummy breakfast while watching planes land and take off?? Nowhere. Nowhere if not for Pat O Malley's. Nope.Anyways, as we were sipping on our coffees and enjoying the glorious views, we ordered:*Tenderloin steak and eggs with hashbrowns *Co-pilot - three egg omelet w. diced ham, american cheese & cheesy hashbrowns *Flight Attendant - three egg omelet w. fresh spinach, sauteed mushrooms, swiss cheese*The Yoke and Rudder - 2 sunny up eggs and baconAll the meals hit the spot. Delish. But Pat's also has tasty English muffins and BISCUITS!!!! (my current obsession)"B-B-B-Biscuits!" Yesssss
4	The Jet Room and some decent dinner food. It's a great place for a breakfast. But honestly I don't go to the Jet Room for the food. It's the view that keeps me coming back.
5	best eggs benidict in the area from the traditional to salmon ,crabcakes even vegitarian version  tenderloin special all excellent do a great job on all breakfast from omletes to skilets to eggs corned beef hash pancakes only had lunch here once very good burger and club sandwich kids love watching the planes come and go always have had excellent service excellent food at reasonable prices can't go wrong
2	We had a late breakfast here on a Tuesday afternoon. The hostess cheerfully seated us, and our server was friendly and attentive. It wasn't crowded at all, and the atmosphere was nice--open but comfortable, with lots of windows and light.We had coffee, the Sausage Skillet, and the Southern Benedict. Coffee was run-of-the-mill, but hot & plentiful. The Sausage Skillet tried hard to be a Fair Oaks Skillet (a la Willalby's) but was half the size, $1.50 more, and the hashbrowns (like everything else) were slightly undercooked and were obviously frozen/out of a bag. The gravy on the Southern Benedict was a sickly shade of brown, and thick, but gelatinous rather than creamy. All was edible, but nothing out of the common way.Overall not the worst experience ever, especially if you don't mind eating straight out of the Sysco truck. Probably convenient for folks using/frequenting the airfield, but not really worth driving out just to eat and watch a puddle jumper get a tune-up outside.
5	We were in Madison for a wedding and chose Pat O'Learys based off proximity and Yelp reviews. We were so glad we did! We liked it so much we came back the next morning. A unique dining experience being able to see all the small planes and hear the pilot talk among the patrons. And the first day we met both Pat and Pam as we were checking out, they were both so nice and shared stories with us about the small airport. The food is classic diner fare, and doesn't disappoint. Definitively recommend this place for both the food and the experience.
4	Great diner with the added benefit of being able to see planes land and take off!Went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. It's a bit of drive from the West Side, but worth it. Prices are reasonable and portions are generous. Service was great. Typical diner food, but all the prices are plane model numbers, which ads to the experience a bit I think.Best part are the giant windows that let you see the private terminal tarmac of the Dane County Regional Airport. We saw three or four planes land, taxi and take off during our hour meal.
4	Did you know that J. Pat O'Malley provided voice acting for many classic Disney films in the 1950s & 60s, including Alice in Wonderland, One Hundred and One Dalmatians, and The Jungle Book? He was also lauded for his character acting both on the Broadway stage and American TV/film after moving from his native England.As far as I know, the gentleman referenced above has absolutely no connection to one of the best named restaurants out there: Pat O'Malley's Jet Room. Any breakfast/brunch venue with a high quality skillet gets my beans a'boiling, and POMJR definitely boils my beans. Add in the potential entertainment value of witnessing airway disaster at any time and you have a recipe for a high quality morning that would make J. Pat O'Malley proud. Minus one star for no booze or high quality bloody (that I can recall)
4	Newer diner (was expecting older), great service with a neat view.  Food was very delicious but it's hard to swallow the price tags.  $9.50 for a BLT sandwich?  I guess you're paying for the view, which is kind of cool but I'd rather not pay double.  Was passing through - I live in Chicago where I understand establishments charge $$$ when dining out, but didn't think I'd see it in Wisconsin.  I recommend you Eat there once when you're don't mind paying more then you should.  We loved all the old pics on the wall and the original "Restaurant" neon sign hanging from the original diner that was once there.Oh and Shannon gave us excellent service!
1	We ordered two salads this morning and the waitress snarled at us, took our menus and through them on the front desk behind her.  Apparently the waitresses have to make the salads. At one point she told the table next to us when they were not ready, that she would be back then as I have to go make salads.  Based on this experience I will never make another cross country flight to KMSN nor would I recommend anyone go out of their way to only to be treated so poorly.
4	I agree the crab cake Benedict are delicious. Who gets big crab cakes for $9.99 with hashbrowns?!! For what you get, including the cool view, the price was worth it. Our server was also great.  She brought out pancakes with a candle on top because we were celebrating a little one's birthday.
