2	Poorly organized, run down buildings, unfriendly staff at every turn. I will try to stay away from this place as much as possible.
4	Great free museum of Arizona history.  Located walking distance from Wesley Bolin Memorial Park.  4 floors of political history along with Arizona historical items.  USS Arizona room, kids room on how bills are passed.  Antique displays of prior offices.
4	Took me over 30 years to visit.  I enjoyed all the memorials on the park grounds and the displays in the museum.
5	As an Arizona Native, I feel that anyone that lives in the state needs to visit the halls of state government at least once.  The Arizona State Capitol museum is free and the tours give you an amazing insight into how things used to be and why things are what they are (go and see).I was lucky enough to Arizona History in school (I don't know if that is even a requirement anymore, but it should be), so I've made the trek many a time before I became a state worker.  Now my visits are more for business.Make the trip, folks.  So much history, so many politics.
5	I've been to our State Capitol several times but the last time was the most impressive.  I had misplaced my notary stamp in a recent move and I had to get a new one in a pinch, this also required getting a copy of my license.  The Secretary of State, Ken Bennett's office handles the notary licensing so I made a mad dash for their office inside the Capitol when I got off work one day.  I had 30 minutes to get from Tempe to this office before they closed so I was very rushed and frazzled.  I left my truck in the parking lot at 4:58 and kicked off my heels so I could sprint across the street and lawn then into the building.  As soon as I opened the door, I was taken back by how "Arizona" this building is inside.  I was immediately transported back to childhood because the smell of the building and the decor was so much like the school and church buildings I went to as a child.  It's old school Arizona.  I've read the reviews and I understand how this building could come across as old and shitty but I'm telling you, if you're a native who loves our state, you'll totally get this place.  It's how Arizona was before beige stucco took over and it warmed my heart to be here.  I had been here before but I never appreciated its charm as much as I did this particular time when I was rushed and in no mood to reminisce.  There wasn't a single person in sight and so I kept my heels in my hand as I ran through the corridor.  When I could see the security guard and metal detector, I put my heels back on and told him what I was there for and he said I was too late, it was 5:00 already, I asked him to let me try anyway and he did!  When I approached the notary office, they were closed so I waited and caught two people leaving and I explained the situation and begged them to help.  It worked!  I was so grateful to them for helping me out and staying a few minutes late.  With the copy of my certificate in hand, I walked back and the security guard congratulated me on my negotiating skills.  I got a chance to look around on my way out and enjoy our State's Capitol for a bit.
5	As a native Arizonan I am just love the Capitol.   Sure the Frank Lloyd Wright plan would have been more progressive;  the Copper Dome is beautiful and makea me proud to me an Arizonan.  Working downtown allows me to see it daily and it is lovely.
