5	A very well run rescue.  Due to the influx of bunnies they received from an owner surrender, there are quite a few bunnies to choose from at this point!  All the pens are well maintained, and the bunnies are brushed and pampered here like they are one of their own pets.  They also have a store which has very high quality food, treats, toys, and litter at very reasonable prices.   If you adopt a bunny from them, they will clip their nails for free for life!  A very nice perk, since I loathe clipping pet nails.
5	Amazing place to adopt a bunny if you are looking too however they do not do same day adoptions. This allows people a chance to bond with a bunny that best suits their family. The wonderful staff can answer all your rabbit questions.  You can purchase many pet related products including hay, cat ,and dog food from their store.  They also have a wonderful re-sale store in which profits go to helping rescued bunnies. The re-sale store has glassware, art, jewelry, games, and much more. Tranqauility Trail is also a great place to volunteer so contact them for details.
5	The first thing you notice when you visit this no-kill sanctuary is how clean, peaceful and well organized it is. Every bunny is well cared-for and has a goodly amount of space for their pen thanks to efficient placement and organization. The staff and volunteers make it a point to know each bunny e.g. personalities, likes/dislikes, etc. to the point where they attach a diagram of bunny's pen layout (they like their dish over here, their hiding place over there, etc.) to the front of their pen so that volunteers know where everything goes when they clean the bunny's space. And every bunny gets groomed, petted, fed, watered, loved and properly tended. The staff and volunteers are dedicated to finding each bunny a happy and safe "forever home", and don't just give bunnies to anyone who asks. They make sure that you really want the bunny and will be able to take care of it as it deserves. Tranquility Trail Animal Sanctuary can and should serve as a model for all other animal rescues, as they truly love these creatures and are well-schooled in how to care for them and take time to answer any questions new bunny owners have. These bunnies are not just a bunch of homeless critters - They are all members of their bunny family. If you are looking for a bunny, please adopt one instead of buying one, and please give one of the many adorable bunnies from this sanctuary a chance to be a part of your family. Tranquility Trail also has a handy store on the premises that is well stocked with quality items you need for your bunny at prices significantly less than pet stores. And every penny goes directly back to the sanctuary bunnies I aopted my bunny from them and will do so again in the future. In Yelp-ese, 5 stars means "Woohoo! As good as it gets!", and it really, truly is.
5	We came to this sanctuary because my son missed his rabbit Fufu from his old preschool and I remembered Faith from Good Faith Casting sending out emails telling us how much she loved this place. I'm so glad I remembered and made the effort to come because Kelly is so wonderful and she truly loves all 74 of her bunnies. Plus I've learned so much about bunnies I never knew before!Here are facts about bunnies I never knew before (do you know these facts????):1.  Bunnies like to have lots of space to move around thus all the contained space at the sanctuary are 4'x4'2.  Bunnies are full of personalities and when they are in small cages as most of them are as home pets, they get depressed and will stop moving around. 3.  Bunnies don't like to be held. They like to get to know you thru time and once they like you, they will let you pet them. 4.  One bunny will bond strongly with another bunny and become bff's.5. If there is a cardboard between 2 areas, the bunnies don't like each other and will fight!6. When bunnies are in distress the cry they make sounds like a child crying!7. Bunnies loves dried apples- it's their absolute favorite!8.  They also like to chew on I think the wood is willow. 9.  They liked to be pet from the front of the face stroked back between the eyes and over their ears. 10.  They do not like high pitch noises. I'll leave you with ten and if you want to learn more interesting facts, stop by the sanctuary and talk to Kelly.  She really really knows her bunnies! It's truly interesting (oh no, the I love animal kingdom and I love learning facts side of me is coming out!)- truly I have learned so much about bunnies since coming here!The sanctuary is nestled between shops in a nondescript strip mall which took me by surprise because, well, I don't know what I was expecting since the only other times I've seen rabbits are at a pet store. When you walk in the space there is a retail area where you can buy gifts for the bunnies. The area where the bunnies are housed is after the retail area  and isbright and airy. Also very clean with cheerful decorations on the walls. The best part is the bunnies seem happy. Frankly, this sanctuary is a MUCH MUCH place to adopt a bunny than buying a bunny from a pet store as these bunnies are MUCH MUCH better taken care of by Kelly and her business partner. In fact, Kelly had told me the number one reason bunnies get abandoned is because most people don't understand bunnies and end up not properly taking care of them! Resulting in unhappy bunnies . . . If you adopt from Kelly, I can guarantee you she will happily share her vast bunny knowledge with you to insure a mutual happy relationship!The sanctuary also accepts sponsorships and volunteers. My son started off sponsoring Ringo from money he earned and now he wants to go through the orientation so he can start volunteering there on a weekly basis. I think this is a great way for a young child to learn the responsibilities of taking care of a pet.  And for us mamas and papas to spend some quality time with them. Kelly has a very active Facebook page with over 20,000 followers so there are followers who sponsors the bunnies from all over the world which I think is fantastic. My son and I truly enjoy coming here and we're looking forward to volunteering here and to learn more about bunnies. Truly amazzzzzing!Truly ;)#tranquilitytrail #sponsorship #volunteer #bunnies
5	Bunnies, bunnies how cute are thou? Especially after learning how each bunny really have their own personality!  And it's true- some love boys, some love kids, and some are divas!  So before you decide to adopt one, Tranquility Trail will have you volunteer at the sanctuary first where they will train you the proper way to care for your furry friend. When you do commit to adopt one bunny, you also have to adopt his bonded friend (although a few are bonified singles)- Tranquility Trail will provide to you FREE of charge a pen, 30 day supply of food and all the support you need to care for your bunnies. Incredible!  You also have to sign a contract agreeing to provide an excellent forever home. With this kind of support and amazing kindness, adopting a bunny (ies) from here makes sooo much more sense than buying one from a pet store. Truly!!!
5	Bunnies, bunnies everywhere bunny. My son and I have started to volunteer here and not having grown up with pets I don't know who is more shy- me or the bunnies. I'm ecstatic to share though that I've gotten over my initial discomfort and petted a few of the bunnies!!!!Tranquility Trail is a very peaceful and low key place. The moment you open the door there is soft music playing and you can take your time cleaning out the bunny cages. My son and I like to talk and play with the bunnies while we clean and we also enjoy talking to the other regular volunteers there. Bunnies really do have their own personalities as I'm learning. It would make a lot of sense but when most of the bunnies are kept in small cages, there isn't a lot of room to jump (get the pun?) for joy!  This is also a great place to teach litte ones about love and care in a non intimidating environment. And hands down the best place to adopt a bunny. Yelp has incredible search engine mojo so I hope any time someone does a search for bunny info, my reviews on Tranquility Trail pops right up. Oh, psst, Tranquility Trail is plenty busy on weekends with volunteers but could use some more volunteers during the week. I find it very relaxing in there. Have a couple of hours or two to spare, give Kelly a call and sign up for volunteer orientation!!!!
1	As others have stated, it's wonderful to work with bunnies and learn to care for them.  My high schooler started going there to earn community service hours and she loved taking care of the bunnies and learning their personalities.  She loved it so much she overbooked herself and had to send an email (as requested) to change her schedule.  She received a response email thanking her for letting them know.  The next time she went in to volunteer, she was chastised for NOT letting them know and that she couldn't come back if it happened again. When she stated that she had sent an email and received a response, she was told they never got it!  A few weeks later, we had a schedule conflict so I called them since emailing didn't work.  I was told that my  daughter should email them about the cancellation and when I explained what happened before, she said that she was given the wrong date (huh?). Then she said that my daughter was obviously 'not a good fit'. Must be nice to have so many volunteers that you can kick someone out for doing what they were told to!  Overall, nice working with the animals but the people in charge are rude, condescending, and completely unreliable.
