5	I absolutely love Hay sushi! This wasn't always the case. My 1st time there, I wasn't very impressed,... the food was decent but the lack of spark & atmosphere kind of ruined it for me. After coming back a few times & trying a lot more on the menu, I realised that the food is just fantastic & the other things can be over looked!The restaurant itself seems a little too big for the amount of customers it gets,... which always makes it look empty!! Not the most appealing sign to welcome someone in, but I think it is just too many chairs & tables! Anyway, down to the really important stuff... the food! The food is fab, you get free wasabi peas at the start & mints at the end too, very cute! They have a fab range of sushi, sashimi, cooked meats, bento boxes, noodles... you name it! The menu is REALLY easy to follow & simple to order, it has lots of pictures too... always seem to tempt me & boyfriend into buying more! The best thing is the choice of maki rolls...not just your standard ones, they have a huge range of creative exciting large rolls, mostly made to tempt a Western sushi palate. Try the ocean roll....yumm!!! my mouth is watering just thinking about it! Also the simple avocado rolls are always perfect, you get loads.Money wise its fairly average, you do get 10% off if you take away too.Service is decent, not too attentive - they sort of leave you be so depends on what you like. Personally I don't like to be pestered while i'm eating.So... all in all I would come here for a nice quick bite, take away and to try some new flavours... but would recommend somewhere else for a long dining experience or special occasion
4	pretty good udon in pretty sweet soup, with veggies, inari skins (sweet bean curd), and pieces of meat (just okay). not the most authentic Japanese taste but the food's decent-operated by Chinese people, I think
4	We ordered for delivery and were very happy with the food. For a Friday the delivery was quick and our food arrived warm and tasty. We ordered our food over the phone (you can do it online) and they were very accommodating to me altering some of the menu items. You can't always get that type of customer service in places that deliver. The food was absolute quality and we are so stoked to have found another amazing place that delivers food straight to our door!
1	Got lost looking for Kanpai and found this place instead. Ick.
4	Hay Sushi served up a perfectly delicious sushi/sashimi bento box. I didn't have any issue with quality of the fish - it felt and tasted fresh enough to me. The miso soup was some of the best in a town where my main experience of miso has been rather... flavourless in other restaurants, even ones where I have raved about the rest of the food. Service was restrained, and could be seen as slow, but for me it was fine. I had 40mins to order, eat, pay and walk to my appointment, and I made it all in plenty of time without rush. Would I be happy to return to Hay Sushi again? Perfectly!
4	Been in Scotland for awhile and craving for sushi. Though this is not the best sushi place so far since I have been spoiled by the authentic cuisine. But hey! I can say this is one of the best sushi i have taste in UK. The tempura is well cooked, crispy and not too oily. My fav dish is salmon rose, gotta order everytime I visit.  Oh! There is a discount if you bring student card
