3	Ever since the office Keurig broke I have been forced to find another means for coffee.  I've been here 3 times so far:Visit #1 - 2 cars ahead of me - took about 10 minutes and I considered just driving away but decided to stick it throughVisit #2 - 0 cars waiting so I was in and out in like 1 minute.  It was perfect.Visit #3 - 1 car ahead of me.  Took over 10 minutes so I drove away.With that said my tip to you is this:  If there are any cars waiting then just drive away because you may be waiting there all day.I don't know if it is me or what, but I think waiting 10+ minutes for coffee is ridiculous.  This isn't Starbucks with 27 cars in line.  With just 1 or 2 cars this place grinds to a halt.  I don't know what the problem is.  My guess is that they offer 75 things on the menu.  Tons of coffee drinks, smoothies, sandwiches, etc.  They need to trim their offerings down 90% and only offer the basics to get people in and out ASAP.Hopefully my Keurig will be fixed soon but this place comes in handy if there is nobody waiting or you have the patience of a saint.
4	Yes this place is growing on me.  I guess they had a rough couple days but now the place seems to be a bit faster.  I've had to go several more times because my Keurig is still on the fritz.The people working there are always very nice and friendly.  My only gripe is that I only sometimes get a chocolate covered espresso bean atop my coffee lid.  It is a nice treat but I can't determine how they decide when you get one and when you don't . . . .
4	No queue, good coffee, great prices, excellent customer service! I could even sit and sip my coffee up close and personal with the foothills. Glad I stopped by, and hope to visit again soon.
4	Stumbled upon this after lunch one day.  The lady who took our order was very friendly & their menu was pretty interesting, I just went with an iced coffee & a shot of espresso over ice, it was $2.50 for both drinks, not bad at all.  The drinks came with a chocolate espresso bean on top of the lid, cute.  Next time I'm in the area I'll be stopping by again to try some other drinks out.
