5	Glorious day!  Cookout makes its way near south Charlotte and is better than ever.  If you've been to cookout previously, you might be familiar with the drive-thru set-up which was always the biggest annoyance for me.  I love the idea of super cheap food with amazing side items, but was driven away by the lack of indoor seating to provide me with warmth, rain cover, and lots of free soda refills.  Well Cookout heard my cries and built a mega Cookout in Pineville filled with dozens of seats and 2 full soda machines.  Hallelujah!If you've never been to cookout, here's the run-down.  For $4.69, you get an entree (typical fast food fare and more - burgers, spicy chicken sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, chicken quesadilla), a soda, and the super kicker - 2 sides from an incredible list of choices.  We're talking about a corn dog, a cajun chicken wrap, more chicken quesadilla, chicken nuggets and so much more.  Of course you've got your standard fried fare like onion rings, fries, even hush puppies. It's like 2 meals in one.  For less than five frickin dollars.  Considering combos at mcdonalds and taco bell are now $7 these days, it's the best value in fast food, bar none.  The food itself isn't particularly remarkable but perfectly satisfying.  And for $1 more, you can switch out your drink for a milkshake, choosing from about 40 different flavors that they're happy to mix and match for you.  For instance, my recent personal creation was a cappucino peanut butter fudge shake.  Delicious!  If you've never had the pleasure, I'd recommend you come on by.  The Pineville cookout has plenty of room for you.
4	A few years ago I was skeptical to all the hype around CookOut. Now I understand why!The food is good. The menu is huge. Plenty of options available depending upon your cravings. And don't get me started on the milkshakes! Over 40 flavors available. I have yet to have a flavor I didn't like. To date, my go-to flavor is "Chocolate Cobbler!"Great location! Very nice inside. Plenty of parking with the adjacent shopping center.
5	Damn! Came in hungry at 11 at night, and was greeted with super-friendly service, and the cashier picked out some winners for me from the combo menu.  She nailed it - awesome cup of chili, perfect hush puppies and a barbecue sandwich that's better than a fast good joint should have.  Papa's sleeping well tonight.One thing tho...are the bug zappers inside for decoration? Hope so....
4	Food and service are both very good. Combo menu is hard to beat. This location has indoor seating.
5	So glad cookout is here!!! By far the best lunch deal in pineville and food totally blows the competition out of the water. Since they have opened here I have not gone anywhere else for lunch.  Service is great and they always aim to please. Keep up the incredible work!
5	Great value.  This location is actually located in Pineville, NC.  However, the map is correct.  :). Extensive menu.  Most will find something they like.
4	The first Cookout that I've been to that has an actual dining room, which was different. I was going to just hit the drivethrough for a milkshake but the line was long and it was looking quite slow. Heading inside was the right move - I was back in my car and only a couple of people had been helped.Peach milkshake = yum!
3	This is my second visit to this cookout which is right across from the hospital. My aunt ordered her burger without mustard and received it otherwise, they quickly fixed the mistake and even brought the food to our table, excellent job. This is also the first one I been to with an actually dine-in area and outside seating. Typical cookout nothing really different except that; 40+ milkshakes, burgers and hotdogs!
