5	We have three cats (two 8 months old and one 2.5 years old) and we take them all to this Banfield Hospital, and we have been pretty happy with the attention they get.The first time I took one of our youngsters, Hazelnut, to them, it was an emergency. Her ear was bitten. They were about to close, but they treated our kitten and provided antibiotics.Next time we visited was a couple of months later, and it was again due to the same condition on Hazelnut's ear. She had two different antibiotics and had a surgery on the ear (from or in different hospitals/clinics), but abscess remained and discharging continued. The bitten ear remained open for months.In our second visit, doctor showed great interest and discussed the condition with his colleagues. He suggested trying a third antibiotic, which treated drained the abscess within days and the ear finally recovered. We were so happy to see our kittens ear recover from a bite after months.We then put all of our cats on their wellness plan, and it has been very useful and economical (around $60 per month in total for 3 cats). For a few months, we visited this hospital at least once a week, and still go there a couple of times per month. Doctors always show close attention, do their best to understand the condition, discuss it with their colleagues, and discuss all possible options with us. I would recommend their plan for all, especially for kittens, who may need frequent medical attention.
5	When we adopted our 10 year old cairn terrier i brought her to Banfield. We knew she needed her teeth cleaned and that she may have had other health issues so we bought the yearly package that includes teeth cleaning. It turned out that she did in fact have a couple of issues so we were glad we purchased the package. It has actually saved us money. At the teeth cleaning the vet had to remove 3 teeth which was extra but the cost was nominal compared to other vets. They treated her with professionalism and kindness. These folks cover all the bases. They stay on top of shots, problems, concerns, and answer all my questions. I have the utmost confidence in Banfield. We have had dogs for over 20 years and been to a lot of vets. This is the place to trust the care of our beloved pets to.
1	I very rarely write reviews on Yelp, but I have been completely disappointed in the service and care of Banfield Pet Hospital. After moving here in January, I took my dog here on 3 occasions- two comprehensive exam appointments and one follow-up for a vaccine. All 3 were scheduled in advance. The first appointment I waited over 45 minutes before being seen. The second appointment, which was a simple vaccine that they told me would take 10 minutes, I waited almost an hour. For the third appointment, a comprehensive exam, I was told that I could drop her off and pick her up 2-3 hours later. We scheduled a drop-off time for 9:00 am, which I discovered was a joke- they scheduled everyone for a drop-off time at 9:00 am, and there was only one person present to check in numerous people. I waited over 20 minutes just to check her in. When I left they told me they would call me when she was ready. At 3:00 pm  (3 hours past what they said pick-up would be), I called. They said that she was still not ready. They did not call me until 4:00, when they told me that she was ready and I could pick her up between 4:15 and 5. Trying to prevent yet another extended wait, I arrived at 4:30. Upon arrival, I was told that she was still not ready. I waited another 15-20 minutes before they finally brought her out. If I felt as though my pet was getting outstanding treatment it might be one thing, but the care my dog has received there has been average at best, and the utter lack of respect they have for their customers' time has been beyond frustrating. They are always trying to sell you something without listening to what the actual, practical needs of your pet are. I will not be returning to Banfield Pet Hospital.
1	Go elsewhere.  Corporate black hole of customer service.  Rotating staff offers no personal care but rather corporate sales pitches. Long waits in small rooms with no cell service.  This is the negative review I have ever written, but as I have run out of options all I can do is help prevent others from going through this scam. I was enrolled under the $30/mo care wellness plan, which offers some discounts, but does not come close to covering everything. I cancelled last month since I was generally unhappy with the prices and service I received here but was told my plan would be good through Oct.  I had one last appointment to finish my dog's shots today which was to be covered under my year's plan.  Today, 30 mins before the appointment, I received a call stating that my plan was cancelled at midnight last night/today and that the shots today would not be covered at an additional cost of $120+.  I attempted to explain to several employees that Banfield did the scheduling and that today's shots were explicitly covered under my plan, hence the date.  They offered to fix this if I signed up for another year of wellness plan which I declined.  Their customer service was completely unhelpful and I was disconnected twice after going spending an hour+ on their phone trees.  The final solution was that I left a voicemail on somebody's machine.  Awful all around.
1	My bank sent me a new debit card so my payment was declined.  I work in two states and am very busy.  I did not even know what my monthly payments were.  I never gave a second thought or even looked at the charge.  Banfield had the nerve to turn me into collections.  I paid the 45 dollars and will never do business with them again.  I probably would have let them have charged me for another 10 years for simple peace of mind.  I will never shop at that pet smart or use banfield again.  Bad business.  I  got multiple calls monthly from the staff trying to generate teeth cleaning business but when it comes credit reporting .... Nada Very offensive. To top things off I told all of my friends about the service I thought it was great but now forget it.  With service like this that business is in trouble.
