3	3.5 StarsEvery clerk there is friendly.  Nothing fancy here.  It will fill your needs for water and ice.  They sell Thrifty's ice cream by the scoop or by the prepackages quart.  They also sell raspados (Mexican shaved ice) with many flavors, pickles, chips, popcorn, candy (both Mexican and American), gum and calling cards.  I think I covered it all...oh yeah they sell water dispensers too.  If you're looking for water and ice every supermarket plaza has one.  Where Water Works stands apart is their customer service.  Luckily for me I do not have to drive out of my way to go here but would if I needed to.
3	Simple and small, haven't tried their water or ice yet buy have had a double scoop of butter pecan ice cream. The shop keep was a nice mexican guy who seemed to run the joint with his older son. I'll have to go back more before I can give them a truly insightful review. One point, the floor space is kind of empty, could be used for more point of sale merch, also their walls are equally bare, I understand the whole white is clean and pure and it reflects on our water and ice. But you are not a hospital, add a splash of color or a little more modernization to your shop. Maybe offer free wifi or tables and chairs outside under the misters. What Starbucks does for coffee you can do for water and ice, I'm just saying.
5	Ashley is really awesome she is always with a smile and ready to help out her Client. Your really awesome. Thats why i and my work company love coming here. Because of your customer service you do
5	Great old time ice cream shop from the '20s. Rumor has it that it was frequented by Al Capone. The hot fudge is pretty amazing and tastes like condensed hot chocolate goodness. Definitely a place to try this summer when it hot and probably for some hot chocolate when it's cold.
3	This is a small family owned business so I'll give them that but... They have Hawaiian shaved ice and snowball advertised. I asked what the difference was and was told by the owner that it was that the snowball included a scoop of ice cream at the bottom but it was still shaved ice. Ok so we ordered two snowballs, to our disappointment this was NOT shaved ice.  Far from it, it was a plain snow cone. You know the kind that has thick chunks of ice that you must crunch while eating.     This Is FALSE advertisement. Shaved ice is the ultra thin ice that melts in your mouth, not the chunky one. To their defense, it was good but for the type of ice served it was expensive.   Another issue was that while we were ordering, the other cashier was serving a lady ice cream on a cone. When she received it, she licked it for a couple of minutes while her son ordered his. She then decided she wanted more so she asked for another scoop. To my surprise the cashier complied and took the cone back and served her another scoop on top of the one she had already licked. Talk about CROSS CONTAMINATION. Gross. We won't return to this location, there are plenty of others.
