5	I have to agree with Lisa K.  This Dairy Queen is excellent.  I had a coupon for a free Blizzard and this is the closest one to my home so off we went.  This one is located in the strip mall where Phoenix Palace Buffet is on Dobson.  It's kind of tucked away next to a Yoga studio in the corner.We were warmly greeted the minute we walked in and served quickly.  My daughter told the woman that her birthday was coming up and she instantly put her on a list for a free birthday blizzard.  Nice!  We all know Blizzards are full of fat and sugar but the darn things are so good, who can resist!!  I tried the Pumpkin Pie Blizzard and it was delish!!  I love all things pumpkin though so if that's not your thing, my daughter had the cookie dough and she gave it two thumbs up!!  She said there were big chunks of cookie dough in it and that was a-ok in her book!It's nice when you get great service at a little fast food joint.  Usually that's not the case.  Kudos to this one for being different in a good way!
3	Nice ppl and good service. But no chocolate ice cream...really?   We only go there because they were the ONLY ones around who still have chocolate ice cream--and one of the workers assured me that would continue because the boss was really big on chocolate.Went in today--none. Only on the weekends, the guy said. No clue why the boss changed it. SUPPOSEDLY ppl don't ask for it during the week. Well, we did. And according to the workers, lots of ppl ask for it all week long; as a matter of fact, another DQ sent us there, knowing that they were the ONLY DQ around still serving chocolate ice cream.FYI great workers; quite nice, and friendly, and helpful.  BUT--it's in a strip mall and not on the end, so no drive-thru.  My son signed up for the birthday club and they called him and gave him a month to come get his free treat. Nice.  But still, no chocolate is a big thing for me, and since I'm driving, we probably won't be going too much anymore unless he wants vanilla.
5	I love this place but the ac is broken and my icy cream was melted by the time I got out the door.  No joke more of it on my hands than my mouth. Sucks its hot in az and the ac broke but they shouldn't have been selling ice cream.  I just feel bad for the employees working in that heat
