4	Got the combination and the crackin flavor was perfect. Everything tasted great and can't wait to try again. The only issue we had was the shrimp seemed to be over cooked and were hard to peel, and the crawfish were small and hardly any meat whichmade them hard to peel too.
4	Finally a decent crawfish joint in Charlotte!! Good food, nice atmosphere and conveniently located in the university area. Of course they just opened and they got a few things to work out in terms of service and food. But overall I had a great experience, the spiciness needs to be upped more I think. Besides that, it's good and the price is right... Though not sure if 75 cents for a little sausage was worth it, but for the kind of food they serve, it's good.
5	I've recently discovered this place and  I'm sold. My boyfriend told me that this is the only crawfish place in Charlote (isnt that sad?) so I was very curious to try it out. We decided to order the crackin combo --1lb of crawfish, clams and shrimp in the crackin sauce. The flavor was on point. Very buttery, garlicky and a slight kick to it. Great combination of flavors! Just a side note, the crawfish comes out piping hot so take caution. I cant complain, and I am sadly addicted.
3	Tried this new spot out tonight. They are clearly very new and still working things out. Tried to order a beer when i sat down but they do not have their license yet.  Bummer. Service was very friendly and prompt.  Helpful in explaining the menu choices and how the various combinations worked. Over all i found the service very good. Example:  i ordered a half dozen raw oysters to start. They brought a dozen. When i pointed out the error, i was immediately offered the choice of keeping the order as delivered at the price for only what i ordered. Very pleasant and accommodating about it. And the oysters were very good too. Would have loved a beer with them though. For my entree i ordered a whole lobster in the Crackin' sauce with corn on the cob and roasted potatoes. The lobster is priced by the pound and comes from a live tank. I was impressed that the server came and told me the lobster selected weighted 1.25 pounds and the total price. She confirmed my acceptance of this and confirmed this with the kitchen before they cooked it. The lobster, corn, and potatoes were served all together in a plastic bag with the sauce.  I had never been to a restaurant that served like this but i was told this is the Cajun style. So i went with the flow. Everything was piping hot and cooked to perfection. But what a mess. Shells and sauce flying all over. Good thing i accepted the offered bib!  But to be honest, kind of fun. Dig in and go for it!  The Crackin sauce was delish. In summary, all the food was terrific and the service was great. Nice people that really seem to be trying for a success. I think they will reach that goal. I would have given more stars but the lack of beer is a no-no for me. Especially with this type of food. But that will be fixed soon and i know i will be back. Good stuff.
2	It's not that great. We got the Korean bbq plate, snow crab legs, mussels and two lbs of crawfish, mellow and crackin. There was just so much gooey seasoning that I couldn't really taste the food underneath. The Korean bbq was really good though. Everything is given to you in a bag and you just make a mess all over the table with the shells, which was a little unappealing to me. The seasoning was just a gooey, slimy mess dumped over everything, crackin wasn't very spicy, and mellow was pretty bland. I wish I had just gotten everything plain. I'm actually contemplating going home and rinsing all my leftovers off. Anyway, our waitress was a really sweet girl, but I don't feel like she actually knew how to be a waitress. I also felt a little uneasy as the owner stood behind the bar watching me throughout the entire meal as if I were stealing something. In all, I don't think I will come back again, and if I do, I will be sure to order everything plain.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars but I think after they get fully ramped up they'll make 5. I'm delighted to see a crawfish place in Charlotte, and in the University area even more. The seafood was very fresh and the sauce we had (Crackin' sauce) on it was delicious with chunks of fresh garlic and spicy, gooey goodness that you just have to lick off your fingers again and again. If you have ever had a Cajun boiling pot (similar to a low country boil) and loved it this is for you. If you don't like eating seafood covered in flavorful sauces with your fingers after it was dumped out on the table.. well.. there's always Red Lobster for you to go to. They supply bibs, which you can wear if you like, but really a good seafood boil kind of makes you feel like you need a shower afterward - and this definitely fit that description. We had 1 lb. each snow crab (there were no blue or Dungeness available yet, but they are on the menu), crawfish and clams all covered in this wonderfully spicy Crackin' sauce has a nice level of heat, spicy and flavorful without killing your tastebuds. If you like less spice there's the Mellow and if you like more there's the Extremely Crackin'. I think I will want to try the mellow sauce next, if for no other reason than it is their base sauce and I'd like to see how close it is to the garlic crabs that used to be served at Hole In The Wall Crab Shack, but that will have to wait until they have blue crabs. I'm also looking forward to trying the Korean barbecue, but I have a hard time turning away a good seafood boil so I'm not sure when that will happen.
1	Upset with the lack of customer service and professionalism. You can tell they are definitely very new and were unprepared for the market. Not to mention didn't have alcohol to sell. The wait staff was clearly unsure of their own menu and availability of food items. Made a reservation for a birthday party with a reserved amount of crawfish promised by the owner. Turns out they're a Crawfish restaurant with no crawfish... All I can say is they lost my business.
5	New CrawFish place in NC just open!!!!Food is very tasting and service is excellent !! Finally a good place to eat!!! :) I recommend this place  all my family and friends to come and enjoy.
5	Definitely try this place! Went for lunch as I work near by and enjoyed it. Wouldn't have tried had a co-worker not forced me to but I'll be going back. I even ventured out and tried the crawfish. While there's not a lot of meat on them, they are delicious. I'm pretty grossed out by cracking into stuff but it wasn't bad. Go for it! Corn on the cob was the best by far!! Lots of sauces to choose from to have your delicacies cooked in. Check this place out.
2	I'm a huge fan of Crawfish Boil with a Vietnamese take, and Charlotte surprisingly lacks in the crawfish boil department in general. So when I saw a picture on instagram about this place even before it opened, I was really looking forward to checking it out. Turned out I was not happy with my experience! The combo A was definitely not 3 pounds! Or they probably weighted the corns and potatoes and sausages in that 3 pounds too because I had the same combo at Boiling Crab and Kicking Crab all the time and definitely had a lot more than what I got here. The crawfish was probably the size of your thumbs, why is that though, we are not that far away from Louisiana! Most of the clams were just empty shells. I asked for substitution (what we always do at BC and KC) but they didn't have that option. The bag needed more sauce for sure as well. All and all I wasn't impressed, and didn't feel like I got my money worth. It is a new establishment so I hope they will get better, but i don't see myself coming back.
3	Everyone that I know was hating on this place so I had to try it out myself! I'm used to home-cooking boils-- this whole *bib on* kinda thing was a new experience. (yes, whenever I went to the West Coast or Texas I never went to a crawfish place!!)I got one pound of crawfish, one pound of clams and each side item to put in my bag with Crackin' seasoning. It was definitely creole but with a sweet buttery taste which my girls and I enjoyed. The spiciness kept getting kicked up a notch with each bite which is expected. The crawfish, itself, weren't the biggest but I don't think it was minuscule like some people were ranting about. Ps, the fries are BOMB.I will be back to write another review when the crawfish are bigger. Maybe some things will change but for Charlotte, this place is pretty good.
2	My wife has been wanting to visit this restaurant so I took her for Mother's Day I wasn't too impressed when you walk in the door there's no one to greet you and you don't know whether to just take a seat or wait to be seated the menu is somewhat confusing and not too many options there's no kids menu at all $4 for an order of french fries WOW we wanted to eat there however in good conscience we could eat there knowing that our 2 year old son wouldn't have anything other than French fries to eat so we left before ordering anything I'm looking forward to going back and I keep trying the food this time I'll get a babysitter first
4	For Charlotte, this is a nice new edition to the seafood restaurant scene. I love crawfish and seafood in general so when this place opened up I was super excited. All I can say is "YUM!" The Good: -The sauce they use is amazing. It is gooey, thick, slightly sweet, with a hit of spice. -The seafood tastes fresh. -I ate there 20 minutes before closing and the staff stayed 30 minutes past closing to accommodate my friends and I. Talk about customer service, most businesses would give you the awkward evil eye or refuse to serve you. Love them for doing that for us!The Bad:-My fiance ordered the Korean BBQ plate and it was lacking in both flavor and portion. They give you scrawny pieces of meat but a huge mound of rice. Do not order that!Overall, I love this place because I can eat good in a relaxed environment. If sauce splashes here and there, no problem you have a bib! lol....Reminds me of summer seafood boils I would have with my family in the backyard. Beer and seafood, bare bones kinda place.... :)
1	I love crawfish and I was so disappointed coming here. The crawfish was so small I can barely get any meat out. We also had oyster the size of a quarter. Will I come back? No. I rather go to razzoo's Cajun cafe.
5	We drove from Fayetteville to eat at this place. Great service and amazing food. Was nice to see the variety of people eating here. If you are familiar with the boiling crab it's pretty similar to that restaurant.  Like the reviews say the crawfish is a little small. But I don't see that as a big deal.
1	Visited this place  and thought I would go for oysters and crab legs for my son and myself... Well, my opinion of the menu is severely over priced. Perhaps bc there are to many seafood spots in the university area the owner feel these prices are acceptable...as a business owner and lover of seafood the prices are horrible... Next, we ordered 1lb of snow crab (which came on a plastic bag) which makes me wonder their process of steaming them).. The 2 skimpy claws was drenched in minced garlic which altered the flavor and authenticity of the crab meat. I ordered the grilled/steamed oysters (they came with what appeared to be bacon & a load of of green onions) which those items are not listed on the menu as I'm allergic to green onions... Under the pile of onions laid a puny sized oyster the size of a dime... I sent those back and took raw oysters... The served returned with raw oysters and those were the bottom of the barrel oysters... Even in their raw state, they were not to be consumed unless you wanted to get sick....  I asked for the check and told the server I will NOT be eating those and that I would pay for them either way. But getting sick wasn't an option. She took them off and I made up for it in her tip...This place gives you a low budget Joe's Crab Shack quality food with McCormick and Schmick pricing.  There aren't many items that come on a plate. You eat out the bag and on the paper rolled out on the table... The server was nice although she couldn't tell me what some of the items on the menu where like breaded round shrimps (yep that's how they spelled shrimp on the menu)... Come to find out, it's simply popcorn shrimp...  I suggest the owner should research the seafood market a little more and determine how long they wish to remain on business... I would love to patronize them bc they are close to me but I don't enjoy wasting my money...
5	I took an out of town friend to this place and she had a great time! Its a very unique experience ( you get down and dirty with bibs, sauces, lemons, etc) and also quite fun!  As far as the food goes, we got the combo with their  special sauce and it it was perfection!  We had crawfish ( i think they are too much work for too little meat), crab/clam and of course sausage/corn/potatoes. I like that there are other options( e.g. Rice plates etc) if youre not up for peeling crawfish or other seafood items.
4	Delicious and friendly.  I like the low country boil.  After some experimentation we have found getting the crayfish and the sausage in the boil makes the flavors change pretty significantly.  The last time we got just the crab and it was not as tasty, got a pound of the crayfish to go and it was great.  We'll probably stick with the shrimp and crayfish boil as it seems to be the best for flavor and value.  The staff is always very friendly and accommodating.  Really sweet with kids too.  Bring your own crayons and the kids can draw on the butcher paper while they wait.
4	I understand the name now the sauce is like crack. I was soaking everything up with it. Dipping my shrimp, and potatoes in it. I want them to bottle it up. I think it can go on everything. I got the mild flavor. Hair in a ponytail because of my much needed bib.
5	I had to drive about 2 hrs just to get to this place but I was excited despite it having some of the ratings. With family in the west coast I've been addicted to "boiling crab" & "crab hut." So to find this on my trip to Charlotte was exciting. We got there at 530pm on a Saturday and we were a group of 4. There were about 5 other tables seated. Pretty busy but not as busy when we were leaving. Immediately when I got there I already knew what I wanted because I went on there site. Combo 3 which had 1 lb snow crabs 1 lb Clams 1 lb crawfish and 1 lb shrimp. I shared with my wife as usual and ordered it with lemon pepper and mellow sauce. Being asian we had to have it with rice so we could poor some of the sauce onto it. YUM!! 20 minutes later they got out bibs, gloves , bucket and napkin the excitement started kicking in. It took about another 10 minutes for them to bring it out. We threw down. I love going to these places because with us using our hands we sat there and talked all night. No one was on their phone texting or on a social media app it was just talking face to face with people. We didn't leave till about 7pm and it got busy with groups. But luckily most of us who were in there were about to eat. They had chairs for people to sit while they wait and they also had an outside seating which I thought was pretty cool. They have a bar where could sit at.The wait staff and owner definitely came over to make sure if we needed anything and just talked to us. Found out she was from cali. This place is definitely still new from what the owner said it opened up in February. From the time we left you could tell this place will be busy. Can't wait to go back!
5	Fresh seafood and amazing flavor!My friend and I shared a dozen raw oysters and the boiled shrimp, corn, and potatoes in the "extreme crackin'" flavoring.  Solid cajun flavor and substantial heat/spice.  The oysters and shrimp were extremely fresh.  Staff were very nice and helpful.  Great experience!!!
3	My hubby and I visited the "crackin" for the first time on a Friday night.  It was my birthday.  We ordered the combo number 3. We subbed out rice for potatoes with no problem!!. The food was...good. This issue we had was with the crawfish. We knew we are not in season. (That is springtime) but we were hoping for some good frozen or farmed replacements.   The other items in our combo were VERY GOOD!! I liked that you were given the option to have the shrimp cooked with the heads on!  The crab legs were excellent and the spice mixture they use to season is awsome but be forewarned...mellow is still SPICY.  We did complain about the crawfish and were given a discount that we appreciated.  The service was good but could be a problem if it was much busier. We would definetly return for the crab legs and when the crawdads are IN SEASON!! BOTTOM LINE IT WAS MESSY BUT A FUN BIRTHDAY, THANKS CRACKIN!!!
