5	Excellent food.... Love the crunch roll!
5	I absolutely love this place. Killer Crunch Roll.
4	Keeping it simple, Yogis Grill is an excellent choice if you're in the mood for sushi or other popular Japanese dish (albeit Americanized), but don't have the time or money to eat at a fancy Japanese grill.  The 4-Star rating is not comparing it to a high end sushi/Japanese restaurant, but rather comparing it to others in its own class.The service was great; we weren't rushed.  The facility is well kept and clean.  We got our food in a few minutes after ordering, which is a huge plus over the typical 15 minute wait for sushi.The food was surprisingly good.  We ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl and two different sushi rolls.  Honestly, it wasn't bad!  Here's what kept it from being a 5-Star (in its class):The soysauce was watered down and the wasabi was weak.  Overall, a surprisingly good expereince for a fast food Japanese restaurant.  I'm sure I'll find myself here again when I'm in the mood and in a rush.
5	Just because this place is in a strip mall and is technically fast food, doesn't mean it's not the best chicken teriyaki bowl in town! I have only tried the chicken teriyaki bowl and each time, it's the best I've ever had. Wonderful sauce---not too sweet and superbly grilled chicken.Every time I come out this way, I make place to stop in for lunch or dinner.Best $7.50 you'll ever spend on a bowl and drink.Nice staff too.Someday, I will try their sushi.
4	Yogis is a great place to get some delicious teriyaki places and they also have a pretty good spicy California roll.  The prices are good and the place is always clean.  The service is okay...the cashier can be a little nicer but all in all...I'm a total fan.
4	I stopped here for dinner last night and it was really enjoyable! We got a little too much food - a Spicy California roll, a Dragon roll, the Arizona bowl, gyoza and their croquette - but it was all very good. I appreciated being able to get my sushi fix without having to drive further or go to a more expensive restaurant, and the Arizona bowl was really delicious.The way they serve the food in disposable containers does seem a little wasteful because of all the trash they generate. I can understand it being handy to take food home without getting a separate container, but they cut off the lids to the larger meal size containers anyway, making it impossible to do so. I think they could be a little "greener" and maybe even save some money by using less plasticware.Overall, definitely a place I will return to!
4	Almost at the junction of the Superstition, San Tan and Red Mountain freeways (60 / 202) . A good place for a casual business meeting.  Park south of the main entrance, not in the main lot.  Lots of posters on the walls explaining the major categories of food served.  Three of us had four kinds of sushi.  Compliments all around.  Excellent plate of veggie sushi.  Artistically decorated with Teriyaki, avocado ripe, cucumber crisp, rice just right.  I like Wasabi opening my sinuses, forcing me to take a deep breath.  Wasab, behind its tiny "green leaf" dam is mild to me.  Enjoyed the ginger with every bite.    Nice premises, tucked away in the SW corner of the strip mall behind Starbucks.  They seemed to have a drive-through menu, but the only serving window was the coffee place.
1	Staff not all that friendly, prices way too high for what you get. I'll pay a little more for a real sushi experience. Sorry to all of those who like it, but this place is not what I had hoped based on reviews. :(
4	Love coming here for thier food, been coming for the last 3 yrs.. just wish the prices were a bit lower
4	Love their sushi here..always fresh, Yogis has a good lunch special Chicken Teriaki bowl with a drink for $6.99 .. It's a must try
5	Love the sushi! Great lunch time place.
5	If you work/live anywhere in Mesa, this is the Go-To place for lunch. I have been here numerous times and each time the quality of the food amazes me. I get their Chicken lunch bowl specials (substitute white meat for $1 extra) with a drink for $9.The portion is generous, with freshly grilled chicken on a bed of the best white rice I have had outside of a fine-dining restaurant. All of this topped in a sweet teriyaki sauce. In one word, it is amazing! Add on some Sriracha sauce and a touch of soy sauce and for the next 12-15 minutes, your stomach and face will be smiling.If this is your first time going, try their lunch specials and go from there. Their sushi is also fresh, but not my number choice if I have a craving for it. Their Katsu plate is also dynamite (thinly sliced fried chicken strips with a Katsu sauce on the aforementioned white rice.I highly recommend this place as a hangout spot with friends or a casual date. Did I mention the White Rice is amazing?
1	Customer service is non-existent. TINY PORTIONS and HIGH PRICES. I have been several times and they have yet to get my order right on the first attempt.
4	This place is perfect for a casual sit down lunch the food it always fresh and correct. The people are friendly and comfortable. My fav is the teriyaki  bowl, but I have yet to eat something there that isn't good... Located tucked away in the back of the shopping center makes it feel like your own little secret every time you go
1	We had the Chicken Teriyaki brown rice bowl. The rice was mushy, and it smelled and tasted bad, we won't go back.
2	Too expensive for what it is. Food is not all that great. Sushi rolls suck!
5	Always have the best service & great food. Plus I forgot my wallet there & when I returned to retrieve it five hours later,  everything was in it. I appreciate the honesty & the character of it's staff.
5	Good sushi for a reasonable price.  I highly recommend the crunch roll!  They also have teriyaki bowls which are really tasty and the regular size is filling.  If you are going to go, look for coupons that arrive in the mail.  I love this place because they also have kids sized teriyaki bowls so there is something there for my whole family. This location has always been clean and the food has always been made promptly with no issues.Only thing I don't like is that it is closed on Sundays.
4	Decided to try this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised! I got a chicken teriyaki vegetable bowl and half a California roll. More food than I needed but I wanted to try the sushi. The chicken teriyaki is delicious! The sushi is pretty good considering that this is fast food. The service was great my order was up fast. I will definitely be back!
1	Can't find a decent Teriyaki Bowl anywhere.  Today was my first an LAST time to eat here (take out).  I spent $8.00 each for a large Chickin Veggie Teriyaki Bowl and one with Beef.  Just a Chicken Teriyaki Bowl has rice, chicken and sauce. No Vegetables.  The chicken was old and tough, the vegetables were uncooked, and the rice was dry and sorry on both dishes.  The beef was also dry and tough.  Can you say, "screwing Americans again"?  Stick we Panda Express, but I do wish they something other than onions in their noodles.
5	Good food for a fast food place, quality of food beats most other similar restaurants.
5	Good eats for being relative fast food. I tried the Arizona Bowl last week and can't stop eating it.
1	Went to this place with a friend to pick up dinner today (lazy man's dinner!).  We both ordered the chicken teriyaki, and I gotta say, I feel lucky coming out of this meal with all my teeth intact.  I don't know if they overcooked the chicken, or this chicken has been reheated a million times, but it literally felt like I was chewing on a thousand year old beef jerky.Would I return?  If I'm desperate, maybe.  But I wouldn't order the chicken that time.
3	Decided to try Yogis for takeout, and it was OK. I tried the white meat teriyaki bowl. The large portion is a fair size, enough for two meals at least. The meat was a little bit dry for my personal liking, but the teriyaki sauce was great. Ask for extra though! The service was quick, and they've got a few tables inside if you decide to sit down!
5	California rolls are typically the most artificial sushi you could get... but not here!  It's as top-notch as any regular sushi would be! Hands down, the best California roll I've ever had. As good or better than the one I got on Santa Monica Blvd one time. Will definitely eat here again.
5	I love this place for teriyaki and sushi. The food is fantastic,  people are friendly,  service is speedy.  I recommend this place.
5	If I could eat Yogis 7 nights a week... I dont think it would be enough. Friendly faces and great food! Of all of their locations Ellsworth is the best!
5	This was the first time the wife and I went here and we weren't disappointed. Service was great and the guy at the counter was very helpful and informative. The food was amazing!!!! We will be eating here often, I can see that.
4	Good food, a little pricey but they have the same quality as the more expensive places so worth it. Fast service and everyone is very friendly. The only problem I have ever run into is when I order with soy paper, on many occasions they have done it incorrectly and done the seaweed and I get home before I realize it. It has happened about 5 times. The most recent today but when I called they take your name and number so when you return the next visit you get what they messed up the first time for free. When I called this evening I was told this happens all the time. If you have this issue often enough that you have a process for correcting it I would think you would work on fixing the problem but that's just me. Other than that one issue I enjoy this place and recommend it. Just check your order before you leave if you order to go! :)
5	I come here a couple times a month and the food and service are both fantastic. The food is a great value, and for take out...it's about as good as sushi you can get. I really like the yakisoba, and everything else I've tried is always tasty.
4	Don't expect anything fancy but you get great bang for your buck! My hubby and I call in to-go orders all the time and they are ready for pickup in 10 minutes! Service is always friendly when we call and pick up as well.
5	Excellent casual fast food. Liked everything we tried. Employees and are nice and food is quick but fresh.
5	The food is great and consistent, good customer service, prices are reasonable, and you never have to wait for your food. I live in the area and eat at here once or twice a week.
