5	I just come for the donuts stuffed with custard.  Amazing!  It depends when you go because there might not be any left when you get there.  Really awesome espresso as well.  Laid back atmosphere.  It would be a good place to chill on a Saturday or Sunday morning with the paper.
5	I adore Flocon. It is teeny tiny and as soon as you walk in, you cannot help but swoon over the smell of the best espresso on the whole island. Their espresso is fab and their lattes are positively gorgeous. If you can score a table, you're lucky, but the neighbourhood is so much fun that I prefer walking around with my drink in my paw, soaking up Mont Royal. While I've never tried the baked goodies, they look amazing and tempt me every single time, be strong JJ, be strong...
5	Amazing lattes. The baristas are chill and friendly, and the whole place feels like a narrow hollowed-out ship with the wood elements and pseudo-nautical theme.I especially like the small drawings that adorn the register and walls, including one which poses the question, "Why do cats purr?" with an accompanying doodle of a purring cat seen to have bees on the inside. Because obviously.
4	Very good coffee here on Mont-Royal. Folks are really nice and take pride in the product. Miles better than nearby pretenders. Very small (cramped) with communal tables (and power, so bring a portable powerstrip with your laptop to make friends).Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	Nice, weird space inside with bright accents of color. Friendly service and delicious cookies. The iced cafe au lait was a bit bitter tasting, but still better than other cafes (looking at you Second Cup), especially the nearby Starbucks. It can be a little cramped inside and the barista misunderstood us and made 2 drinks when I asked for 2% milk.
2	Amazing coffee served to you by miserable people.
5	The espresso is amazing for people that understand the great taste of a really coffee !
