3	One of my favorite desserts is the Tiramisu. I decided to try this place out since their cakes looked amazing. The tiramisu came in a chocolate cup filled with massive whip cream...which was too much for me. It was designed to look like a cup of hot chocolate, which was quite impressive. It did look nice; however, I also want substance. There wasn't much of the cake portion; it was primarily the whip cream...but I have to say, it did look very very nice. My friend had a fruit tart, and that wasn't bad at all. Fresh fruit on top of a light custard in a flaky pie crust. It was good and well designed. Overall I would give this place a 3.5. I would pass on the tiramisu and would try possibly their other cakes.
4	This place is located within the New York - New York Hotel & Casino. I stopped by one morning and got the Chocolate Chip Cheesecake. The service was quick and friendly, and I asked for it to go so they put it in a little brown box with a handle (very easy to carry around). The cake was good. It had a chocolatey crust and was topped with a thin layer of chocolate. There was a chocolate wafer and a truffle stuck to the top as well. A little more chocolatey than cheesecakey, but still a delicious cake. I'd go back to grab a sweet snack.
3	While here in Las Vegas need some place to pick up some thing quick for breakfast and decided to get something here.  First and foremost, they have a nice display of pastries and donuts which makes your mouth water.  Not only do they have those yummy pastries on display, they also have a decent selection of bagels to choose from and you can get them toasted too.  Price ranges from as low as $1 for a basic donut up to $4 - $5 for one of their more dessert options.  For Las Vegas hotel, prices here are reasonable.  I ended up getting 3 donuts and 3 bagels to split among my friends.  Overall, the bagel was good.  It was a bit doughy and was expecting more of an east coast bagel than a west coast bagel, but after a night of drinking, I wasn't complaining.  The donut are also decent.  It was more like a cake, so it filled the spot with a light glaze on top.Overall, if was a good hangover cure and less expensive than most of the places in Vegas.  So overall, 3 stars and worth a stop for a cheap eats in Vegas.
4	I, for one, LOVED their tiramisu! Sure, the whipped cream was a mile high, but c'mon... it's served in an edible chocolate cup! IT'S VEGAS! GO BIG OR GO HOME! The cake to custard ratio was just right for me, not being a huge fan of the rum flavor in most tiramisu desserts.When I'm back I definitely have to try out something else because the presentation of their goodies ALONE is enough to make you want to try everything!
5	Such good coffee, really great service. I was so annoyed that Starbucks was the first coffee shop you happen across in NY NY because this one is so much better. I will make sure to go back when I head through Vegas again.
3	The espresso isn't all that bad and the selection of pastries is pretty good.  I'll give them credit for their creativity in the dessert area.  They have some very cute looking desserts.  Cheesecakes and cannoli are a basic staple here.  With the only other espresso place being Starbucks it's worth supporting this place.  If you're looking for it...it's in the downstairs food court area inside the NY NY casino.  It's kinda tucked in the back.  The nice part is that if you're staying at the hotel, it's pretty much at the base of the New Yorker elevators which makes it convenient for getting coffee and crawling back to your room.
4	Stayed at NYNY several times but never saw this place til now. It's kinda tucked away in the back, behind the Gallagher Steakhouse area. Lots of good looking desserts for reasonable prices.
5	on a binge to try to stay awake, we pulled up to the NYNY starbucks, only to notice (after buying our coffee) this cute little cofferia right next to it. so we couldn't pass up a look, and ultimately a purchase of 2 of their absolutely beautiful deserts. i chose the chocolate ecclair, which instead of the bun being filled with cream, it was sandwiched between 2 small pieces of what appeared to be bread. complete with the dark chocolate topping, it was oh such a delicious late night snack. my wife had the key lime pie desert and yes, it was good, but i just love ecclairs, so of course i'm going to say mine was better. about 4 bucks each. did i mention it was inside NY NY?
5	best price coffee in the ny ny and it is pretty darn good as well. and they alos have huge azz donuts.
5	Key lime pie for me! Fruit tart for my gf. She paid with Mlife players card what a deal!Key lime could've been a little more tart still good though. The fruit tart was right on!
2	Got a close to $4 coffee here---yeah, just regular coffee and was expecting something tasty. Not in the least bit. The coffee was weak (like Starbucks) and didn't taste like better than something I could get at 7-11. I brew better coffee at home for a fraction of a price.Definitely a disappointment. Glad I don't live in Vegas, because if I had to buy this coffee when in need, I'd just throw myself in front of a Deuce bus.
3	Watch out for the coffee. Its hot!
4	AHH. I know it's on the Strip, and I know it's slightly over-priced, but their pastries are too adorable.  Located right next to the stairs to the arcade, under the roller coaster tracks, this place is a gem.  Always friendly and fast to tourists and locals alike.If you love tira misu, try it here.  Extra flavor, extra rum.  And it comes in the cutest chocolate cup ever.  DEFINITELY enough to split between two people, so cozy up with your BFF and enjoy a nice conversation in the 'streets' of New York New York.
5	This place has better coffee than Starbucks and I didn't have to wait forever to get a hot fresh cup of joe! The people here are very friendly and nice the girl and guy were very helpful and patient with me while I decide on what dessert to get ... finally  the guy talked me into buy both desserts I was debating on!!! Left there happy with my goodies!Side note!!! Get the broadway night cake is rich and amazing!I will deffenelty be back here again
4	Great alternative to the crowded Starbucks around the corner. I had a great iced latte and got it in probably half the time it would have taken at the Starbucks on that level. Easy to find, tucked in near Gonzalez Gonzalez and the Starbucks on the first floor of the casino off Greenwich Street or Road. =)
3	Not bad. A little too much chocolate in my Mocha but a welcome break from the endless Starbucks on literally every corner in NYNY
5	Holy cow, the tiramisu cup rocked my world!  Luscious creamy topping with just the right amount of liqueur in the cake layer underneath. And the chocolate cup was yummy too, although I was getting too full by then. I'll be back for the same thing for sure - yum!
2	Stopped by here on the way through the New York New York casino.  This spot is nestled in the shops along the New York City facade.  Their pastry case is situated so the product stands out and screams bright and shiny at you.  It looked like a good idea!We each ordered one delicious looking morsel then took a seat in the crowded walkway to eat our snack.  The problem is, these pastries (or at least the two different ones we ordered) are "engineered" for their looks and longevity in the pastry case and not the flavor and texture of the product.  Both the caramel mousse and the cheesecake had a thick sticky gelatin disk laid on top.  At first I thought it was plastic, and tried to peel it off.  It made the surface shiny and glimmering under the lights, but was a thick sticky gummy mess when trying to eat the thing.  On top of the cheesecake too?  Sure enough this thick gelatin made to keep the thing glistening under the lights was put on top of the cheesecake too.  It changed the flavor and texture.   The caramel mousse had APPLES inside of it.  I was sorely disappointed in it, as I could not understand apple pie filling in my caramel mousse.  (Pic)The cheesecake tasted like standard freezer cheesecake to me, but add that rubbery disk on top and forget it.  Nasty. Don't be fooled by the glimmering lovely pastry case full of treats.  Keep walking!
5	Why go to Starbucks when you can get the a good cup of coffee. I had the butter rum buzz and Carmel macchiato and it was superb. They have a good selection of pastries but I haven't tried any of them yet.  It's in ny ny casino behind the Broadway burger bar and grill, it's easy to miss.
