3	The inventor of the chicken sandwich (or so they claim, and who am I to argue), the Chick-Fil-A has got to be the best chicken sandwich, and certainly the best fast food chicken sandwich.  While they have come up with a grilled version in recent years, it's the original style that is all the rage.  A pressure-cooked breast, served on a buttered bun with two pickles is just the treat.Of course, I don't like pickles, but I can always pass them off to someone in my family.  The only downside is that their waffle fries just aren't very good.  Lately they've introduced milkshakes and they are usually pretty good.  The cookies and cream is especially good - but I've noticed after the initial introductory period the quality of the shakes has gone downhill somewhat.  They aren't bad, but they aren't as good as they were when they first came out.
2	Edible! Not quite Bojangles or KFC! About the same type of fried chicken.Bojangles-better biscuitsKFC-better cole slaw
2	What sort of fried chicken fast food joint doesn't have a spicy chicken option?  It's absolute insanity.
4	Lately I've noticed two things.First, the friendliness of the staff at Chick-Fil-A has gone up exponentially.  I don't think it's just one store in particular, because it seems to be at all locations (or at least all of them we visit).  Second, the fries are tasting better.  It's not that the fries themselves are different, because they look or even really taste new, but they seem to be letting them cook longer, which leads to crispier fries, instead of those nasty limp waffle things that they used to put out.Now I just need to make sure to remember to ask for "well done" fries just in case, and I think I can actually grow to like these Chick-Fil-A fries... I still don't really care for the spicy chicken, however.  I can let them slide on that as long as they offer hot sauce on the condiment bar and free chicken once a year, however.
3	The nice thing with Chick-fil-a is that you know what you are getting yourself into when you go.  Most locations are pretty consistent when food (as any other fast food chain place) but I find that this chain does really well with customer service - they may have changed their training and operations procedures to include the phrase:  "my pleasure" but I can see that getting old pretty quick.  Luckily I don't go here too often for that to happen.Some Chick-fil-a locations bring out your food to you with a number system which is nice, but then I feel obligated to tip since they are going above and beyond from behind the counter.Anyways, back to this location... it's convenient to Matthews.... sometimes Independence traffic doesn't really help this location out with wanting to go but it's a solid 3 stars for sure.
3	Fast food is fast food. I don't know if the Chick-Fil-A chicken sandwich is healthier than anything else, but it really does taste yummy. I have to remember to ask them to leave off the pickle. Oh, and the waffle fries. Awesome!Drive through was quick and efficient. No complaints!
3	Whew. I've been here for several times for lunch with my co worker, because he fixes their equipment. They are absolutely packed everyday during lunch time. Staff is usually young people, it's Chick-fil-A. It's nothing new, just another fast food joint. However I must say the chicken deluxe is awesome and that's probably the only thing I will order from there. Forget their famous chicken sandwich with just a couple of pickles. Get the Deluxe. It comes with cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes! That always makes everything better. Anyways this place is always packed, if I didn't work there then I probably wouldn't come here as often. If you come during lunch time my tip:Go inside, and skip waiting outside for a while as their line stretches out to the exit of the parking lot.
3	My second time at Chick-fil-a. This place is always spotless and cheerful but frankly I'm not all the comfortable with the cult vibe these franchises radiate. Everyone seems eerily cheerful, and I mean everyone customers and employees included. The food, meh. I thought someone may have pulled a prank on me and replaced my mouthwash with formaldehyde because I could not detect any taste to the so called char-broiled chicken breast sandwich. Nothing. 1 starTo be fair I had their regular fried chicken another time and that tasted ok, not A-OK great but passable - maybe 2.5 stars. The surprise here was the waffle potatoes, they tasted of .... potatoes! Not great stuff mind you, nobody will line up for these fries but in this day and age when the most popular fries fries in the world are artificially flavored and coated reconstituted potato by-product I thought that was an improvement3 stars. I also took home a chicken salad sandwich for my SO, I tasted it and thought it was awful! The dark bread totally overpowered the chicken salad *spread* honestly it was more like velveta than a proper salad with chicken morsels in it. It was already 3 pm and my SO's was too starved not to eat it, but I don't foresee her asking for another one ever ... again. NO stars.Why 3 stars then? Because right there on the billboard was the calorie count so you couldn't miss seeing it when you order, and I think it's high time all the peddlers of fake foods did this.
4	Always have been a fan of Chick-Fil-A but just don't eat here very often. Stopped by the drive thru last week and grabbed a spicy chicken sandwich, fries & Mello Yello. Any place that serves up Mello Yello gets an extra star from me. Ha! The sandwich was crispy but not as spicy as I'd like. What I normally get is the regular sandwich and add hot sauce to give it that kick. Might have to do that next time. If there was one thing bad to say about this place in general is I'm not a big fan of waffle fries. I'm just not. The service is always over the top friendly. I like that. There are plenty of other fast food places where the employees just don't care to be there. This place is different and I mean that for all Chick-Fil-A's.
5	Hello friends,Short & Sweet. I have to give it up for this chain. It seems no matter which location they ALL provide the same service. Consistency is something that's always strived for but not always obtain. (Especially GOOD consistency) No matter which location, the service is fresh, fast,  friendly, correct & hot.One thing that grinds my gears is that asking for a name as if I'm not standing 6feet away. But even that's no biggy.Go enjoy,TTFN
5	This is a great location and they are super friendly. The drive thru is slow sometimes but it's a popular location so they stay busy.
4	It's chick fil a....nothing major. It was packed during lunch time and the drive thru was moving. It did not take long to get our food. The staff in the drive thru were great.
