5	Anyone remember the Way to Play Cafe that was in Chandler? This place is 10 times better.My friend had free passes so we decided to check it out. I read the other review on yelp before coming so I was expecting to be disappointed. Fortunately, that was not the case. All three of the kids we brought (she's 5, 4, and 1) had a blast. There is a padded play area for the babies with a ton of toys. In the corner there is a diaper changing area and a private nursing corner. The rest of the play are is pretty big. The floor is Astroturf (but soft). There is a large climbing structure with disk swings, punching bags, handlebars to swing on, and a tube slide. Then there are a good amount of toys, sprinkle for all ages. We were there for about for hours and our kids never for bored...they were even upset when we had to leave.The staff was amazing!! Not only did everyone take some time to come talk to us, but we were given honest information on buying memberships (try a month our three months first, just to see how often you come), info about birthday parties, a tour, and friendly conversation. There is someone in the play area at all times monitoring the kids...they even call the kids by name. The service was great, the staff was awesome, and the food was good too. We checked in on yelp and got a bogo lunch deal! We'll be back for sure. We had a great time!
4	The food is healthy and place is clean. I always order the special of the day, as it is fresh and filling. I haven't taken my kids there but if the chance presents itself I definitely will. Staff is very friendly and helpful, definitely a family business.
5	Best Birthday Party EVER!Had my daughter's 6th birthday party last week.  We got a great deal at booking (check for current specials -I believe they have $75 off right now-)We've had parties at Chuck E Cheese, Bounce U, Peter Piper, House parties, etc) and for the first time, I LITERALLY HAD NOTHING TO DO!!! They did an AMAZING job taking care of everything down to the smallest detail.  The party room was beautifully decorated, all the parents were taking pictures.  Kids got to make a craft, food was delicious and the cake was good and looked so cute.  I could tell they really went out of their way to make my daughter's day extra special.  The kids had a blast, everyone was saying "best party ever!!!"  Kids get a goody bag as part of the deal with a coupon for a free admission.  We plan on going back and try some of their other food.  The indoor play area is pretty nice, clean and supervised! I don't know what people expect. If you have EVER been to ANY play area, you know kids have more fun when there's other kids playing.  I like there are different areas kids can play from tiny tots to bigger kids.  Kids had a blast and got a lot of exercise running around.
1	This place looked awesome online. The website said the playground opened at nine but when we got there they were closed. A lady came out and said they don't open until 11. I drove all the way from Tempe with a screaming infant in the car only to find they were closed. The woman working there was pretty unapologetic about the whole thing. I will definitely not be coming back.
3	Super clean, good healthy food, fun place for my 2 year olds, this place has great potential, lots of space that could be used for things but isn't, great place to escape the heat but wouldn't go out of my way for it, management could be a bit friendlier too, some of them appear to be lacking some serious customer service skills.
4	It's an interesting concept, and I always feel weird telling people, "It's part indoor playground, part cafe, and part dojo" when asked about it, but it works!  The enclosed play area is a great big space with plenty of toys, and includes a large climbing structure for the more adventurous little ones, and a section where itty bitty little ones can "play" (or just lay there.)They do great hosted birthday parties for kids. We went to one for a 2 year old, and it included play time, a craft, a meal plus cake, and a goodie bag that included a free play pass to come back and play again.The food is decent, but you can sometimes wait a good while before your food is ready.  On a recent visit, they were out of fruit and milk, and it took 45 minutes to get our salad and grilled cheese.  That was disappointing, but not the norm.Definitely worth a visit, especially if you're looking to escape the heat in the summertime.
5	Went to the location in Chandler off Az Ave & Warner (222 W. Warner Rd). First off, I think they changed their name to Connect 5 Family Centers, at least that's what their website says. I think they are doing some re-branding. Anyway...I was VERY IMPRESSED! At the Chandler location, the place was VERY clean, the staff were so nice, they stopped and talked to every single family that came in. My kids LOVED the play area (5 yr old girl, 6 yr old boy). I could sit in the cafe and watch them while working on my computer. A great compromise to those days off from school and a "work from home" parent! They were upset when we had to leave, so I inquired if they had any upcoming events, and they said they are getting ready to start offering more parents and children classes and special events there. Oh! And you couldn't beat the price...only $5 a child for the whole day! These play areas get expensive when you have more than one child, but $10 was definatly doable and worth the money. I will have to see if the Gilbert location is as impressive as the Chandler one.
1	all I can say is less than impressed! most toys that required batteries were broken and the great play area was something that I could get for free at any local park or burger king. when chicken is the only thing on your menu you how is it possible that you run out of chicken???  even worse in the advertisement it states that there are staff members to look after the kids and Wi-Fi, surprise surprise neither was available. basically none of the things that were promised were actually available... groupon should check these place out before deciding to do business with them.
1	It was nuts. I found them on groupon. They chandler locale is supposed to be pretty good but they branched out to mesa and that location is terrible. Their phone was disconnected and the website was down. The map on groupon showed them in the wrong shopping center. We pressed on because the kids were promised a fun time but it was a struggle just to find the place. It was $11 for 2 kids which wouldn't be terrible except the play area was a jungle gym like you can get for free at McDonalds. It was mostly just a lot of open space for the kids to run around in. They had things to ride and interact with but anything that needed power didn't have batteries or was just broken. They promise wifi and child supervision but surprise! wifi was down and the staff was low so it was my turn, while sick, running around with the kiddos. Their pop machine was broken so they used cans, which was ok because they still honored the free refills but their menu, which consist of 5 things, 3 of which were chicken, is not much to look at after they tell you they are out of chicken. It took 20 minutes to even run my card because the card reader was down and they had to call it in to the other location. Oh, and the lights kept turning off every 30 minutes or so, truly a unique experience. Next time stay home and save the trouble.
