4	Oh 24 Hour Fitness on Rainbow and CheyenneHow can I express how wonderfully you are?I guess it must be in the fashion of Bards lost in yonder.You always serve me well when I visit in the late evening.Though I did catch you serving a whole parking lot once.I believe it was in the early evening during the 5 to 6 hour.But I cannot be upset for too long,As I always have you almost to myself during my normal 9 to 11pm visits.You always have plenty of room for me to wonderand plenty of equipment for me to enjoy.I can visit, get my fitness fix and be on my merry way.Almost never once did another interrupt my stay.Though I do wonder if you ever clean up after yourself.Weights may be in disarray but there is plenty to be found here or there.No pool or basketball court for me to enjoyBut plenty of free weights to be employed.For me, when a quick workout I need, it must be thee.
2	It's not fancy. It's a little bit smelly.The equipment is old and some of it doesn't entirely work.But...it has what I need. It has reasonable monthly charges with no long-term contracts.No one is trying to manipulate or upsell me into stuff I don't want.It's easy to find parking.There are always plenty of available machines.I guess it will do.
4	I like this 24 hour because my daughter loves hanging out with the people that work at the kids club. The club does need some work and new workout machines. The staff is great they are very friendly! Nicola is an awesome TKB instructor which is on Monday nights at 7. Shott who  is the instructor for boxing boot camp is great too. If you really wanna great workout I highly recommend going to their classes.Since the Alta 24hr reopened, I still try to make it to this location every now and then. I sure hope they remodel this location!
3	This gym is waaaaay up north on the 95 and Cheyenne. Ive only been up that far north maybe 2x in 2 years. I was @ school and got out of a lab early and decided to get my fitness on before heading home to Henderson. I love going to every 24 hr fitness in my area and see conditions of the equipment and class availability. CLASSES: I will say this is the only 24 hr fitness w/ a bodypump class @ noon. (thursdays) Most BP Classes are either @ 9-10 am or 530-7p and nothing in btwn. this was a rare treat for me. However I misjudged the travel time btwn Charleston CSN campus & this gym so I got there late. SETUP: thsi gym is split in half... literally. the cardio/machines part of the gym will be on your left hand side. the grp x classes part will be on your right hand side. . there are about 5 or so stores btwn these 2 buildings. I thought it was strange too and wasnt sure which one to enter so I walked in the left side b/c that was the one that said 3141 as the bldg #, the actual physical address. strange set up. EQUIPMENT: some of the equipment felt new or maybe just underused? lol i enjoyed this location a lot more than the W. charleston one b/c those machines are often out of order or .. just kinda old. location: what i enjoyed the most was the shopping ctr area. there was a lot more than jus the gym so I'd have an incentive to go. go to workout and let myself buy something afterward. win win.
5	I have my home 24hr and prefer that one, but do come out to this one at least once a week. When it comes to a gym, for me it comes down to whether I can get a good workout. Been to bigger and cleaner gyms, but not able to do what I want to do because it's too crowded. This gym is not the cleanest and not the biggest. If you go to the gym to people watch, then don't come here. This place is dead.Now my reason for the 5 stars:- I like a gym like this. All business here. No one is here to socialize.- Place is so dead that you can definitely go all out with your workouts. No lunk alarm here..feel free to grunt. Light weight!!! Yeah buddy!!!- Enough free weights, especially the dumbbells. DB's up to 40lbs have 2.5 lb increments.  How many times have been curling a weight that's too light, but next weight is too heavy. Not here. - Staff: can't complain- Rest rooms: I will just wait till I get home, never clean. If I lived closer, I'd come here more often. Been to almost every 24hr in Vegas. To me, probably the best. But you have to be self motivated to workout here.
4	Vacation doesn't always mean you have to give up exercising. My boyfriend's family is from Vegas and apparently Vegas people are big in exercising!! But my boyfriend says most of them go to Las Vegas Athletic Club...Anyways compared to the 24 hours in the bay area, this one is SUPER and I mean SUPER spacious and not to mention EMPTY! I love it! I don't have to fight for a machine, wait for a machine, wipe down machines because they are covered in sweat, etc. etc. I can just get on a machine and enjoy!!Sure the layout of the gym is a little unusual, but when the gym is empty and the air is circulating... I'm a happy girl to get my work out in.
3	Gym is great if you go early in the a.m. before 11 or you will be stared at by a bunch of old pimps hanging out like their in on prison break the TV series. Other than that LOVE IT
