1	I picked up a huge infection. Dirty. Shared instruments and sloppy.
5	I've been going to Hayley for years!! She is amazing with pink and whites and acrylics!! The place is SUPER clean and all the staff is very friendly and helpful! You get a complimentary bev while you wait! I moved and haven't found anything even close to this in the last 4 months! If you live in Charlotte this is 100% the place to go! All the staff is GOOD!
4	This was my frist time back to this location since they moved from the left of the movies to the right. They have a zillion pedi chairs, same modern decor inside and a lot of nail polish choices (all the current colors!). The pedicure was nice, the girl took her time and I was in the chair for at least 40 minutes, hate when they rush and you dont get to sit and relax. Good long massage too. They do charge $25 but offer beer/wine so for the extra $5 you can get a drink. Its on par with most of the other places in the area... not better, not worse.
2	I used to go to Polish on South blvd. all of the time I was very excited when they opened this location since its closer to my house I've been a few times now and can honestly say that they are really bad at customer service and really do a half a@$ job - On several occasions I've walked in barely been acknowledged and looked at as if i was disturbing them while on they're cell phones...then when i sit they barely pay attention and give a lackluster pedicure - literally i was there for 15 minutes one time, that's it!!! Now we all know that from start to finish it should never take that quick but he was in such a rush and wanted to leave apparently- i still have part of my gift certificate i got this Christmas I'm debating giving it away or sucking it up and go back...
2	I've been going to PNB for about a year now. I'm not sure what happened when they moved from one shop (same strip, different shop) to this one, but I'm DONE! I normally go there M-T-W mid-afternoons, making an appt unless the guy they have answering their phone can't speak good English. They DO take walk-in, but when you just walk in they don't speak or acknowledge you you must go up and ask for the nail tech you prefer and deal with them. They have many Mani & pedi chairs, their price is competitive, but you MUST tip in $$, not added to your card. I've had my acrylic nails done by David, Anna, Leon and ALL 3 are personable and THEY ALL SPEAK PERFECTLY CLEAR ENGLISH, and do chit chat while providing your service. My #1 issue is the cleanliness of the nail tools~~Unless you bring your own, they use whatever was used on the previous client out of a drawer/kit and often share between one another while doing my nails. Most times it is myself & maybe one or two others in the shop with 20+ empty chairs. I'm not sure what has changed with their move,  but I am looking elsewhere now. One other note, is the parking at that strip mall...it's VERY tight and I often must wait for a space to park. I check all sides of my car when I leave for dents, as it's that close.
1	I've went here for years for cheap eyebrow waxes but I reached the breaking point.  The old location had a small room in the back for waxing and the service was fine, nothing special, but ever since they moved to the new location, each experience has been increasingly terrible.There's no more private room for brow waxes, they just send you to the back to sit in the normal pedi chairs out in the open.  I felt like I was on display while other customers sipped their wine and watched from the front.  Each time I was forgotten for a good 10 minutes or so before anyone actually came over to do the waxing.  Meanwhile, since I was so far off in the back, I was among the staff while they chit-chatted with each other or played on their phones and completely ignored me.  It's annoying because there actually IS a private room upstairs but they don't deem eyebrows worthy of it.The last time I went, a girl I hadn't met before was sent to do my eyebrows.  She did the polite small-talk and told me to close my eyes.  At one point I noticed that there was too long of a pause before she pulled the strip off and when I opened my other eye SHE WAS ON HER PHONE TEXTING!!!  She snapped at me that I needed to keep my eyes closed but then went on to say her boyfriend insists on her answering her texts asap.  REALLY??  Are you kidding me!???  I was livid.  My eyebrows ended up two different shapes and I'm lucky one of them ever grew back (thank god I have bangs right now!).  I was so mad I knew I wouldn't have been able to keep my composure so I paid and left without a word.  Never stepping back in there again.
3	I went to Polished with some girl friends to celebrate the end of the school year.  We met at 11am on Friday.  The store was really clean and large.  There was plenty of room for the 5 of us to sit together and chat for a pedicure.  Their polish selection was well stocked and organized.  The pedicure was a little above average.  I didn't feel like I was rushed out, but I wished the massage was a little longer.  I decided to also get a manicure (when in Rome).  The manicure was nice, but less than 3 days later, the polish was already chipping and cracking.  I think the polish was applied too quickly, too thick.Overall, it was fun because I was with friends, but I would not rush back to this location.
5	Love Polished- I have been going there since the South Blvd. shop opened. Always terrific service, Sonny works hard to ensure everyone is taken care of. I have never had any problems with any of the services I have used.
1	Very cool look and feel. I went for a bridal party thing this weekend...Got a pedicure which wasn't horrible but my nails were chipping the next night. Also got a fill in since I was quoted a price that was comparable to my place back home. Price was more than quoted and I had one nail break that night and another the next day. I don't know what was used but my nails were separating from the acrylic and now 3 days later are all off. Horrible experience!!
5	The guys that work here do the BEST job!!! Regardless of who you get, they are ALL so fast! A lot of choices. Love it here.
5	This is the only nail salon where you are guaranteed not to have to wait when you walk in with no appointment. Love, love, love this place!
3	Never a consistent pedicure. Sometimes it's great and other days (like today) the pedicure may last 20 minutes and it's decent at best. Great selection of colors and a free beer or glass of wine is a nice touch! Convenient location on Providence. May wait a while before I return--at $25 for a pedicure it's a decent deal but not the best
3	A-OK. Pretty much the tag line for this place. It's Polished. You know the drill.... hit or miss with each visit.The good: Great selection of colors. Free soda/wine/beer with your service. The staff... extremely friendly. Prices are reasonable. A basic pedi is $25... basic mani $15. Great for groups. (Girls night, bachelorette, birthday, etc.) There is usually not a wait because they have so many workers.The not so good: This place just doesn't do a consistent job. One visit... I'm so happy when I leave. The next... I'm questioning why did I ever come back here. Some days they are like a NASCAR pit crew... racing to see how fast they can people in and out the door. Also, between the layout of this parking lot and its location on Providence Road... it can be a disaster to get in and out of sometimes. One important tip before you go: they do not allow you to add a tip on your credit card. Make sure to have some cash on hand.My most recent pedicure here made a good solid showing for a about a week. Already time for another one. Oh well, on to the next one. Maybe this is a sign that pink isn't really my color?
1	Never go to polished again. They don't wash their materials, which can give you a fungus. Also if you ever have noticed they don't talk to you at all. Instead they talk to the other workers in some language you can't even understand. This place stinks
2	To echo other reviewers -- This place is a total mixed bag. I've visited twice recently, once for a gel manicure and once for a pedicure, and had completely different experiences. They did a pretty good job on my fingers. The gel polish stayed on for about 3 weeks with only a couple of chips - very nice. However, my nails and cuticles were cut a bit more aggressively than I would have liked, as the technician was visibly hurried for no apparent reason at midday on a Monday. On my next visit, my pedicure largely disappointed. The technician was unfriendly and stood up and walked away several times. Once she finished, she slapped my sandals back on and sent me out the door. I've visited many nail salons, and most all have fanning machines to help dry the polish so that it doesn't smear - a pretty important step in my opinion!Don't visit here if you want quality service. The good news is, you'll receive a complimentary glass of wine to assuage the pain of a bad pedicure.
2	I went to this place for over a year and it was always hit or miss but the last time I went I wanted to get an acrylic full in with gel polish, they told me it would be $25 for my fill in and $25 for the gel polish.. Which is crazy.. I then asked what if I bought my own polish and brought that in and they said it would only be $5 more instead of $25, when I went in to have my toes painted.. Not a pedicure just polish change I was expecting to pay the cost of polish change +$5 considering that is what they told me it would cost, they tried to charge me $30.. To paint my own toes with my own polish! Not even a pedicure!!! I told them that I was told it was only $5 more but they didn't believe me and called the owner, and made a huge scene about it. Eventually they said they would charge $20, which is still insane. After the owner fiasco I wanted to get my brows waxed, they were mad I didn't have to pay full price so when she came to wax my brows she didn't say a single word, wasn't friendly and walked away when she was done without saying anything to me at all. SO RUDE. I came here religiously every two weeks.. I will never come again.
5	This is my favorite Nail Salon in all of Charlotte. I have never had such amazing experiences consistently over time. I get greeted with smiles the moment I enter the door, and if it is busy, they still accommodate you with beverages and a short wait time. The selection of polishes is huge, between OPI and Essie, they have both regular and Gel polishes. I can get as funky or classy as id like, and still always be pleased with the results. The interior is regal and clean, with beautiful decor that makes you feel like a princess upon entering. The staff IS WONDERFUL. I have a few nail techs that I prefer and each one is amazing. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming, I would recommend this place to everyone.
1	I've always had a mediocre experience here and today was no exception. I went in just to get my polish removed- regular polish, not gel. The gal told me it would be $5 which I thought was crazy but did it anyways because I needed my dark polish taken off so badly, but when I went up to pay the guy charged me $7. It literally took her 1 minute to remove my polish- $7- wtf? So ridiculous. I will not be coming here, ever again, and would not recommend that anyone else does either, unless you want to pay a ton for very basic service.
4	They accept walk ins and are pretty large. They have several pedicure stations and 15 mani stations. It seems great for large groups and access to easy service in time of need. The place seems clean and they have several t.v's. The service prouder a speak in their native younger to each other.  I went on a Saturday morning and by mid afternoon the place quickly filled.
