4	I thought my Christmas shopping was over.  Then I got an email that I needed to buy an individual silk flower for someone (it's a long story).  Ok, fine.  I phoned a place called Silk Flowers to find out that, strangely enough, they do not sell silk flowers.  But the nice man on the phone suggested this place.  I called, verified that they do in fact have individual silk flowers, and bravely headed over in the rain.For some reason I was expecting a small shop that would be difficult to find in the rain.  But this place is huge!  I appreciated the big huge sign announcing that parking is behind the store.  Saved me a lot of time and grief.  I was a little overwhelmed when I walked in.  They definitely have silk flowers but many are part of huge arrangements.  It's like walking into a jungle.  But I was able to find the staff easily and a nice lady directed me to the individual silk flowers, taking the time to show me a few in the type I wanted.  Everything in the store is half off, no refunds or exchanges.  They do take credit cards.  When I asked if the store was closing, the lady ringing me up said no - it was just a sale.  They sell pottery, bronze figures, and a lot of silk flower arrangements and plants.  I couldn't really tell if they also sell real flowers or plants - the silk flowers and plants look frighteningly real and I didn't have time to touch every single plant to figure it out.  You can tell they put a lot of work into the silk flowers and plants.  Each individual silk flower was unique and you really have to touch them to make sure they are not real.  Some of the arrangements and plants have manufactured "imperfections" such as brownish leaves or irregularly sized petals to further support the illusion of "realness."  I'll likely be back to check out some of the "houseplants" as I have managed to kill every single houseplant I have ever owned within a few months.  I think I can manage to keep these "alive."
5	The largest imitation floral shop in Nevada I think. Very unique place. Many local celebs have been going there for years to deck-out their weird Vegas homes. Its a silk flower super store. They have everything from fake trees, to fake single stems of flowers. I have shopped there for twelve years so far. They are wholesalers to most interior designers around town. They sell fake plants/flowers, not real. Also have the best/cheapest selection of pottery and unusual decor items too. Their pottery is mostly sandstone, which requires a plastic under-liner or dish for real plants.
5	This place is awesome.  It has the best prices around.  Be prepared to be overwhelmed, they have things everywhere.  Love it!
5	We ended up going with silk flowers for my wedding due to our limited budget. I was skeptical, but so pleasantly surprised. My flowers turned out beautiful! I only needed bouquets and boutonnieres since my venue was supplying center pieces. We did calla lily's and mixed in other random flowers that were our wedding colors. They have these fake flowers that look and feel like real flowers, everyone thought they were real. Some of the flowers we used I had to go get and bring in myself since they didn't have something that matched my colors to my liking, but they do have a large selection, I just picked difficult colors to match. I brought in ribbon to wrap the stems with. We dealt with Betty. I brought in a couple pictures for inspiration, gave her some ideas and let her do her thing, and they were so much more beautiful than I had ever imagined they could be. If I can figure out how to add pictures, I will.And compared to fresh flowers, the price was very reasonable. I requested a cascade bouquet for myself, which tend to be pricey. The total price for mine, 3 bridesmaids bouquets, and 6 boutonnieres was the same as it would have been for only my cascade bouquet if I'd gone with fresh flowers. So extremely pleased!!
4	A quick walk from my clinic and a fun place to browse during lunch on those slow days suffice it to say that Napa Valley Pottery and Floral has a little something for everyone - from $0.99 packets of flower seeds to ornate Bronze Dragons costing in excess of $5000.00.  Truly an eclectic mix and spread over a large space expanding from indoors to outdoors my only "issue" in general is the ever present sales, an obvious "mark-up only to offer half-off" tactic that seems a touch dishonest, though understandable from a marketing perspective in the same way as Bath & Body Works or Kohl's.
