2	I was brought here for lunch.  The place is located in the tallest building in Pittsburgh, The Steel Tower, so it seems pretty fancy from the outside and when you walk in.  It's got a huge, modern looking dining room and was packed for lunch.  I was really hungry, so of course I went for a hoagie.  I ordered their Godfather hoagie ($10.95).  It comes with sopressata, capicolla, prosciutto, pepperoni, mozzarella, roasted red peppers, lettuce and tomato.  Of course I ordered it with fries, but you can also get a side of veggies or the starch of the day (which was baked potato).  When the sandwich arrived it was a good size, they put the leaf of lettuce and the two slices of tomato on the side, the bread was like a french baguette. I think it was way too thick for sandwich bread, it just got in the way of the meat. There was lots and lots of meat, then a big slab of roasted red pepper and cheese melted on it.  I am not a fan of big slabs of roasted red pepper, so I removed that.  I basically just ate the meat and cheese and fries.  I deconstructed the hoagie.  It was trying to be too fancy for me.  I like a plain ol' sub roll, stuffed with meat and cheese and shredded lettuce and tomato.  All my dining partners got burgers, which didn't look that great to me either.  I won't go back unless I have no choice.
3	I went here with my co-workers today as we were celebrating someone's birthday (not mine).  I agree with Daniel's review, the decor here is striking and it is an impressive place to walk into.  The service here is very good too as we were seated right away and our waitress was prompt.But the food here just seems a little underwhelming here, especially for the price.  There's nothing particularly wrong with it.  It does seem to be a bit pricier than other Downtown restaurants.  The pasta here looked tempting, as did the "Godfather" Sandwich.  But I was in the mood for a good ol' fashioned burger, so I had the "Gourmet DeLuxe Cheeseburger" with sharp, white cheddar cheese on it.  The burger was delicious, but "Gourmet" often means "huge" and I ended up sharing my fries with someone.So anyways, this seems more like a place to go to on a special occasion versus an everyday place.  I stil recommend it, though.
2	Just saw a sign on the window that said Cafe Euro is leaving as of 11/19/10 and Damon's will be opening up there.  Interesting....should be a good spot before Penguins games!
3	Yep, closed as of late 2010.
