3	Hogs and Heifers would be a much better bar were it not a chain out of New York City. I like the idea, I like the theme (I'm a New Mexico hillbilly at heart), but the execution is all off. However, in terms of marketing and business, I completely understand.All that being said, I don't like the aggressive bartenders shouting at me to buy them a shot. Works for tourists from small towns that get all wowed, but I know it's an act and I just came to drink, thank you. Speaking of drinking, the $2 Pabst tall boys are awesome.
3	If you want a quiet drink, or want to canoodle with a sweetie, or really need to have a talk with someone - don't come to Hogs and Heifers.  This place is loud - Texarkana, stompy, foul mouthed bartender loud.  Oddly enough, this would usually be a great thing in my estimation, but it just didn't do it for me here. The bellowing bartendresses were a bit much, and their bar dancing was cute and all, but my drink got spilled.  (Where in the world is this acceptable behavior?)  Also, gentlemen, it was a complete and total sausage fest.  Including the two girls behind the bar and myself, there were 3 chicks there and about, oh, a billion drooling, buffoonish men all thinking one of the faux-lesbionic barkeeps was going to take them home.  This possibility seemed to grow in their head with every drink making them even more buffoonish.  I also wondered why this place is allowed to have bras and underwear strewn about willy-nilly when the health department reprimanded my hallowed Double Down for the same thing and forced them to remove the highly offensive garments.As mentioned by an earlier reviewer, the cheap PBR tall boys were delightful, and the stompy girls behind the bar DID buy me a drink when they weren't screaming into their bullhorn for everyone to buy them one or spilling the one I'd bought.  Watching the men hitting on the girls they had no chance with was totally funny.  And when all was said and done, I walked outside into downtown which always makes my heart do a little leap.  I wouldn't seek this place out, but if I walked by it I might go drop a couple of bucks for a tall boy, and hopefully not get my fingers stomped off in the meantime.
3	Biker-bra-clad, fit young women clogging on the bar. The same young women yelling at you to buy them a drink, and then calling you a such-and-such because you won't. Or even because you did, it doesn't matter. You can't do anything right here, so don't even worry about it.I've never been lucky enough to be able to sit here. Not because the place is packed, but because the regular patrons at the bar tend to, ah, sprawl themselves out as much as possible, seemingly so they can enjoy their drink and show in their own little space. I will hand it to 'em, the drinks are strong and averagely priced. And I secretly enjoy country and blue grass, and Hogs and Heifers is one place I can go and hear that sort of music without undergoing the embarrassment of it being discovered that I made a few selections on the juke box that are not popular with the rest of the folks in my party. And there's the valet right out front. Still, all that being said, this place is not first on my list when I want to go grab a beer and relax.
1	Please... there is only one.  In NYC. it was over just before that terrible movie came out.  Keep it real.  5 pabst and 5 shots of whatt?
3	Ok uhm Did they just get Coyote Ugly? Because when they first opened, they were semi cute. It was a big publicity stunt open audition in Downtown. Unfortunately this place isn't the easiest place to find if you don't know what you're looking for. Yea I'm pretty sure the NYC one is closed. This one....LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. Plus there's gaming. Plus they don't market correctly. Yea so this is kinda a biker bar that plays a lot of rockabilly and country. The bartenders do tell you to go "f*ck yourself" if you're a guy....They're very prowomen - Most of the yelling through the megaphone sounds like an angry McDonald's worker. I just want a drink...Ok so this one time I ordered 2 drinks. The bartender messed it up and she threw the glass. Yea she was pretty drunk. Couldn't handle her own. She doesn't work there anymore. She was kinda cute in her drunk way. I mean I know if she passed out, she'd let me hit it. Yea....Anyway it's an "experience". It's not the busiest bar. But I think they need to do a few changes before I can even rate this bar right.
2	Hogs & Heifers' main claim to fame is that the original New York location was the model for the look of the bar in the movie Coyote Ugly (although the bar Coyote Ugly was the inspiration for the movie itself).I went during the annual Bikefest. The bar was a zoo.  The bouncers were getting a little nervous, but all worked out OK.  The bartenders are all young, thin, reasonably pretty women - with attitude.  Some dance on the bar top, encouraging female patrons to do the same.  Mildly interesting, but not worth a repeat visit.
3	No, I don't want to buy you two girls a round of shots, but I'm sure my drunk, dumbass friend does. And I'm sure he'll buy so many that I'll end up having to pay for some of it. I'm pretty sure they were pulling the price of those shots out of their asses too.I suppose I had a "fun" time here. Drinks are way expensive. $5 Miller Lite. $10 shots? Do shots normally cost $10? I don't know. The music is played way too loud. One of the bartenders was extremely cute, but neither was extremely friendly. Or neither wanted to make out with me.
2	So go here once just to say you have gone, but it's not that exciting. Drinks were about on par with other bars in town. Nothing worth spending time here instead of someplace else though. Snore city.
3	I went here on accident the first time and was dragged here a second by my zombie like friend who was enamored by one of the bartenders who had taken him for tons of his cash the previous night. Tall boys of PBR and High Life are 5 bucks and shots are god knows how much. Cash only, so don't expect to hit the strip bar without first stopping off at yet another ATM. This place wants to be considered a dive bar, but that's kind of a hard thing to do when you've got a souvenir shop next door. They should try a little harder next time because this is no where close to a dive bar.
5	my favorite bar. if yer soft-shelled & can't stand outlaw country/southern rock, then you most likely won't dig it. bartenders are like hot, shit-kickin stand up comedians.  very entertaining.  me & my friend went to the fremont mardi gras celebration & it was so lame, i was falling asleep on my feet. i didn't need an energy drink cos we went to hogs & heifers & it woke my ass up.  there's serious peer pressure to drink alot here & the drinks are strong. you'll be happy to buy the bartenders shots--they deserve it. theme is like a redneck biker saloon--i've been there 3 times & no sign of potential violence.  everybody welcome here(non-klanny).   hella-fun
5	Simply put, H&H was the crown jewel of my Vegas trip.  A block or so north of the Fremont Street Experience, the bar looks cheerfully nondescript on the outside, except for a curious round sign, but if the doors are open... look out!  When I went by they were having a BBQ on the sidewalk, with a mix of country and rock music blaring out from the inside.Depending on when you go, it's a biker bar, a country bar, a rock bar.  And no matter when you go, it's a dive bar.  Count on amazingly skinny bartenders in bikinis and jeans.  Plan to pay $5 for a heavy of PBR (which for me, coming from Boston, is actually an OK price...).  And watch in amazement as the bartenders start singing along with the music on a bullhorn, and get up on the bar and dance.House policy is the bartenders will match you shots (on your nickel, of course), and that was such a foreign concept to me that I tested it several times.  I have no idea where these skinny skinny girls hide all the booze they shoot every night, but it's nowhere I could see.  Add to that that every once in a while one of these sultry vixens will grab a bullhorn and announce "Your bartenders are thirsty and sober!"I loved this place... it was so much more down to earth than any of the overdone casinos down on the strip, or the quaintly seedy casinos on Fremont Street.  The girls were fun and friendly, the vibe was great, and it was so much more real and fun than any of the fake crap that Vegas tries so hard to sell.If I go back to Vegas, I'm staying on Fremont Street again and I'm going here every night.
3	Hmmm, a biker bar near Fremont Street. Yeah, that will draw a classy crowd, ha ha. Somehow if I'm downtown I wind up here 50% of the time. The drinks are a little on the pricey side but the last time I was there you could still get a horsecock (24oz can) of Pabst for $4. Yeah, that's in my price range for sure! This place is basically Coyote Ugly for ugly people. I've never found any of the bar staff to be very attractive and they're pretty pushy about having you buy them shots. Hell no I'm not buying your stupid drunk ass a $10 shot, especially if you're asking me for it! Give me my PBR and go bug someone else! The bar staff really does appear to get pretty sloshed and I truly have concern for their well being while they do their boot stomping dance on top of the bar. Not much else to say about the place, not sure why I still go there, but I guess it's got a hold on me somehow. If you've never been, at least check it out once!
3	Fun, but not really my hangout. I went hear with a few friends, two of which were women after drinking at DCR and visiting the griffin and beauty bar. My two girlfriends were convinced to dance on the bar by the three female bartenders with the megaphones. They ask to put stickers on your nipples so my friends whipped their breasts out and placed on each nippe was a circl sticker of a cow. My friends ordered an adios, 15 dollars each, but from what I hear they are mostly alcohol so pretty strong and worth it. I on the other hand had a Samuel Adams Oktoberfest. I was already pretty buzzed by this point so one was enough for me. When one of the bartenders asked if I wanted another I politely said no thank you. She got on her megaphone and yelled saying don't be a pussy, now why don't you wash the sand out of your vagina and have another beer, it was hilarious to be put on the spot and it was all in good fun, I decided on another beer. There is a jukebox for your listening needs, a long bar and a wide open floor for dancing or to play darts. There was also what I would describe as a small stage with a couch on it so you can sit and relax with friends. Fun bar if you are into the rude and rowdyness of a biker bar. Again it is all in fun, so if you can take it, please make your way here.
5	Coyote Ugly, with the focus on UGLY (let's not even talk about that other pantywaisted place)!  This place is not for pussies or professionals.  It is loud, aggressive, mildly scary and gross.  As mentioned in other reviews, the bartenders look like methhead Manson Family members, which in my book is a very freshing change from the Barbies on the Strip and elsewhere.  Not only are they pockmarked, stretch-marked and devoid of makeup -- they are also loud and aggressive and wont to bawl into megaphones and get up on the bar for some sort of creepy old-timey hillbilly boot-scooting Riverdance whenever a fiddle jam comes on the jukebox.  It's chaos!  I also happened to be in there once when the '70s trucker jam "Convoy" came on, and it was nothing short of amazing to watch the bartenders scream the lyrics into their bullhorns. I stayed away from this bar for a long time because the name sounds vaguely franchise-y and lame, and I read that they had lingerie hung all over the wall.  I figured it was the type of place where Tommy Bahama bikers hung out.  But I was wrong, and it's actually really gross and nasty and fun.  And if you order a Jack and Coke (as I did, trying to be all badass and bikerly) the bartender will advise you with an inscrutably blank stare that "Jim and Coke is cheaper."  Bring it on!!!
4	the bartenders are loud. they're also all girls. i love the usage of the megaphone. the music is loud. the bar is junky and dirty. my drink was stiff. the bartenders pulled stupid girls from the bar to dance with them ontop of the bar. one of the bartenders also recognized me from my las vegas beauty bar ads. kudos to her. and kudos to her for not pulling me ontop of the bar. all in all it was a great, entertaining time. i left drunk off of my 1 margarita and happy as a clam.
5	Man up and come in, this place is great!  Think Coyote Ugly, but they aren't faking it to create some tourist trap with $18 drinks.  The bartenders are really enjoying themselves and the crowd while it looks rough was actually really fun and down to earth.  I never go downtown, but after finding Hogs and Heifers, I will now!
4	I can't get enough of this place... I dig it when it's busy just as much as when it's empty... You can stop in any time get a beer & decent tongue lashing/conversation... It's always got great people in there... both in front & behind the bar... the jukebox is kick ass & I dare ya to try & play somethin'... lol... I was in on the 5th & had an awesome time tippin' back a couple tall cold PBRs ( & a high life cuz part of the proceeds go to are G.I.s. Keep up the good work guys. Thanx) & BSin' with the bartender... A great girl named Jasmine... I hope... lol... she made sure everyone in there (all six of us) got the full H&H experience... from dancin' on the bar to handin' out hats, horns, & hallows to wear... it was a great way to spend the afternoon... & it gets better at the monthly bbqs... this is a must for anyone that likes an attitude with their bar... I've never had a bad time...
5	I've been here 5 or 6 times over the last few years and every single time was a ton of fun.  It's the kind of place you have to go knowing that you want to get drunk, yell and dance.  The more fun you're willing to have the more fun you're gonna have.  We were lured in by some free beer tickets being handed out on Fremont street and it was a smart move going here again.It's not a quiet place to enjoy a drink at a table with a candle on it.  It's a place with stiff drinks and funny and fun female bartenders in leather bikinis.I read some reviews that say it's in a  bad part of town.  It's a block off of Fremont, barely.  Don't be a pussy.I was just here a few nights ago with a group of friends on our last night of a bachelor party weekend.  It was Sunday night and the place was real slow.  But with the help of the two bartenders we had a great time.  Dancing, yelling, drinking, shots & outlaw country... A better night could not have been had.  It was the perfect ending to a great weekend.
5	Love the Hawgs. Go in for the drinks, stay for the abuse. ...Always had a good time, especially the time  we brought a doubledecker English bus full of forty friends as well as a mariachi into the bar one night for my boy Rivas' going-away party. The girls turned off the juke, put the band on top of the bar for like five minutes, then kicked them out. Epic!Be ready to drink lotsa shots. Hogs is not for the cowardly. Oh yeah-- and don't wear a tie, asshole!
3	Ive only been twice , but i loved it.. its like the white trash version of coyote ugly. Gotta love all the bras scattered and hung behind the bar. Dont order water or the bartenders will scream at you and call you a P****If i were a guy suprisingly, i might not like it as much, they call out the guys alot about buying girls drinks... kinda bs. and i do think the cocktails are overpriced so order beer....hmmm come to think of it... maybe i was just drunk and this place sucks....
5	found this paradise by accident , wandered in off the street alone and sober , left feeling part of the family . These girls WORK HARD ! yes they shout scream and drink . But the rest of you who criticize or just fob them off with a couple of sad remarks really arnt seeing the bigger picture . YOU maybe stay for couple drinks and then leave , THEY are at it for hours and hours a day . As happy and smiling at the end of thier shift as at the start . being a englishman i completly enjoyed the company the laugh and everthing about this bar . ONLY place i drank in vegas where the only thing plastic was the furniture , the people thank GOD are REAL . Would drink with Jodi and the rest of the ladies again in a heart beat
5	Like most reviews on this place... I found it by accident. We rolled in here on our last night in vegas before heading  back to san diego. Of course, at this point, I wanted a quiet easy night, but i couldn't have been more pleasantly disappointed!This place was awesome. Yea, it kinda had that 'coyote ugly' atmosphere,  but everyone was drunkingly dancing and the skinny, bikini clad bartenders dished out insults and jokes from a microphone while other girls (not employees) would get on the bar and dance. Everyone was into it, which is what made the place so much fun. The bartenders would get on the microphone and get everyone pumped. This place is a total dive, and i wouldnt want it any other way. Its not the strip, and people aren't dressed like stuffy club douches. Its very laid back with lots of humor. Its the perfect place to get drunk and rowdy. I loved it!
4	Scene was out of a movie. bartenders dancing on the bar to country music and yelling through a mircophone to take shots and for the men to buy girls drinks. There was even a pit near the bathrooms that was full of bras that girls threw in there. The bartenders invited the girls in the bar to dance on the bar as well. My bf and I were the youngest ones in there, but it was a vegas must see in my opinion. very "coyote ugly" status. i loved it and they played good country music :) The only down side.....the didnt have lime for our tequila shots.
1	Wow - words can't describe how bad this place is.  Is it worth walking in and having a beer to say you've been here?  Maybe.  But just a word of warning......the barstaff is awful and they have this great racket that they run on the tourists.  When they think you've had a bit too much to drink, they start to play games with the change on your round.  Both of the barstaff ran this on me.  First giving me change for a $10 bill when I gave them a $20.  Then later on again giving me change for a $10 bill when I gave them a $100 bill - this time with my wife watching.  The first time they admitted the error but the second time they fought it.  They made a big scene with their bullhorn but had to fess up when they found a C Note in the till even though they kept denying they had one.  About a half dozen other patrons started complaining that they had the same scam pulled on them.  Needless to say  it got ugly.  So go in there to see it and maybe buy a shirt.  But there are alot of other places in Vegas to hang out in that make a buck the honest way, and have alot better bar staff to look at.
3	Cool dive bar and a nice break from the normal las vegas scene.  Went in a friday night after getting free beer coupons handed to us on fremont street.Was pretty empty for weekend night.  Bartenders are as advertised.  Extremely loud with the megaphones bordering on obnoxious.  Fun though.  Be aware though bartenders will bait you into buying shots including for them and then your bill skyrockets.  Didnt think that was cool.
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE bitchy bartenders. Boring. No one there. Poorest drink selection in town. Pass on this "experience." There's plenty of fun elsewhere in Las Vegas.
5	Love this place!  Bartender Brandi made it our best night in Vegas.  Drinking, dancing, laughing....doesn't get any better.  Don't miss this place.
1	Do you like loud bad music that hurts your ears & gives you a migraine? Do you like being cussed at and called names? Do you like being sexually harassed and stripped of your under garments? Do you like sweating balls all night? Then this is the bar for you!!!!!! I had never been here before but I honestly wish I had kept it that way. I had such a horrible time! When we walked in I noticed how loud the music was and not only was it loud the sound system was of bad quality. I was literally having to scream to converse with my friends. It was extremely hot it felt like there was not any air or AC circulating in the place so I was sweating like I had just ran a marathon. When I got home I literally pealed my clothes off!!!! We start ordering drinks and were just chillin and conversing still sipping on the first set of drinks we had ordered, then rudely one of the bartenders yells to one of my male friends hey cheapo you gonna buy another drink anytime soon or just stand there and stare! OMG WTF how rude we were not even finished with our 1st set of drinks! So I decide to do some shots with my friends and make the most of the night. Every time I would walk to the bar the female bartenders were harassing me to come on the bar and dance with them. After 4 or 5 shots I told them I might consider getting up there, well they took that literally and after about my 4th shot they were pulling me up there forcing me to dance! I was too embarrassed not to dance after already being pulled up so I was like what the hell! So I started dancing and this bartender who I am dancing with on the bar comes up and starts rubbing on my tatas. Then attempts to pull my bra off! I was like oh hell no, but there was no telling her no she was so forceful and had I fought it, I would have had some ripped flesh!!! She then threw it up with the rest of the bras they had stolen from other women! I was so pissed at this point I got off the bar and ran to the bathroom and got myself together. I was not even wearing a top that was appropriate without a bra so I go back to the bar and ask for it back they rudely said nope not gonna happen! I spent the rest of the night braless and feeling like I was just sexually harassed! I understand that may be the bar Motto is to confiscate the bra of a woman who is coarse to get on stage and dance. However there is a difference between playful gestures and inappropriate disrespect of the human body. The gag was on me, had no clue about the "bra" must come off policy upon entering this bar. You could NOT pay me to come back to this place!
5	Hands down the best bar in Las Vegas!  This is the bar that brings you back home to where country music and classic rock pump out of the juke box all night, competing with the thunder of Harleys and their kin out front.  It is the bar where you spend all night shooting whiskey with the super sexy, refreshingly hilarious and caustic bartenders between games of pool or swings at the boxing machine.  This is the bar that you come back to every time that you're in town because its the one place where you can truly let loose and have an absolute blast.You never know who you'll be striking up a conversation with when you're there.  It might just as likely be a b-list celebrity as a mill worker from Wisconsin.  It could be a built from the ground up millionaire or someone that just lost there ass at the casino.  The only thing you can guarantee is that they all left their problems at someone else's doorstep so they could live the party at Hogs and Heifers!
2	There are certain things in life that are an immediate turn off to me. Adults who don't close their mouths when they eat. Women who say, "I'm not mad, I just find it interesting...". Patriots fans. But somewhere near the top of that list is something I can only refer to as "corporate approved edginess."Vegas is crawling with this in one way or another, especially at all of the "sexy" attractions at the big hotel casinos. I have a hard time thinking of something as Taboo when its sponsored by a trillion dollar multinational corporation. Step into this "dive bar" tourist attraction and you'll see the two bartender girls in their jean cutoff/bikini top uniforms dancing to a premade mix of country and classic rock that might as well be hosted by the shitkicker version of Casey Kasem. They have megaphones that they occasionally sing or shout an insult into. since it's a megaphone you can never understand what they're saying, but how they're saying it just screams "I'm reading from a script." They try to insult the male customers and embarrass them into buying more drinks, and you're supposed to believe they're rebels because they do shots at work. Now, I'm all for hot tough chicks. I'm all for smartass sarcastic women who aren't afraid to put a man in his place. I'm all for dive bars with country music on the jukebox (just look at my favorite hometown haunt Nick-A-Nee's). But that's not what this is. This is a Johnny Rockets for people who have some weird fetish for "hot biker" chicks from 80s music videos.
1	How do I give less than one star?  This place is awful.It would be one thing if the bartenders who are screaming at people were charming or had something funny to say, but the only thing that came out of any of their mouths was garbage.  From what I could understand anyway they were just obnoxious, and not in a good way.The music selection wasn't horrible but it was turned up too loud for the speakers and sounded terrible.  I really think it would have been a cool place if it wasn't trying so hard.I can't express how bad and truly trashy the bartenders were.  They look like they're on drugs.  I get that the bar's gimmick is the coyote ugly thing but the bartenders are too busy dancing around and chastising people to actually serve their over priced and watered down drinks.
1	Staff is quick to judge patrons and unfriendly when confronted about situations
1	Went with some friends - okay a LOT of friends - as part of a pub crawl. This was the sixth year that we included H&H in our event, and they knew about us - what we were about, and when we would be there.We were met by an ill-tempered bouncer at the door; poor service at the bar, and just a generally bad attitude. It was clear that they didn't want us there; which is astonishing, considering that our group is a friendly, good natured bunch, and tend to both spend and tip lavishly.At one point - in an attempt to get a picture of the whole scene, I asked one of the bouncers if I could take a couple photos from the tiny little deck that serves as a "stage". He responded bruskly "Make it quick".  I smiled, and said "Sure". I got my camera out and took one photo, and he yells "Okay, that's enough. get down".Huh???? WTF?I was friendly. I asked politely. There was no one performing, or any equipment on the stage. I was there as a paying customer, and was trying to get a nice pic that I could post - which could have been a nice visual endorsement of the place.But F that. Bad service is bad business. All of the other bars on our tour treated us well and had staff ready and willing to handle the huge amount of business that we brought them that night. Never going back.
1	I was part of the happy, fun group that went in last weekend and it was the buzzkill of the night. The doorstaff was rude, then completely ignored a man-not part of our group shove me. It was close enough to the door to be seen by them. Another patron had to intervene and get the guy out of my face. Maybe they should pay a little attention to what is going on in the bar!
1	Went there just minutes after the New Year just to escape the crowd. Walked in with my friends for a drink. My buddy orders us drinks, Vodka cranberry. We watched the bartender gal prep our drinks Vodka and cranberry 60/40 which looked fine. But after taking a sip, it tasted very water down. It tasted more like water with a splash of cranberry (very weak). It was too crowded to complain and I don't think it would matter. They must have been diluting the Vodka bottles and this was probably the worse.
2	I wonder if this place is supposed to be like the "dive bar" version of Hooters?  I'm reading all of these reviews plus knowing this place is a corporate chain (one need only enter their gift shop to see that) and I'm feeling it is.  My mom and I were there long enough to buy one beer and drink it down last Friday night before taking in the stomp stylings of the bikini-topped bartenders.  The place was way too loud and obnoxious for there only being about 15 people (this includes the staff).  Then there was some guy sitting on a chair at the front of what appeared to be a stage and all I could think to myself was, "is he the grand wizard?" I wondered if they were having their Klan meeting there that night.  The blaring southern classic rock and hillbilly music is really not my thing per se.  I mean, it's great every once in awhile to get your white trash on, but that's why I go to NASCAR races.  As far as "dive bars" go, it's so not.  I am interested in knowing how they price their tall boys of PBR though.  If they're $7, Toto we're definitely in corporate hipster wannabe territory.  Ick!
3	If you want a dive bar, that's what you'll find with Hogs and Heifers. It's loud, well -worn and feels slightly lawless. The bartenders dance on the bar and shout into megaphones, encouraging others to get up on the bar with them.  This is a menagerie by design. My friends and I couldn't help but wonder if the bra's that decorate the bar are all from patrons or if the owners took a trip to a thrift store. I see the comparisons to Hooters and I think it more accurate to say that it's somewhere between Hooters and Coyote Ugly (with a dash of the Harley-Davidson) ; it shares elements from those places and puts them into play in an even divier setting.  I would never go out of my way to go to H&H, but if I were in the neighborhood and in the right mood I'd stop in.
1	Stopped in for a drink Sat night around 7-ish. Didn't get carded, place wasn't that busy yet. Had  a drink & walked around Fremon St for a bit & grabbed some dinner. (Btw...Don B's @ Fitzgerald's was awesome!). Walked back to the motorcycle parked at Hogs 'n Heifers & figured we'd have one more & then head home. It was about 10pm or so & the place wasn't at all busy or packed like we've seen before on a Sat night on the old strip. One of the 3 bouncers carded us...no big deal. He was really snotty about it. Unnecessary, but ok, fine. When he went to put the wristband on me, he yanked on the sleeve of my jacket a little rough. I was just glad he didn't rip it (it was lambskin).  We get our drink, walk towards the stage area & there are a bunch of children sitting there! I'm thinking I would never take my kids to a place where there's an abundance of foul language & drunk women dancing topless on the bar. (Just sayin'). So on the way out, I asked the largest bouncer if he thinks its ok to have kids in there. Another one says "Yeah, we can. And, I saw thier permission slips". I just shook my head & said that's a shame. The smart-mouthed one mocked me like a 3 year old. I'm not surprised the place has gone downhill. Needless to say we will not be back.
4	I stumbled across this biker bar whilst waddling about Fremont Street after a meal at the Heart Attack Grill and wasn't disappointed...I met plenty of mad people from across America who didn't mind my complete ignorance about motorcycles!  The crazy belching bar tenders were hilarious and added a certain sophistication to the mix.  I was even forced to buy them drinks - the only downside to this was that you could hear them slosh when they were dancing on the bar...
4	A group of friends and I decided to try this place out since we were in the neighborhood. I figured this was going to be a super packed biker bar for a Saturday night. To my surprise, the bar was relevantly dead. There were some couples dancing, and a few open seats at the bar. We ponied up to the bar, got some large PBR's and some shots. The bartenders are a bit half of Hooters, bit half of Coyote Ugly. The mega-phone antics got annoying real fast. That is probably the only thing I really hated about it. They had a photo booth in there which was only $3 so my friends and I were all over that!
4	So much fun!!!!! The female bartenders are a hoot!!! Very entertaining.  Interesting posters and biker memorabilia on the walls.  Thought about leaving my bra with the others on the shelves behind the bar, but the one I had on was one of my few comfortable ones (aren't bras a terrible invention girls?) so I passed. Going to try out their outside barbecue one of these days and maybe I'll donate one to the cause then.
1	Went to this place on Sunday to meet up with friends.  I'd met a few people who said this place was great.  It looked great, the security and staff were great but the blond, big boobs bartender leaves something to be desired.  I waited and waited for her to serve me but she never did.  She did, however, take care of the WHITE guys on both sides of me and even took the time to reach over the counter to hug one of her female friends.  She would look me dead in the eyes but would not ask if I wanted anything.  And each time I yelled to get her attention, she ignored me.  Other patrons were taken care of her quickly and with a smile, what the what!!!!  I try never to use the race card but when it is this open it has to be said.  I would never go back to this place and if you are of color (or not) I would suggest you not go either.  Again the security and the other staff members were on point, THEY GOT ME A BEER but I don't think the bartender gave a crap.
1	I came here a long time ago during my first trip to Vegas and loved it because it was similar to a Coyote Ugly Bar.  I've been to Vegas over 6 times now and came to revisit Hogs and Heifers since I was downtown.  I was not impressed with this place at all.  There were 2 bartenders that greeted us quickly and we ordered a Coors Light and a Miller Light (each beer being $5) which is outrageous for a downtown bar.  There were bras and undies hanging from the ceiling (which I expected), a few tables around to sit, a lot of people hanging out, and older women dancing on the  bar. They played Rock music, which I liked, but then the bartenders would SCREAM really loud into these bullhorns and it stung my ears.  They did this multiple times during every song thinking it was cute and funny.  It drove me crazy, it ruined the song and hurt my ears.  It was like someone scratching their nails on a chalkboard.  SCREEEEEEK!!!   Ugh.  I was so frustrated with this we had to leave immediately.  Bartenders, please stop screaming loud into the bullhorns.  The songs sound great without the "commentary"!
3	LoudCash onlyBoobsLoudGet ready to stand a lotGood, no, great musicLoudGirls dance on barBartenders are funny bitchesLoudAll in all, a pretty fun bar, but this lilly white blonde girl who likes color felt pretty uncomfortable around all the rough bikers dressed in black leather.  I felt judged.
1	Went down to Hogs n Heifers last night on our bikes to meet several friends. Used to be bike friendly parking. Not anymore. Our plan was to sit outside and eat at Triple George's (closes at 10pm) and socialize (includes drinks which are normally purchased from H&H in 'go cups').  The H&H security team swooped down on us and advised us that since it wasn't our intention to go in to H&H and spend our time there - we couldn't park in front of their bar and ran us off!  Fortunately - I went in to Triple George's and received permission from them to park the bikes in their Valet section. Now THAT was service!  Hogs n Heifers can say goodbye to my patronage. PS - I'd prefer to give them  'no star' rating.
1	i have never in all of my life wanted to hit someone as much as i wanted to hit the bartender at this rancid joint. i grew up in biker bars and i wanted to play darts. no darts here, but a pool table, so me and the man started to rack. i went to the bar and ordered a vodka soda tall and a water from a young blonde twit. cash only - atm in the back. i liked the bartender - she was sweet. i go get cash. she hands me a flask-shaped bottle and i joke and say, "is this the bottle of vodka?" we laugh. she's making the drink and i figure out that the (huge) bottle of water is gimmicky and expensive. it's $3. she hands me my vodka drink ($7). the boy just wanted tap water, so i told her so. "i don't want the bottle of water, just a tap water will be great, thanks."she gives me a death glare. she gets a megaphone and screams to the bar that i was offering up my bottle of water for free to anyone who wants it. immediately she had a taker. i ask for my money - my $3. she laughs in my face and gives me no indication that she'd be giving me change for my $10. she stared, megaphone ready to scream more at me if i challenged her. obviously i didn't tip. i took the vodka drink and had the world's hardest time not throwing it in her face. i went to the pool table where boy was waiting. i told him we had to leave. i had the world's hardest time not spilling the drink on the felt.instead i poured it in the trash, grabbed the 7 ball, and slammed in on the floor. we left. fast.why would a woman treat another woman that way because she didn't want to pay $3 for a gimmick? why would anyone? if you could do me the favor of NOT going there, i would be so happy and grateful.
1	I get it, you chicks are badasses that keep bar and you are going to scream at everyone ...because you are badass chicks . And screaming profanities on a megaphone is like the way to prove you mean business. Let's see if you'd talk that shit if you weren't flanked by bouncers who could probably eat a large hotel . I was looking forward to a dive bar in vegas since everything else is so goddamn expensive, and I come from the land of the dive. All this place did for me was give me a headache
4	Have you seen Coyote Ugly? Well its just like that... Crazy drunken bartenders dancing on the bar, pouring shots in to patrons mouths, bikers galore. Love this place. When I go downtown I always end up at this dive. Very reasonable drinks and a one of a kind staff I always suggest this place. If you offend easily this is not the place for you. They also have a photo booth which is always a crowd pleaser.
4	It's raucous, it's raunchy and yes the bartenders are bitches on wheels that jump up and dance on the bars, but that's what it is. Cash only. Great music the night I was here with supposed patrons jumping in to sing or play and they were also very good. Not quite the biker bar but we all had a great time and ill bring the gang back again or intro some new ones on next Vegas trip.
4	I never been here before but always wanted too check it out. In long night of partying downtown with friends over birthday celebration last bar on drinking train. I loved the fact one of my friends had on tie the guys at the door told him lose the tie. You got too love bar that keeps too its character this place is nothing but crazy times. Where else do you go see women bras as decorations in rafters so too speak, anyone really dancing up on the bar, or best part see bartenders talking smack or even bartenders partake shots. The only thing is if not fan of loud places then not the place for you. I think fun place too party with group of friends, Make sure bring CASH that the only thing they take no credit. The bartenders are super cool hell anyone take shot with patrons! Love it!
3	Before heading out to this place, I read some reviews on this place and was definitely curious. Some yelpers hate it, some love it. I happen to like it.It tries to hard to be a dive bar but you can' t sell merch and have clean and graffiti free bathrooms and be called a dive. The only divey aspect is it's cash only.That being said, it's fun and yes, it's loud. When the jukebox is playing, their sound system really does suck. Harsh and tinny sound especially near the front door. Head towards the stage and it's less annoying.The live music, however, sounds good. Sound guy must know his stuff.Bartenders were cool, bull horning expletives left and right, but it's all part of the show. They jump up on the bar (move your drinks or they'll kick them off) and do some dancing, they ask for the ladies to join, some do, some don't. Service was pretty quick for being a busy place.The staff were cool, with the exception of the 'security' guys...dudes, crack a smile, it wouldn't kill ya.Tons of bra's hanging from the back of the bar. Boob photos galore plastered all over (apparently the photo booth gets a lot of action)The area is cool, a block North of Fremont street and there's a few other bars right around here, kind of a block party feel with the outdoor seating and all.So if you're into loud music and trashing talking chicks and a quasi-dive feel, check it out. If not, the Mob bar next door is probably a better fit.
4	like some previous reviews this is a not so typical bar, and when doing the Freemont Experience it is in a place that is unique in its self as it doesnt tend to blend in with the light show.  I went with a friend who actually gave up her support apperatis to the bar wall to bid farewell to a former BF who did her wrong.. but,, moving on she got a drink from the gal behind the bar and was ... yes invited to dance on the bar which was a good twist on the norm and its all about having a good time right?yea, the drinks are $$ but so is running a private business, and when I compare what I got for a $1 draft beer (6 ounce dixie cup), the price for a good ice cold bottle beer and and some crazyness is for me worth it..  and they do have a happy hour and the drinks are just as competitive as Freemonts finest.worth a look when you are in the area..
4	FUN FUN BAR!  We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon, place was fairly quiet, but not the bartenders!  Those ladies know how to kick up a good time, I highly recommend you stop by when you're in Downtown Vegas
4	Hogs and Heifers was a fun place to hang out.   Great for bikers!  It reminded me of a dive bar you would find on the east coast.  They waitresses were funny and interacted with the crowd in super fun ways (getting people up on the bar dancing, calling people out for what they were wearing/doing etc. . )  I give it a 4/5 because it was excessively loud.  I don't mean to sound like an old lady but the music was so loud my ears actually hurt when I left!!  I also wish they would offer some food options.  I'd recommend getting a drink here!  It was an experience!
1	about what I expected (for better or worse)...but they closed before 2am on a holiday weekend (actually kicked us out when we wanted to run back in to use their photobooth, the only reason I'd go back) - this ain't a real bar, not in Vegas...sorry
5	Awesome Bar, can be a bit loud!  Bring your attitude and you'll fit right in
1	Unbelievably awful place where cute twenty-something bartenders on power trips steal your money, shout insults at you through bullhorns and kick you out of the bar for not buying them shots. Sound like fun? Oh, and the booze is bottom-of-the-barrel trash and the prices are high. Enjoy.
2	Good idea. I can see a place like that doing well. I can totally see this as an edgy, fun, come on in and take no sh*t kind of establishment that could easily draw in customers of several age ranges. But these girls are trying so hard it all looks and sounds phony. Put the megaphone down if you can't stop screeching into it so loudly, your words are squeaky, incomprehensible, high-pitched explosions that are spaced just enough to make hearing a full song on the jukebox  impossible.I'm a grown woman. If I order a vodka and club soda, drink two of them, can taste no vodka, and walk out of there without so much as a buzz, then it's clear you're diluting my cocktails (aka stealing from me), and I will never put my money into your establishment ever again. Good luck.
1	Couldn't wait to leave this place. Went down for the 2013 sema kick off party . I didn't even get a chance to order the first drink when the bar maid asked " why did I look so f ' ing serious and sh*t ? "  Do people really come to a bar to be verbally abused and hand over money for watered down drinks ? I had my one drink as a favour to my friend who wanted to be there but after I slammed it down I made no bones about the fact I was leaving. If you like nasty bar maids screaming into a megaphone at ear splitting levels , calling you a bunch of f ' ing b*tches , and demanding that you jump up and cheer just because they are up on the bar, then have fun. I will never go there again nor would I recommend it to anyone.
1	Worst bar ever! Bouncers were rude and mean. They were pushy and just nasty. The cigarette smoke was so bad and the security staff were busy smoking and shoving into people spilling Payton's drinks. And it was not crowded inside. We ordered one beer and couldn't leave fast enough. Don't waste your time, money, and lungs in this horrible overrated bar!!!  Yuck. Took three showers to get the smoke out of my body/hair. Clothes wreaked.
4	Raucous, loud, rock-n-roll watering hole: fuck yeah!My exact recollection of my experience here is somewhat hazy; mostly all I can remember is having a blast.  I wound up at Hogs & Heifers with a fairly big group doing a downtown pub crawl.  It was kind of a relief to find a dark, dingy cave of a bar after all the lights and 'showiness' of the casinos.  The place wasn't too crowded when we arrived, and there was some kick-ass music blasting out of a robust sound system.  I'm not usually one for dancing (in public, anyway)... well, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right? :)
1	Do not waste your time.  I knew it was not worth a visit as soon as I got off my bike and took my gear and helmet off and put everything away. A wonderful looking man with tattoos all over his body came out to me and my motorcycle and he told me I needed to turn my bike around. He wanted me to back in, instead of pulling in forward.  I asked why and I told him I  don't see a sign that says I must  back in.  He said that's the way I like it. I like uniformity and you need to turn the bike around.  I said if I get back on that bike I am just leaving and I will not come in to buy lunch or beers.  To top it off my bike was the only bike in the entire parking lot for bikes.  This guy told me if I didn't turn it around I can leave.  I said fine and I left.  This man works as security at the Bar.  He has no class and has more money in his skin than he probably has in the bank.   I do not recommend anyone go there if this is the kind of people that are inside.  Be careful and be on the look out for this neanderthal.
4	This isn't my first rodeo!  H&H is one of the best bars in Vegas.  I have been to this establishment on multiple occasions and every time has been fun, exciting and not for the faint of heart.  If you do not like loud music, smoky air or personnel that will put you in your place then don't enter.  But if you want to get loud, dance or take off articles of clothing then go.  You never know who you'll meet at this place and really who cares. It's Vegas Baby!Leave your inhibitions at the door!
5	I absolutely love this place.  My husband and I frequent the bar when we get a chance.  It's a great place to lose your head in Las Vegas, and realize that no one, except for you, is going to remember what exactly you did last night.
4	I wanted the "Vegas Experience' and this place delivers.  Not only does it deliver, but it scares the hell out of me.  The bar is an upscale dive and is decorated trashy.    The bartenders are beautiful, dress trashy, and loud.  They talk dirty, they make jokes, and do their job well - they get you to buy drinks. Not a place for kids or families.  Several times the bartenders grabbed the microphone and either called someone out with very nice language or they are taunting customers to do shots.  Our clever bartender kept coming back saying "I'll buy you shots if you buy me shots". Not sure how it works but my buddy and I spend well over $100.00 in just under 1/2 hour of being there.It is worth stopping in for one drink. It is definitely a biker bar but there didn't seem to be any problems that I could see.
4	My girl and I stopped in for a beer on the way out of Fremont street because I stuck my head in the door just to see what it looked like inside, then , the entire bar started chanting for us to come in at the direction of one of the bartenders using a bullhorn ! Awesome.  How could we say no?  Every was so friendly and greeted us as we walked in.   It was only around 2pm on a Friday afternoon and we had a plane to catch , otherwise I would have stayed for who knows how long.   The vibe was good , and the bartenders were attractive and part comedians .  At one point everyone cleared the bar top so the bartenders could dance on top.  Seemed like a fun bar can't wait to come back to Vegas and hit this place up again
1	I'd call it a bar but whats the point when they won't serve you for no reason other than wearing the wrong team ballcap? Place is a dump, the bartenders are trashy and not even remotely attractive, even on Fremont levels. You want to have a better time on Fremont go somewhere else like The Griffin.
1	Saw this place and thought it would be a cool place to kick it.  I ordered two Jameson on the rocks, and gave the bartender I think her name was Dee a $100 dollar bill, she then gave me back $9 dollars! She then proceeded to avoid eye contact with me until I got extremely loud over their very loud music and demanded the rest of my money, which she conveniently knew exactly how much of my money was missing. This definitely put me in a bad mood and I left immediately.  This is a low place when your bartenders are trying to steal your money! hard times I guess!
4	A fun and raw experience worth trying while you're here.
1	Racist   This is my second and last time visiting this place.  Tonight I came here reluctantly but thought it would be an interesting experience for my parents. The joke security felt the need to single me and my family out because we apparently were "too drunk".  These guys are a joke.  My parents are 60 yrs old and had one drink each...God forbid they are affectionate during their first visit to Vegas.  I have seen people stumbling and falling on their way in...but the second they see a Hispanic group walking in, we aren't good enough for this place.  Thanks for employing skin head trash at your door.  NEVER AGAIN
1	Be careful. The bartenders will not give you your change back after ordering a drink.Either they're too drunk, or it's a way for them to get some extra cash into the bar (I'm guessing the latter). I ordered 2 beers, handed her a 20.00, and she walked away and didn't come back. I had to yell over at her, and she knew right away and gave me the exact change back. So that leads me to think she wasn't thaaaat drunk. I will not be coming back here.
2	This place is loud, cash only and has sticky floors in the women's restroom.  Cool decor all around the bar from the bras, to the wall of boobs taken from the photobooth to the American flags hanging from the ceiling.  The bartenders are all female (or at least the night I went there they were) and were wearing bikini tops, daisy dukes and smoking cigarettes.  It was cool to see a bar that made me want to scream "Murica' F*** yeah!" But it was just too loud, maybe I'm getting old and can't keep up with the hipsters but between the blaring music and the bartenders yelling through megaphones it was just a little too loud. Too loud.  Wouldn't mind hanging out there there if it was just a tad quieter, just a tad.  Besides that no complaints.  Oh yeah Cash Only.
5	Okay . . . This review is from a guy . . . and I'm pretty sure . . . my wife would not like this place . . . but for a place to go with a bunch of guys . . . this is the place.Bartenders in "daisy dukes" and bikini tops . . . yelling at patrons through megaphones . . . dancing on the bar . . . and tossing back shots.Definitely a guy bar . . . although . . . there were plenty of women as well . . . but still it is on my shall return list.
3	Have you ever heard the saying, "if it's too loud, you're too old?" Yes, it is the title of a truly terrible Kiss album, (aren't they all), but it is also the way I felt when walking into this place - it was so damn loud and apparently I'm too damn old! Maybe if the music would have been better it would have been more tolerable, but blasting Godsmack at 3:00 in the afternoon makes you wonder if you've been telaported into a scene from a really bad B-movie. Dark, stale and drizzled with just the right amount of tacky.The trip here was short but it wasn't really intended to be - total time spent: 5 minutes. The thing that really got to all of us was the bartenders manipulating and guilting you into buying them shots, which all happened via hand gestures and lip reading due to the aforementioned mood music. I know that seems to be the thing here, but really, "one for me too?" It's not like you're sitting down, introducing yourself, enjoying our company or even small talking us. It's was as if we were expected to participate in this alcohol based act of philanthropy. Can you imagine walking up to the counter at In-N-Out Burger, ordering a number one combo and having the person helping you ask for you to buy them one too? At $5.00 a pop I think it's a pretty fair comparison.
2	What do you get when an iconic NYC bar opens a second location in Las Vegas? Well, does it have a loud mouthy bitch in a low cut top serving drinks? Check. How about the big, fat doorman w/ bald head, leather vest and a long beard? Check. Will you hear "Slowride" played at a mind numbing volume? Check Again!!!So, what's the problem here? Maybe it's just the pretentious forced feeling that this place wants the reputation it didn't establish. Cool dive bars aren't chains. I don't think any of us think Applebee's when we tell people about our favorite neighborhood restaurant, but for the most part that's exactly what the Las Vegas H&H is. Sure it's got the look, the sound, plenty bikes and bad ass cars parked out front and no shortage of people playing the part, but it feels more like a production rather than a well earned atmosphere.I wanted to like this place, we've stopped there 3X but w/ so many bars in the Downtown area opening that aren't replicas of another location, you'll be like most and soon find a watering hole that better suits your taste. As one that spends a lot of time in Downtown, I'd say you'd never kick yourself for missing this place; but, if interest gets the better of you, you can always do what we saw most doing last time we visited: buy a drink, watch the bar theatre and pick up some Tchotchke to bring back to wherever your from to say you went.
3	Wow this place is crazy.  Crazy bartenders screaming into bullhorns and occasionally yelling at customers to do something, usually a shot, to drink more or to cheer loudly for the girls dancing on the bar.  Fun experience - different for sure but fun.
5	This place is loud & wild!!!!! If you can't handle either you better not come! Definitely not a place to go on a first date! They don't take credit cards so bring cash! Men be prepared to buy the ladies shots!! The girls get up on the bar every so often to do some country dancing so you better be paying attention & get your stuff off the bar or be prepared to be yelled at! lol it's all good & fun!! They have one pool table, small vending machine with snacks & gift shop is open during bar hours!!
5	Perfect place of you want a huge party and don't get offended easily! We had a great time but the girls do pick on the patrons (all in good fun) and its LOUD! Get ready for a wild party in Vegas!
1	I was downtown for an outdoor music event that was in the street right in front of this place. They had the doors wide open blaring their recorded music, totally conflicting with the live show.I mentioned it to the manager, and he was utterly rude and unprofessional. They have all of these intimidating looking bouncers, and the manager himself has the same appearance. It's like they want you to be afraid, that was my sincere impression.I went inside to get beers to bring back out, and it is about as tacky as it gets. Something positive was happening in the community, and they did their level best to ruin it. Don't support this place.
1	The bartenders are skanky hos, not sexy.  The intimidating bouncers are a real buzz-kill.  It's not all in good fun.  If you like loud insulting and rude experiences, you will love this place.  The 99% that is everyone else should walk out before being intimidated to buy shots.
2	Okay, we walked into this place by chance. It seemed loud and fun. However there was 8 people at the bar, every 5 minutes the bartender would scream that there was something new to celebrate, whether it was the couple next to us getting married ( "last  shot the missus is gonna take and swallows"...oh god kill me) or the kid next to me is 21, or my husband is wearing a sparkly shirt. Okay I'm in here for less then 15 minutes and we are all ready taking a shot apiece me and two others. Multiply that by $7  you got $63. We just spent $63 in less than 15 minutes during "happy hour". I had to leave so my poor husband wouldn't keep dishing out loot, that's not counting tips! The girls were fun and just doing their jobs but its a scam. Seems fun the first 5 minutes but you will soon be scratching to get the fuck out.
4	This place is good for one visit per trip.. If you dare!The main attraction is the female wild ass bartenders! This act is fun, funny and not for the weak- hearted!The girls will pick on the men in general; all for fun and to get their drink on! They demand men buy them shots ! The music is crazy loud and you can't hear any of your friends..drinks are somewhat strong- it's a good place to have a beer and a shot to get your adrenaline going!
4	Okay, so here is the thing, sometimes you just have to know what you are getting into. This place isn't for everybody, but if you are in the mood for a rowdy good time, this place rocks.Yes, it is loud, yes the bartenders are loud, yes they will call attention to you make fun of you, but it is all in good fun and that is what this bar is. If you are looking for a relaxing place to have a drink and a nice conversation then move on, if you are looking for a shit kicking, get drunk and party your ass off bar, then this is the place!So I walk in and the bartender immediately welcomes me, loudly, through the bull horn. I sit at the bar and she comes up and introduces herself to me. Her name was Kim and she was awesome. I order a drink and a shot, because it is that kind of bar.After a few minutes, I am on my cell phone checking in on Yelp and Facebook and Kim kills the music and gets on the bullhorn, "Hey Frank, but your phone away, this isn't f**king Starbucks!" I turn my phone around and show her what I am doing, "I'm just checking in on Facebook to give you some free publicity, but if you would like me to stop I will."Kim drops her head, because she knew that I got her back. The other bartender and four other customers high five me. Kim then offers to buy me a beer but only if I chug it. I of course agree, and Kim proceeds to have the entire bar chant my name while I chug the beer. After I finished Kim said "I kinda want to make out with you right now." I said bring it on, but she didn't.So yeah, I had a good time.And that is the kind of bar that this is. If you aren't looking for that, then go somewhere else. But don't go to Hogs and Heifers and then bitch about it on Yelp. It's your own fault for going someplace that wasn't your style.The one negative that I will say about this place is the bartenders did spend an inordinate amount of time trying to get customers to buy them drinks. "I need a beer, who wants to buy me a beer?" "I haven't done a shot without using my hands yet, who wants to buy me one?" "Who wants to see us do Tyrannosaurus shots? Buy us Tyrannosaurus shots!"That did get a little old, although the Tyrannosaurus shots were fun.
3	Fun bar. The bartenders are very entertaining and funny. Don't come here if you're PG. They are very potty mouth. Pretty sure it's considered a biker bar.
4	Me and my husband had a really great time the drinks are well priced and the bartenders are very entertaining I will definitely be coming back I thought it was so fun that they dance on the bar it has a country club rocker vibe the music is loud!!!
5	It's everything you want in a dive bar, hot drunk women, pool table, and.. PHOTOBOOTH! If you're ever in old Vegas please please please make your way to this bar. I adore this place, my first time I was greeted by the bartender yelling, HEY BABY WHAT DO YOU WANT?! At first I thought she knew me from somewhere but I quickly learned, nope she's just cool as fuck, and wanted to get me drunk. I DONT MIND THAT. She later on grabbed me and pulled me up on the counter to bump and grind with the other bartenders and a handful of drunk women on the bar top. So what else would you like in Vegas? You got it all here. And I felt like a local at this point. Great place
1	gross nothing but flat chester boyish looking bartenders that these dudes were drooling over, it was too damn loud and for a Sunday too over the top all those chicks were beat and the vibe was very unwelcoming to women.  Women visiting Las Vegas a very unfriendly bar to women
1	Obnoxious place. Being from Wyoming, we have lots of authentic place like this.  This was too much, disgusting and over the top. It was across from hotel so we thought we'd try it but i'd suggest you don't. Not fun, not authentic and crude.  Don't waste your time or $.  Bartenders were nice, that's it!   Would have given 0 stars if possible.
4	great bar, very down and dirty atmosphere and all the employees really seem to enjoy being there. the bartenders do an excellent job of keeping the party going even on slow nights. The prices are also very reasonable for the area. The only reason I rate this a four instead of a five star is that it does have a "No Colors" policy while claiming to be a biker bar.
2	So one day after our trip to the Mob Museum down the street we stopped here for a drink. We order 2 beers and stood around for a few minutes at the bar while the bartender pours us our beers. We were just chillin talking about some of the stuff we saw at the museum. While we're waiting one of the bartenders jumps up on the counter comes over to us and starts dry humping the air right above us. I think she was trying to get our attention and get us to be more rowdy. I thought it was funny because I've never seen an ugly flat chested no ass having skinny little girl dance like that before...oh wait, yea I have..mylie cyrus on MTV. Anyways we kind of ignore her and continue planning our party for later that day. The girl dry humping the air gets pissed that we're ignoring her, gets on a PA system and says something about how we're completely oblivious to a "hot girl" shaking her "ass" in front of us and that we "might not be into girls". haha ok yea it was a good joke I get it, im sorry sweetheart but if you really want my attention you're gonna have to look better than that. I've had way better looking chicks come up to me before. There was nothing she had that would have gotten my attention. The other 2 girls behind the counter weren't very attractive either. I understand they were just trying to get our attention but these girls are far from hot. Maybe after 6 or 7 shots of Jack they will be. We get our beers and have a seat at a small table in the center of the bar. Almost immediately after we sit down another girl behind the counter gets on the PA and starts giving us shit for sitting "away from the action". At this point I started to figure out exactly what type of bar this was. Its rowdy, loud, theres a lot of friendly shit talking, and you have to be just as wild to have fun here. We didnt have time to stick around long enough to do that so we go right to the bar and order 3 shots, 2 for us and 1 for the bartender. I tell the girl "I think you want us to be more lively and get loud SO give us some shots and one for yourself too and lets get this shit going". She asks us what we want and I told her to pick as long as its something crazy. The girl gives us a shot of peach juice. Seriously? a shot of juice?? and they call this place a biker bar! There might have been a little bit of alcohol in it but it wasnt enough for us to taste it. She really just mixed up some sweet liquor with juice and gave it to us. If i wanted a shot of some b!+ch drink I wouldnt have asked for something crazy. She just gave me one of her favorite girlie drinks. If you wanna get loud and call people out you better be ready to back yourself up and take a shot of some real shit like a boss! People here like to pretend they are hardcore and party hard and that this is a real biker bar but its far from that. I like the atmosphere and the rowdiness of the place but please get some better looking chicks that know how to please their customers. We couldnt stay for long so I didnt really get a chance to talk shit back to the girls and get wild but next time im in Vegas im definitely coming back here to have some REAL fun and maybe then ill update my review.This was my first visit and I wasnt sure if its a no rules anything goes bar or if we talked backed to the girls for talking shit to us we were gonna be confronted by the weak looking bouncer at the door. At least now I know anything goes here.  A weak review for a mediocre bar with weak drinks and not so hot girls that think they are the shit. Im hoping my next time here will be better.
1	COUNT YOUR CHANGE! These girls repeatedly shorted us - and not just by a couple bucks. Handed her a $100 for a Jack and Coke and got back two $5's and three $1's.  As soon as I'd complain they'd make it right but this happened to me 3 times and my brother yet another time. Basic thievery.
1	Horrible, bikefest bikers want to hear the music but stupid women keep screaming on the microphone and bull horn. So annoying had to leave and walk up to fremont! Get a a clue hogs
4	Got thin skin? Don't go here. Don't like it loud? Don't go here. Want a good time? Go here.See you Saturday!
1	I was apprehensive about this bar--a country music biker bar is not typically the most welcoming place for minorities. But I went anyway and actually found myself having fun. At least I was, until the bartender grabbed a bullhorn and launched into a racist rant about Mexicans. Thanks, Hogs and Heifers, for confirming all my worst stereotypes.
5	As a biker this is the only bar in town that serves my personality.  It's loud and wild.  The girls are rowdy and will bust your balls.  For a good time give it a shot and take a shot while you're there.  If you're weak hearted and faint of soul then avoid at all cost.
