5	We went here today to get a new windshield for my Nissan Xterra (fix it ticket ick). And honestly I was not looking forward to the pain my pocketbook was going to be feeling from this one (once we asked ourselves if paying the ticket would be cheaper than the windshield- HA) But honestly, United had the best price quote of anyone in the city and that's why I chose them. The side benefit from selecting them was that there was no wait for us this morning (we got in at almost 9am) and they were super friendly and all around excellent to deal with.
5	Amazing! Great price! Fantastic customer service! This company gets A+ all around. Helen, the receptionist, was exceptionally helpful when I first called and gave me a wide variety of options; after market, OEM or original. And all the price quotes were the lowest out of 7 other companies I called.The rests of the staff was courteous, friendly, prompt and technically qualified. They even cleaned out the car from all the broken glass that was laying around.I had to change out the entire back window unit of my Dodge Ram 1500. The left panel was smashed to pieces, which made it impossible to change only that panel since it's fused as a unit. Had it been the center back piece sliding window, that alone could have been replaced. They salvaged that for me and placed it on my seat in the event I would need it in the future, honest and thoughtful.Look no further, this is for sure the BEST company for your auto glass needs.
5	Fair prices! Great customer service! Had a chip repair & 2 windows tinted in less than 45mins and less than $80 (depending on how big chip is and how many windows need tinting) just call them & check em out. Straight foward pricing no hidden fees or tax. Owner was very helpful & knowledgeable with my millions of questions :)
5	Got a massive crack on the Prius' windshield during some aggressive driving on the way to Vegas (yes.... not all Prius drivers drive like grandmas). I called and they quoted me a price under $200 to REPLACE the windshield. I thought I had heard wrong, but decided to check it out. And yes it was under $200 (labor included) to replace the windshield!. And apparently the windshield manufacturer is the same company that used to make the OEM parts, so the quality must be decent. There are no leaks, and fit appears to be really good. To cap it all off, they do offer a warranty plus will fix 1 or 2 chips for FREE in future (if you are unlucky enough to get any).
4	Life decided to keep throwing rocks at me and apparently pebbles at my windshield leaving a decent crack on my windshield. Luckily I pulled out my phone, Yelped windshield repair, and BAM United Auto Glass. Made an appointment the same day and was amazed that the price ($157) was only half of what the other company with the attractive jingle on the radio and television. Apparently they use products from the same OEM manufacturers that the major auto companies use as well, so one should expect the same quality.Overall good experience, receptionist was friendly, small lobby to wait, and they work quick (only there for around 40 minutes). My only quirk is that the windshield wasn't exactly the same like they told me (missing a light tint bordering the windows) and they left a small scuff on my paint.
5	These guys and gal were incredible! The man that owns and manages has his wife as the receptionist and she was quite helpful and knowledgable. She made sure to ask me the right questions before setting up my appointment.My window was out of the track and the dealership wanted $315 to fix. UNITED AUTO GLASS charged me $40 for the fix. It only took a half hour and I was back on the road in time for work.  They also took the time to tighten my door panel as it had always been loose in one spot. Which I didn't even ask about prior.I would recommend this establishment in a heart beat - they are honest friendly and definitely know their sh*t!
5	Ok here is my review.Not the cheapest nor the most expensive car tinting place. However, service they provide is Fantastic! I almost cancelled my appointment because I have to work and can't leave work to pick up my car. Helen tells me no problem she can drop the car off to me. I tried to pay first and she refused and said that they will collect after the job is done. This is a truly professional business and I would HIGHLY recommend everyone that needs tinting or auto glass done to use them. They are truly 5 stars in quality and service!
5	Super fast service, friendly, and cheaper than other places I called.My BMW windshield cost 167 dollars (oem, no sensors attached) and it was done in an hour. I can't see anything wrong with the fit. No leaks.They were also kind enough to transfer my gate sticker from my old windshield the new one so I could get home.I'll recommend these guys to anyone.
5	I found United Auto Glass on Yelp and based my decision to use them solely on the rating and reviews provided.  I was able to get a same day appointment and my small rock chip repair was done in under 30 minutes, at what I believe to be a very fair price! I would (and will) recommend this business.
5	Great Customer Service. Helen was very sweet and patient with my questions. The guys were honest and weren't just trying to rip me off. They were nice enough to walk me through it step by step and even took me to see my car while it was taken apart so I know exactly what was going on with it. Very glad I chose to stop by with them.
5	Second time around! Helen and Brian are hands down the most personable and honest business people. The back window of my truck was broken, again-first in 2012, and I needed the middle panel to be installed. Their crew did it in 20 minutes! And cleaned up the mess from the break-in. And the icing on the cake was the once again fair and reasonable price. Highly recommended!
1	Had a huge crack on my windshield and decided it was time to replace it. I brought my car to United Glass because of the great reviews. They do have the best prices. My windshield cost me $166. I don't think that price can be beat. Install took an hour and I was on my way. I noticed that when I got up to 40 mph that their was a horrible wind noise. It just got louder as I went faster. Once I got on the freeway it was so loud. I thought maybe it would go away so I decided to wait a week. It didn't get better so I called Helen and she told me to bring it in. I brought it in and they worked on it for an hour. She told me that it would be slightly better but still would have noise. So she said it would be better to make another appointment and have the windshield pulled and reinstalled. I agreed to come back. So I brought it back and it took two hours. They actually installed a brand new windshield. I was happy that they redid it. So I took my car and once again the noise was there. This time it was louder then the first windshield. Its disappointing when you pay for something and its not exactly what you want or you're not happy with it. I'm not going to argue the price is great but that's about it.Because of the rainy weather we're having right now I've got water leaking onto my dash because the windshield wasn't installed properly!Update 9/8/2014: Had the windshield replaced again but through a company called Auto Glass Authority. Because of the possibility of rain this week had to replace it. Had to shell out $240.00 but will post a review on them later.
5	Jeep wrangler Rubicon 7 Windows and strip on the front. Limo tint on the back 5, MN 35 on the driver and passenger. Total was $160 super nice accommodating folks and the tint looks amazing!
5	THE most legit glass shop in town. They've worked on two of my cars on a few separate occasions & have done nothing but an awesome job. While some glass shops leave you with wind noise, crooked glass, purple tint, or just a messy job in general, United Auto Glass very professionally installed original Lexus glass.
5	Came here to tint the front windows to my Venza.  I called to make an appointment as I planned on doing this during my lunch break from work and didn't want to be too long.  Helen was very helpful on the phone.  She gave me a quote (they're the best prices in town!) and made my appointment.  I show up the next day and my whole appointment took 30 minutes.  I was in and out.  The tint looks great! They did an awesome job.  Helen went over the warranty info with me before I was off on my merry way.  Great customer service! Great work! And awesome price! :) Most definitely would recommend them.  What a great find!
5	I've taken three automobiles to UAG for tint jobs and Brian and Helen always take good care of me. Great family business with great customer service. They will definitely continue to get all of my future business!
5	Don't ignore a small crack in the windshield caused by a flying stone - it can spread out to a wider area of the windshield and costs you $$$.You don't have to take my word for it: http://www.wikihow.com/Repair-a-WindshieldInstead, take your car to United Auto Glass - it only costs $25 for a small dent, and that's exactly what I did!Honest and fast service.
5	"glass problem" Great customer service and quick repair, had a side window glued no problem what so ever thank you Helen :)
5	Brian, the owner was very professional and gave me a lot of information to be able to make a decision about the type of tinting that I would need for my front windshield. I got a crack on my windshield from a rock so I needed my windshield replaced as well as the tinting that I originally had done on the glass. I was in and out in about an hour and a half. Great price and service. It's nice to find a place that you can deal with honest people. I would not hesitate in going back.
5	Thank you United Auto Glass. I really didn't think my rear view mirror could be fixed, especially with the piece of glass that came off the windshield. Your guy attached it really well, had a nice smooth ride back to Palm Springs. Your customer service is excellent and your price was very reasonable.Also a huge thanks to Yelpers for helping me find this place.
5	Our car was broken into from the rear passenger window on Christmas Day. Although we lost many valuables, we continued to enjoy the holiday as best we could. The wind noise from an open window causes the most annoying thundering sound on the freeway. So that night was arts and crafts and beer for a temporary fix. Cardboard and tape held up until we arrived in Las Vegas.After 3 price quotes, United had the best price and the glass available same day. We were in and out within 45 minutes. Look no further, this is where you can be rest assured you're getting quality work done for a reasonable price.
