5	Love the food! Can't beat the $5 gyro & it's good too
1	Good gyro deal. The new ownership and staff is EXTREMELY rude and uncooperative. I called to ask if they had any pizza/wing specials and I was told to go to their website, a website that DOESN'T EXIST! It's unfortunate that the old ownership is gone, I liked them....
1	Driving on Fort Apache, turned into the driveway and looked for a parking spot. Didn't plan on going here but since KFC and Taco Bell are available almost on every corner, Why not try another Pizza Spot..One of Worst Pies I ever laid my teeth on:Medium Pepperoni Pizza: I watched them pull out the pre-prepared pan already stuffed and flattened with dough. Hmm.. I haven't seen this in a while.. Well, can't judge by that alone but I can judge it after I have it! Crust was as thick as a pizza hut pan pizza, more on the thick side but not real deep dish. The dough had an awful flavor and consistency was similar to those microwavable Celeste pizzas! Cheese didn't taste any better. Pepperoni were spread evenly and not loaded, also tasted cheap in my opinion.I thought, Marcos Pizza was the worse pizza I've had But this place makes them look good?! Just telling it how it was.. (I did try this place a while ago, so maybe they changed their ingredients or recipe..)
3	They have a $5 Gyro special that lured my friend and I there yesterday. It was serviceable but not the best Gyro by far in Vegas. I think this place suffers from an unfocused menu. They seem to be a Brazilian restaurant and not a Greek restaurant like they were in the past. The service was a bit slow as well, but nothing to really complain about.
2	They have passed out fliers in the past by the business around here and we had one sitting on our kitchen counter for a while.  So we finally decided to go.  The reason why I didn't go before was I had a bad experience here during my pre-yelp life.  But you know me - always willing to give it another whirl.  Especially since a lot of time had passed and they were touting new owners/management.OK - so we get there and I see that not much had changed there.  They still had canned drinks only.  No drink fountain.  No fear, I did drink a lot of water that morning.  The single can of soda made me feel sad.  I would have rather had water.It took a while for us to be "waited" on. Huh-huh-huh... No, not funny.   We were the ones doing the waiting.   When we finally got to order, we opted for the the $5.00 Gyro special.  It took a very long time for the food to come.  When it finally came I immediately started eating. Not bad.  I am a sucker for gyro's and fries.  Unfortunately, service is part of the equation when I rate a business.  This place had close to no service.  I also felt ripped off because of the "waiter" service, I am obligated as a decent human being to live a tip. If this place would invest in a real drink fountain, some more focus on SERVICE and allow people to order at the counter and pick their food up at the counter a-la fast food style, then I think it would be a winner.They also tout a Brazilian menu items here and it did seem to bring a lot of business for their Brazilian food while we were there. Waiting. Watching. Waiting...I so hoped it would be a winner too because I need a good gyro supply by my work place.
2	My co-worker brought me food from this place for lunch today. It wasn't very good. He said the service wasn't very good either.I got a steak and eggs meal. The steak was really really tough. The marinade or  seasoning was not good but it was edible. The rice sucked - really mushy. The beans were not good at all. The eggs were not bad. The 2 stars go just for the french fries!! They were great!! They remind me of NJ diner fries :)  I don't recommend going here. It's kind of disappointing bc  they have all these pics of UFC stars (vitor belfort and gsp) eating there, saying that they loved the food. Blahh.
1	My bf really wanted pizza so we decided to try this place out. The service is terrible and the pizza was the greasiest thing I have ever seen. The combo is a can of soda and nothing else. I am never coming back here again!!
1	This place is whack, don't waste your time! If you're lookin for that Mom and Pop's fabulous experience you WON'T find it here. This place has no music while dining, has no menu when you walk in, and gives you a lousy canned soda with your order. This place simply has no experience worth remembering. Don't be fooled by the special posted in the window. I've had better carnival food! Save yourself the hassle and walk 2ft over and get yourself a killer teriyaki bowl from Yogi's!!
5	The Boca do Brasil is a great place to eat. I go there with my family and we always have a great experiences. The food was simply delicious, we left satisfied by the homemade food.The Coxinha is so  amazing.This is a small family-owned restaurant in Las Vegas,  and is great that we are just have good things to say.
5	Went here today to get some Brazilian bites.  This place is great!  For anyone who's been to Brazil or even wants to try some tasty authentic Brazilian food, this is the best place in town.Prices are a bit on the high side but nothing unreasonable.  Ambience is a little lacking, just some tables and plain walls, but the service was good considering it was standing room only.  We tried the coxinhas and pasteis as well as the obligatory can of authentic Guarana, and everything was great!
5	I really don't understand why this place has bad reviews, their brasilian food is really good, after all, the name of the restaurant is boca do BRASIL!! They serve picanha which is a brasilian meat cut that is out of this world, if you want to eat this meat youll have to pay $50+ and go to a brazilian steakhouse. Here they have it well cooked, well seasoned for about 13 or 14 bucks. They have strogonoff which i really loveeeeee, they are sweet people, trying to run a business. Stop making it hard for them and stop giving bad reviews because they only have canned drinks. really??!!! oh and by the way, you have to wait for the food because THEY ARE MAKING IT FRESH. Their food really is delicious.
3	I ordered a gyro sandwich. It was good. I'm surprised they don't offer falaffel here though.
5	Love the food, real authentic Brazilian!Ask for the lunch special is awesome. Fantastic service.
5	The best Brazilian food in Vegas. Family owned and run. Family recipes. Just like mama makes!!!!  And shes the one in the kitchen.  Heard about it all the way from CA. A must stop when in town!!!!
2	Oh man, I had high hopes for this place. We had two waitresses. The first one was very friendly. The second one was nice but a bit dry. :o/ Sorry waitress, but you need to be more upbeat!! Especially if you want to wake this girl up to eat at your establishment. We came around 11am. We were the only ones there but people started to trickle in for take out. Wish I took a menu so I could remember the names of our dishes. :o/Our order: Coxitan: Tasted like a deep fried breaded mashed potato ball with chicken. Pretty good. The potato inside was warm but the chicken was just room temperature. #8 Steak and Eggs: So disappointed with this dish. The egg looked overcooked and dry and the steak was UNSEASONED! Come on guys, just a bit of salt will do the trick.#9 Steak with potatoes: A bit better, but it really didn't even look the dish on the menu. It was just one potato, not even cut. Still good, but eh. #Gyro: I was expected nicely sliced lamb or beef. But it tasted like sausage? Breakfast sausage? Still I enjoyed this dish. The pita bread was nice and soft.#X-Americano: Ham, egg, cheese sandwich (on a hamburger bun). Nothing special but I liked this better than the gyro.And well, that was it. That was my experience there.
1	I was born and raised in Brazil. Every time my wife and I vacation in Las Vegas, we eat at this place, we try to support local businesses as much as possible. This restaurant used to be good .There are two waitresses, one is very nice, but the one who is always at the register could work on her people skills, too dry. I ordered 2 beef parmegianas+2 pastels+2 cans of guarana=41$, pricey. The meat was terrible. Both steaks had a huge piece of nerve right on the center, taking up 50% of the steak. The nerve was as hard as bone. The 2 cans of guarana were 3 bucks each. When the lady took them out of the fridge, they were still warm so I asked for a refund and she refused saying "you got to understand, we barely put the cans in the fridge, and it's just $6, take something else instead! " so I ended up taking 6 cans of coke. Although the pastels were good, this place is a joke! I'm never going back! check out 3 photos of the huge nerves.
5	I read the reviews about this place but went anyways because I love authentic Brazilian food, and I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is definitely more laid-back than a fancy restaurant, but we had no problems with the service and the food was great; good portions, great flavors. The server was friendly and more than accommodating  when we requested a few extra things (a side of rice and beans for our little girl, etc.). The wait for food was what you'd normally expect, and it was nice and hot when we got it. Portions were good too. Neither my wife or I could finish our meals. Be sure to try the Coxinha (chicken with the catupiry cheese), and ask for some farofa to put on your rice and beans. The dessert cake (chocolate coconut with condensed milk or something) was amazing.
5	This place was recently taken over by a Brazilian family. Definitely try ANYTHING from the Brazilian part of the menu. The pizzas are good too. Really good food and decent prices. They are still trying to get the hang of serving because their main focus seems to be to-go orders. I am usually there at least once a week.
5	I love their pizza!  I keep meaning to try the rest of the menu but I am so in love with their pizza that I just never get around to it.It's definitely more of a carry out type eatery than a sit down and eat restaurant, but I just can't get enough of it.The lady behind the counter who usually takes my order is also very friendly.
4	Good food and good price but very simple place! It could be better organized!! I tried the piranha and I liked it very much! Plus they have guarana
5	Not sure why this place doesn't have a better review. Everyone always treat me very good and the food is very yummy. It reminds me of my mom's cooking back in Brazil. The owner is super sweet. She always comes out to say hi. If you are looking for a Mom and Pap restaurant this is the place to go ;)
1	So I decided to try something brand new and Brazilian food sounded very interesting for me. I made the biggest mistake of my life. This is my first experience with Brazilian food but I'm sure this place does not do it justice.When I walked in, the lady told me she would be right with me and walked to the kitchen for a good 10 minutes. Then another customer came in and she took his order right away ahead of mine. Again, after taking the second customers order, she told me she would be right back.Just when I was about to leave she comes back out and asks "what do you want?" I the rudest tone you can imagine.I had a lamb gyro combo which included salad, fries, the gyro, and a drink.I was surprised when the wait wasn't long since she made me wait so long already. Then I realized why it was so fast.I'm not joking when I say the lamb pieces looked like microwaveable sausage patties. The fries looked like microwave food as well. I figured I should be open to all types of food, but this place has almost scarred me for life. I hope I can find a place to change my mind about Brazilian food.
5	Was craving a gyro but didn't want to go too far out of my way. I was skeptical about gyros from a Brazilian place but I was pleasantly surprised. The meat wasn't the typical shaved off the spit kind. It was more like elongated thin meat patties that tasted like regular gyro meat but they were juicer and less salty. I would definitely get them again.
5	OMG i was in brazil for a month and fell in love with brazilian food..I was referred to this place and i was so excited and not disappointed in the food and service.. I got the COXINHA absolutely delicious.. and the Linguica Acebolada which is smoked sausage and grilled onions with rice and beans and fries..Defiantely worth eating here if you love Brazilian food!!!!
2	I've been once before a while back and was amazed by the coxinha. so I went back today and ordered that, the pastel with the sausage, and the lamb gyro. I have to say that the first bite of coxinha was awesome then it just went downhill. it wasn't as good as I remembered or wanted to remember. the best out the things I ordered was the gyro. altho I have to question if it was REAL lamb that I ate. it seemed like a hybrid mystery meat. the pastel, I don't even know what that's supposed to be but it seemed like giant fried flour with canned sausage meat and mayo inside it. couple bites and I couldn't even eat it.  I don't think I'll ever come here again. if you are in the mood for some Brazilian food then start with the coxinha since it's their popular item.
3	This was my first time eating brazilian cuisine, I might not be able to provide a useful review. However, I will try my best basing this review from my experience and taste of food. When I opened the door I thought that I came to a wrong place because the first thing I saw were swimsuits for sale. I did not expect that at all. I seated myself because it was a small restaurant and it was almost empty. The server came over and took my order. I ordered the steak that comes with two fried eggs, fries, rice, salad and beans. The food was alright, a bit pricey for me. I kind of regretted not going somewhere else for the price i paid which was 12-14$ including the tip. I cant compare this with other braziian food other than brazilian steakhouse I've been to which is very different. The steak is pretty salty, in fact, salt is all i tasted. The eggs made the whole dish better though. I still recommend for you guys to give this place a try. not bad and good service.
5	I think part of the reason for sone of the negative reviews are because people are expecting this restaurant to be on the same level as Texas de Brazil. Many people think Brazilian food is just what they eat at these expensive restaurants, without ever eating what people in Brazil eat every day. Unfortunately I think this affects their reviews.I lived in Brazil for a few years, and since returning to the US I have missed eating what I ate in peiples hones every day. The coxinhas, beans, rice, meats, salads, and even pasta dishes that I craved butbcould never find here in Vegas. Someone told me about Boca de Brazil and I knew I had to visit. Im glad I did. Everything on the menu I have tried is absolutely amazing.  The Coxinhas in particular are made the same way they are in Brazil, and are huge. My in laws from Europe had their pizza during a visit and they told me it was the best pizza they have had in the US. I have always had superb customer service and the family that owns it are Brazilian. The mother recognizes me now when I come in and alwayd makes it a point to poke her head out of the kitchen to tell me hello. I woukd recommend any of their dinner and lunch plates, as well as their coxinhas and pastels.  Again, try the pizza, especially with chicken and catipuri cheese, you won't regret it. I hear they are contemplating another location. If it is on the east side of town I am going to get into some trouble!
2	Walked in because it smelled amazing..walked out because we received no service after waiting 10 minutes.  Maybe I'll try it again, then again, no.
5	Probably the Best food in Vegas for the money. So unique! So tasty. Never had anything here that I don't like
5	Delicious, home cooked Brazilian meals! My husband and me have come here previously for lunch and decided we wanted to try them for dinner. They are inexpensive and very tasty. When you first enter the restaurant, grab a menu from the cashier stand and take a seat yourself (if there is no waitress) because sometimes the waitress is tied up in the back. As I said the food is awesome! I had the Chicken Stroganoff which was a totally different version then what im used to! It was made with a tomato based cream sauce and no noodles but served with rice. It was AMAZING. I actually enjoyed it more then the traditional Stroganoff. My husband got the Gyro which he loves, ALWAYS! Perfectly seasoned meat, great portion! We will definitely keep on coming here!
