3	Okay so Easter Sunday did not turn out as I had planned but further more I was glad that I didn't have to end up in the ER for an ear infection. This place has the greatest concept of checking in online and waiting at home and that is exactly what I did. I checked in at 3am because that is the time I woke up with a horrible earache and received a call around 7:30am saying doors open in 15 minutes and I was the first one on the list to be seen. I got there right on time and 5 minutes after me a man arrived. Well they saw him first which annoyed me, obviously. I was told I was 1st to be seen and showed up 1st but for some reason he was seen 1st so that was strike one. Second strike was the MA. She was very rude and she thought that I was an idiot and had no idea what I was talking about. When asked if something was normal for me I replied no and then she said, "well that's normal for everyone else so something is wrong with you." Well excuse me but I am no dummy and I know what is and isn't normal for my body. Anyhow the PA was alright not the greatest bedside manner but we got passed  that. I was just appreciative that I could figure out what was wrong with me in a timely manner and got the meds to hold me over til I can see a specialist. If you want you also have the choice to purchase the scripts for a flat rate right there which is very easy  for many.
1	I bring my husband in this past Friday around 4 p.m. (major symptoms).  He ends up vomiting and almost passing out in their waiting room.  Their receptionist was more inclined to ask the girl in front of us the number of her haircolor and more about her hair than deal with the ill person behind her who was next to passing out.  I didnt know she gets paid to have personal conversations with people, rather than dealing with the ill people coming in.  She was less than kind and less than professional.  NO people skills whatsoever in a customer service oriented position.  Highly unprofessional (as was the rest of the staff).  They also should triage their patients like the emergency room to see who needs to be treated first based on the symptoms.  The physician's assistant was pretty ok, but the staff was LESS THAN competent and LESS THAN professional.
5	After visiting another urgent care this week and having an awful experience, I thought I should take a minute to praise NextCare for the great service! I have been here multiple times with 3 of the 4 members of my household. We always check in online and have less than 10-15 minutes from walking in the door to talking to a doctor!! We have used this urgent care for many different ailments, ear infections, strep, bladder infection and body rash (to name a few) and for ages ranging from 3 months to 35 years. After visiting another urgent care this week because they were closer now that we have moved, I really understand how lucky we have been with NextCare! I will take the 20 minute drive for better care from now on!
5	Been here 3 times. Check in online waited no more than 5 min. The girls in the front desk are always smiling. One of my kids got a laceration in his forehead and instead of sending me to er PA Joseph took care of my son. Pa Joseph is amazing he explained everythin..."
2	Went there for the first time, had to take my boyfriend in to get checked out.  The girls at the front desk were friendly, polite, and made us feel like they actually cared, 5 stars for them.   The male doctor on the other hand was somewhat blah, he could use a better bedside manner and be a little more personable.  We would definitely return here, very very clean and organized.
3	Most people seem to be in the "love it" or "hate it" camps. In the real world, things are usually somewhere in between, especially over the course of several interactions. We've been here a couple of times, mostly for the odd cut or burn, and always been treated professionally. On our last visit, the issue was chest congestion, and we were amazed that nobody on duty could help. "I checked with the staff and they recommend you go to the ER by ambulance". I get the need to limit liability, and the difficulty of maintaining staff levels (this was a Sunday morning). But an ambulance? We left (fortunately, no charge), called the regular doctor's office on Monday, and we're in and out with the Nurse Practitioner in 15 minutes on Tuesday, prescriptions in hand. Bottom line: this is a good place if you're there for the things they can handle (cuts, burns, vaccinations), but maybe not everything that ails you.
5	I have been here multiple times and have had nothing but amazing service! All the staff is great. Awesome with kids and very thorough. The web check in is so convenient! Use it.
5	i've seriously never recovered from any sickness sooooo fast!!!i was rushed here by my wife and mother because i seriously felt like i was getting sparta kicked in the chest every 10 seconds while coughing. it turns out that i had bronchitis and pneumonia at the same time... (i know... fml right???)the pac christin anzini, was able to diagnose me fast and give me the proper meds to get me better.i was literally better the next day!!! thank you sooooooo much christin!!!! you're awesome!!
4	Clean and get u in a room pretty quick but then u have to wait... I realise its easter weekend and im glad we aren't at the er
1	The three times I've gone here I've gotten falsely diagnosed or given the improper care, the last time I went they called me and told me I needed to go to the hospital because my white blood cell count was high, they made me feel like if I didn't go I could die, so I went and nothing was wrong with me, I now have a $1200 hospital bill AND the bill from them, definitely NEVER coming back
5	Great service! Great doctors and nurses! We had just moved here didn't have a primary yet and didn't want to go to actual ER, they were efficient and helpful and GREAT  bedside manner. Gave my daughter a shot for her ear infection and she was better the next morning!!! Thank you so much for your help and being considerate! I wish the doctor we saw had office she would be our DR! Thank you for all your help!
