3	Heard about this place from a friend who had tried it a few days prior and said it was AMAZING authentic Taiwanese food ! This restaurant took over the Shan Dong restaurant that used to be here. Kind of hidden by a huge tree, to the right (North) of Boutique World NOTE: CASH ONLY ! ! ! ! ! !The menu says "Authentic Szechuan Cuisine for 50 years". To clarify, its not the Szechuan from China. As we were told by the waitress, the chef is from Taiwan and cooks authentic Taiwanese "Chuan Cai" which means village food/cuisine. Not familiar with taiwanese style foods, and it being lunch, my friend and I ordered from the lunch specials. All lunch combos served with 1 vegetable egg roll, steamed rice (or brown rice), daily vegetable (....wait what? i just noticed that LOL) and soup. $4.25 combo - ma po tofu, sauteed cabbage, glass noodle with minced pork, or scrambled eggs with tomato$5.75 combo - shredded pork with bean curd, shredded beef with bell pepper, chicken with garlic sauce, or sliced pork belly with bell peppers$6.95 combo - shrimp with scrambled eggs, shrimp with broccoli, beef with bean curd, or beef with mushroomNot a bad selection amount for lunch. Lots of food. Maybe restaurant isn't too known yet and it recently opened so not busy at all. Food came out pretty fast. The soup was a hot and sour soup. Strong on the white pepper. My friend didnt like it but i liked it. Normally dont order/get this soup. XD but it was pretty good. Shredded pork with bean curd - decent amount. lots of bean curd. flavored well. Sliced pork belly with bell peppers - lots of veggies vs pork belly. A bit on the salty side (for me). Not bad (salty wise) eaten with rice. Vegetable Egg Roll - not a fan of vegetable egg rolls but it was freshly fried. Hot and crispy skin. Vegetable........ yeah not a fan of that part. Lol Overall, not bad. Good deal for lunch. Would like to come back to try what my friend had gotten to see how it is. Apparently totally ordered the wrong things.
4	This Taiwanese restaurant has been open only for a week! It's very clean and the servers are knowledgable and courteous. We ordered the chef special which is the beef noodle soup. It has a hint of spiciness and the soup is warm and delicious in an interesting way--- I'm so used to Japanese ramen and Vietnamese pho-- so this Taiwanese version will take a while getting used to. The beef is obviously cooked in a slow fire and the cut is lean but flavorful  (not  fatty nor full of ligaments compared to other places I've tried before). I wish they have sriracha on the table to adjust the spiciness. My husband and I shared the big bowl and were really full and satisfied :) We also tried the fish fillet in bean paste as recommended by our very energetic server. It is sea bass filet, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The bean paste & chili sauce compliment the mild flavor of the fish. And boy, their serving is huge. We got 2 filets that could feed a family of 6!!! I also like that you have a choice of brown or white rice (I chose the brown rice and it has such a delicious chewy nutty flavor!) Overall, I like the experience and will definitely come back to try their other dishes esp the crab & spicy shrimp.
5	Authentic Taiwanese style Szechuan cousin! Love the pork chop rice and soy bean fish filet. Will definitely come back often!
4	I went here the other night with my friend who grew up in China. One of my other friends highly reccommended this place and said it was authentic Taiwanese food. Of course, I had to go and try it! My friend likes to order lots of food. I told her to pick whatever she wants because she has good tastes, so I have no idea what she ordered. Haha.  We had hot and sour soup, eggplants with something, 3 cup chicken, and fish filet with bean paste. I wasn't a fan of the 3 cup chicken. The flavoring was a bit weird maybe it was because they put too much basil.  I loved the eggplant and the fish filet. It was so awesome! The eggplant was very refreshing and very delicious. The fish filet was so awesome! It was huge too! I was stuffed because I ate so much!I did have an issue with my credit card. I got a notification (I get text alerts everytime my credt card is charge), and I got charged twice. They also overcharged. We split the bill, and they charged me $5 more. They fixed refunded me one of the charges and charged me the right price. On their end, it only showed one charge. They did tell us to come back if the charge did show up on my cc. They did call my friend a few days later (She left her number) and asked if I had been overcharged which was nice of them.  The servers were very attentive, and I liked the fact that they let us stay past closing and did not try to kick us out. And it was very sweet of them to call to check if I was overcharged.
5	This place is extremely clean and super friendly.   Food is very good and you can get lunch special that starts at $4.25.   Highly recomend.
3	The Skinny: came in for a good bowl of beef noodle soup and eggplant and left disappointed (2), service is very attentive and water glass is always full. Staff speaks primarily Mandarin though (4) value: their food lacks wok hai and flavor depth, but considering the level of service a 2.5 star place with bump up to 3.I was jonesing for some good Taiwanese beef noodle soup after a long road trip diet of Mickey D's. We used to frequent Taiwan Kitchen which sadly closed. So we've been on the prowl for some good Taiwanese eats.We came in and were promptly given menus. Unfortunately, there were some communication snafus (I don't speak Mandarin and the hubs is non fluent) but the service was friendly and really good for a small joint this size.We ordered a bowl of beef noodle soup, stir fried tofu and braised eggplant. I think due to a communication problem, we got the garlic eggplant instead.They started us off with some free cold dishes - a house pickled daikon and a garlic cucumber dish. I enjoyed the crunch of the sweet/sour slightly spicy daikon. The cucumbers were also very refreshing.The beef noodle soup was disappointing. The soup base didn't have enough beefy aroma and tasted slightly like powdered bouillon. The noodles were slightly overcooked for my taste. The beef was tender enough and the serving size is large.The eggplant dish was okay with a good sear to the eggplant. Unfortunately, there was too much goopy sauce in the dish which I wasn't a huge fan of. The tofu had the same issue with the addition of not having enough wok hai. It was stir fried with carrots and snow peas which was weird to me. The dish was on the bland side.Overall, the food is kinda meh and I don't have a strong urge to return. Serving sizes are generous here so you won't leave hungry. 2.5 stars with a bump up to 3 for the excellent service.
5	Delicious Taiwanese style food!!! Definitely will be back. The beef stew noodle soup is off the hook!
5	Was referred to try this place out and was greatly surprised! At first walking by no one was inside so I was hesitant about going in...but when I first walked in I greeted by a friendly staff. The food is amazing and fresh! They make the noodles from scratch in the back so it's fresh right when you get it. You definitely are getting more than what you paid for with the portions compared to some other restaurants. All in all I can say my experience here at this restaurant was a great one and would definitely refer this place to a friend!
5	This place is very clean and the staff is friendly. The portions are generous and the prices are fair. They do accept credit card. My wife and I will definitely come back!
3	Ordered beef noodles, intestine tofu pot, and 3-cup chicken. Long wait for the second and third courses after we got the first dish. Flavors are on the right track but definitely light and not authentic enough
4	A good spot if you're looking for some good Taiwanese style cooking!  Pork chop with sticky rice over yams (or pumpkin or seasonal yams) - I've had this dish three times here and each time it's awesome even though the yams or pumpkin underneath has always changed.  But the pork chop is still very tasty!Glass noodles with minced pork - Had for the first time tonight and it's very simple but very flavorful.Garlic stir-fry of seasonal vegetables - This dish is pretty standard in all asian restaurants, nothing special but solid dish nonetheless.Tofu stir fry with eggplant - I didn't care too much for this dish, a bit light in flavor for me.Mapo Tofu - Classic tofu dish that's very tasty.The meal also comes with some white rice or brown rice if you ask.  The service was great, Rebecca is very attentive and wonderful.
5	This is a rare little place that is run by a family and serves authentic Taiwanese food! The prices are so fair, it's incredibly easy to fill up on a budget. The food is fresh and chef Ching knows how to serve some amazing food! Try the beef noodle bowl!
4	Not bad... nice large prtions... well cooked food... not Taiwan but for Vegas.. better than most...
5	Friendly greetings right away! I have been here several times, always at night. NOODLES! Anyways, Today we will do lunch special. Server brought out small complimentary "small dish appetizers" where other places normally charge.I got the tomatoe & egg lunch special. $4.25 !! What??? So cheap!! Yummmy!!! Comes w rice, egg roll, and sweet/sour soup.Wife got the beef w mushrooms! $2 more but yummy too!!Hidden away so doesn't have the overcrowded feeling when you go into Chinese restaurants nearby.Chef/owner cooks the food, Chef Ching, does not have a hired cook, there is a helper sometimes though. But Chef Ching definitely in the kitchen for quality.Good for groups and table for 4 as well.
5	Friendly, good services, simple menu, my home country, Taiwan, cooking. Love it. Pork chop rice plate is yummy. Hot and sour soup, just like old time I remember, not over sour, just right amount of spicy, freeness you can see and taste. Price is not over expensive, I had left over for home later. Highly recommend everyone give it a try.
5	I gotta say the beef noodle soup is the bomb here! The beef noodle soup is totally Taiwanese style and very genuine. It is even better than any beef noodle soup I have ever tasted in LA! You will be surprised by the flexibility of the noodle. The soup is def the best in town! Everyone comes to vegas looking for authentic Taiwanese beef noodle soup, this is def the one you want to stop by!
1	To be honest, I really enjoy the chinese food, but not this one. My wife and I were setting there like 45 mins, the food that we ordered were take forever. I don't know why they took so long. They mess up the chinese food, shame on them.
5	I am loving this little spot! The fish with spicy bean paste was freaking ridiculously delicious! I'm saying its some of the best fish in town! I ate a huge portion...and don't regret a single bite! The pork belly with peppers and cabbage was good...The tea smoked duck was solid...and the service was actually extremely attentive! Check it out if you're in the area! It's totally worth it!
3	Food is ok. The only thing that annoys me is no lunch specials on certain days, but you wouldn't know which days until you are ready to order.
