2	This is definitely not my favorite Ross. Recently they seem to have changed the management or something, but the store is not well stocked, part of the store is empty! There is always a long waiting line for registers. :-/ I always leave the store super frustrated! Today I even asked one of the employees if they could open another register and she plain ignored me! After I told her to look at the long line, she only said, she can see it! I am actually a big fan of Ross! Can somebody please change something here?
4	I like this store. I wish they had a Ross s in Michigan! They could use a little organization skills, their stuff seems to be everywhere, but customer service  is good. I always find good deals there.
4	I love Ross! This one is super nice and always has new stuff coming in! The clothes are kind of a packed together like sardines but I guess it depends on what your looking for! Overall, its nice for a day of shopping, even if you don't know what your looking for you'll leave with something!
4	N Las Vegas Yelpers!This location is right up the road from me... :)I've always been a fan of ross for the odd things they carry for cheap.At this location I'm a fan of the little dog section they have! Recently got a new puppy so I've been puppy shopping lately. I picked up a dog bed, dog clothes and bowl set here! Super cute & reasonably priced. I also like their scrap booking things and random storage boxes with cute designs. I don't bother to waste my time going through the clothes section and don't buy any shoes from here either.I'll probably stop in now and then to see if there's anything new on the shelves.Thanks Ross!
5	Ross is my favorite clothing store EVER, the prices are crazy-low! Compared to others in the chain, this store is a bit emptier in stock than most, but it's also not busy, there's almost never a wait to check out.
4	I love that I am greeted right when I walk in! I also love that they are open late! They have a great selection of dresses and shoes. They used to have great teens blouses, but they've stopped. They do not have much to choose for sports wear. I also wish they didn't close their fitting rooms so early before closing!
3	One of my favorites Ross's in town. Great selection and prices. I just make a point to go right when they open because like any other Ross, our can get a little unorganized. But I walk out with something every single time!
