5	What a superb department store this is - certainly the best in Edinburgh! I always try to visit when I'm in the area. I love the dark polished wood too - the whole building is beautiful. A wonderful place to shop too with just about everything under the same roof - great for special gifts. A nice cafe as well.
3	This department store called Jenners in Edinburgh is a very nice cosy looking department store. They sell products from kitchenware to clothing and the clothes are stylish and comfortable for the eye. There is a very nice coffee shop so after a hot sunny day, going there to get a bite to eat is very lovely. The store is situated on Princes Street on the high stree and they kept the exterior building design the same it use to look like. Its a great place to shop and visit if you need to get something for the family or friends.
4	From the outside it's architecture is saying a lot, and for those of you into Victorian/Edwardian architecture it's a gem to visit. Like Harrods in London it's a place to visit if you are in Edinburgh even if it is just to stock up on shortbread and Edinburgh rock for work colleagues. Service is friendly and the food hall (small) worth a visit.
3	Great place if you are out shopping and want to get everything in one store or just for a browse to kill off a bit of time. Store has everything from knife and forks to wedding dresses , situated on Princess St across from Waverley train station , has a cafe for a brew and sandwich as well. Not the cheapest place but then again you wouldn't expect it to be given location and building it's in.
4	Jenners used to be THE place to go on Princes Street. The building is gorgeous and is another fine example of Edinburgh architecture. However since House of Fraser took over a few years ago, I feel Jenners has lost its sparkle and Harvey Nichols has quietly stolen it. You can get just about anything here. There is cosmetics, children clothes, toys, food, underwear, menswear, womenswear, home furnishings, electrical, stationary... The list goes on. The food hall is my favourite part. They have a Valvona and Crolla section, which is fantastic. They also have an American foods stand which is my personal highlight (no Mountain Dew though!). There is an extensive alcohol section plus great quality cheese and meats. It is definitely worth a visit. If you are in the area around Christmas, pop in just to see the massive but beautiful Christmas tree in the centre of the store.
5	Jenners is one of Edinburgh's trademarks. It was taken over by House of Fraser a few years ago and I think everyone was anxious that it would turn into your bog-standard department store, but I'm glad to report the magic is still there. It's brilliant to visit over Christmas as they have a huge Christmas tree in the middle of the store, going all the way up to the top floor. It's an old department store and you can tell that in its day it was the swankiest joint in town. It still has that slight old-lady feel to it but somehow still captures a young audience  - myself included. I love going to Jenners, I could spend all day in here.If you don't know your way around the Edinburgh shops then I would highly recommend you spend time in Jenners, all the main shops in the city are in here anyway and it's very Scottish.
4	I don't know why, but Jenners, which has now been taken over by House of Fraser is really very stuffy. Every time I venture in I feel very claustrophobic, perhaps because every single piece of wall is filled with clothing/beauty products/perfume. As much as I like being surrounded by wares, I really do feel suffocated here.Having say that, I do love the traditional feel of Jenner's and it certainly is somewhat of a landmark in Edinburgh but the one word that springs to mind whenever I think about it is stuffy.I also enjoy popping to the Lancome counter here so I can get my favourite Hypnose mascara as it definitely is the best mascara out there.  They also stock Acqua Di Parma products and the only other stockist in Edinburgh is Harvey Nicks. Jenner's is still great for a browse, particularly during the January sales when there are plenty of bargains to be had. As much as it makes me feel like I'm having an asthma attack (I don't even have asthma), it still deserves four stars and Edinburgh would be a duller place without it.
4	This place is like a maze - stuffed full of everything you could ever want to buy ever.While the maze thing means you will be lost for 17 hours before you find the department you want, and the 'stuffed full of everything' aspect means once you find your department you wont find the item you are looking for - in general this is an amazing shopping experience.Not only does Jenners house some of the most desirable brands and designers ever, just being here gives you a sense of grandure which is something I have never felt in any department store ever. It borders of odd.Jenners is a really nice place, and the only department store of its calibre on Princes Street.
5	Stuffy, cramped, slightly out of touch, but both grandiose and wonderfully genuine at the same time, if there was ever a shop that could entirely sum up the atmosphere of Edinburgh as a whole then it's Jenners. The antithesis to the revolting Harvey Nichols, it's a traditional department store which has become an almost iconic symbol of the city, and place where both high fashion and the tweed jackets of the Morningside brigade can sit comfortably alongside each other.As well as clothes, there's the usual department store staples of homeware, toys, cosmetics etc. There's a food hall and a cafe too, though to be honest neither are quite as exciting as they sound. The latter in particular feels a bit like a dining hall in an elderly care home, minus the incontinence.With Jenner's skank-filled rival stealing some of it's thunder, the store has a slightly lower profile these days, but is nevertheless still immensly popular. It's been here for over a century, and assuming we make it past 2012, I've little doubt it will be here for another.
4	One of the oldest and last remaining traditional department stores in Edinburgh, Jenners is Edinburgh's equivalent to New York's Bloomies.Packed full with a mixture of high end clothing from major designers, crockery, perfume, toys, housewares, crockery, a deli and even an art gallery towards the top, Jenners is worth a look even if you can't afford much from here. I would agree with Gavin and El in that it is quite stuff, but that feigned pompousness is exactly what I like about it. Down to its musky perfume wafting up from the ground floor, Jenners reeks of the propiety of old grandeur. Before 80s commercialisn really enforced its faceless iron grip, you can imagine that treating one's loved ones to a chintzy tea from Jenners would have been a real delight.Their deli makes my mouth water and I do enjoy parading around in dresses hundreds of pounds too expensive for me. It's a bit old fashioned but it's lovely to take a step out of time and have a leisurely peruse around this timeless, elegant department store.
5	Jenners is one of those familiar buildings that makes you feel contented and happy as you walk down the main thoroughfare of Princes Street, because it just looks so wise and established and steady, unlike a lot of the fad orientated retail that has come and gone around it over the years.It was bought over fairly recently by House of Fraser, however the authenticity and feel of the shop has remained, although I always feel it's a shame when family-run businesses are bought over. Jenners' interior is traditional, and has that nice, homely feel of an old school department store, however it has a lot of modernity to offer, which I first and foremost take advantage of in the women's fashion floor. There are a really good mix of high street brand names, and smaller, slightly different labels. Everything you'd expect from a really decent department store is here, plus I always look forward to the towering Christmas tree they position in the middle of the store during the Xmas period. I always enjoy the fact that despite having visited this store billions of times, it still seems like some sort of neverending labyrinth of escalators and stairs when you're trying to figure out where you're going. This might annoy some people, I find it quite entertaining.
4	Jenners is a beautiful big department store on Princess Street. It has a huge centre which boasts strong, wooden balconies giving an extremely impressive feel to the place. The moment I walked in it reminded me of House of Fraser in Glasgow. Jenners is a one stop shop for everything good and pricey. From cosmetics to designer clothes, watches to aftershaves - this place has it all. I recently bought a couple of shirts from the casual men's clothing section. While it is rather pricey the products are always the best. Designer names and current styles, this is the kind of shop I would head to with some birthday money or a wee bonus at work! If you're off Christmas shopping this could be the place to blitz it in seriously quick time. Just remember that you may be paying a little more than normal, but the ease of access and environment in which you buy makes up for this.
5	i love jenners, its everything under one roof. great for getting samples of products that you want to try before you buy.
4	The famous Edinburgh department store (now part of House of Fraser) retains much of its charm due to its external grandeur and internal maze of staircases and floors.There's a great choice of brands as you'd expect, erring towards the middle classes.  Its clothes sections are generally better than John Lewis, although I'd say that JL betters in pretty much every other department.Jenners does however have the upper hand with its location and also has two Valvona & Crolla cafes.Overall, a very good shopping experience in a store that remains proud of its Edinburgh roots.
4	Jenners - does it really need a review?Now listed as "a House of Fraser store", Jenners still maintains a bit of its own integrity and uniqueness. Every time I visit Edinburgh, I have to stop into the Jenners haberdashery department as it's a great one. While a bit high on price (even for an upper end department store), the button selection is top-notch and the yarns and sewing supplies are plentiful.
4	If I ever stand accused of being a shopping-averse old curmudgeon, I am afraid that I'll have to enter a plea of guilty.Yet, much as I dislike shopping, I can't shrug off a feint and comfortable familiarity with Jenners flagship store on Edinburgh's Princes Street.  Not even the town council and its trams seem able to make this place less attractive.
4	O. M. G. I know I'm sometimes easily impressed, but please someone tell me how they got that 3 story tall Christmas tree in there!!! The store itself is something like 5 or 6 floors of wonderful goodies. If I'd had more time, and no doubt more money, I'd have spent a little more time here. But as it is I took some snaps of the tree, perused a few floors and moved on. One could certainly spend some serious time getting around this place.
5	Previously one of the last few independent department stores in the UK, Jenners is now a branch of House of Fraser, so you can expect the same customer service, product range, etc. Here as you would at any other branch.If you're visiting a city, especially with one that has as much to do as Edinburgh, a trip to House of Fraser would not normally feature on your to-do list. Jenners is different though. The interior is beautiful all year round.It's like Liberty in London in that's it's worth looking at just once.
4	Edinburgh is expensive, so I was expecting sky-high prices at this department store - but apparently we came in during a sale period! I got a new duvet for over 50% off of the original price, even though I hadn't intended on doing any serious shopping while I was in Edinburgh, but I couldn't pass this bargain up. There's also a cafe and loads of different brands to choose from, and though it was a Saturday afternoon it wasn't super-crowded either. I'll likely stop in again next time I'm in Edinburgh since the staff were so friendly and I really enjoyed looking around.
