1	I ordered a pizza on the web. Was automatically given this location for delivery. In fact, I've ordered delivery from them many times in the past 4 years. 2 hours later and the pizza hasn't shown up. I call the store (even got the number from my confirmation email) and they try to tell me that 1) they "never got the order" and 2) they don't deliver to my house. Absolute B.S. The young lady I spoke with was rude and dismissive. She tried to tell me that the Lake Wylie store delivers to my house. That store is 13 miles away and IN ANOTHER STATE. I can only assume that 1) Pizza Hut hires incompetent web developers or 2) the local staff were too lazy to do their job and canceled my order. Either way, I will never be eating from here again.
3	My friends and I were hungry for some pizza so I figured why not give Pizza Hut a try. Of course, everyone wanted something different so when we ordered online we made tons of special request. We ordered the special with a large pizza, easy on the sauce with half pepperoni, ham and banana peppers, the other half with Italian sausage and mushrooms. A side of regular breadsticks with marina sauce and a 2 liter Mountain Dew. We got the confirmation....our order would be ready in 30 minutes! The wait seemed like forever, but when we got there we were pleasantly  surprised to find our order hot and ready AND prepared according to our instructions. YES!!!!The pizza was good, the breadsticks were nice and crispy and overall it was a really good and satisfying meal! We will be ordering from here again!
3	There was an impromptu game of Risk happening at the ol' homestead the other night... I was one of the last people to know about it... lol I hit the phone booth and changed into my alter ego "SuperHostess"... I ran to the local grocery for snack staples: chips, dips and drinks...  I would have tossed a lasagna into the oven, but I only had about a half hour... (I believe this is where someone says, "Ain't noboby got time for dat.")  I elected to call the local Pizza Hut and get some vittles...Luckily, there was an awesome special.  A large pizza with two toppings for $7.99 for carryout only... That'll do it!  We ordered two: pepperoni/sausage and pepperoni with extra cheese...  I ordered some breadsticks to go with and was quoted 20 minutes... I got there in about 25 minutes... I like to give a little cushion, just in case... Turns out I didn't need it... The food was sitting right in the warmer when I got there... The order was correct; all of the pies and breadsticks were nice and hot... The service was fantastic (Thanks, Em-Laaaay, for the best laugh ever with your awesome nametag)... When I got back to the abode and the folks got their nourishment, everyone was pleased with the quality... I'll definitely be ordering from this place again... They saved me in a pinch without a hitch...
2	Hello friends,This fine Pizza Hut is located in a small strip mall. That had a soul food place, a gas station and some other something. It was football night and my buddy was buying..sooooooo fast food pizza it was.This has to be the smallest business I've ever seen. All i could keep thinking to myself is, "wow, this is what a sweatshop looks like" . It's carry out or delivery ONLY. As for the pizza, it was good considering. It also helps that we picked it up so it was pretty hot. It looks janky on the outside & it's pretty small on the inside and looks like it could stand a good washing. That's my reason for the low star rating.
1	Terrible!!! 2nd time we have ordered from this location. Wait over an hour both times and we live less than 5 min away. Main thing is taste is disgusting. Taste just like store bought digiorno. Hard crust. Way more crust than cheese and just no flavor!!!!  Going back to dominoes &/or papa johns
1	Ordered my pizza online and went to pick it up and they put the wrong toppings on it and I said it was the wrong topping and the guy acted like I was an idiot and didn't know what I was doing. I usually eat dominos but we wanted something different. Prob won't go back here for a while.
5	Customer service was awesome for me. Pizza was about an 8. I gave an extra point because the veggies were really fresh. If I had to go off of the lady on the phone taking my order alone...10s across the board!
1	Every time  place an order with this location, it ends up being a 2-3 hour wait. I understand pizza places get busy- but that long of a wait time is absurd! I will not be ordering from this location ever again. Lesson learned.
