3	This panaderia on 32nd street can be intimidating to any non-spanish speaker since the staff and the majority of the customers of this panaderia do not speak english. I stumbled upon this panaderia one afternoon with my friend Dani, I was craving a donut or some kind of postre. The churro at Del Taco was not going to do it for me, and lo and behold I came upon this treasure of a panaderia. I was half expecting someone to at least understand me but sadly not. It was abuzz with people. The store is part bakery part cafeteria where you can buy menudo and other hot snacks, and sit at the tables to eat. As you walk in and after the tables there are shelves of desserts and pastries filled with cookies, donuts, and the like, so grab a tray and pick and choose! And they're all CHEAP. I think one time we got ourselves close to 20 different kinds of goodies and paid a whopping $7.50. It was awesome. You have to admit that if a business doesn't understand english, they understand the language of currency. But yea, this was the kind of place where if you had any questions, you were left to your own devices to distinguish and determine what baked goods they were and if such tasted good. I think we were amusing as the non-spanish speaking pair playing charades to the spanish speakers to understand us. Oh well, it's an experience and I will come back!
5	Fresh bread....awesome beans!!! Raspado...tostitos!!!!
4	If you do not speak Spanish, you may want to brush up before you go.  This place is authentico, y tiene comida muy rica.  I was outside using the water filling windmill machine when I smelled the irresistible smells of a bakery-- I had to check it out.  I floated inside and ordered the "especial" which was rice and beans with potatoes fried inside rolled tortillas, topped with avacado, tomato, mexican white cheese (queso fresco), and sour cream.  They have a salsa bar with 2 green salsas and one red, and plenty of diced onions and cilantro to round it all out.  It was a fantastic breakfast at about noon on a Sunday.Aside from the grill inside, the place is mostly a Mexican bakery.  All of the baked goods are on racks in the middle of the store, and you load up a tray of what you want, and they then bag it for you at the register.I witnessed many people loading up on bolillos (the bread used for tortas), and a variety of cakes.  It did not occur to me to buy tortillas for the house, but I will be back to give them a special review.Since it was a Sunday, there were people in line in their church clothes, and I got the impression that it was a weekly ritual for people to come in after church for lunch or to stock up on breads for the week ahead.This is a good place, and appears to be a neighborhood staple.
5	I'm pretty sure this place has a different name, but I'll post here and try to search the real name later.  This is primarily a panaderia-Bakery.  So they have the typical Mexican breads and fresh corn tortillas.  Then, they have the grill, which serves all sorts of Mexican foods including our favorites: Pozole (red/white), tamales (red/green/sweet corn), tostadas, taquitos, tacos, burritos.They also have the freshMexican drinks and additional desserts and Mexican candies.  Plus, a little side cooler with regular american drinks and some basic Mexican necessities like avocados, cilantro, onions and Mexican canned food.Recently, probably in the last year, they've added a carniceria-meat counter.  Where they also have included cheese.  Decent prices.Most of the workers are Spanish speaking, so yes, non-Spanish speakers may have problems ordering "special items" like with our without this or that type of foods...But if you just order what's on the menu, or put your grocery items or baked items in your little carrier and check out, all will be fine.There's a lot of in and out traffic, but they have a few chairs/tables for some in-dining.  They're right on the corner of the little shopping center that they're in on the SouthEast of Thomas and 32nd Street.
4	Well after having din din with the wifey I needed to get my sweet tooth craving under control....so I stopped here ti get some pan dulce. This is xalled Panaderia and Tortilleria Guerrero. Nice place great food....on my way out I was staring at the carnitas and the guy behind the counter asked if I wanted to try them.....and of course I was not going to say no lol.....the meat was tender and the flavor was out of this world. Gonna come baxk and pick some up next week. Should of taken some pics but my battery was low. Great place friendly workers....nuff said.....adios lol
