5	I dropped off my custom fire suit I race offroad in for dry cleaning they acted like no problem!  I felt like I was in good hands and I was super nice person at the counter.  Picked up and wow I was super impressed and what a great deal!  I will never go anywhere else!
1	This is the worst cleaner I have ever visited.  I took 6 of my husband pants 2 of his shirts and 1 of mine. First off Bartoli is very expencive they charged me $6.50 to launder 1 ladies shirt. I asked for my husbands 2 shirts to be laundered instead they dry cleaned them and charged me the difference with out calling me. The women I dropped the pants off to did not ask if they have permanent pant creases. So when they dry cleaned the pants 2/3 of the them are double creased, and the rest they realize were permanently creased. So I was charged extra to clean those pants,  with out calling to inform me that it was extra or to ask if all of them had permanent creases.( They all do that is why 2/3 are double creased now)After all of this my husband went to speak to the manager to explain the issues on his way to work. The manager told him " I don't believe you bring them in and i will re clean them".  After you messed the whole order up what makes me think you are going to get it right with that attitude. So I went on the website and called headquarters to speck to a manager over there. Who ever answered the phone was not very professional and could not tell me when a manager would be back. She took a message but I do not have high hopes.
1	I will never go there again.I dropped off my beige and blue comforter to be dry cleaned and when I got it back all the blue was bleached out of it!  When I asked to be refunded my money she said "I don't believe there was any blue in it.  I would have remembered."  SO... I said I would drive all the way home to get my matching pillows, which I did.  At that point she said, "Well, in that case it must be the manufacturers fault.  You obviously brought me something that was "un-dry cleanable."  What?  I was at a loss for words.  I showed her the tag that said "Dry Clean Only."  She's like, well, I don't have to refund you because it's the manufacturer's fault.  She finally Did refund me, but it was a huge ordeal and I have a ruined bedspread now.  Also, they are SUPER expensive.  I was definitely not happy with my experience.
