5	I recently found Aloha Cakes at the North Scottsdale Farmer's Market on Shea Rd and the 101 and I am so happy I stopped by to check it out.   I ended up buying the Haupia Cake and the Guava cake and   OMG!  One bite of the Haupia cake and I was immediately transported back to the Hawaiian Islands.  It's so moist and the yummy coconut pudding filing is not overly sweet - so good!!    Her Guava cake is yummy - so  light and so refreshing too.      I just checked her website and next time I will definitely try her Lilikoi Ricotta cake (passion fruit cake), just reading the description made me salivate!   I give Aloha Cakes a perfect 5 coconut star rating for bringing delicious island flavor to the desert.   Mahalo!
5	I first discovered Aloha Cakes at the Western Adventure...thanks Yelp! The cake was so delicious at the event that I knew I had to order one for the BF's birthday. Working with the people at Aloha was a pleasure. Nenita was very sweet. They delivered the cake to my downtown Phoenix apt on a Saturday for free....it was awesome! The lady who delivered the cake was also so nice. They even made a cute happy birthday flag for me to put in the cake. Well, I ordered the haupia cake and it was sooooo good. It was light and coconut -y. Perfect for the BF's birthday. The cake was even better the second day than it was the first. I will definitely use Aloha Cakes again in the future and recommend that you all take advantage of this delicious cake gem in the valley!
5	My thoughtful other half ordered me a guava cake that was shaped in to little sushi's on a round, pink 6' cake sitting on a sushi roller matt. It came complete with a happy birthday note written on chopsticks.  It was the MOST ADORABLE & ONO cake I have ever tasted in the mainland, hands down. The guava was light and fresh. I'm amazed at the details and all the love that was put in to making this cake so special. I would not hesitate to order from this place myself especially knowing she delivers to down town Phoenix.
5	My brother that lives here told me about this place, I called to place an order for my birthday cake...Guava, Haupia and Dobash....all three were terrific and tasty....I was happily pleased. Thank you so much for making my day special. Mahalo Nui
5	I ordered my daughter's bday cake here and it was AMAZING! Light, fluffy, moist and just the right flavor. The guava strawberry was not too sweet ... It was perfect! If you are looking for a delicious cake you will not be disappointed here.
5	For those missing Hawaii and have a sweet tooth, this is the place for you.The skinny I placed an order a few weeks ago for my girlfriends birthday and she is always going on about guava cakes and rainbow cakes from back home. I found this plae after a quick yelp search and am supremely happy with the results. She made a custom guava cake, it was shaped like sushi rolls :-) one of best cakes I have ever had the guava was sweet but not overly sweet and the cake was soft and moist she added a few shots of lilikoi cups. I had issues with my car for pick up and she was sweet enough to deliver for a fee which was worth it for me. The cake was about 20$ and I would have paid more for quality. The bad Nothing she is amazing!!!Overall If you are wanting to try something new for a change and or have to pick up a traditional cake she does amazing work and look for the yelp deals they usually have one.
5	We were visiting friends in Scottsdale so I yelped for Bakery suggestions. So glad I decided to try the Guava Cake (with sushi decorations). Not only was it the cutest idea, it was absolutely delicious. It was a tossup between the Guava and Haupia and if we were staying longer we would've definitely tried the Haupia too - maybe on our next trip out.  I highly recommend Aloha Cakes if you want a taste of Hawaii. The cake was so moist and light and who doesn't love whipped cream? There were only 4 of us and we devoured the 6" cake. ONOLICIOUS!!
