5	I have had several friends and clients use Southwestern Pediatrics for child care and had nothing but positive feedback about Dr. Lokey and her staff.  As a Dad, I understand how important quality pediatric care is.  Doesn't matter if it is just for a sports physical or those unexpected emergencies.  Glad to have them in Gilbert!
5	I've known Dr. Lokey for sometime as a business associate.  It is clear that she knows what she is talking about and cares about her patients.  If you have kids, they will receive great care from Dr. Lokey!
5	I love Dr. French! She is one of the rare physicians that listens carefully to how I feel about things and works with me. She gives me the information I need to make informed decisions and then supports me in the decisions that I make. I love taking me children to their office. They are clean, the office staff is efficient and kind. All are eager to help. I have never had to wait very long and our visits don't ever take too long even though Dr. French is eager to answer any of my questions thoroughly. She loves children and makes them feel so good every time we come in. She makes them feel comfortable and safe right away. So happy with her help!
5	I love Dr Lokey and staff at Southwestern Pediatrics, they sincerely care about the well being of your child. you will get nothing but great service from your first phone call through the end of your visit.  Polite and professional caring and patient.  thank you Southwestern Pediatrics for being such a welcoming, warm place.  My kids love the decor and appreciate how kind and gentle you are.
5	This  is a great office to go to if your a naturally minded parent. We love Dr Lokey. Shes awesome and my kids think shes the best.
5	What a great Practice!   Doctor Lokey's is an extremely knowledgable doctor and she has such a warmth to her, that it makes it easy for anyone to openly communicate with her.
1	Dr. Lokey was rude and condescending. She made snide remarks on multiple occasions. Our family and our friends have since changed and are much happier.
