5	For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey.Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters...Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable.  It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place. **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.**I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!
5	AMAZING!  They have a functioning Tandoor (clay oven of Pakistani and Indian origin) which they make fresh Naan (flat bread), and I recommend highly the garlic naan with cilantro.  Mix that with a curry of your choice (the goat and chicken tikka are particularly good) and you're in as authentic a Pakistani restaurant as you're going to find in the Valley.  You are going here for the food not so much the ambiance.  Although it has a really good halaal (kosher) butcher shop and international food market attached to it, it is really authentic.  That's what makes this a diamond in the rough.  The owners know the meaning and true essence of hospitality.  Something lacking in most restaurants.  I send EVERYONE and their mom here who likes "Indian" food and has never had Pakistani food.  Which is better, and includes beef dishes.  Northern Indian cuisine is similar.Check it out, and save the travel expenses and stamps on your passport :)
5	Really good quality food on par with the best Indian restaurants in this region. Simple menus and the convenience of a world food market while you wait!
3	Read Mr. Ks review, it's excellent, but know that mgmt seems to change here faster than their menu, which can be out of date and dysfunctional.  The food is good, but one cannot count on the same experience twice.  Once they get a track record of consistent management we can resume our delicious and torrid dining affair. But not a moment before
4	Located in the Zam Zam food market, this is a great Pakistani restaurant, for those wanting some of the flavors of India (so that it is somewhat familiar to you) but the sauces are still different and a good change of pace.  The breads here are amazing, as are the chickpeas. If you like goat, you will actually find it on the menu.  Don't be scared by the oiliness of the food, you just eat around it.  You will be surprised that you don't actually fall into immediate food coma after eating.  The mango lassi is of course a must!Ignore the fact that there is no ambiance.  You are sitting in booths in the back of an ethnic market afterall :)
4	Ohhhh when it comes to Pakistani / Indian cuisine in the Valley, Z-Grill has my heart and taste buds.  For those of you who don't do dive-y joints quit reading now and move on.  For those more adventurous you will be pleased.  Located inside Zam-Zam World Market on 40th St, North of McDowell, you can blink and miss it.  Wander in to the back past the butcher and you order at the window.  They may not have everything listed on the menu so you may have to ask or reorder. It is a small but flavorful selection, they don't skimp on the seasoning or the spice here.  Thus making it an even more euphoric experience.  I stick with the Naan and the poori for your side options...the last time i tried the rice it tasted like it was steamed in the burlap sack....unless you mixed it with the curry...But this was not enough to deter me from going back every 4 days for about a month...Which reminds me I need to get back there soon!
4	Don't be afraid, just go in. great food and friendly service and be sure to try the Abali Yogurt Drink
4	About a year ago, I saw this place advertised in a paper.  Went there and it scared us off.  Fast forward today, and were very pleased.  While no atmosphere whatsoever, the food is made fresh.  My hubby loved the chana masala and I dug the chicken tandoori.  We ordered some naan and it came fresh out of their oven.  This place rivels our fave Pakistani place in San Francisco!  We'll definitely go again.
3	If you can get past the reality that this place isn't very clean, it is solid food.  4 stars if I had not been forced to find a clean table.  Naan was legit!
5	Only in town for the evening on business, I hopped on the trusty ol' Yelp app to see what the locals were saying.   My ego was fragile and my belly empty, so I skipped the Yelp Talk and went right to the "nearby" button. Imagine my surprise when a Pakistani / Indian / Afghani place popped up a mere mile from my hotel!  This restaurant sits inside the Zam-Zam World Market, and boasts a solid lineup of dishes from three countries, all at very reasonable prices.  I could write nothing about the food here and still give it 5 stars because of the service we got here.  Our server was genuinely excited for us to be there, and happy to recommend what he believed to be great dishes to match our relative tastes (mine being super spicy, and my companions being the opposite).  I love it when I get actual recommendations, not the typical, "everything is good."  When he learned I wanted something he would traditionally eat, and also super spicy, he easily sold me on the Goat Karahi with the chili naan.  Having never tried Goat, I was super excited.  My buddy went with the kabobs per his recommendation, with one being mild, and the other with a little spice.  Great recommendations all around.We started with the samosas $1:50 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z-grill-phoenix?select=9RTXS536Au1v8PfemgIXzg#tno1avQ14jhuMNrXANswow), and they were executed perfectly, with a cilantro chili sauce that had a great kick.  5 StarsGoat Karahi $10  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z-grill-phoenix?select=9RTXS536Au1v8PfemgIXzg#bHaip3hWpni9l_SB9pB3pwThis was basically a short rib dish with garlic, onion, and lots of spice (your cumin, turmeric, red pepper blend being very pronounced).  It was fire hot, and the meat was like a pulled pork consistency, and almost creamy.  I wish I would have ordered regular naan, because every time I went for the naan to balance out the fire, I was met with thai chili on top of naan.  Needless to say I was smoking out my ears by the time I finished. 5 StarsThe kabobs were great, and with the Tandoor oven banging out quality naan, this was a meal I easily could have eaten when I was in the region.  Fantastic service, fair prices, and great tastes.  If I'm in Phoenix again, I'm here.5 Stars.
4	Really good food and nice people. We had Afghani 'mantoo' (a dozen won ton-like dumplings in some tasty sauces ($8.99), the lamb shank (very tender) on Afghan rice ($11.99), and tasty soft plain nan ($1.49). It was a lot of food for two people, and really delicious!  Nothing fancy in terms off the setting (reason for only 4 stars), but they have great and colorful food and a decent price.
5	They have the most amazing chicken tikkas. It is really authentic . Love this place
5	Outstanding food. We had beef shank, and goat stew. Both were fall-off the bone tender (Not an easy thing to do with goat), And both had delicious sauces. The gulpi (Cauliflower ) Was the best version of this dish I have ever had. All the staff were welcoming.  There's a buffet on Sundays which we will be back to try. For lovers of ethnic food this place is a must!!
5	My friends and I decided to check out this humble place after looking on yelp. The food was really delicious and the service was courteous. I highly recommend it to anybody that is looking for some good eats .
3	= = = = =  SUNDAY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =A while back there was a Buffet here that was so weak I didn't even bother to write a Review for it.  Well, the business changed hands & the new folks have instituted a new all-day Sunday Buffet, so I whipped over here to try it.This is moderately spicy Pakistani food & the Buffet lives in a real dining room, as opposed to a corner of the grocery store where the former one was.  Today it was featuring about 20 food items including dishes of beef, lamb, goat and chicken.  Unfortunately, the more unusual dishes weren't labeled, so I can't name them here.  Also, it was a little pricey, but the dining room was comfortable, all of the food was good and the staff was friendly.     :-)Sunday Buffet held 11 AM to 8 PM, $12.99 including beverages.
5	Read the review in Yelp! Stepped on the gas and it was worth a drive to this place for a lunch buffet. The lunch buffet is 14$, Though you don't get more varieties like indian restaurant,it is worth the money for the taste and quality of the food. Go here just for the food and ambiance is OK. you get the best naan and best chicken dishes here. I did not get a chance to try the lamb. I have not tasted such a good Chicken tikka here. Tender, juicy , perfectly cooked and perfect mix of masala for the taste.The Naan is damn soft and you can feel the freshness of the dough.It is worth a go if you are in phoenix .
4	What a great place to stumble upon. Service was friendly and open to asking any question we had. Food was a delight and packed full of flavor! Hope to return soon for buffet.
5	I'm eating chicken handy. I think it might be the best chicken dish I've ever eaten! This place is nothing to look at, but the food is absolutely off the hook.The spice combinations are like nothing I've ever tried before. Come in here when you're hungry and you'll be delighted with your meal I promise. I wish I was still hungry so I could eat it all over again right now
3	= = = = = =  BUFFET WITH LOTS OF NAMES!  = = = = = =This restaurant, featuring a Sunday Buffet and the attached to a grocery store changes names a lot and has a variety of headers here on Yelp.  Z-Grill, as it's called here, originally had a daily Buffet, which is missed.  With that said, Sunday only versions as Zam Zam World Foods, Pak Afghan Halal Restaurant & other names have all been good too and I look forward to making it in for an Update (to Pak Afghan) soon to enjoy whatever they're putting out on the Buffet at the present time.  (It was Pakistani fare on my last visit, under one of the other names.)          :-)
