3	It's nice to know what to expect.  In a fantastic city that is known as the entertainment capital of the world, the Monte Carlo Casino was less than impressive.  We had expected something much more spectacular.  If this was, as the other casinos were, a replica of the true-life experience, then Monte Carlo would not be on my Grand Tour itinerary.  It was almost a relief to find a little food court in the back of the casino, near the hotel lobby, filled with American concessions.  Starbucks was there.  We ordered a grande Tazo shaken tea, a tall nonfat latte, and a raspberry tart for $9.95.  As we enjoyed our snack in a common dining area -- this was a real food court, like you'd find in any mall -- we planned our escape to the next casino.
2	I came here twice. The first time there was a long line which moved fairly quickly. The girl at the register provided neither a greeting nor a smile, and at the end of my experience I discovered the wrong drink topped with whipped cream, which I had requested none of. After she ASKED me and I said no. The second time I came was at 3:00 in the afternoon. No line. I stood at the register for a few minutes while the one girl behind the counter looked at me, then looked back at whatever she was doing (cleaning espresso machine or something) and continued to do it. Then she stopped that and walked toward me... but ha ha, she got me, it wasn't to take my order, it was to walk directly past me to the pastry case and rearrange items. Then after that, did she come to take my order? No, she went to the sink, turning her back to me, and began washing a blender. I turned around and walked out.
2	There are 2 Starbucks in the Monte Carlo - one in the food court next to Subway, and one around the corner by the escalators to the tram. The one in the food court is owned by Corporate and will accept your gift cards but not reload them. The one next to the tram is NOT owned by Corporate and will not accept gift cards (and they ran out of my favorite drink. BOO!)
1	Worst Starbucks ever. Long lines and ineffective staff. Sub par baked goods. I guess they feel they can get away with bad service because the convenience of being located in the hotel. That's a shame.
1	The lines were so long and the workers were beyond slow.Go next door to Mc Donald's for a cup of coffee instead!
5	I've never had a bad experience here. If anything I have received a free drink when there was a mis-communication in who was going to make my Venti Iced Coffee. :)
1	With two baristas, both waiting around for an other to be paid for (instead of making orders ahead of time) and cashiers scattering between fetching drinks and taking payments, no wonder there's a line!I've been to enough Starbucks to know that this is not how most are run. Mix that with the most processed looking baked goods I have ever seen at a Starbucks -- are these knockoff Costco pastries -- and you have yourself a pretty sad sight. When you expect something standard from a well-known brand, it feels like an even greater fall from grace when it all goes wrong.
1	When did sbx stop hiring professional baristas? I'm not sure what happened here, but this is one of very few sbx I'm disgusted with the service.The cashier (a young man) who took my order seems spacy, inattentive, and...rude?? He was trying to be funny, but inappropriately so. I just want my order taken down correctly, I don't need a comedian. And of course because of his unprofessional-ism, he took my order wrong. The guy who made my drink offer to redo it, but I just wanted to get out of there.The second time around was no different. Same cashier, same unproffessional-ism. Still sloppy, and still rude.Monte Carlo, I hope you get a wake up call one day. You are in a partnership with sbx, and sbx staff represents you.
1	Hubby and I always stay at Aria but there's no Starbucks! The two hotels connect by walkways and escalators so it's very convenient.  Besides the convenience, this place can never get both of our drinks correct...EVER! Nor do they ever get our short names right even if we spell it out!  Go to the Starbucks in the food court. They are fast, the drinks are perfect along with our names...and as long as a foreigner who doesn't understand much English steals your drink even though they placed their order AFTER you, everything will go smoothly!But we gave this place a couple of tries and the last one was a couple of weeks ago when it seemed that everyone who purchased something from here did not get what they wanted.
2	Starbuckkkksssss!My son and I frequent these, and today I was NOT happy at all! I ordered a childs hot cocoa and a venti tea. He asked me if I just wanted a black tea or a lemonade mixed with tea; I opted for the Arnie Palmer. BIG MISTAKE! My tea tasted like it was made of old lemonade and I guess tasted moldy. My sons child cocoa was half full and cold. Not warm, COLD! My friend suggested I go tell them, but I hate to bother... even though I paid 6$ for the 2 drinks. I just sat there and drank my spoiled tea and my son finished off his half full cocoa. LAME!Ill stick to the Boca Park one.
2	Stayed at the Monte Carlo this past weekend and had a blast. Came down to the Food Court and decided to get a Peppermint Mocha before we started walking the strip on a breezy day. There were a few people ahead of me. SERVICE - Slow. I feel like they could create a more organized task for one another and work as a team rather than individuals. I was a bit annoyed when the 2 people that ordered after me got their drinks before me. Let's just say, the staff was fortunate that I was on a mini-vacation and was not in a rush to get my drink. PEPPERMINT MOCHA - One of my favorites, but I was not digging the way my drink was made here. It was semi-hot and the drink tasted very light and frothy. I'm not sure what went wrong. Perhaps they gave me the "skinny" version? I'm glad I opted for the grande size instead of venti.** Suggestion - HIRE MORE WORKERS. Hire 1 more at the very least. It's Vegas and it's bound to get extremely busy on the weekends especially. Would it hurt to have extra hands helping out?
1	OMG what an awful service and horrible options. NEVER going back to this one!
2	The other StarBucks inside the FoodCourt has better customer service lol fyi (MGM Resorts employees get 15% off and 25% on Wed just show your employees I.D.)
1	I never thought I would see the day where I gave a Starbucks a single star :(This is my least favorite Starbucks I have ever been to during my career of drinking Starbucks on a near hourly basis.The coffee doesn't taste like Starbucks coffee.  This may be because the water at the Monte Carlo tastes like dog sweat and obviously this Starbucks is justing tapping into Monte Carlo's supply of water taken straight from the sewer.Second, the price for a cup of coffee is 50% higher than any other Starbucks.  It just shows that Starbucks could charge whatever they want and we will still fork out the money for it.  But Starbucks should do so at its own risk: We will yelp about it and trash you!!!
1	I went here,november 9 around 2ish.This starbucks got the worst costumer service i have ever experience ever!, i think they need to retrain their crew or i think best is to change their crew.the register person and the barista got a terrible attitude towards their costumers(specially the gay guy-barista)
3	I guess there is nothing for me to say about Starbucks.  This location however, needs a personal review from yours truly.  Merchandising is okay and very much appealing.  Long lines and slow service may prompt you to leave the place but hey, you can't blame them because it is beyond their control.My only suggestion be cheerful whenever you take orders.Cheers !!!
3	I know this is just another Starbucks review but I can't go above a three for this location.  Being Vegas I anticipate some long lines at times but between the long lines, slow service, and lackluster personalities behind the counter I was completely underwhelmed.  I want consistency when I come to Bucks anywhere and this one leaves me wanting for me.Quick note for those traveling to Vegas from other states - my drink was about $1-$1.50 more expensive here so be prepared.  Not a negative just a little surprising when you see the amount owed.
3	Meh. Slow service (even during low periods) and boring baristas. I love my neighborhood Starbucks, but I think great service is too much to ask from Vegas Strip businesses. I do warn you, they do not re-charge your Starbucks card at this location. I tried, and failed. Resorted to re-charging my card online with my credit card.
4	Pretty much your run of the mill Starbucks but prices are slightly higher than you would expect at a standalone Starbucks. Considering this is one within a casino, you can expect your coffee to come with a small premium but quality-wise this is the same and highly convenient. I say convenient because many casinos on the strip do not have large coffee chains so those who are wary of trying specialized coffee places will not have to worry about Monte Carlo.
4	Prices were very high - but then again, this is Vegas.However, the whole place looked very clean, and the baristas were not that slow. At least they do take Starbucks Cards for purchases only, and it's located right by the entrance to the tram station.Cheers!
1	They hate their job and they make sure you know it. Rude Rude Rude!
2	The wait was FOREVER and they only had one worker. I mean literally the workers did not even care as the line started to go into the actual Casino.Brutal brutal brutal line. Pro-tip: Want coffee? Just go to the food court - line is shorter.
4	This Starbucks is BUSY! Insanely busy in the morning, expect a huge delay in your morning activities if you have any and leave early if you do. I like that this Starbucks is large and they have most of the items here that most Starbucks elsewhere have. Totally sad that they were sold out of their spinach feta breakfast wrap. They are my fave! Definitely the go to Starbucks for people that stay at the Monte Carlo.
1	If there was a way to rate negatively I would. Long wait. Asked for less ice and all I got was ice. Workers didn't work fast. Taste of the drink was super watered out. Price was not worth it. Totally took my money for a shitty drink. If you have a choice go else where for coffee. It sucks.
1	Terrible. This place isn't any busier than any other Starbucks I've been to.They took almost 20 minutes to make a cup of plain coffee for the lady ahead of me and they made my drink wrong twice before they got close enough for me to not care anymore and just say screw it and take it.What a waste of time.
