4	I've only been to Nacho Daddy once and it was fantastic! I ordered the filet mignon carne asada nachos and a raspberry margarita. The nachos were delicious. The chips are nice and thin and fresh, the cheese was melted, not a cheese sauce, and there was just a little bit of heat.  I also liked the smokey flavor that I think came from the meat.  These nachos are easily big enough to share.  The margarita was amazing. It didn't taste like a margarita from a gross bar. It tasted fresh and fruity and the flavors were balanced. I also had the flan, which was great. It was a little firmer than I am used to, but really great. I sat at the bar and enjoyed the videos from my high school days and the friendly service from Tyson (Tyler?) and the other bartender, who was fantastic.
5	Had a great night at Nacho Daddy!  First time eating at this restaurant and it didn't disappoint.  I enjoyed the spicy shrimp nachos and a raspberry margarita.  Looking forward to trying their breakfast menu next!!
5	Went to their grand opening event last night 11/24. This place went all out for the public..Service was friendly and on spot.Chicken and steak street tacos were awesome. Ribs were well flavored.Chicken wings were awesome.Tuna tartar bites were on point. Margaritas were excellent...delicious and just enough zing.Midori sour shooters? Bring em on.Quite a nice grand opening...and the 3 salsas were excellent as well as the guacamole. Left stuffed, satisfied and will be back. I'll keep a look out for some happy hour special deals as the food was excellent. I'm glad a place like that is so close...definitely check them out. I see why people talked them up downtown.
5	After much anticipation for the new location to open. Yesterday was the 1st day open. Typically a lot of things go south with new openings, Nacho Daddy was an exception. Our server Johnny was excellent. attentive, friendly and fast. The food was very good and the selection of Tequila is extensive.  It was also Taco Tuesday which gets 2 for 1 Tequila. Woo Hoo.  My only negative comment is the staff is not well versed in Tequilas. ND should train/educate all employees about Tequila. With that being said we look forward to returning soon to the New Nacho Daddy's in Summerlin for another fun evening
2	I've heard a lot about this place and nachos are my life so we went in with really high expectations, so maybe that's why my dinner was so meh. I ordered the Daddy's Margarita and that was awesome!!!!Also good? The bottomless chips and salsa. Everything was pretty blah from there.I got the Tostada nacho appetizer for dinner. The seasoning on the meat was like...they tried to do Mexican flavors but got confused or were missing the right spices and used something else. It was just weird. And I totally appreciate super loaded nachos... these were just too much. My husband got the buffalo chicken nachos and got approximately 3 tiny pieces of buffalo chicken on them. Thank god for the bottomless chips and salsa or we probably would've gone hungry. Our server was great and had an awesome sense of humor, so that helped. I'm glad we went and tried it out, but I don't think we'll be going back.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the sports bar atmosphere and the Enchilada Chicken Nachos-it's hard to pick which to try given the extensive menu, but you probably can't go wrong. Would advise against ordering them for takeout though.Weird communication issues when picking up my order, combined with an odd choice of takeout packaging- chips, cheese, and protein are boxed in cardboard similar to pizza carryout. Additional toppings are packed separately in Styrofoam and plastic cups. Initially I was put off by this but it grew on me- could add the sour cream, guac, and beans to my preferred level. Portion did not seem adversely affected by the box used.Flavors though? Tasty. Chicken and encihlada sauce was well seasoned but not spicy, large rings of jalapenos made it easy to eat around them if you want, portion was large enough to share- maybe add on some tacos and this is easily dinner for two. Bonus star for having queso on the menu- one of the few places in town to do so, and one of the major things I miss from home! .
5	11/28/2014 Decided to check out this new restaurant that had just opened in my neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised by the wait staff that was extremely attentive. I was Pleasantly surprised when ordering a pitcher of beer with chips/salsa our waiter consistently came back and refilled glass's from our pitcher, really nice touch! Didn't have any food on this visit so I will update the next time I stop in. So far so good.
5	Nacho Daddy is good.... I ate at the one on Freemont Street, and this place is just or better. Great staff and very clean , they took over the old Fire Fly location. It's a cool little bar/sports place.I just came here on Sunday to watch the game and eat, I ordered the big daddy burrito... im sad it wasn't worth the money, it was the size of a del taco burrito for the price it's not worth it, it should be on the appetizer menu.. im sad and still hungry.... today was a waste of money...  always order the nachos they are worth the money. .....
1	We ate at this new restaurant yesterday - Saturday - about 2:00 pm.  SO MANY reasons why we will never go back there.1 - With a name like Nacho Daddy, I would expect that the place would offer a lot more with respect to Nachos - build your own, nacho bar, etc.  This restaurant had none of that - at least we didn't see it.  Our group did order one order of nachos - enchilada style - YUCK - so little melted cheese - you could barely see it.   Not great.  Sent back to kitchen to add a few beans and it took almost 20 minutes - the table was done eating by the time the order came - note:  the restaurant had less than 50 people in it...2 - Being a new restaurant in this area, they should be better.  Surely there was a manager on duty - but not once did he/she ever walk around and check each table to see how the meal/experience was going...3 - The chips and salsa and guac ($10) was good - but we will not be back ever.4 - One person in our party ordered a bowl with beans/chicken - it was delivered on a black rectangular plate- HORRIBLE presentation - very unappetizing.  Although the chicken had good flavor.  For the $, it was not much food though.  How much do black beans/rick really cost you, Nacho Daddy?  Don't mind you making a profit, but you do need to reevaluate your menu pricing.  A little out of line - you have to compete with Chipotle and Cafe Rio just a block away - yes, they are fast casual and Nacho Daddy is not - but families that don't care about drinking a margarita or beer will not be interested in your restaurant more than once, based on your current menu.5 - 3 people ordered a meal/iced tea and 2 had only chips/guac/salsa/tea -- our bill was $70 (before tip without bar drinks).  For lunch, that is ridiculous.  We will go down the street another block and go to Cafe Rio - it's fast casual, but quality food and fresh ingredients - and the entire meal for us would have been closer to $35...I'm placing my bet now - Nacho Daddy's will never make it at this location.
4	Menu is a tex-mex hybrid featuring unique takes on nachos and Mexican fare.Shared the bbq chicken nachos with the husband. The bbq flavor has a great sweet and savory combo with a slight chili powder dimension that is great to eat! The black beans, corn and white cheese go well with the succulent chicken. Although it was a great change to traditional nachos, we did miss the sour cream and guac you expect to find with nachos.We will more than likely head back to another one of the Nacho Daddy locations.
5	Located on the West side of town. I have been to there other locations and they are all great, a fun and unusual menu, all manner of nachos, and for the brave you can do a tequila shot with a scorpion in it. Yes, I did it and it was delicious! The ribs get a special mention, it has been almost a week and I am still thinking about them. I think I will, keep going back until I have tried all the versions of the nachos, and I suggest you do the same. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Bland.  Chips and salsa is okay. Having shrimp fajitas and they have no taste. Shrimp could not only be cooked more have some flavor. Onions and peppers are soggy and on top of this the rice has no taste and the beans taste like paste. Well I tried worth the trip to the strip and El Segundo.
3	Ok so the nachos were really good. My son and I shared the tostada nachos supreme, and I had the fish tacos. The fish in the fish tacos was tasteless and undercooked, now with that being said I've had some of the best and  freshest fish tacos from around the world. Service was mediocre at best, they messed up my order then the server comes out and tells me that I can't have fish taco without the beans and rice. Overall it was ok and I might try it again.....maybe.
2	Love the atmosphere, loved the staff, but the food was lacking. We got there for Monday Night Football and grabbed a great seat by the bar. We immediately ordered the Mexican Corn and the Spicy Shrimp Nachos. The corn was okay. Definitely over cooked or had been cooked and sitting out a while. The nachos were horrid. For $17 you get maybe 4-5 medium shimp cut up into smaller pieces. The chips were SO greasy!!!! For $17 I was expecting more. The worst part is that I've been up since 3am with food poisoning from the under cooked shrimp. I should have known by looking at them. The staff is the only reason I gave two stars. Attentive and genuine.  I so badly wished the food was better. I'll gladly go elsewhere, pay half that price and get 5 star nachos.
3	My very first time at Nacho Daddy was at this location, I had the spicy buffalo chicken nachos and they were seriously wonderful. :) My only complaint was that the water tasted like straight chlorine and the ice cubes were an unnatural white color. The decor also needs some saving, there's a million TV's but they need some warmth and decoration, the place has absolutely no character or vibe.
4	I came here last night for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised... I am not a fan of Mexican food and had frequented the Firefly that was previously here so I was not quite sure to expect. They have a decent happy hour menu - $5 dollar house margaritas (and they didn't skimp on booze). I was happy with the food on the happy hour menu as it wasn't all carbs. I had the ceviche and I have no complaints. The grilled corn tempted me too.I don't really have anything negative to say. Perhaps they could have free chips and salsa? (I was always a fan of the bread/weird butter at Firefly)I would go back.. and I know my friends definitely will (they live much closer).
5	Food was surprisingly good and its in a great location at Village Square which has lots of great restaurants and shops!!!  Sunday brunch, had chorizo nachos, Mexican pancakes and breakfast sausage slider.  Everything was great!  Will be back to have same items and try other stuff since they have a large menu.
5	12/12/2014We stopped back in and decided to try the Primo Margarita they are awesome special stout out to Ann behind the bar, you are the BEST. So friendly and SHEISH she made a ROCKIN Margarita!!! Thanks Ann :-)
5	Came in for drinks and was welcomed from the minute we got in. Sat at the bar and was greeted by Ann the bartender(great smiling and upbeat personality). Saw the sign outside saying you have the best Margarita in town. Ann suggested the Primo Margarita and decided to give it a try. I absolutely loved it!!! Your employees are very attentive to the needs of your customers, I will be back in the future!!
5	I always jeered at the prospect of going to a restaurant that specialized in nachos.  I would hear stories of my friend who would praise Nacho Daddy on his side of town for hours on end.  I was so close to going the one Downtown, however I was recalled home prematurely by my significant other.This time.  This time, it was DESTINY!   My friends and I counted the days to opening when we first saw it was coming to our side of town.  The the time came.  We sat, we ate, we got full.  We left happy.This place was awesome.  Great ambiance.  Awesome Servers.  Insane menu!  The prices may be a tiny bit higher than what we usually spend, but totally worth it.I got the "Fiesta Chicken Nachos" with my now infamous custom order of Diet Cherry Coke.  Both were spot on.  The Nachos were very tastey.  When they came, I didn't know how to attack it.  I accidently got a  little bit of cheese on my finger and when sucked my finger clean, it hit me!  My first bite of Nacho Daddys.  It was epic.The Fiesta Chicken Nachos was very creamy, very rich (but not too rich) and there was definitely enough for me to take it home if I was sensible that day.  But I wasn't.  I DESTROYED the plate and it was glorious!I swear up and down that it tasted like I was hitting pockets of CHOCOLATE in my nachos.  As crazy as that sounds and as gross as the prospect may be, it was good!Our server was astute and prompt.  For being open for only a few days when we visited, the place was well put together and on the ball.  I highly recommend this place.- Clean- Spacious- Music Videos playing, Sports playing, TVs everywhere.
1	seriously nasty and obnoxiously overpriced.  10 bucks for a draft beer in a warm mug.  not a good way to start.   I also tried 3 street tacos (pork, chicken and beef).  other than the pork taco being similar to a salt lick, they were pretty flavorless.  on a dare I also tried the Mexican corn on the cob.  I know it's nearly winter and realize that no self-respecting restaurant would ever serve "fresh" corn on the cob this time of year, but I couldn't resist (if only to have something to write about on yelp).  it was truly gross. a single, lifeless ear of corn most likely cooked some time yesterday or the day before and heated up for service.  at 6 bucks I could only laugh.  it lived down and exceeded my lowest expectations. zero chance this place will make it.  if I want food this lame and this overpriced, i'll go down to the strip.
5	Me and my husband went here for the first time and loved it!! It's difficult to choose because they have so many options to select from. We tried the bbq chicken nachos and enchilada chicken nachos. The ambiance was chill and our server, Phillip was real cool. We will definitely return.
3	Official rating: 3 1/2 stars (if I could)Start to Finish:- Visited approximately 2 weeks after their official grand opening. All the paint and decor looked almost identical to Firefly (restaurant in this space before it became nacho daddy). - Great Mix of 80's and 90's music playing with accompanying music videos, but was weird to see/hear at Nacho Daddy. - Very large menu with only 1 page of nacho dishes. I was disappointed in the selection of different nacho dishes and the fact that the rest of the menu was simply a Mexican restaurant menu. Also, the nacho dishes were listed as appetizers. I was told they would be enough for a meal. I was hungry when I finished my plate of nachos and was hungry when I left the restaurant. - Purchased the Florentine and Nacho Average Burger Nachos. The Florentine were absolutely delicious and were a play on an Italian dish essentially with prosciutto and some other goodies on top. The burger nachos were not too bad. We had the snores dessert nachos to finish things off which were pretty interesting/tasty.- The prices were a bit high for nacho appetizers $12-$15+.- my wife was excited about their extensive/diverse, coffee menu. Unfortunately, they staff was not trained on how to make any of them and only regular coffee was available. A let down.- Our server was nice and the service was decent. We had to wait a long period to get the check as the waitress seemed to disappear for a bit. Not the do all end all, but not the smoothest so would have liked. - OVERALL, the food was yummy, prices were a bit high, and it was a cool place to go as a novelty.  It seemed to have some identity issues with the mix of music, videos, etc. I don't think I'll be returning although I recommend giving it a try if you want to go somewhere different and are in the mood for Mexican. Enjoy!
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. Pros: Prompt serviceGood margaritasFriendly atmosphereCon's:Noisy kidsSub par nachosPriceMy nachos were just okay. They were chicken nachos and it was a constant scavenger hunt trying to locate meat. They should've been called 'bean nachos with a chicken surprise'. My date ordered some beef nachos, and this is where the 2 stars come in, his were great! Very flavorful with just the right amount of spice. The margaritas we ordered were very strong and a little sweet which made them perfect. At $60 for 3 drinks and 2 sets of nachos, definitely not worth it. I actually felt like Roberto's food had more flavor and I hate them.
3	First time in. It was 10pm on a Friday. The place was absolutely dead, so we got to sit wherever we wanted ;) our server was very nice, and quick since she didn't have to worry about anybody else. We ordered nachos, a large beer and a margarita. All three were great, but the prices were a little tough to swallow (pun intended). Don't get me wrong, the margarita was very well done, and the spicy shrimp nachos were excellent as well. The $15 dollar price tag wasn't worth the portion size. Our bill came to $45 or so after taxes, and I just didn't think it warranted what we ordered. We'll be back again in the future, but I don't think we'll make this a regular stop. I think a price adjustment in the future is probably warranted (I think they've only been open for a week or so) and if so I think we'd come more often.At the end of the day it's worth a look, and they have a pretty extensive tequila list that might be fun.
2	Honestly- don't waste your time. Way overpriced & even the water tastes bad.  I had a veggie burger- the only thing good about it was the onion I had added on .Sodas are $3.50. Really? My brother says the nachos are mediocre (Rubio's nachos are better). My mom was non plussed by the enchiladas! Keep on movin past this one!
3	This was our second attempt at Nacho Daddy. I looooove the green sauce on the enchiladas. I also tried a chicken burrito. However, this place's water tastes WEIRD. Like old or stale?The service was good, the Mexican corn appetizer was good too! I just don't know if it impressed us enough. There are a lot of amazing Mexican places in  Vegas. If you're interested, I'd recommend just trying it out for yourself.
5	Restaurant is fabulous, cozy, comfortable...Service is exceptional, quick, informative, friendly....Food is FABULOUS!!!The Grilled Mexican Corn on the Cob is delicious.We also tried the Tre Street Tacos. One each, chicken, pork, and shrimp. The tacos were very tasty... my fav was the pork... very juicy and flavorful. My least fav was the chicken.... a tad dry.. I added the hot salsa that the waiter brought on the side and it helped kick them up a notch. The star of the lunch.... Carne Asada Nachos..... duh.... it is called Nacho Daddy!!They were perfect!!! Really one of the best nachos I have ever had!I saw on yelp some people were upset at the prices???First of all, good food is worth a few extra dollars!!But our bill for all of the above was $34....... It was plenty of food to fill up me and my husband and we left HAPPY!!! And...They have a very extensive menu... not just nachos. Burgers, Chicken Wings, Vegan dishes... (the Daddy's Big Burrito caught my eye for my next visit for sure)
3	We were excited to see this new location of Nacho Daddy!Our service was AMAZING! Our waiter was on point every second, even though it was very clear that he had just been slammed with 5 tables. It did not matter, he did not miss a beat! Food- Everything tasted really fresh, came quickly, all being delivered by friendly food runners. Was it mind shattering Mexican food? No, but it was all really good.My biggest obstacle is the price point. All through my college years I survived on big delicious burritos because they were super cheap. So in my brain, I think Mexican food should be at least slightly inexpensive. We ordered 1 appetizer - Queso Dip- It was good.3 entrees- 2 burritos and a plate of nachos.2 soft drinks, and a single beer.Our check with tip was $100! - OUCH!I could name 8 places in LV that would be as good and 1/2 that price.I would go back, if it was suggested.But, honestly, I am not sure I would suggest it myself.
3	You know, it wasn't bad. It wasn't great. It was busy, but it wasn't packed. Service could have been wonky. But our Server was a CHAMP and made the whole experience AWESOME! Not to say the food was bad, it was just Meh... But the confusing part was, 2 burritos, 1 nacho plate and 2 beers and it was like $100. That seemed kinda high. And although it seemed kinda high, we still had a GREAT time! Most people won't let Management know about great service, however on our way out, I made sure I let the MOD know what a great Server we had and what a great time we had because of him!
4	Really good food and they have a pretty large menu. They have quite a few different kinds of nachos plus regular Mexican food and breakfast. I had the supreme nachos but without beef. The chicken ones look great, too, so I would love to try those next time. The nachos were really good and big enough either to share or eat on your own, depending how hungry you are. The service is really good, too, so can't beat that.
5	I really liked this place.  The service was on point and the food came out quickly.  I really appreciate the vegan menu items that's more than just salad.  I had the vegan nachos and it was very tasty.  I would totally go back to try more of the items, especially the ones with tofu.It was kinda pricey...but it seems that's normal for the majority of Mexican places like Lindo or Frank and Fina.  I ordered 3 dishes (vegan nachos, bean& cheese burrito, and a burger), dessert and a soda and the check was $53.I'd say give this place a try, you'll be in love with the food.  If the price bothers you, then try their happy hour menu on Monday through Saturday from 3pm-6pm.
2	We just ordered nachos and a burrito for delivery (via postmates) and were very disappointed by the quality of the food. It was average at best and pretty forgettable. We won't likely return again.
2	My coworkers wanted to eat at Nacho Daddy for annual our work Christmas dinner & after hearing so much hype about the downtown location - I decided to give it a try.  (I figured Summerlin location would be just as fun as downtown). I tried to make reservations for our larger party in advance twice, each time my phone number was taken and they said a manager would call me, which did not ever happen. I finally called again a few days before our planned outing and just made a regular reservation, no manager approval needed. I realized it's probably a lot more casual than I was picturing.After we got there the servers and hostess were super nice and accommodating however the food itself was not great (I'd rather eat nachos from Robertos or KoMex) and I am not sure if it is because of where we were sitting or the fact there were other large parties there, but half my party ordered extras (like sour cream or guacamole) and it didn't come until the end of the meal, after they had eaten most or all of their food.The name Nacho Daddy is cute and the thought behind the food and menu was better than the food itself.  The prices were reasonable (my bill was half of what I had budgeted on spending on our party) but I do not plan on returning there again.  After hearing feedback from my staff in the office the next week their sentiments were the same.
3	We wanted something different for take out last night.  After looking at the menu online, I called and ordered a Mexican Street burger and a Cuban sandwich.  I ordered both with garlic parmesan fries one of the sides that comes with the sandwiches.  I was told 15 minutes and that was about exactly right although I was thjere early because they're so close to where I live.My wife enjoyed the Mexican burger and the fries very much.  My sandwich was good but it's not a Cuban sandwich.  It's pulled pork and a slice of ham with some cheese on a toasted baguette and not a pressed sandwich as every authentic Cuban sandwich should be.  I liked the fries.The packing for take out was good.  It was firm plastic but on the cold day we had, it wasn't the best insulator.  It wasn't a good day for takeout for most places with the cold.The sandwiches were OK but nothing I'd get again.  Pricey for what you get.  Too many good places around.
2	Tried this place for something different.  Like some other reviews, don't waste tour money.  Very overpriced for what you get.  The service was good..the food, not bad but there are other great options for less.  Most likely great for some drinks and overpriced appetizers.
5	Food was excellent just had a delish dinner here at Nacho Daddy on Sahara. Great food made better but our wonderful server Tammy. she was attentive, fun, and really wonerful. you will be lucky to have her wait on you.
2	Videos playing were the best part. Service was pretty good. Food way,way overpriced for mediocre taste at best. Wife was surprised I brought him here after trying it once before. Gave it two shots, won't be back.
5	Love this place! Been here 3 times with large groups from work. The food was good, the staff was really attentive.
5	I had a good time there with my friends. The food was good and the service was great.  Really enjoyed myself.
