4	I didn't purchase my car here but this is where I get it serviced because it is the closest Toyota/Scion dealership to my house.  I like it that they have relatively easy online service scheduling.  After I schedule my appointment I get like 3 calls and 3 emails to follow up and confirm but when I show up they have no idea who I am or why I am there.  I've been there about 5 times so far and I go through this every single time.  I'm starting to think that you don't really have to schedule an appointment and you can just show up whenever for whatever.  Each time I go and they are clueless about it; they just check my car in and do what they have to do.  90% of the time my car is ready to go without incident and by the time they said it would be.  The hours of the place also work well with my schedule.  So far they have never been too busy to take my car and get it done on time.I may be stupid for servicing my car at the dealership and paying a higher price, but I do like the piece of mind in knowing that everything will most likely be done correctly.  I've only had basic service done so far and the prices have been pretty reasonable I think.All the service advisers are very friendly and seem to be knowledgeable.  I think they really try to make the process as painless as possible. Anyway, I will be coming back every 5,000 miles until they screw me over and/or ruin my car.
4	I bought my Prius at another dealership but I now drive way out of my way to bring it here for service. Brad Dougherty has been a fantastic service advisor to me. In fact, every staff member I have come into contact with has been pleasant and helpful. Even on the phone. I am happy to go out of my way for a business like that.
1	So we bought the wife a new Rav 4 a few months back and tried to work with this dealership. We have ZAG pricing through USAA, which is a pre-determined price for the vehicle, and it's only a few hundred over invoice. We make an appointment with the salesman and told him that we only have about an hour, we were just going to talk numbers and take a look at the color of the vehicle (it's a weird color, and we wanted to see it in person. Didn't need to test drive it, we were upgrading a 2007 Rav). We get in there, and the salesman (Phillip) keeps trying to get us to test drive the vehicle, then I realized he was working another deal. Rather than asking us to come back or having somebody else help us out, he had us waiting around but had our keys (he said he needed to look at our vehicle to get the exact amount for trade-in) After about 30 minutes of waiting, I had to go find him and demand my keys back to leave. Unfortunately they were the only dealer in the area that had this particular color of vehicle my wife wanted. They called and offered to take off $500 for the mishap. So we start crunching numbers over the phone, and it's just not making sense. I asked the salesman to break down the cost because his numbers and my numbers were off, to the tune of a few thousand dollars. After 3 days of going back and forth with this guy and him not being able to tell me why there was a difference in the invoice price and his price, I finally ask to speak with a sales manager. I finally get out of them that this particular dealership adds a few thousand dollars of "extras" on the vehicle that are not on the invoice, and they had no proof that were done. It was something like $250 for Nitrous in the tires, $800 for some extra coat of wax and another $600-$700 for the floor mats and a few hundred for "tint", (which the windows are not tinted). We ended up contacting another dealership in the area, who was not going to charge us the extra crap and give us the pre negotiated ZAG price for the vehicle. they tried to do a dealer trade for this vehicle, and Riverview gave them the run-around. Once the jokers at Riverview realized I had contacted another dealer that wanted to get that same vehicle for me, they began calling me again to try to get me to buy from THEM. I ended up having the other dealer get the same vehicle from California for the right pricing, sans all the extra BS. I'd steer clear from Riverview, unless you want to be jerked around and charged for "extras" on your vehicle.
5	I am no going to get into details, but I did want to take the time to say that from beginning to end...this dealership and my salesman Kenny and finance manager Mike...were absolutely incredible.I had a really seriously bad experience with Mark Kia...and these folks pulled me out of it.My experience was the best I have ever had in all the experiences I have had purchasing a vehicle.  There have been many.I will recommend this dealership to every single person i EVER come in contact with.Thank you Riverview Toyota.  I love my Corolla.  You fit me into a car I did not ever think I would like.  You took notes on my needs and clearly knew what I didn't...thank you thank you...
1	I recant the above mentioned rave on Riverview Toyota.  Paperwork lost multiple times, things wrong with car (like gas cap is broken) have been waiting on that call for 3 weeks now.  (good thing it's good on gas and haven't needed to put gas in it) Finally, I speak to the corporate Manager (after multiple calls not returned)  Funding has not occurred yet for some reason, so I took it into my own hands...I'll keep you updated when funding happens...so far there is NO service after the sale though...Damn!!!
1	This place is sketchy at best.  A friend bought his new Matrix here, and they gave him every kind of run around that's out there.  Save yourself some time and hassle and find another dealership.
4	We bought a Prius there earlier this year and were pleased with the lack of typical salesman gimmicks and manipulations.  We did use the USAA program to purchase the car.  I have returned several times to have the car's maintenance done and have been pleased with the waiting accommodations and attentive staff.  (they have freshly baked cookies in the afternoon!)I brought my car in today with a concern about a body part that had popped out and wasn't flush after a pot-hole encounter.  Chris, my service advisor took a look at it, popped it back in and charged me nothing.  He could of taken the vehicle to the back, made something more of it and charged me but he didn't.  I keep waiting to find something I don't like about this dealership but just haven't been able to do so.  So far so good!
1	BUY ELSE WHERE! --  ( Google: "BBB Riverview Toyota" RATED: F) They advertised a Prius on Craigslist for $17,994. I had a trade in of $1000 and $3000 down, and for "SOME REASON" MIKE POWELL finance manager, said the price (now $18,994) is a typo even when LALO RICO(sales rep) CONFIRMED it was $17,994. I even showed MIKE POWELL the advertisement on craigslist for $17,994, and said it was a mistake. You might as well buy from one of those shanty car lots with a trailer and the rainbow flags because these guys are thieves even when i showed them the craigslist ad. Now im making it a point to FLAG all their ads.! VERY DISPLEASED! I had made my formal complaint with the AZ Better Business Bureau
4	This is a review strictly for the SERVICE department. We have been taking our Sienna to this dealership for nearly all maintenance ever since we purchased it in 2008 from a private party. As we have always returned for the scheduled maintenance, the van has run perfectly for 3 years now. One time I went in there because my breaks were squeaking. I was expecting to pay a ton of money. The person I dealt with, whose name I unfortunately can't remember, came back and told me that that the breaks still had lots of life in them, but the previous owners of the car put in aftermarket break pads, and thus the squeaking. It was nice to have a service writer be honest with me, as I know next to nothing about cars myself. We did shop there once for a car, it wasn't the greatest experience, but honestly I've never had a great experience shopping at ANY dealership, so I won't hold it against them.
4	I've been coming here the better part of the last 5 years with my Prius and have no complaints. I've used various service people over the years and all have been very courteous and fairly knowledgeable. I don't have the sense that they're trying to get me to spend any extra money that I don't have to (or, at least, no more than any other service place I've been to). One time a service rep recommended a whole bunch of work but told me there was no need to get it done immediately; I waited and didn't have any problems. So, as far as I can tell, they're honest. One time they fixed a tire for free (even though I get my tires at Discount). This place is on my way to work, which is convenient, and there are a few places to eat (Chik-fil-a etc.)  within walking distance if you're facing a wait. The facilities are nice enough if you have to stay a while; though the Gilbert (Big Two)  and Avondale locations are nicer, there's nothing wrong with this one.  I should also note that I didn't buy the Prius here, so I can't comment on the sales department.
1	I have a Toyota Prius and have had my car serviced here a couple of times.  I didn't buy my car from this dealership.The first couple of times I didn't have any issues with this dealership.  They didn't do anything that was so awesome that its worth mentioning but they did what I asked and was fairly friendly.Now that brings me to my last visit there.I recently moved out of state and as I literally got on the freeway to make my drive, fully loaded moving truck following behind me, my car breaks down.  I started having electrical issues galore!  I somehow managed to drive it to the dealership just a few miles away from where I initially broke down.At first my service manager was super friendly and helpful.  He got my car back pretty quick and was keeping me up to date via phone as I proceeded with my move out of town.  He knew I was moving since I pulled up with the moving truck behind me and of course I let him know of my situation.  I luckily have amazing friends so one of my friends offered to take care of my car and drive it to me once it was repaired.  One would think...Phew...dodged that nightmare.  Eh wrong!After my car was looked at by one of their technicians they found that my regular battery not hybrid battery needed to be replaced.  They couldn't even do further diagnostics until I did that.  I thought, okay a battery, not too bad.  That is until they told me it would cost me almost $400 to put in a new battery.  I was like WTF!!  That is ridiculous.  I'm not very handy with cars but I'm sure even I can replace my own battery.  After some chaos on trying to find a more economical solution.  My friend changed the battery out for me.  He went to the dealership, bought the battery (which was $200 for the battery itself), and installed the battery himself.  He had to change the battery down the street since they would not allow him to do it on the property.  That part is one of the few things I can understand.  I get it, its a liability.The part that I don't get and why I'm so pissed is after my friend returned the car to the dealership to get further diagnostic testing.  Once the dealership got my car back they did nothing to it.  They didn't even bother looking at it again.  I called the next afternoon after my friend replaced the battery.  My service manager was kind of rude and acted disinterested.  He basically said that they were backed up from yesterday so he'll let me know once it gets back.  This was around 4 pm the next day and it hasn't even been looked at???  He basically talked to me in a way where it made me feel like they'll get to it whenever they get to it.  I let it go and told myself lets see what happens tomorrow.  After calling several times and wasn't able to even get anyone in the service department to answer the phone, I started to get real pissed.  Once I finally got someone on the phone, that service manager didn't even know what was going on.  They didn't even know why my car was there.  The first service manager was not working that day.  I went through my explanation of events with this new moron and realized that I just needed to get my car out of there because it was going no where.  They had no interest in servicing my vehicle correctly and were obviously pissed at me for not paying their ridiculous rates.I sent my friend over to the dealership shortly after that call to get my car.  It took them awhile to even figure out where they had parked my car.  Even more proof to their stupidity.I told my new local dealership here about the incident and they confirmed that they were totally jacking me on the battery.  They sold the same battery here for $180 not $200 and if they had done the service it would have cost me $275.  That's still a little high for a simple battery change out but at least somewhat reasonable.I feel like Riverview Toyota totally took advantage of my situation.  Knowing I really didn't have much choice since I was right in the middle of a move.  I'm glad I decided to get my car out of there because who knows how long it would have been before they felt like getting to my car and who know how else they would have tried to jack me.I got my car looked at here at Toyota Poway.  Nothing else was wrong with my car so I'm relieved.  Got much better service this time.Save your time and your money and don't go to this dealership!  They are very unprofessional and are thieves that give dealerships a bad name!
1	Initially I thought that I would be giving the new management at Toyota Riverview a five star rating but after the month of shenanigans they put me through after buying the car....just wasn't worth it.There are dozens of other dealers in the valley, and until they can figure out another finance manager and better attention to detail I would walk away quickly from this dealer.I want to preface that Bruce as a salesman was wonderful and contributed the one star to this rating...that being said;Walked in with 4k down on a used Tacoma, let them know my credit situation and what was needed on their part for me to purchase from them... at first they were extremely up front and honest, and very willing to help; the second we had a 'deal' and I handed my cash over the entire tune changed and no one at the entire dealership could pick up the phone, return a phone call, or figure out finacing for a month.  I don't entirely blame the sales department as there really is little they could do about this situation, however maybe inter-department communication or meeting are in order?  Something?Travis their finance manager is a Snake.  A dishonest cold hearted excuse for a human being who lied to me from the very first words that come out of his mouth.  I am usually a good judge of character and should have walked away, but was stupid enough to allow him to manipulate my contract using none of my down payment on the car itself and rather putting it into ridiculous over priced closing costs, unecessary warranties (I only authorized gap insurance) and hiding through paperwork that appeared to be re-done from the version I initialed.  Totally my fault for allowing myself to sign paperwork like that and I screwed myself in that regards....Needless to say I ended up at slightly over sticker price financed on a car I dropped 4k on....tax and closing fees and $600 Gap insurance on a $14k car does not = 4k....I'm sure they pocketed a very nice commission on top of the money made on the car.Second problem.....the car itself.  One expects when you purchase a used car there to be minor issues with it.  Especially when buying from a dealer, (And what was supposed to be a reputable one at that) at Kelly Blue Book Value.The car was detailed before I recieved it however they did miss the pack of Virginia Slims, goodwill purchases, and misc subway wrappers hidden under the back seat.....that lack of detail made me wonder what else they missed so after bringing it to a mechanic the answer was brakes at 40% a slight warped rotor, desperate need of an alignment, a new oil filter, new spark plugs, and tire rotation...should be nice additions to my car payment on a certified used vehicle.....what a joke.Im really pretty upset about the whole situation as it left a very sour taste in my mouth....there are tons of other dealers to choose from just minutes away.....choose wisely.
1	Oh Boy! Just found out that the extensive work performed on my 4-Runner many months ago was likely done to another vehicle. This could explain why my transmission is being "clunky". Ugh! So frustrating. I should have read the previous Yelp reviews before taking my car that was perfectly serviced in perfect condition here. I have always taken my car to the dealer to get serviced and have never had a problem until Riverview. I just emailed the manager to see how they would like to proceed with my complaint. I will update you all as soon as I know.
1	NEVER GOING BACK!!I have never ever been so angry with my customer service in my life as I was with this dealer. They over charge for EVERYTHING, They tried to up-charge me for $50 for simply referring me to a tow company and having to pay in advance. How silly is that, had they informed me before I could have had a company tow my car for ALOT cheaper. The tow company they work with charged me like 250 for a 10minute distance plus the 50 that riverview toyota charged. The guys who work here are total jerks, the manager tried to help but failed giving me options which still had me paying more than anyone else in town. Honestly its a waste of me to sit here and type how much I dont like this place, because I called toyota themselves at corporate and they said they cant do much with dealers. However I know I can choose other dealers in town, and thats what I have done and will do. With the LARGE family and friends circle I have I will always make sure no one goes here.  By the way, I dont think they really complete the services you want them too. My car sparked and burned my dads hand when he opened the hood after my car was in service 2weeks before. When I took it in and told them, they denied it was them and said that it could have been another mechanic who did it. (But there never was another mechanic?) They also said we dont inspect wiring really because theres so many... Thanks jerks, as happy as I was to have you near my house. I am no longer.
1	What a terrible experience.  I went here to legitimately buy a new car.  I was greeted by a salesman named Paul.   The Prius and most of the other cars in the lot didn't have a sticker on them yet.  I asked for a price and he told me he could get it.  We started talking about my trade in and I asked for numbers for the trade in and the price of the car that we were looking at again.  He came back and told me he would get back to me tomorrow because one of there management just shot and killed themselves at their home and the staff had just found out.  I told him OK and asked if that was a Nissan dealership next door as we were also looking for an SUV.  Paul then came back with more paperwork to fill out and asked to run my credit so that we could do numbers on the trade in.  I told him I was at this point uncomfortable and did not even known the price of the car we drove and he was  asking me to run my credit.  He argued with me about the fact that he needed to run my credit.  I again told him no.  After that he came back and told me he was getting a manager to deal with me directly.  I waited 15 minutes no one came so I left.  Then I called them thinking that maybe we just had some major misunderstanding and explained the story.  The person on the phone said he understood and would get a manager to call me back and we could get this all figured out.  Today two days later no call back and no communication on there part at all.  If Riverview Toyota would have taken time to deal with me directly and professionally we may have been in a better situation, however it has been 3 days with 0 communication on their part, too bad for them. Riverview Toyota has lost a customer and I tell everyone I know what a bad company they are with no regard for following up with their customers.  I took some time to read some reviews and saw all the terrible stories.  ALSO look at the BBB they have an F rating.   http://www.bbb.org/phoenix/business-reviews/auto-dealers-new-cars/riverview-toyota-in-mesa-az-97031981/
1	DONT DO BUSINESS WITH RIVERVIEW. It used to be called Larry Miller Riverview Toyota. Now it's Brent Berge's Riverview Toyota. Without knowing exactly why they changed names, I can imagine it had to do with bad brand recognition. Now I realize why this company only has a two star rating. They are shady crooks. I called to ask them to email me my service record from the last time I had them work on my car. They refuse to send it to me. I initially tried speaking with the service manager, Cory Oliver who pawned me off on his assistant manager, Rich Philipin who is undoubtedly of the people that give car sales people such a bad name. Not only would they not email me the date and time that I dropped and picked up my car, but Rich wouldn't even tell my why. I asked him three times and he explicitly said "No I won't email you". I then asked why and he wouldn't email and he didn't answer. I repeated "So you won't email me, nor will you tell me why you won't email me". He responded with "Yes, that is the case". Ironically, Jason Valdez was the service person that helped me on the front end and had no problem emailing me to schedule the appt. Also, their service dept (Molly) emailed me after the service wanting my feedback. So, it's not like they can't email. They just won't. So weird.It's obvious they feel they screwed up royally and are so slimy they won't provide me the simple data of when I dropped and picked up my car. They might try to respond to this post saying they tried. So let me smack that down right now. When I initially asked what time I dropped my car off, Rich said "we don't have that information".  Riiiight! Like I believe you don't keep service records. Red flag after red flag. Everyone knows they keep records of when customer work orders are created, not to mention the schedule in the service dept. I knew that was bullsh*t since they provided me a loaner car, which was checked out electronically and checked back in. I know this because I watched the lady with the hand held device check out the loaner, and check it back in. When I brought that up, he started squirming. Then made up some bullsh*t and straight up lied to me. I told him that was not accurate. He replied "well, that's the information I'm giving you" as if he knew I knew he was lying. SNAKE.Funny thing is that I really need the records for a personal matter. Yet, they are so used to screwing people over, they are scared to release just when I dropped and picked up my car. I will NEVER give them another dollar and I hope anyone reading this doesn't either.
1	Definatly not Toyotta Arrowhead, miss the happy Chris Conger and the friendly smiling faces.Not impressed, I have been going to Toyota Arrowhead for a year and half. The one time I was told next oil change I'll need brakes. Couple months later schedule to get brakes done. Surprised when my service guy Chris Conger told me I don't need brakes. Two oil changes later Chris said yep you need brakes. That's customer servics any female would appreciate.Okay so now Riverview Toyota, not impressed. I was the first customer of the day. I arrived at 7 am. My 2010 toyota was not ready until 9 am. Did I mention my appointment was for an oil change. So about 830 I'm told my car is ready. All the sudden I'm told I need new tires, a battery, back brake cleaning service, & a light by my license plate was out.  So I asked the service guy to show me why I need all these services. So he walked me to the service area, yep back brakes dusty, tires will need to be replaced within 10, 000 miles. Funny the battery tested average not high or low. Yep we live in AZ car battery's don't last long. As for the light bulb worked perfectly fine. Girls watch out these service guys are closers, so they think. All I can say is if you maintain your bexhill it'll run forever. Lesson learned stock with the service/mechanic you trust. I've decided it worth the 45 minute drive to Arrowhead. Thank you Riverside Toyota for confirming why I don't like dealerships.
1	I went here to see if I could purchase something new with in my price range. I basically  didn't want my payment over about $240 a month with a trade in. The sales person acted like I was stupid for even suggesting that. I was told I would not get into any new car for that price and I should go ahead and lease as it's the same thing as buying anyways. After I told him I wasn't interested in leasing he got even more pushy and another sales person got into the mix to help change my thinking. Needless to say I left and bought a new Nissan. I still love Toyota's and maybe in a few years I will consider buying one again but not from this place. Though I have to say it  kind of looks neat when you are driving down the highway.
1	DO NOT BUY A CAR HERE LEST THEY SCAM YOU LIKE THEY DID ME! This place is the absolute worst. We bought a car here, everything was cool for four months, until they informed us that they had miscalculated the down-payment on our car, and they would be charging us an extra $1,750.00. And here's how slimy they are, they billed it to Toyota Financial Services. So we are stuck with a car we never would have bought otherwise. Everyone at this dealership is in on the scam as well. No one in this dealership will take responsibility for anything at all. You may think "Well, it's Toyota, an established company one dealership is the same as the next." WRONG. See the other reviews that have had similar experiences. THESE GUYS ARE STRAIGHT UP CROOKS.
1	I ordered touch up paint for my vehicle 2 months ago. I never heard from them after 1 month. I called and they said they mistakingly sold it and would order me new paint. I asked them to call me when it was in. another month went by and no paint, no call. I called and they said they did not have it. This is not a professional way to run a business. There are many other Toyota dealers-choose another!!! I had to go all the way there to get my refund on the paint I paid for and never received.
1	The "service" department is really good at finding expensive things that, they say, need to be fixed. However, they weren't capable of correctly doing the work I brought it in for (30K mile service). And when confronted by an unhappy customer, their attitude was "we don't care". I won't be back.
5	I own 4 toyota's and have been to several dealerships and I have to say that Riverview Toyota is the best. Honest,Fair, and great quality of work from the service dept. My toyota T100 has never performed better! I highly recommend this dealership
5	I have to start with huge props to Toyota for always taking care of their customers. The customer service we get at Riverview and Toyota as a brand have been nothing short of exceptional over the years, this time even more so.We brought our 2005 Toyota Sienna in for a sliding door issue, it was rubbing the metal of the minivan body and not sliding well. It had an alignment issue. Our service advisor Rich Filippin quotes me $485 for the parts and labor, informing me the door had to come off to repair this issue.Later in the day I got the call from Rich. He had good news and bad new for me. The bad news was, the car needed to stay overnight. The worse news was that when they removed the door, they discovered the pulling cable had frayed and the wire was bound around the doors motor. This caused much of the grinding we felt and heard when the electronically door opened or closed. The part was $1,500. Here we are with an out of warranty repair at 80,000 miles and Rich informed me that Toyota will cover the replacement of the motor and cable. Why? Because they felt it shouldn't have degraded and failed the way it did. We still had to pay for the hinge, and I can't complain about that. The two issues were on the same door, but clearly unrelated.Once again, year in, year out, this is one of the many reasons I own Toyota vehicles. It's why I will buy another one, and one after that. They understand what customer service is, and they deliver a consistently great product every time. Final note, I purchased my first Hybrid from Riverview in April 2008, just before they moved to their great location off the 202. I have now had 1 purchase and 6 service experiences at Riverview Toyota and can say without hesitation, they are fantastic to deal with from sales to service. I highly recommend them.
1	Riverview Toyota Scion will rip you off, shift the blame, and has horrible customer service. I was a loyal customer of Power Toyota for years, but against my better judgement I decided to take a chance with Riverview to save a few bucks. Riverview stated the care came with a 12 month 12K warranty direct from Toyota (which Power Toyota said was a lie and I should have believed them!) because they provide that with all their used cars. They showed me the certified paperwork and the warranty during the sales process and since they provided this 'warranty' with a slightly better price for the used car over Power Toyota I decided to give them a chance (wrong idea!!). The tires looked slightly worn for a car with 20K miles, but they assured me that they just looked like this because of the low profile. They said if I had any problem with the car for 12 month or 12K miles that they would "take care" of me as a valuable new customer. I purchased the used car so that my wife could drive my disabled son to all his appointments and therapies. When I purchased the car they took the paperwork to 'put it together as a package' but removed the notes about the tires in the 12K warranty from the final copy. I should have verified this but did not think they would do a bait and switch because they seemed nice at the time.Just after the 2nd month, one tire goes bad and I go in to get it fixed. The tire develops a huge bubble due to a crack in the tire. They say that they do not deal directly with the manufacture of the tire and that I will need to go to a tire place and they should be able to replace it under 'warranty'. I took the care to a couple tire shops and they all tell me that all of the tires will need to be replaced because they are all 'cheap' and 'bad'. A new set of good tires for the car with a full warranty costs around $400. At this point I am very upset, but willing to give Riverview Toyota Scion an opportunity to fix this issue. At first I was just hoping that they would give me a discount on new tires, but they were so rude to my wife that it became a principle issue. They told her that they would give her a 'deal' on the tires for only $600 because of what happened. We fought with the lower level people for a couple of days and finally got to management. Thomas Michael was nice at first but it became clear he was just trying to shift the blame. He would not show me paperwork, but told me the tires were in 'excellent condition' and that they should have not failed so fast. It was a tire manufacture issue. I told him that the manufacture would not warranty the tires because they came with 0 mile warranty, he said that I should just be upset at the manufacturer and not him.Finally after a couple of days, he said he would give me a 'good deal' on new tires to make it up to me for only $400!  Edit: 12 Months later I had to purchase 4 new tires on the car, the AC compressor went dead, the front headlight went bad due to a leak in the lamp, the water pump needed to be replaced, and the back window needed the motor replaced. Overall, I should have just gone with Power Toyota in Tempe. I did a lot of the repair work with Big Two Toyota in Chandler and they did a great job!
5	Skip in the Service Dept. of Riverview Toyota, Mesa AZ has caused me to say "Something Good happened today!"  My rocker panel on my Corolla was hanging down on both sides of my car, following driving into a ditch and being towed out.They tied up one side with wire and had the plug necessary to get the other side done and told me to go on home, there was no charge.  Now where are you going to find a place like that!  Free popcorn and TV while I waited, too.  Yes, life was good today.
1	If only no stars were an option....Not only the worst car dealership I've ever dealt with, but the worst business in general. It's no wonder they have an "F" from the BBB and a pretty crappy yelp rating. Everyone other than Josh from maintenance/repair and Bonnie are crooks. Orlando, the sales guy, was  completely misleading. The finance guy was condescending. I could go into more detail, l but I've tried to let it go because there is nothing else I can do. I tried battling them for weeks. Long story short- I feel completely ripped off by Riverview Toyota. But all that matters is they got their sale. Seriously- if you are looking for a new/used car, go elsewhere!! I'd sooner by from craigslist or the side of the street than go back to Riverview Toyota!!!
2	I am glad to know we are not the only ones who have had a bad experience. Everything seems great on the surface as the staff put on a great front. Sold the veh to us for over msrp and lied about the monthly payments. Salesman orlando is a piece of work. Tom anderson, great guy to work with, advised us of our monthly payment and apr. Orlando drafts the sales contract for a higher apr and a higher monthly payment. We did not catch the error at first. Luckily for us, Toyota financial believes in ethical business practices and sent us a letter a week later saying there was an error in the sales contract and honored the rate offered by Tom. Our visit back to the dealership to have the vehicle detailed confirmed my feelings about orlando. A sales rep in the parking lot asked who sold us the vehicle. We adv orlando and as soon as we said his name the sales rep snickered about it and said I am sorry. I am looking to buy a truck and will not return to Riverview. Tom Anderson and Skip over in the Service department represent the great Toyota Service, but salesman like Orlando taint the Riverview and Toyota name.
1	Service:This Place is Crap... I would NEVER bring my car here again! The Service advisor Matt pushed me out of the way to get in my car and drive it into the Service area. I waited about 2 hours for them to give me a bunch of bull. I wasted a good 6 hours of my day here. Sales:I also came here a while ago to buy a car. I talked to Orlando who was the biggest A**HOLE ever. I could tell he just wanted to make a sale and not about getting me a good car. I had full cash for a Used car. There was a Corolla that I was looking at. I was declined because they had not "Cleaned" the car yet. If I am buying a car, I really don't care if its clean or not. I want my car to be mechanically sound!Parts:Now the Part Dept. is raising all of they're prices for everything. It has been cheaper to go to Big Two Toyota, Right Toyota, and Camelback Toyota to get my parts, even though I have to drive farther...
1	If I could give them zero stars - I would! They deserve negative stars! I purchased a Scion xB with a 'full warranty' for my wife last year and it has been nothing but a hassle. The tires went bad after a month and they would do nothing about it. They messed up the registration and I had to pay the whole cost out of my own pocket. They messed up the payment on my trade-in and that cost me time and money to clear up. They are rude and a bunch of liars. You could not pay me to do business with Riverview again.
1	do not deal with the salesman orlando. the other sales reps warned me about him. he is a liar and his sales commission goes towards his wifes drug addiction. we regret our decision to deal with that piece of shit
2	I've gone a couple of times for service, but after this last time, I don't think I'll be going back.Reason for last visit: Full detailThe good:  - The detail was well done. - Bruce is a nice guy.The bad: - I had to call 3 times in order to get them to schedule the detail for the correct weekend. - When I showed up, the had only scheduled for an inspection, not a detail.  The end result was that they couldn't get to detailing my car until the next business day, which was a Monday.  So I was out of a car for the entire weekend. - The reason they gave me for not getting to it on Saturday was weak.  Instead of apologizing for screwing up on the requested service, I was told that it takes a long time to detail my car because of the color of paint.  *sigh* - They inspected my car anyway.  It may have been complementary, however I would have rather they just detailed my car, (I just had it tuned up a couple of weeks earlier).  The result of the inspection was that I "needed" a) a new engine air filter, b) a new cabin air filter, and c) new spark plugs, (all of which were replaced two weeks prior during it's regular tune-up at another shop).  They were asking for an additional ~$190 to replace the above.  That, sirs and madams, is outrageous.  If you're familiar with your car and are able to use the word "no", and have a flexible schedule, (or don't experience a scheduling mix-up), then you'll be all right.I understand that the service guys are under a lot of pressure to sell expensive parts, and get people in and out quickly.  So I don't place all of the blame on the staff, (as you-know-what usually rolls down hill).  But I'm not in the mood to play dice with this place anymore.
4	Honestly, I've never been much of a fan of car dealerships and pushy "say what they think you want to hear" car salesmen who work for commission. But I am a proud owner of my second Toyota, both Rav 4s so I had to put up with them. I bought my first Rav in 2001 from the Frank Lloyd Wright dealership (ugh- horrible experience with the manager on duty at the time of my first oil change and vowed never to return) and second from Scott Toyota on McDowell.I hate that Scott Toyota moved miles away, from McDowell to Mesa without my knowledge until I called to make an appointment for an oil change. Now I have to drive 16 miles roundtrip instead of six, but I can't change that so I deal with it. I used to have them shuttle me home while I waited, but now I have to sit and wait. FYI- There's a large outdoor mall within walking distance across the street, good for shopping and browsing to kill time.I like that Riverview Toyota supplies a TV, bottled water, coffee and snacks for refreshment while waiting. That, and my cell phone with Internet, help pass the time.As far as service goes- my car is well taken care of whenever I bring it in. At least, I think and hope so.
2	If you are buying a Toyota, head on up to Avondale Toyota. The service at this dealership was sub par in the service and parts department (which is the only interaction I have had). I was not impressed, I will stick with the long drive out to I10 and 99th and have stellar service no matter what I am in for.
2	Inherited a dead Prius, 2002, @ 150K mi.Taken to Riverview as no non-franchise mechanics have impressed me to date, and Riverview is nearest Toyota Franchise.Arrived 12noon Friday. Diagnosed, and battery shipped from L.A.1. $2890 parts/labor for Hybrid battery replacement (more later on warranty)2. $289 auxillary battery replacement (12mo warranty, expect 4-5 yr life)I have no problem with these costs.Clint, Service manager estimated to be ready by end of Saturday. Incorrect prediction.(2 stars, to reflect poor prediction).More as I drive/repair/maintain more so...
1	Customer service at service center is crappy. They take forever for a simple oil change. A lot of people just standing around. They were too busy to help us because it was lunch time. Some guy asked us if we've been helped...I said no, but I guess he was just saying it to be friendly cause he just looked around and said someone will help you eventually and walked away. Lol.
4	--40 day review--1 star short; here's why (IMO)Arrived at 10am, quickly paid Clint, walked out to receive the Prius, and here she comes :) I'm all smiles...Clint says, along these lines:"...we gave the Prius a complimentary car wash yesterday, but due to the storm last night, it's dirty again." (He's not kidding! The windows are caked, including the windshield).He missed the point of /full/ service: the car should have been washed between opening and 10am, and if not ready when I arrived, an "override" to get that Prius washed for the customer.Four/Four Stars based on Mechanical Service:Batteries have performed well, AFAIK, thanks guys!
1	* Read this, you're not going to believe it.... *Took our car in - got it back - all the engine lights come on a day later. They wanted to charge us $4,200 to replace all of these things that weren't causing problems BEFORE they got a hold of it - so I take the car somewhere else - THEY said that someone LOOSENED A LITTLE HOSE IN THE ENGINE to make all of these lights come on... Are you &$#&ing kidding me?... That's FRAUD. I'm reporting this to the Attorney General's office.
5	Bought a camry. Great experience all around.
5	I Service both my Toyota's at Riverview.  Friendly staff, nice lounge area, a Salesperson named Orlando says hi every time i'm in. He's a jolly kinda guy. Comfortable environment.  I like the feel of this place. Good job.
5	Any car dealership is complicated. They are multiple "stores" under one roof, often competing with each other in an effort to be the best each month. It's a life of pressure behind the scenes and I know that. That said, Brent Berge's Riverview Toyota has always done right by me whether with service or a new car purchase. I like to tell a joke as follows: "How do you know if you've been reamed on a car deal? Do you own a car?" The simple fact is that any dealer is a business which is there to make money. They don't let product off the lot unless they are making money on it. I get that too. Whether a dealer is fair, decent and honest is what sets them apart and in my experience, Riverview Toyota stands apart from the crowd in these areas. I have been a customer of service both warranty and paid and have been treated fairly and repairs have been handled efficiently. I have always felt that they respected me and my property. As a two time new car customer I feel I have received good treatment. This dealership changed owners from Larry Miller (when I bought my first car) to Brent Berge and there is a difference in the way the place "feels" after that change. It's more relaxed, friendlier and just better all around. It's not the sort of place a person dreads entering, as some can be. In my most recent purchase, I never felt pressured. To the contrary, I felt as if they were reading my mind. That was a little eerie at first until it hit me that this is their job. It's their job to match the customer with the right car and the right deal and they made this a simple, fluid process and helped me feel good and confident about doing business there. Fleet sales was great. That's the no-nonsense end of any car dealer and I like that but what was unique was they brought in a salesman who is presumably being compensated, to show me all of the car's systems, take care of the paperwork and see to my general satisfaction. So it wasn't a "Here, out the door" fleet deal at all. They took time to help me get to know a very different new car and seemed to know intuitively where I would have some questions. There was never any rush to get me out and on the road. They took time. The only criticism I have is one that is universal for me. The money guy who handles the final paperwork and payment/financing, etc. makes a brick look exciting. It goes with the job because every dealer has one of these. They're robots who march through forms and they all have the personality of gravel. I'd like to see that same friendly ambiance extend into that final office as well, but to his credit, he was honest and efficient. I like this dealership. I know no dealership can please everybody 100% but I feel they have always gone out of their way to make me happy and to earn my business. When they look you in the eye and say, "We want you to come back and if we ever disappoint, we want to know about it", that's pretty good in the world today.  I can see not everyone is happy and those who are not should speak out, but I'm happy.
5	We never bought a car here but I just thought I should let everyone know that they were all very nice and never tried to force something on us that we didn't want.  We decided to wait another year or so to buy a new car and when we do we will come back here.
1	Holy Crap.Worst Toyota dealer in the valley by far. Tried to rip me off on a used Prius. Went down the street to Alternative Sales & Leasing and found a better Prius,LOADED, with less mileage for $6500 less.  Highly recommend you go to them at 264 N. Country Club Dr. in Mesa.  I do not work there, just a very satisfied customer; see my other Yelp reviews ... I'm no car dealer!  Just a vocal Yelper who puts her two cents in. AVOID RIVERVIEW! YOU NEED A SECOND MORTAGE JUST TO GET AN OIL CHANGE THERE!!!
4	So far I am very pleased with this dealership.Have had service done on my 2006 Prius many times and I was always treated fair.I liked the 2006 so much that I just purchased a 2012 Prius the other day.The salesman John Dunkleberger is a top notch guy, go see him if you want to buy a car! He was never pushy and even a few days after the sale was willing to help me with some technical questions I had. Thanks Riverview, I give you my personal approval and recommendation!
1	bruce in service is the worst. he makes me glad that i did not purchase my vehicle from this location. he is also the reason i will never have my vehicle serviced at this Toyota location ever. this location is closest to my house but i will drive to any other location JUST to avoid giving them my business. that's how much bruce sucks. bruce shouldn't work with the general public ever. his resume should say things like 'apathetic, unmotivated, and bad people skills.'
3	Not the worst car buying experience I've ever had but probably not the best either.  The staff was friendly and the experience did not take too long.  The thing I despise is when you appear to have a price agreed on and the "Desert Protection Package" or "Option Package A" that wasn't previously mentioned makes its way onto the price sheet.  This happened here.  We looked at other dealerships and they were all the same story, so nothing exceptional here but still annoying.
2	Service dept. needs to up their game and get either more motivated or more on the ball. Spoke with John in the service dept. about a routine safety recall.  Told him there's also a problem with my cruise control. Was told there'd be a 2 hour wait which I had not been informed of prior, but anyways. Hour and a half later, i'm told the truck's done, everything looks good, take care-bye bye. Without any further information other than my receipt. They never looked at what I asked them to look at, and didn't attempt to tell me why my abs light and service maintenance lights were on (which I know why, but you think while performing a multi-point inspection, they'd check and help). Terrible service and I will find another dealership.
1	Everyone at this place sucks. EXCEPT Alex C. He was the most honest sales person I've ever met. Everyone else lied to me multiple times.
1	I was really upset with the service at this dealership. I walked out disappointed because I really liked the salesperson I was working with, Mike, but the rest of the team who were brought in to close the deal were either rude or secretive. Walking in the door, Mike took great care of me by showing me the vehicle I was interested in, taking a test drive with me, talking about all of the vehicles features, etc. However, once we sat down to start negotiating a price for the car, the numbers guy who came over, Chris, quoted me a price, which I agreed to, and then without my knowledge, bundled a rebate, that I was expecting to receive, into the price of the car. Without any conversation or explanation they handed me a paper to sign that would send my rebate check directly to the dealer instead of to me. I understand that a rebate can be sent straight to the dealer to act as a downpayment on the car but they were claiming it was necessary to negotiate the initial selling price of the car, which is unfair. I was very disappointed by the underhanded nature of that move and ultimately it caused me to walk out of the dealership without a car.To top things off, when I decided that I wasn't comfortable with the deal and I was ready to walk out, Alex, the sales manager, came into the office and aggressively interrogated me about why I was leaving. I explained to him that I wasn't happy with the way the rebate was factored into the deal and he then proceeded to raise his voice, dramatically ripped up my contract, and told me that if I thought I could find a better deal somewhere else to take my business elsewhere. As a business that prides itself on customer service, I found that behavior to be COMPLETELY unacceptable. It made the sales manager look irrational and reflected poorly on his whole team. In the end, I did take my business elsewhere. I saved hundreds of dollars and was treated with respect at the dealership I did end up working with.Final word of advice: If you do choose to go to this dealership, make sure you've done your homework, because they will try and sneak the price of the car up if you don't call them on their shenanigans.
5	Bought a Camry here n it was an excellent experience. I would recommend.  Have also used the service dept a few times n the communication was excellent. I have both of my new toyotas serviced here. Keep up the good work!
1	For it being a complete ghost town with no customers there the wait was absolutely horrendous, the one star is for the car wash
5	I see the bad reviews for service. I have only used the service department once and had no issue. I would like o say that my purchase was pleasant. they did not try to choke me with warrantees and extras. Now, I did warn them at the start that any BS would be met with me walking out. I also told them that I wanted HIGHEST trade in value and LOWEST interest rate from the start or I would walk. This is a skill that everyone should master, because they make a lot of money off those extended warrantees and HIGH interest rates. So, with my good credit, I got the car I wanted at the price I wanted. I was treated well and did not spend my weekend in there as I have  at other dealers. I LOVE Toyotas. And they are right across the street form Dave's BBQ so you can have ribs while your oil gets changed. Win-win. Now, should they screw up in the future, you will read it here.
5	Very friendly and fast service department.   Great lounge for waiting.  There are no lies like you need to change your $75 air filter like at Right Toyota.  Honesty at Mesa Riverview Toyota.
1	My review is about the service department.   Talked to an a**hole about a recall on my truck.   Gave him my vin # and apparently letters and numbers were to difficult for him to type on the computer.   All I can say is what an idiot and never will I ever bring my business to you guys anymore!   Because of one person who has no knowledge on customer service,  you just lost a loyal customer!
4	I recently rented a vehicle from this Toyota and by far it was probably one of the best choices I made. They don't necessarily promote that they do rentals, but it's the cheapest in my opinion. Other places were charging about $300-$400 more.I had a family emergency and needed to get a rental so we can go out of state. The person I spoke on the phone with to reserve my rental was Vy. She was awesome. One of the best customer service experiences I had. She made the process so simple and straight to the point without any kind of problems. We rented the 2014 Toyota Sienna. I'm not a big fan of vans, but this van definitely changed my mind. It was smooth and had many perks. I honestly got so comfortable driving it I might just rent it out again for future trips. So, overall with the assistance of Vy everything went smoothly and I returned the van with no trouble. She's probably going to be one of the main reasons why i'll keep coming back for rentals and also referring anyone I know to her because she was really nice, helpful, and professional about everything.
1	Riverview Toyota was WAY overpriced ..out of 5 dealerships they were the most expensive .. I purchased mine at Tempe Toyota for almost four thousand dollars less then Riverview wanted. I also found that the service department is much friendlier at Tempe toyota than at Riverview Toyota.. Then when I want to purchase my Scion I had the same experience the most expensive and the least friendly salesperson. Ended up buying my Scion at Tempe Scion.
1	While my overall experience with Riverview Toyota was a good one, I have to take my rating down to one star based on something I caught them at after I bought a car there. I told the fleet guys and the salesman that I was going to be paying cash for the car. This was clearly understood. The salesman quietly whipped out a form saying, "We just need to get down all of your information" and began filling it out upside-down while asking me questions. This turned out to be a loan application. I said I was paying cash and the salesman said, "Oh, this is just the form we use. No problem." A few weeks later I learned that they had done a hard hit on my credit and because I had not asked for any credit, sent me a form letter saying I had been "denied credit". As it turns out, my credit score took a temporary hit of a few points and bounced back even higher than it was before, but the outright LIE, the deception and the hit on my credit without my approval really angers me. Their "finance manager", Mike Powell clearly gets a commission off of loans and became very terse and unpleasant when I got out my checkbook. He's a real horse's *ss. The fleet guys have their act together but you have to watch the front and back of the store when doing business here. If I should buy another car from them, I'll have my lawyer in tow to go through the paperwork. I've heard they pulled this same trick on LOTS of people, so it looks like the finance office there is running its own little dirty game in house.
3	I found this place online after needing parts for the scion I purchased. They seem to have the lowest price out of any California dealerships. The order status never seems to update, so I called and luckily there was a quick response and friendliness. Then I had to email two days later to ask for a tracking number. I received my package it was nicely shipped but the instrument panel lens I ordered was broken/ defective and missing a clip(the broken piece wasn't even in the packaging). It still fits and you cant see the broken spot so I installed it because its not worth the hassle of mailing it back and waiting for a new one since I had already pulled off the old one. Their website definitely needs some help, its not the easiest to look for parts.
5	If you want to purchase a new or used car from a dealership, I would highly recommend stopping at Riverview Toyota/Scion. Everyone I interacted with was transparent, friendly, thorough, and patient. At no point did I feel pressured or rushed throughout the entire process.In total, I was at the dealership for approximately 6 hours and 30 minutes - with the test driving taking about 30 minutes, negotiations taking about 4 hours (it would have normally taken significantly less time, but I had to take care of an urgent situation about halfway through), and paperwork processing/car detailing/walk through took another 2 hours. For the investment made, it was well worth the time.They were willing to work with me on the price and were very appreciative of all the research/points of leverage I presented throughout the negotiation. I ended up getting a spectacular deal at Riverview and I will be recommending friends/family to use this dealership in the future to make a Toyota/Scion purchase.Special thanks to Paul, Tom, Travis, and Rich for working with me through the entire process and for showing the utmost courtesy, transparency, and integrity.
5	Chris was amazing when I leased my new car. I had never done it before and they not only gave me a great deal compared to other dealers, but they went out if their way to meet my needs and provide great customer service. 5 stars.
1	When this dealership needs something from you, they will blow up your phone all day until you satisfy their needs. Then when it is you who needs something from them they are too busy to answer, taking off early,  simply ignoring your messages and consciously not calling you back for weeks. Do not waste your time with these arrogant salesmen, they are the slimiest around.
3	So my husband and I were needing to purchase a Tacoma for our son who just received his drivers license. We went to three different dealerships who had pretty much the same truck and had quoted pricing pretty much the same. My son decided to go over to Riverview Toyota to ask the salesperson if he could look on the inside of the truck and he was told that he couldn't even open the door for him to sit in because he couldn't legally buy a car. He wound up leaving and going to another store that we shopped as well (who were slightly more expensive)  asked the same question and was not only allowed to sit in the truck but also able to look at other vehicles on the lot and was given a tour of both parts and service. He came home a little miffed and told us about this so I decided to write the owner at Riverview Toyota so I went to they're  website and was trying to get an email for the owner and on their "Meet the Staff" page I found something both funny and worrisome. 1st thing is that everyone has an email address except for the General Manager (Owner?) Rich Smith who appears not too interested to receive emails but his Bio on the website is as Follows; "If you build an army of 100 lions and their leader is a dog, in any battle , the lions will fail. But if you build an army of a 100 dogs and their leader is a lion, all the dogs will fight like a lion and succeed." This is just a small sample of what our leader does for this company. He cares for his employees and values our customers, the two things that cannot be over looked. This is why he is the foundation that makes this dealership an amazing place to work and purchase a vehicle from.I have no idea how this makes any sense; Do they equivocate selling to some kind of war? We made our purchase elsewhere after reading that. In conclusion, I can't give one star, it would not be fair to the person who helped us so I've decided on 3 stars. I would have liked to have given more however the way my son was treated was like the dog being killed by the lion, because that's what happens when dogs and lions fight. Lion wins, every time..
1	So how bad does it have to be to throw away the remaining free-included new car services? Pretty bad. I made an appointment online for a free tire rotation and "inspection". The "Assistant Service Manager" was long on ass but short on service. He seemed never to have been near a car before. He did not know how to get the odometer off trip to total miles. Oh yeah, they had no record of my service appointment even though they had emailed me confirmation.Two hours later, to do a tire rotation I can do in my drive way in 30 minutes, the upsell began. While being careful not to say my car had any problem at all, they said based on miles I "need" an alignment (with perfect tire wear?) and a balancing and a cabin air filter. All for the fun price of $235 plus taxes. Well, it doesn't need an alignment at $85 and $50 for balancing is ridiculous and not needed (gee, Costco does that for free when you buy tires there so guess where I'm going) and the $55 for the air filter is a total ripoff. I priced it out at Pep Boys at $10.99.For even more fun, they could not find my key and spent 15 minutes trying to find it so I could get out of there. The phrase "Incompetent Wankers" comes to mind. I'm not letting these clowns near my car again. I'll scrub the next free oil change and do it myself along with tire rotations.One last thing. The list of services performed states they cleaned the cabin air filter. I just pulled it and it was never touched. I blew out bits of desert plant flower petals. I can conclude they didn't do a damn thing to my car today.
1	Horrible service. I went to Riverview for the first time as I just moved to AZ. I waited 10 minutes before I was helped. I would have been ok with this had they been busy but I was one of the two cars in the service driveway. Once I was finally helped the price for an oil change was $30 more than what they had quoted me on the phone. For $90 dollars I can go to Lexus for an oil change and at Lexus they treat you well.
1	Zero stars. Not only did I overpay the dealership for my used vehicle, they won't replace the battery that they sold me that was dead. Didn't even register on the charger, it was that dead. Now, trying to find 100.00 that they practically stole from me on the price of this car, I'm left up a creek without a paddle. Don't expect timely call backs from them. They're assholes.
