4	It was cold on my first night in Montreal. Not horrifically cold, especially by Canadian standards, but cold nonetheless. After walking around Saint-Laurent a bit, I chose this restaurant to visit for my first dinner in the fair city. It was empty. I was literally the only customer on this early weeknight. I grabbed a seat, some hot tea, and looked over the menu, which was full of tasty sounding but not overly inventive or creative choices from Thailand and Laos. I asked the owner what she liked, and surprisingly she said Pad Thai. A little generic no? I'm not really a Pad Thai fan, but I decided to give it a try.Annnnnnd...it was surprisingly good! Order it spicy - it adds a nice kick without overwhelming anything. It comes with good pieces of chicken and shrimp, perfectly cooked noodles, and the right combo of spices. Really good on a chilly evening.I will absolutely return next time I am in the area and have a craving for some tasty SE Asian cuisine.
4	This place is authentic. I am pretty sure. I heard the waitress and cook speaking to each other which what I recognize as the Thai language. Anyway I came here a few times all spaced apart. My recent visit was yesterday and I ordered only 2 dishes: a small plate of spring rolls and a small chicken tom yum soup. I loved their other dishes like the pad thai and such but my favorite Thai dish is the tom yum soup. Their soup was spicy, hearty, and tasted tom yum-y. The broth was just right and even looked like the right color. Some tom yum soups in certain places don't look like they should with weird colors. Anyway, the spring rolls were not bad either and the peanut sauce had some red color on the edge (spicy sauce probably). It was very satisfying.I recommend ordering the pad thai or the tom yum soup here. Service is sometimes inconsistent though. But my recent visit, the service was very friendly.
4	Hiii, I'm Laotion and I just moved to Montreal recently and was one day craving Lao food. I decided to look up Laotion resto's in Montreal..I wasn't expecting anything buuut BAM! I found one :) It's not close to where I live but I decided to metro up to Cote Vertu and to my surprise the food is really authentic :) I've had the papaya salad, chicken wings, tom yum soup, pho, lab and Laos Sausages. I love it all. I'm ecstatic there's a place that has some of my favourite dishes that no other restaurant in the city has. I go at least  once every couple weeks when I get cravings for a home cooked meal. Beware, if you asked for the papaya salad spicy..you'll get it spicy! I like the way they use crab paste in there too to give it that extra fishy taste the way I like it. (Most Lao people eat it like this)The atmosphere is pretty simple and easy, prices are decent. I like hearing the women cooking and and talking in the kitchen, makes me miss talking Lao to my family. Things are fresh and made to order so if you're in a rush it's not the place to go to.
4	Great little Thai place. Service and food are great! Seats about 32. Cash only so don't forget your coins.
