3	What? They don't have air conditioning in Ireland? Agnes of God! It was hotter than the Blarney Stone on a hot humid June day. Plus we were tucked in away in an alcove, which was probably a cool table, I'm just not into big groups being smashed in a corner. What if I have to get out and pee? What if there's a fire? What if that mean leprachaun from that Jennifer Aniston movie comes in with a machete and starts hacking people? The Good: Server was very friendly and didn't mind being called babe, but don't call her sweetheart. I think gay guys can get a way with this. Hetero men, I'm not so sure. Smithwick on tap! My Irish eyes were smiling! Cute ass plaid skirts worn by cute as hell servers. The Bad: Potato skins....ummm...so basically it's a boiled potato with some weird cheese film wrapped around it, like gauze on a big toe. But it came with sour cream and chives and I could rub that all over my body and be happy.The Ugly. NEVER, did we receive silverware. Service was s l o w! Look we're not in Europe. We are not a leisurely people! Atmosphere was scattered and not really an Irish theme threaded throughout the large space. This one busboy chewing gum like a horse coming off ecstasy. Gross! I hate gum chewers! Especially when they are working. Etc...The Club sandwich was pretty good. Great 9 grain bread and a cranberry mayo but slim on the turkey and it had that weird processed texture and flavor.ABC was there citing the bartender for serving underage drinkers. Poor dude. It was an awkward moment for everyone. So Darcy McGee's I'd be back for a Smithwick. But my Lucky Charms ass will be sure to bring a small fan. And of course. My ID!Cheers!
2	From the minute you step in the door, it's pretty obvious that this is a chain. The nice thing about pubs in Ireland (lived over in the UK until I was 21, so I've been to a pub or seven) is that they may be owned by one or two brewery's, but they each have their own feel, menu, and clientele. Also, I've never seen a pub in Ireland with the servers wearing Scottish kilts; come to think of it, I've never seen one with the servers wearing Irish kilts either. The place lacked the craic (not a drug, the other kind--fun, enjoyment, abandonment, or lighthearted mischief; often in the context of drinking or music). What I really want to know is what the heck nachos were doing on the menu in a so-called Irish pub. Just because potato wedges were substituted for tortilla chips doesn't mean the dish is now Irish. Oh, and what was up with the Cheese Whizz crap they put on top of them. On the bright side, the boxty wasn't bad--basically stewed beef (cooked with Guinness) in a potato pancake. Suggestion:  a live, Irish band might make all the difference to D'Arcy McGee's, but I'm not in charge of marketing. In the mean time, if you want a place with a somewhat more traditional Irish pub's atmosphere, go to Rula Bula on Mill Avenue.
1	I'm sorry, it wasn't possible to give negative stars.  I went here after hearing some well placed advertising on the radio.  Who knows what corporate monger is funding the promotion of this horrific excuse for an Irish pub, but let's hope they realize it's all for nothing and open something worthwhile in it's spot.I completely agree that it's an obvious attempt to re-create an Irish pub by a chain restaurant.  A highly unsuccessful attempt.  The decor was cheap and re-created for the feel, but one glance up and the poorly disguised open, industrial type ceiling explained why it was so loud and not at all 'pub-ish'.The menu did a great job of making things sound super tasty.  Everything we ordered was anything BUT tasty.  We opted to start with the Crisp Calamari & Shrimp.  Wow, does Van de Camp know that you are serving their food for public consumption?  I bet they'd love the nod of acknowledgement.  By the way, this was the best thing we got all night long.Next came the entrees, billed as Irish Favorites on the menu.  eegads!  I ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Boxty.  What I got was Dinty Moore Beef stew in a folded over tortilla!  My boyfriend ordered the Guiness Steak & Mushroom Crock.  The same Dinty Moore, side by side with mashed potatoes, fresh from the box.  We were so disappointed that we barely ate anything.  We actually preferred the appetizer of frozen tid bits to the entrees.Thankfully, our waitress noticed & sent the manager over.  Sadly, he insisted that we must not like authentic Irish food and that their chef's fly to Ireland to meet with top chefs and bring back the best recipes.  Wow, $45 for 3 bites of food, and an appetizer worthy of the frozen food isle in the grocery store.  I can't even pass along the $20 gift card to my worst enemy to eat there.
4	I really enjoyed eating here. The food has been good and the 3 dollar pints on Fridays is nice as well. The place is neat and tidy and the staff is very friendly. They messed up on my dessert but comped it to me for the screw up. Overall a good experience, and the appeteizers were great. I would reccomend this place.
3	i went here first night after it opened. Even though they had just opened the service was decent a little slow but not to bad... very helpful helping me pick something I hadn't tried before. Social hr prices on select beers is a good but no food specials is a bummer. Probably won't go there often considering other options at Tempe Marketplace.
2	After seeing a movie late Saturday afternoon, the husband and I decided to try D'Arcy McGees since we were in the area. Big mistake. It's the Disney World version of an Irish pub. The hostesses and waitresses are dressed in short plaid skirts and knee highs. The menus are super glossy and remind me of the ones you get at Ruby Tuesdays. Not much on the menu appealed to us, which made selecting something to eat hard. There isn't much on the menu that screams Irish pub to me at all except for boxtys.We had the "Blarney Chips" as an appetizer which were waffle fries, cheese, tomatoes and jalapeno peppers. They were not good at all. The "nippy cheese" was Cheez-Whiz! It also made the fries soggy. We left quite a bit on the plate. For dinner, Chris had the Yorkshire pudding appetizer, which he said was reasonably good. I had the Warm Goat Cheese salad...mistake. The goat cheese was mixed with herbs and something else that Chris and I can't put our fingers on, but whatever it was, it did not taste good. The spring mix was good, but if you mess up lettuce, then you should not be in business. For 2 beers, 2 appetizers, and 1 salad, our bill came to $42. Prices were definitely on the high side for the quality of food.D'Arcy McGees has no atmosphere at all and could really be helped by having live bands. It really is a restaurant and has no pub feel to it at all. As Chris said, this wouldn't be a place you would just go and drink like you would at other pubs in the Valley like Rosie's or Rula Bula. To sum up our experience at D'Arcy McGees, when we were waiting to pay the bill, Chris looked at me and said, "I wish we had just gone to Chipotle instead."
3	I did not plan to eat here, so I had not read any reviews prior to going.  I don't think McGee's is nearly as bad as some of the reviews I've since read-at least my experience was not.  Is it an authentic Irish pub?  No, but last time I checked we're in the middle of the desert and it's 110 degrees outside.  Every place I've been to at Marketplace is pretty commercialized anyway.  We had lunch this afternoon.  Not too busy at all.  The server came before I had a chance to see the drink menu.  I asked if they had any cider.  "Like a cider beer?" she asked.  Well, I don't mean apple juice.  She suggested something I agreed to.  Since I'm not a beer drinker, I didn't recognize the name of the beer--probably because it wasn't cider.  Which by the way, there is cider on their drink menu.  I was not impressed she didn't know that, but overall, service was good.But in any case, we ordered Yorkshire pudding for an appetizer.  My husband and I both enjoyed it.  I ordered fish and chips.  The fish is haddock.  Maybe it's not the best fish you've ever had, but it was cooked nicely-not overdone at all.  My husband had a shepherd's pie which he also had no complaints about.  I did like that both our entrees came with the option to order a smaller size.  I wish more restaurants offered this, especially this time of year when the leftovers would spoil by the time you made it to your car which might be 1/2 mile away given the parking situation here.They seem to have some nice drink specials on different days of the week.  It's also a decent sized space if you have a larger group.  A pleasant experience.
4	I must first confess that I did not eat here so take this review with that context.  I'm reviewing this simply from a beer & service standpoint.First, I like the atmosphere.  They did it in dark wood.  The place has music...but it's not too loud.The beer selection is great.....and I had a fantastic experience with service.  The bartender was very attentive and a good conversationalist.I would go back again.
2	Ok, so I went to this place on Saturday night with a first date.  Its located inside the Tempe Market place sortof near the theatre section.So, I get there, and its a late date.  Like 10:30 PM.  On a Saturday Night.  They had a few security people checking ID's, and after I did that and got my hand stamped, my date and I went and got seated.  The place was half empty!  There were people at the bar area, and a few seated throughout the rest of the resturant.So, we sit down.  For some reason, service took forever here.  My date went to the bar and ordered drinks, but eventually the server came by and took it for us.  (he was waiting for a while at the bar.)I guess after a certain time they only have a limited menu.  So, we ordered our food.  He got a burger and fries, and I got this bread with stuff on top of it.  His burger looked delicious, and my bread looked appitizing and was tasty. Another thing I disliked was that there was some kind of band playing here...and it was really really loud.  I mean, I personally am not a band critic, but it was really annoying, and loud, and I couldnt carry on a conversation or be heard.  So, not condisive to enjoying a dinner.Anyways, I cant say that I would reccomend this place, the food was okay, but the service was SO SLOW, and the music was super loud and annoying.  I dont plan on returning anytime soon.
3	Ok...maybe I just don't know Irish food...I didn't think this place was horrible...but it wasn't the best either.I came here with the cuz before we set out to the most amazing concert in the land.  (That would be Neil Diamond, btw.  And yes, this review is a little late)  It was a Friday night and I was surprised that it wasn't busy...even with drinking folk.I did order too much food.  But I can never turn down French Onion soup...which I thought was very yummy.  I thought that the menu options were a bit scarce and I really couldn't find anything else that sounded good...but I did end up with a chicken sandwich.  The cuz did like her pot pie... we did order calamari as an appetizer which was good.  The big problem was that they did bring out our main dishes way too soon.  LET ME DIGEST!!!!Would I come here again?  Since it is down the street where i live, there is a good chance.
3	I stopped by D'Arcy's one Friday night in Tempe for dinner and drinks.Now, I notice some poor ratings in here.  But, for Rodney Peete's sake, take a good look at yourself in the mirror for a second and look at what you're complaining about.YOU'RE IN ARIZONA.  Do you really expect there to be the greatest Irish cuisine?  That's like eating a turkey without a chicken and a duck in it!!But anywhoo, my bro and I ordered some potato skins with bacon and sour cream for a crappetizer.  They were friggin delicious.  Imagine the whole wedge of 'tater cut and then deep fried... almost like a tuber version of one of those Mrs. Smith fish sandwiches... you know what I'm talkin bout?  My mom useta make me those fishburger thangs all the time growin up...  *drool*  But anyway.  Our waitress was real cool and we tried to get her to do Irish carbombs with us.  She wanted to but apparently it was "against company policy." (!?)All in all, pretty good for some Irish flava while in the middle of a desert.Tempe Marketplace is dope.
1	This place has a complex about what ethnicity is it. Plaid skirts are Scottish, food from the U.K. only includes Northern Ireland, and the boxty this place served me came in a potato tortilla. Really. just like at the Old Town Tortilla Factory. For the record, boxty isn't entirely irish. In fact with the exception of a burger and mash potatoes, nothing on this menu would appear on a menu in ireland, not even at the airport. and even if boxty was a reguarly served food there, its always done poperly by shredding potatoes. Thats in fact the only part of the dish that makes it the dish. That aside, even what what in our "boxty" was gross. I didn't expect a lot, but this place dissapoints.
3	You MUST try breakfast at D'Arcy McGee's! It was a wonderful departure from the boring, routine fare offered in so many restaurants in the valley. The hash is the only hash I will eat, with generous amounts of corned beef and cooked to a wonderful crunch.The appetizers are very good, as is the soup. (stew really.) Lunch and dinner are equally pleasing with a tasty variation on the tradional boxty and fish and chips that are a challenge to finish the portion is so large. (I discovered later that you can order smaller servings of almost everything on the menu.)If you enjoy GOOD beer then D'Acy's won't disappoint you with Guienness, Harp, Bass, Smithwick's and several other wonderful examplers of the brewers art. But if you insist on bland domestics they have those as well. ;)  Fridays they have an Irish happy hour from 3 - 6 serving pints of Guienness, Harp & Smithwick's for only $3.00! Worth the trip all by itself.The feel of the place is that of an Irish pub, with a goodly amount of American marketing thrown in. If you are looking for an "authentic" Irish pub D'Arcy's falls a bit short. But the food is worth the visit, the service is excellent, and it feels enough like a pub to transport you away from the stifling heat of our desert home.Give D'Arcy McGee's a try, you will enjoy it.
4	I love how many people rag on this place because its too "corporate". Who cares?!? I went last week and I really liked the dish I had, it was like a beef stew marinated in Guinness with mashed potatoes on top, my only complaint was that it was a little bit small for my liking, but what can I say I love to eat. The server I had was awesome, like maybe the best service I have had in 6 months. People you should know what you are getting into. It shouldnt be a shocker that when you go to a giant mall in tempe that the decor and atmosphere are not the same as a hole in the wall in Ireland, call me crazy, but maybe I am just not a complete moron.
1	D'Arcy McGee's is like a beauty contestant... nice to look at but inept when it comes to basic talents.  On several visits the service has either been slow, bad or downright invisible.   The food is avg. at best, and definitely reflects the corporate chain mentality behind the place.  It's as much and Irish/Celtic pub experience as Outback is a celebration of Australian fare.
4	St. Patty's is around the corner and I have to say after last nights dinner it prompted me to check Yelp and wonder how it faired because I had one of the best experiences I ever had at an irish pub (At least in this city).  Little did I know that you guys have not enjoyed the great atmosphere and surprisingly good food.  I am not irish nor do I know what Irish food really looks like but I will tell you that Yelp is about food not about politics so keep those feelings to yourself.  Whether its a corporation or not the food was very good.  The drink selection was very respectable.  I don't think I have had erdinger on tap here in the states.  I met the owner of the place and he was very good with our table and gave us some background of the company's growth in the States from Canada. I had the hamburger that was recommended by one of the servers and it was one of the best burgers I have had in a long time.  Yes I know an Irish bar?  It was well cooked the fries were great and pairing that up with a pint is quite welcoming.  We had the bread pudding for desert and it was by far better than the rocks they have served me at several places around town.  Bottom line its Great! its also March 2009, The place is now a bit more tenured so maybe it was a bit of time it needed to get up and running,  Definitely fine me here on St. Patty's.
2	This place is just ok. It looks nice and we hoped for the best but it felt like a large fake chain. We had a large technology group who wanted to meet there and they claimed to have wireless, but their signal was terrible and their hardware wasn't worth it. We asked them to help accomodate us and that we'd be bringing back large groups again, but they didn't seem interested in our business and we've not been back since.
1	This place sucks. Please seat yourself and please serve yourself. After sitting for about 5 minutes we watched 3 servers ignore us & had to go inside. We watched this happen with 2 other tables. The music sucks, don't order liquor drinks because you'll be paying $10 for soda water!
3	Must be that I always go with an Irish they always treat us good and enjoy their Sheppard's pie and the Rubens! Good for Brunch but somehow I still don't like Tempe Market place to eat outside...Tuesday is a good deal for beers, 2 for 1!!
4	I had dinner with a friend after going to see a movie at the Cine Capri and it was much better than I expected. They had a lamb burger with Stilton cheese that I tried (order it with Sweet potato fries, not the wedges as listed, so you get some crunch) and they serve it on what appears to be a home made bun. The servers were nice (had sort of a twisted kilt look with young girls by the way, it may be Scottish but adds a fun touch) and I had the Erdinger beer - a light wheat beer from Germany, on draft - that was great (Irish bar with Scottish kilts, serving German beer but I love German beer but don't like German food so it worked out). I'm going out there to try the home made corn beef hash with their late breakfast so the rating may go up - the think I have noticed about this place is that over time, they have continued to improve - which is the mark of a good restaurant. I consider it probably one of the best eating choices in the mall, at this point.
3	I'd been looking forward to trying another Irish Pub, and after reading Yelp reviews of a few other places in Tempe Marketplace, we decided to try D'Arcy's out.   We walked in, and it has the pub feel, dark paneling, and some potted ferns.  Overall it was a pleasant atmosphere.  Walked up to the bar to sit at 1:00 PM on a Sunday, and was a little upset that we had to ask the bartender to wipe the debris of the previous patrons off the bar.  I was slightly more disturbed that she looked like I had asked her to do inappropriate things with a duck. Once the bar was clean, I was happy with the on tap beer selection, and most of the menu items looked good.  We ordered the Stilton Cheese appetizer - warm cheese in a brown bread bowl with bread and apple slices to spread the cheese on.  Honestly, I could have eaten that all day long.My friend ordered the Sheppard's pie, and I got a burger (was so in a red meat mood).  Both were made well, and very flavorful.  Portions were large, but not ridiculous sized. Once again, I was too full to even think about a dessert, but it looked like they had some interesting options.  Other than the little bit of crumb drama at the beginning, the service was friendly enough, and I was happy.  I'd like to go back on a weekend night and see what they are like with a few more bodies, but it was a perfect break in the middle of shopping at Tempe Marketplace.
4	I have walked past D'Arcy McGee's several times, but have never stopped inside. In trying to find a location for a large happy hour to honor three co-worker birthdays, we initially stopped by another restaurant in the Tempe Marketplace.  That turned out to be a bust thanks to poor service, so we scrambled for a new location before everyone else showed up. D'Arcy McGee's was able to handle the request and allocate large spacing on the patio for all of us. The bar had a nice selection of happy hour items from 4-6, including $3 Harp, Guinness, and one of my increasingly favorite beers the Four Peaks Kilt lifter. The happy hour prices did not extend to food, but our party ordered the baked brie, the chicken wings, the vegetarian grill bread and the mini Yorkshire puddings. Each was about $9-$10, but very tasty. The waitress kept the drinks filled and made sure to come by more quickly as happy hour came to a close. I ordered another drink 10 minutes before happy hour and a few minutes later the waitress brought me a second drink seconds later. The atmosphere was great, the service was wonderful and the staff was able to help our party out at the last minute. The evening turned out to be a good time.
3	This is really just a nice bar/restaurant. Just because you decorate in green for St. Patty's day, play Dropkick Murphys or Flogging Molly, & serve Irish beer doesn't necessarily make you an Irish pub.4 of us came here to listen to The Sharett Miller Duo since my friend knows Sharett. I recommend you check Sharett & Tom out. They're very good. http://www.myspace.com/sharettmillerduoWe were carded at the door & stamped with the word "Craic". I have a pretty large vocabulary but was unfamiliar with this word. I asked what it meant.I was told, "It can mean anything you want it to."My response was, "That is not a good answer."I wasn't drunk enough for that BS banter. Don't stamp my hand with a word if you don't even know what it means. I was honestly curious. Anyway, here's what it means:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CraicI hope our server was new. She came over & tried carding us, again.1 of my friends asked for a black velvet. She asks, "Black & tan?My other guy friend's last name is Schneider. He spotted a Schneider Weisse on their menu. He just had to order that. Our servers' response: "Is that a beer?"Oh boy...My smoking friend liked that they had a patio.I liked the dark stained wood paneling & beams.Also, the restrooms are brightly lit & clean. Nice. Wish the sinks were automatic though. I'm a slight germ freak when it comes to public restrooms.
3	Love the Blarney Chips!! They are waffle fries with nacho toppings on steroids! The late night menu rocks! Bar service was much better the second time around.
2	Very disappointing.  I don't understand why it is called an Irish Pub.  The food was not great, very expensive, and the service was bad (considering we were the only ones in the place.)  Much better places to go when you feel like spending $40 on a meal for two
2	Maybe this rating is a bit harsh.  It wasn't that bad.  But, I also think that we have ALL been to more authentic pubs which were more comfortable, and offered better fare than this location.  I want to give a third star, but, I cannot because it would be misleading when you consider other places that I have given a three star rating.  After three visits, here is what I will say and why I am leaving it at two...:-(1. If you decide to be daring and offer a stilton based boule for a starter...PLEASE ADD STILTON.  It cannot be cream cheese with a few crumbs of stilton because those who really love stilton are going to be ordering it JUST for that strong odor and taste.  Don't cheat.2.  Two of the three times I visited, you were out of rice for your curry dish.  REALLY?  Poor planning.  And, it is VERY hard for me to give marks on an Irish Pub without tasting its curry.  Sadness.3.  Service with a smile.  Not a snarl.  And although my heavily tattooed server was pleasant with us, she really must have been having a bad night on one of my visits where she had to basically ignore a small group having a birthday because she voiced that they were too " needy".  It's their birthday!  And they were born in May.  One should anticipate some neediness.4.  I have to give you props for the mini yorkshire puddings but technically those are not irish.  They are northern England.  Hence the name?  But they are good.5.  Fisherman's Chowder needs to be less gelatinous and more fishy.  You don't need to have corn starch added to the broth.  Was this done to once again spread this out and save on fish?  Not sure but it was not a winner.  It was just not right.6.  The Steak and Mushroom Crock:  just ok.  Got it twice and found it very salty.I keep wanting to give the place another go. Here's why.  I like that there is an attempt to have live music on the weekends.  And the spirit of the Irish sing a long is alive there.  So, if we can just get some of the food items worked out and some of the people to love their jobs... it could be better.  I just know it can.  Please?
5	One word. Poutine. Best thing ever. I was beyond excited when I saw D'arcy had poutine on the menu. I would go back just for that...
2	I came in here last night before a movie to grab a pint of Guinness. I was very unimpressed with the decor, it looked very unauthentic, I also thought the service was horrible. We let the server know we were in a hurry and ordered our drinks and attempted to close our tab at the same time. That apparently was too much for her to handle. Overall, I didn't get a good vibe from this place, the food didn't look appetizing and it was overpriced. Needless to say, I won't be back. If you are in Tempe and want a good Irish pub, go to Rula Bula or Robbie Foxes.
2	If this were a review on service alone I would give 5 stars.  Our server, April, was very nice and attentive to our table.  I found the food to be a bit on the bland side.  My steak and mushroom crock was topped with instant potatoes.  The meat was tender and the mushrooms were fresh, but the instant potatoes were a deal-breaker for me.  My friend's lunch was pretty bland to her.  I did not taste it.  I will have to give this place another chance at a later date.  Their hamburgers looked really good.
2	See message below from the owner of D'Arcy McGees:They do not use instant potatoes.  I would like to correct that portion of my review.  Amber,I am the owner of D'Arcy McGee's. We go through over 400lbs of potatoes a week. We have never used instant potatoes and never will. Your comments were not true. Come back to the Pub Tuesday -  Saturday from 11:00 AM - 04:00 PM  and I will take you for a tour of our kitchen so you can see for yourself. Thanks,Mike Dizinno
2	if you're the type of person who often frequents tempe marketplace you'll probably love itif not then im already sure your already at casey's laughing at the thought of drinking at this corporate sh*tholetwo or three beers ran my tab up to $31 dollars!idk about you but where i come from thats robberya couple of pints should under no circumstance cost you $31spare me
3	While I may not be the biggest fan of Tempe Marketplace, I can understand the appeal. I probably in all likelihood will not be making my way back in a good long while.I may have my complaints, and gripes; but owner Michael D has shown me true sympathy and understanding regarding my distaste, and his generosity speaks volumes as to what kind of establishment he is trying to run. With that said, and a good amount of time having elapsed since my last visist, the sting of my bill doesnt hurt as badly as it did that first afternoon. and if i recall correctly, those 3 beers I had were fairly large Carlsbergs, so I can understand their price tag.All in all D'Arcy McGee's is a nice place, with good food and a relaxed atmosphere.I take back my petty complaints.
2	Yep 2 stars my friends.  I think this place gets the go simply because of the location.  Great place to put a restaurant let's just say - right outside the entrance to the theaters.  Other than that I'm not too impressed.  Food was edible and that's all I'll say, but nothing that really stuck out.  I guess I'm being too harsh, but I'm a food snob - I have the rights! :)  Decor is interesting.  They try to get the old pub feel, quite comfy and cozy but it's just not the same without snow - oh PHX!  However, I've been to a more interesting Irish pub up north called the skeptical chymist - and definitely more fun.  Service was kind and upbeat, which I expected from restaurants in Tempe Market Place.  Gosh, can you imagine that crowd they deal with!  - Enjoy!
3	came here for dinner with a friend last night. we were seated right away. the food was good. i had the seafood pie and my friend had the chicken tikka masala boxty. i love that they serve black velvets (guinness and cider) here! one of my fav drinks. service was good. our waitress was really good about checking in with us. theres a nice outdoor patio area which is perfect now that the weather is cooling down. would i come back? sure!
5	The Octoberfest menu is a great addition to the fall menu's and the new beer's always are great, this is by far one of the best pubs in the east valley.  They actually have good beers that you should expect at a pub and also the food compliments well.  Not just the average fried food you get elsewhere.
2	menu is fairly lacking, even for an irish pub, and a bit overpriced, but maybe they have to be to make the rent...although they seem to make it up in booze sales.  staff was a bit rude and non-existant at times, but not much else around hre for irish pubs.  the guiness was good, but hard to screw that up I guess!
3	I hear they're big in Canada! Seriously, this is a Canadian chain of Irish-themed restaurants. Among pub-style chains (think Rock Bottom, Yard House, etc.) they offer a decent choice. I did not love my sandwich (It was a special but so unimpressive, I can't even remember what it was...) but the short rib grillbread was decent. Saw some other menu items I'd be interested to try. Good happy hour, with half price apps and reasonable drink prices.
3	This place is the Applebee's of Irish pubs.  While they do have typical pub fare and drinks, the place just felt fake to me.  The entire staff was very pleasant but I'd much rather go to Rula Bula or KC Moore's.  The vibe at those places is much better.  I can't fault this place for trying though.  Trying to make an Irish pub into a chain can't be an easy task.  However, this place fits in perfectly in Tempe Marketplace and is probably a crowd pleaser.
4	Went to D'Arcys with a couple of co-workers for happy hour on a Friday night, and have to say this is a sweet little spot. Staff was friendly service was fast. I cant really say if the food was good because all we had was drinks, they have plenty of Beers on tap, if that's your thing, but also have great prices on well drinks. Most definitely will be back for happy hour!
2	Ok, here's the deal. I spent my junior year abroad in Irleand. Pub=happy, community low key place to relax. This place was so full of it's own Irishness that I was floored. I went in to have a little lunch while waiting for the techies at Best Buy to finish up a computer repair. Sat at the bar. I can say that the place is a magnet for power lunches with more expense account than they know what to do with. Other than that, the place wasn't seeing much by way of traffic. I was the only one at the bar, and their did not seem to be any in there dining "for pleasure". The walls blast you with plaques of witty sayings about what it means to be Irish. Good thing, because other than that you would have no friggin clue that the place was "Irish" The decor was pompous and straightlaced. Quite honestly a real Irish pub would have kicked this sissy pub's ass.I had a couple glasses of Cabernet and the short ribs. The ribs were pleasant, meaty rich and the julienned veggies a bit oversteamed for my taste, gravy A-ok. They carded me which was amusing. The bill came to $22 for the wine and ribs, which seems a little much to me. But then again, I guess it takes some serious lettuce to be that authentic.
2	Seems overpriced for the quality of food.  I've been here probably 5 times, each time the appetizers and the entrees are just so-so.  There is one fantastic dish there, the goat cheese salad.  But again, it's goat cheese salad and I'm sure most people want something a bit more hearty when looking for an Irish pub.  That is quite honestly the only good dish I have have had there, or people I know have had there.  The menu is tradtional Irish fare, but it's just not that good, plain and simple.  Happy hour is pretty decent.
3	Didn't eat, but they have Four Peaks peach ale on tap and good happy hour prices on the beer, so that will earn them 3 stars!
3	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday with the wife and mother. Three stars because two-and-a-half is not an option.The Good: Happy hour on a Saturday... that's a good thing. We were early for happy hour on the first round, but we got the second round at happy hour prices. I am a beer freak and like to try new stuff. I had a couple of Erdingers, a German beer. Go figure that the the thing I enjoyed most in an Irish pub is a German beer.The Not-So-Good (Bad is too strong a word): My club sandwich was just so so. Maybe it's my fault for just not ordering a burger in a pub or being too cheap to spend nearly $15 on fish and chips. Three slices of toasted multigrain bread with mayo, tomatoes, turkey and bacon. Sounds hard to mess up, right? All I tasted was dry, over-toasted bread. I hardly found any turkey. Wife and mom both had the burgers (Moral of the story: women are smarter than men). They looked fine but maybe a little dry to me. They did not rave about them so I figured they were just OK. If it was really good my wife would have said so.The Ugly: $70 at lunch for a glass of wine, four beers, two burgers and a pile of bread. In my best Irish accent... a wee bit pricey.If I go back: It will be during happy hour and, because Mom knows best, I will order the burger.
1	Y'know what? I usually try to go to a place a number of times before reviewing it. I was only here once an NEVER WANT TO GO BACK. It's just awful corporate "Irish" BS! Their burger (Mushroom Swiss I believe) was $14! So much I remarked to my friend how excited I was to try this ridiculously priced burger...it was moderately OK. They had a Tullamore Dew mirror but no Tullamore on the menu (Tullamore Dew is an Irish Whiskey), going back to the place being "Irish." I asked the manager about the whiskey and he had no idea what I was talking about.The best part! They had a beer menu with domestics and imports. Imports were $1.50 more and Fat Tire was listed on there as a Belgian import. Now it is from New Belgium Brewing, which is located in that far of land of Colorado! Again, asked the manager about that, he had no idea what I was talking about.
4	Love Darcy's for a beer and some yummy cheese dip !
1	I thought I'd give this place another try. That was a mistake. They still can't pour a proper pint of Guinness (how hard can this be, the instructions are on the Guinness website). I had to send the pint back twice and finally gave up on the third one. The food was flavorless and cold. One person in my party had a soggy cold burger that appearred to me microwaved.On a Saturday night, this place was empty. I don't understand with the reviews on here and the lack of business on the night most people go out to eat, how they are still open. I rated this with one star because our service was incredibly nice (and apologetic when she realized none of us ate our meals or drank the Guinness and cut the price of our bill in half). I feel bad for the wait staff.
3	Service was great! Our waitress was genuinely interested in our satisfaction. We happened to be there on 1/2 off Wine Wednesday which made us very happy. First, we waited far too long for our waitress to bring our wine. It turns out that they couldn't find the House variety that we ordered, so they upgraded us to a higher quality brand for the same price of the House and a complimentary dessert type of drink at no cost. This was a chocolate, Kahlua drink that was very good! That corrected the long wait. The appetizer was so-so. We ordered the Shrimp and Artichoke Dip. It was a little bit spicy, but it wasn't too bad. Dinner was also OK. My husband ordered the corned beef with cabbage and loved it. I thought it was terrible, because of the heavy clove flavor. I ordered the beef and mushroom crock. The menu was vague, and I didn't realize the mashed potatoes were actually served on top of the stew.  I also had them put some cheddar on top. It was good, but not exceptional. Bland flavors but edible. I think my dish must have sat on the warming counter or in the oven for a long time because the cheese was practically baked, not just melted, and the stew was extremely hot with the crustiness that appears when something sits too long. I'm not kidding when I say "hot". We could see it steaming and I had to wait awhile for it to cool off enough to eat.  I suppose I could have sent it back, but I didn't.  The seasonal vegetables were good. Altogether, with our coupon and the half off wine, it was an inexpensive meal for two. We were happy with the service and tipped according to the pre-discount amount. Although the food was not impressive, it was not bad, and we would probably go back with an appropriate coupon.
3	I went here with a large party and I get it that large parties can be a bit difficult to accommodate sometimes but is asking for a little smile too much for the 18% gratuity we have to pay?The food was alright but an odd issue came up. I wanted to order a small salad and was told that they only had one size...okay, no problem - but then why did someone else in the same party order the same exact salad in a small size? Whatever, I'm not going to make a big deal about it. We had the same waitress the whole night and her only saving grace was that she warmed up a little bit towards the end of the night and was kind enough to split our bill the way we wanted to. This wouldn't be a first choice if I came back to Tempe Marketplace.
3	I went to this place to meet some friends in AZ for dinner.  I was very happy with the food, it was tasty and made quickly to order, as I had the Bleu Cheese Burger and a bowl of their chowder.  However, my service was slower then I would have liked, although friendly.I also was not impressed with an Irish Pub not really having the strongest selection of beers on tap.  They did know how to make a Black Velvet, but were making it with the wrong cider (generally Magner's, which they had, is used, they used Strongbow) and they did not have a huge selection of Irish beers outside of Guinness, it was mostly domestics.Also, it was not the easiest to locate in the shopping complex that it is located in, granted that's not totally their fault.I'd go back, but mostly to give it another shot, hoping that my first impression wasn't correct.
2	Well I've been to D'Arcy McGee's now for a third time (trying to give it the benefit of the doubt). The staff is always nice, the bathrooms are clean, and the place looks nice. With all that being said, I've found that each time we are there the food is only okay and the beer isn't cold enough. Yesterday was exactly the same as the times before. It's an easy place to visit after a movie or shopping, but I don't think I'll be back if I don't have to.
2	Stopped in before a movie for a bite to eat.Food was meh and the service was the pits.  I really didn't need to hear the servers talk about bloody cuts and how they were in the hospital while I was eating.  Standing right in front of me!I'll be going elsewhere
1	I give them a 1 star for the penny shots and nothing else.I never got to try any food here but the gravy fries looked alright. I like more cheese per se but what really caught my attention was the lack of service. We had been sitting with our friends and having a good time. My boyfriend had seen a poster in the mens bathroom for bomb drinks for 4.99 with everything. So my boyfriend had ordered the harlem bomb with his friend and she added on the redbull as an extra for like $3 a piece. With 6 people or 2 couples at LEAST you would think when the waitress first came up she would ask if we wanted the check split up to save time/frustration/ and confusion. She seriously had the audacity to tell us that we should have told her?! REALLY THOUGH REALLY? What kind of waitress is she?! I understand if the bar is closing and its slowed down but that doesnt mean its okay for you to go run and hide in the back and make out with your boyfriend. My friend walked out of the restroom and saw them eating each others faces. While we had a movie to catch and could not find her anywhere.  So with 20 min before the midnight showing of moneyball she finally brought us our long check that she asked 6 of us to separate on our own because she obviously wasn't smart enough to remember what we got and split it. We had a hard time with how it was set up on the bill because their computer was having problems. When  we wrote down what we had on backs of receipts and a menu she took the original bill from us when we told her that she charged us for the red bull we could tell she didn't want to get an approval for that by the way she grabbed the bill from us. EXTREME FORCE! AWESOME!  I LOVE when  waitresses gives me attitude. She is lucky I'm patient but she is not lucky that one of our friends was a waitress before and does NOT  take Sh*t from anyone especially from people with extreme attitude.So she came back again after a good 10 minutes of getting the red bull taken off with one whole check again and slammed it on the table. When my friend had seen this she spoke up and said "YOU NEED TO GET BETTER SERVICE SKILLS" the waitress came back and was like "what did you say to me?!" My friend responded by saying "i know this is a lot of work for you on a slow night but slamming our receipt doesn't solve anything" The waitress kept arguing i am not going to type it all because it topped the worst customer service experience i have ever witnessed and don't understand how the broad has a job as a waitress. We had split up two of the orders by writing down what we had ordered.  So it was self explanatory. she came back again after another 10-15 minutes.  I really wanted to try their food and desserts but after that experience i don't think any of the 6 people including myself will be going back.  I had to leave to go save our tickets for the movie so god only knows if she kept up with her hostile behavior. Most horrid waitress ever. Don't know her name because she never introduced herself kindly to say if we needed anything to call her over. All i know is she was talll dark brown hair and had a piercing on her face i believe a monroe but i am not positive. BEWARE. SHE MIGHT BITE YOUR HEAD OFF! EEK!i hope the managers read this and i wish i had the time to talk to someone higher up than that night but did not have the time since it took her over 30 minutes to take off red bulls and split up checks. If your business has 2 and a half stars wouldn't that make you want to change something?? Where is the guy from restaurant impossible when you need him to yell at that girl??
1	So apparently the food was horrible according to 4 people so i know i wont be back for food even though the gravy cheese curd fries looked yummy enough
3	Stopped in for brunch while shopping with my girl Faun B., and I was pleasantly surprised by the decor and the service.  Our waitress was absolutely AWESOME, really friendly, attentive, just top notch.  The food was "ok", nothing special but filled the belly without breaking the bank "too much" (I had the chicken pie, which was $11 so not exactly on the cheap end).  FYI though, Faun B. had the corned beef hash and said it was the best she had ever had.They had a build your own bloody mary bar which Faun B. took advantage of (I unfortunately was nursing a hangover from a wedding the night before) - a 2 oz pour was $5.    Can't say I'll be back unless I happen to be in the area on a Sunday morning, in which case I'd want to stop in and have a crack at the bloody mary bar.  Overall, I think there's better food in the marketplace, so will likely go to one of the other places.
2	Unfortunately, I have learned that I have been causing a dear friend to have headaches due to my neglect of Yelp. So starting today I am turning over a new leaf, and will be more diligent in writing reviews. First on the list, is D'arcy McGee's.We met up here for brunch this past weekend, and I was intrigued by the build your own bloody mary bar. For $5, the server (who was a sweetheart btw) brought me a water glass almost full of vodka. Yippee!!! I was apprehensive about having to mix my own mary, but thanks to their wide array of ingredients (including 3 different types of bloody mary mix, and real horseradish), I am now confident in my ability to make bloody mary's. If only they had bottomless mimosa's, I'd have been in heaven. Renata had the chicken pot pie, which was gorgeous looking, in it's own bowl of puff pastry, but apparently tasted like chicken soup and saltines. For $7 less, we could''ve put a Marie Callender's pot pie in the oven, and hung out in our jammies. But we were out halloween shopping, which kind of requires leaving the house.I had the corned beef hash, which was delightful. It was real corned beef, all stringy and seasoned like corned beef should be. And instead of diced potatoes, they mixed the corned beef into creamy, fluffly, buttery mashed potatoes and made a giant meat and potato pancake... YUM! And the texas toast was amazing! I could have made a meal out of just the texas toast. The rest of their brunch menu looked kind of meh. I think the place could be top notch if they focus more on true irish food, and practice at doing that really really well.
5	Stopped in there for a late lunch....AMAZING! Really. Something for everyone and great lunch prices, not crowded, plenty of parking & excellent service (hot chicks in kilts and knee socks).3 generations of Irish women go into a bar...no joke...we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. -I had the $9 grilled chicken sandwich (thick bacon, chicken breast on ciabatta with savory sauce lettuce tomato and salad greens) w/ a salad. My grandma had the $9 seafood pie (whole shrimp and scallops in typical pie filling/filo dough wrapped) w/ a salad. My mom had the $4 bowl of french onion soup. Then we split a $5 chocolate volcano and $5 apple crisp with ice cream.  ~And their coffee tastes like there's a little chocolate in it. mmmmm....I used to go here for beer and the cheese and bread appetizer before movies, but now I think this is the best kept secret LUNCH spot.
4	Went to see a movie this Sunday morning at Harkins in Tempe Marketplace (no, not Real Steel, Ides of March people, give me credit for a little class) and is my wont I went with my fellow movie-goer over to this fine Irish establishment. The nice thing about Sunday lunch, it is not that crowded and the service is generally quite quick.The server, a lovely young woman whose name I can't recall, in a fetching Scottish/Irish lass sort of outfit that is somewhat less risque than what one might find at the tilted kilt, was kind enough to let us know they had Pumpkin Porter from Four Peaks on tap so kudos to what is a chain restaurant for bringing some local brews into the mix and actively letting the customers know about the option.However, I've had it several times so I chose a light wheat bear, the 20 oz size and I had the roasted beet and flat iron steak option. I generally get a burger but decided to try something new and wow, what a great meal option! It was a mixed green salad  with various additions to the side and not on the salad which was nice. It included a small but delicious portion of grilled flank steak, which was done to medium rare as asked, a portion of both golden and dark purple roasted beets and, to my delight, a small mix of blue veined cheese and walnuts. It went amazingly well with my wheat beer so glad I did not choose the pumpkin porter.So yes, a chain restaurant, but that provides focus on operations, in this case, that enhances rather than making the dining experience overly bland. I don't think I would go out of my way to go here since I've got three Irish pubs in walking distance of my house (Casey Moore's, Robbie Foxes and Rula Bula) but for a place to go before or after a cinematic experience at Harkins, thumbs up to D'Arcy McGee's! :-)
4	good stuff
3	D'Arcy McGee's serves up a mix of various cuisines that can be best summed up as Anglo-Saxon origin.  Ranging from dishes such as Irish boxty, corned beef and cabbage, Scotch eggs, Canadian poutine, and British Yorkshire pudding, portions are hearty and service is cheerful and pleasant.  The food quality itself is just OK, but it's a nice change of pace from your standard wings, pizza, or sandwiches that you find at other bar-type restaurants.
2	Had dinner here one night and I would probably rate it has a 2.5.  They claim to have the best fish and chips in town so my bf ordered them and he was not overly impressed with them at all.  The fish looked like they were drowning in batter and the fries were cold and not very good.  Our server was ok, not overly friendly and not overly rude either.I probably do not have to come back to this place.  If I want a pub feel I will probably head to the George and Dragon, at least there they have blackberry crumble!
4	Their selection isn't great food wise but they have the best shephard's pie I've ever had. Their fish and chips and corned beef with cabbage are also favorites.
2	i had the fish and chips. ($13) I've had better. Batter wasn't light, crispy and flavorful but undercooked and bland. The fish itself was perfectly done and thick but I'm sick of the places that serve fish that looks like it came from the grocer's freezer. Actually, Long John Silvers is better.My wife had the shrimp and linguini which amounted to a big dish of noodles with some shrimp. ($11) Tomato and spinach mentioned in the menu was only one wedge of tomato and 1/4 of an oz. of spinach. More of a garnish really. We asked for more spinach and tomato and after 5 minutes got a cup of it. Waitresses seemed to be gone somewhere and hard to track down even though it was dead. Music was good. Ranging from Irish pub rock to classical rock.Nice decore. Very Irish.
5	Michelle and April are our favorite bartenders in all of Tempe Marketplace! The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. We love going here because the bartenders tend to the patrons in a friendly, outgoing manner. We love Darcy's! Great food, awesome atmosphere, wonderful staff.
2	For a bar that is supposed to be an Irish Pub, this place isn't very Irishy or Pubby (are those words?).The service is average, the drinks are moderately priced. I like the place as a bar but I don't like that their claim to fame is an Irish Pub. You do not get to be an Irish Pub because you carry Guinness or color the bar a dark cherry finish.The food here isn't the best. It's classic bar food but even a step below that in quality. I had the fish and chips (over $10) and have had better at fast food joints.There are plenty of bars in Tempe Marketplace. Give another a try, you'll be happy you did.
1	I went here on  Tuesday evening while I was at Tempe Market Place for dinner. Their prices seemed fairly reasonable and their food sounded interesting. I also figured it might be a good place for a beer.My girlfriend and I waited for about 10 min in front of the greeter's both to be seated. Seeing as no greeter came up, we moved to become more visible to the bartenders and waitresses. As we moved into what was the restaurant, two different bartenders and what looked like the only waitress looked at us, tried to avoid eye contact, and walked away from us at least 5 different times. As we waited for an additional 5-10 min to be noticed and seated, I realized the place was actually really empty; 12 or so people (a few at the bar and two tables being served). At one point I went up to the bar to attract the attention of the bar tender, but as soon as she served the guy next to me she walked to the other end of the bar to serve someone else, ignoring my attempt to communicate with her. We left and went to California Pizza Kitchen instead. I have never seen such a blatant disregard for friendliness or service. I have no idea if any of their food was good because I never got a chance to try it. I suggest you save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.
2	We stopped in this weekend to grab lunch with some friends.  Of course, since my name is "Darcy" it was kind of a fun idea.  The food was ok, I got the mac and cheese skillet which was average at best, and only over $10!  Yikes!  My husband got the fish and chips and said it was alright.  The service was average and food very overpriced.  They need to rethink their menu and pricing quick in order to survive.
2	As far as an Irish pub goes, this pub has a long way to go to get a rating of 5 stars.  The food is below average (except the lamb burger which is only a periodicly available item.   The stew could be from a Dinty Moore can.   I have had some extremely rude waitresses and have not been back for several months.   I love Irish Pubs, but there are many better available in the Tempe area.
2	it was St. Patty's day and the crowd was enormous, at 5pm! luckily, we were seated immediately. given the crowd, i should let it slide, but we made up for the wait to get service. a good 8-9 minutes passed before our server showed up. we weren't expecting fireworks, but i've had guiness before and this by no means would qualify as Guiness beer. it was over the top flat. like drinking flavored water. i struggled to drink it. no bubbles either. it's not the servers fault, but obviously the bartender was overworked, knowing it takes several minutes to correctly pour a guiness. but then, my wife's Bud Light was flat too! yech....but we ordered 2 more and they were a bit better, but not by much. we both ordered the fish n chips. a rather meager portion considering they charged 9 bucks for 1 piece of fish. and i could count the number of chips on the plate on 2 hands. they also failed miserably in the water glass test. alas, it was st. patricks day and everyone seemed to be lively and drunk so we didn't let the sub-par beer, food, or service get us down. but we won't be back.
2	We came to D'Arcy McGee's for St. Patrick's Day and it was pretty busy! We decided to come to Tempe Marketplace for the block party and to see the greatest band ever, Filter, play (JK! Does anyone remember any other song they had besides "Picture"?...Didn't think so ;P). Once we found out we had to pay for it, we decided to come here instead.The bar area was pretty busy and there was a long wait for a table so we decided to stay at the bar. Getting drinks wasn't easy since it was so crowded but we managed. One of the bartenders was really sweet. I was hungry so I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with fries. I originally wanted the fish and chips but they were out (how does that even happen? I thought this was a "pub"?!). The sandwich was okay, nothing to write home about. I thought the bread could have been toasted; definitely tasted like something was missing. Drinks were mainly beer and carbombs the whole night, it being St. Patrick's Day and all. Normally carbombs are in a huge glass of Guiness and you drop a full shot of Jameson with a touch of Bailey's but this came in the smallest cup you could imagine. It was like one of those cups you get on an airplane filled with Guiness and a quarter sized shot of Jameson with the Baileys. WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?! I'm not a fan of carbombs (I'm lame, I know) but that was such a rip-off!The only reason I had a good time was because I was in good company, other than that there really isn't much else to say about D'Arcy McGee's. I don't really get how this place is called a PUB when they are out of fish and chips and serve their IRISH carbombs in airplane drink cups!
2	This was based on my experience last Saturday for St. Patrick's Day. A friend was at another bar in North Scottsdale with live music and a $10 cover, but we opted to head to D'Arcy McGee's as it was closer to home, no cover, and also boasted of live music. Cut to scene.....We expected it to be crowded, as it should be on days like this, but service and quality shouldn't be lacking or otherwise what's the point?Surprisingly the hostess seated us right away, which was a delightful surprise. Flip that around though, that it took our server a good solid 10 min to acknowledge our existence. After apologizing she was friendly and polite and did check on us if we needed anything, but she failed the water glass test.Beers were horribly flat, was something wrong with the tap? Screwing up beer at an Irish bar on St. Patrick's Day is blasphemous. Our fish and chips tasted like they opened up a box of Gordon's and stuck it in the oven, and the few chips on the plate weren't worth the calories.Oh, did I mention there was no music? Our experience didn't make me want to come back on another night.
2	I couldn't agree more with the other reviews about this place being over priced.I came here for the Road Runner Sports Adventure Run After Party.  The 4 of us sat down and wait for a few mins before we had to ask for a server.  A few minutes later the girl came over and greeted us and took our drink order.Shortly after that we ordered and the food came out promptly.  I ordered the chicken sandwich which had about a deli slice of grilled chicken breast on it.  I immediately returned it to the server and asked she take it off my bill.  What a rip off!  After that we had asked if she could take our picutre and she said 'no' not right now.  I understand she was busy, but her delivery of 'no' was awful.  We called a manager over and she made some excuse that they were short staffed, etc etc.  They were nice enought to buy us a round of drinks.  No apology from the server.  It was forgettable and hopefully Road Runner re-thinks where they do their after party next time.  ugh!
3	They have a decent selection of draft beer. I ordered the Sheppard's pie: it had ok flavor, but was nothing impressive. It was mostly ground beef in gravy, with a very small amount of veggies. I got cheese added, and it was very low quality, I ended up scrapping it off. My husband got the chicken pie...also just ok. The puff pastry it came is was really chewy. The waitress was nice and we didn't have to wait long for the check. Overall, the experience was not bad, but its nothing I would go out of my way for...especially for the price.
