4	I grew up on this stuff... and now that I live in New England, Macayo's is one of the first stops I make when returning home to Las Vegas. My family keeps those ridiculous gigantic margarita glasses at my Grandmother's house, just so they can have one more (this could set me off on a tirade about how margaritas, and mexican food in general should be simple and cheap... but if you are reading this in Las Vegas, you already know that). The chimichangas are amazing, the chili rellenos are outstanding... really, I think by now I have had everything on the menu, and I long for it from the other side of the country. Eat in good health, and have a bite for me!
5	I live in California and I can honestly say I practically grew up there.. shit, I've been drinking there since forever.. the margaritas are wonderful! and the food is the best I've had in most places... ( even in mexico...) I wish we had one where i live... i'd be there everyday for happy hour... lol  seriously.
4	Food is very good...and nice environment.  The only negative is its location, next to a always packed 24/7 Walmart.  Anyway, if you want quality and consistent Mexican fare, come here...as you know you'll get a good meal.  Very family friendly.
2	You have got to be kidding me, we ordered our Cinco de mayo lunch from Macayos today and when our unknowing runner today got there to put the order in first of all she asked the girl working the counter how big the burritos are because she is a smaller lady and cant eat that much and the lady working the counter told her that the burritos are very small, just about the size of an enchilada and that she would need 2 of them so she ordered 2 for herself and 2 for one of our other employees and each one ended up costing almost $10 a piece and then I ordered the chicken Nachos which I thought would be priced normal and they where anything but that. I have added a picture of the receipt for the nachos.. You have got to be F-ing kidding me... They Charged $4.99 For the chips and then extra for every additional topping. What the hell is that about. Forget this place, I am sorry if you are a fan but this is plain robbery.
3	My old friends always seemed to love going here. I never went with them though.Finally tried it, it's just typical Mexican to me. The service is always friendly and attentive but LOL@how the waiters are dressed. I feel sorry for them. Also, the decor of the place is really odd. It has a painted sky on the ceiling as if it's trying to mock the Venetian or something. It's a shame I wasn't impressed, it's supposedly a Vegas classic that even my aunt used to eat at back when she first moved here in the 80's, could it be because it has so many locations now?I still would go back just to try that Toasted Cheese Tortilla everyone raves about though.
4	Just ate dinner here. It was pretty good. Chips and Salsa were good with two choices of salsa.I ordered the Enchilada sampler. It was good and was extra, extra cheesy. Which is a huge plus because I love shredded cheese!Service was fast and prompt. They were right there for refills on all of our drinks.Prices were very reasonable.Could not drink due to work. But seems like they have a good drink menu.
4	This is an old family favorite.  If you are an old las vegas then you already know, they were around before most people knew what a taco was in Las Vegas.  Chips and Salsa are my favorite there, and the mini chimichangas.  Not the most authentic flavor, but still great.
4	So we were headed downtown to the Beef Jerky store, and we stopped in at Macayo's for dinner ... is 3:30 pm considered dinner?Mr. Abbott ordered the carnitas plate(it comes with pico, guac and sour cream, rice and beans and tortillas) because apparently it is Macayo's anniversary and they have specials running through the month of August.Happy 50th Maycayo's :)I ordered the Baja Chimichanga which came with rice OR beans I chose rice and the chef gave me both by mistake *BONUS*  I wonder if I could add stars based on that fact :).OH and we ordered a TCT for an appetizer  (toasted cheese tortilla)Let us begin with the chips and salsa ... Warm chips and two sauces  one chunky one smooth. I prefer the smooth, which is good because Mr. Abbott prefers the chunky (I can't even say the word chunky) kidding. We barely ate half the chips and the bus-girl came and had another pile of warm chips. My water with lemon? My glass never made it past a quarter empty . They also brought a little bowl of lemons. *nice*Then the TCT came and it was this amazing flour tortilla with wondefully  melt-y cheese ... so delicious when dipped into the smooth sauce . Then the baja chimi.... A chimichanga with chicken and ranchero sauce on top with a cream cheese-y sour cream sauce) what tasty goodness that was such a big portion that i only ate half and didn't eat any of my rice or BONUS beans.  (Don't worry they made it into a take home package)Mr. Abbott's carnitas were over filling too and apparently quite good because he didn't even try to steal any of mine.Wow three bonuses already I should probably change it to five stars, but I wasn't crazy about our waitress she had the personality of Sean Connery's shoe. Will I be back ... ohhhhh yeah!
3	Pretty good stuff. I'm fairly particular about Mexican food, having been surrounded by the most amazing Tex-Mex for the first twenty years of my life, so I can't say it's anything spectacular.From the vegetarian point of view, it's pretty disappointing. There are a few veggie dishes, but my date wanted a veggie chimichanga, which wasn't available. We ordered the chili con queso, cheese enchilada, spinach enchilada and veggie fajitas.The salsa and con queso were okay, the cheese enchilada was pretty good, but the spinach enchilada was way too rich. I could barely eat one bite! The veggie fajitas were very good, though, and made the experience worthwhile. The rice and refried beans were both on the dry side, which I didn't care for.Still hunting for a great Mexican food place.
5	It's made me happy my whole life.
5	awesome food!!!
2	So I had Macayo's the other day...I ate the carne asada burro....with a CRAPLOAD of jalepenos...well 1st thing they charged me $1 for extra jalepenos....LAME! im eating mexican food, i expect it to be spicy! the burro had cheese sauce like stuff in it (i was not a fan) im from southern california...im used to AMAZING mexican food so maybe im biased...but yea not going back anytime soon. at least the service was friendly....but not too speedy- and it wasnt even lunch rush time!
1	To start off with we came in we were seated promptly, a few moments later our drink orders were taken.  Roughly five minutes later our drinks finally come with some chips and salsa.  I had already started to get a bad feeling about this visit.  The waitress asked my wife to taste her diet pepsi to make sure it was right, however she did not wait around for the answer.  Her diet pepsi was flat.  A few minutes go by and she finally comes to take our order, we place our order and she leaves again.  My drink became empty during the wait and she finally noticed about 10 minutes later.  It took them nearly 25 minutes to get our food to us, of course what would happen?  They brought me the wrong food.  In typical fashion with this type of waitress she fled the scene before I realized that I had the wrong food, I was fuming that it was taking so long, no other place in town has ever been so slow in food delivery for a lunch menu!  It took her 12 minutes from the time she delivered her food to the time she came to ask how everything was.  I was finally able to tell her about our problems.  She offered to correct my meal but I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes so I told her not to worry about it.  She left promptly and about five minutes go by and she apologized for the mixup and asked again if I wanted my corrected order to go this time, again I said no and she started to collect our plates and left, to which I would have imagined she knew we were ready to go, another seven minutes go by before she brings us the check.  All in all it took us roughly an hour from start to finish, definitely not great lunch service.  She said she was going to correct the bill so we didn't have to pay for the wrong stuff, she took $1 off for my meal being wrong, how nice.  When I spoke to the cashier I was able to get the flat soda removed.  I'm a tipper, for excellent service I have tipped up to 50% before, rarely do I tip below 20% for decent service just because I know how hard these people work.  This is the first time in nearly ten years that I did not leave a tip.  We will not be going back to this location.  For lunch hours with not too many patrons you wouldn't imagine it would have sucked this bad.
5	I grew up eating at Macayo's.  Birthdays, holiday's, any big event, my family went here.  They are always laid back and let you do what you want.  If your a loud group(which my family is) they will put you more away from people.  At 22 years old they let me color my picture and then we fold them up into paper planes and toss them around the room!It is great.  Now that I'm old enough to drink, their drinks are amazingly strong!  Gotta lot a little extra Tequila for your Margarita!  Food is always the best and their fresh chips and salsa keep me coming back!  The staff can be a little......slow, but everything else makes up for that.Plus......they are located in the best shopping complex, so I work off all the food I ate by shopping.
5	Ooey gooey, Antonio.Best green, sour cream enchilada and chili rellano I ever had.  The taste was excellent, but it was the textures I really liked.  Tons of stringy cheese, like great pizza; al dente burrito shells, like lasagna; and slightly crisp chilies,  like red onions on a pizza.  Antonio the Mexican sends his best.
3	We have had decent experiences at this particular Macayo's location. This time was not too shabby. We walked in and were being seated before all of our party was through the entrance. Shortly after sitting down, somebody came by to get our drink orders and drop off chips and salsa. Not long after he went to fulfill our drink order, the server stopped by to see if we needed drinks.When it came time to order food, my father in law confused our server by asking if they had chili (he thinks Tex-Mex is served at all Mexican restaurants). She had a confused look and said they had green chiles that could be put on his food.Our wait for food was just long enough for us to finish the first bowl of salsa on our half of the table. The food was good, decent flavor and hot.While conversing over the meal, i had not kept an eye on my drink level. When turning to take a drink, there was a full soda sitting next to my half drank glass. Very nice to not go without beverages due to staff inadequacies. Looking at menus, comparing items, what they include and their prices, frustrates me. Some of the items are identical, with the exception of the sauce, which generates a $2.00 price difference?! This is baffling to me. I understand businesses are around to make money, and we pay to not have to cook and clean in our own homes. There are times, when charges get excessive.The main reason for 3 stars instead of more was the price vs meal size. Granted, I can eat for days and still be hungry, but if I am going to spend over $10.00 a plate, I would at least like to feel like I've eaten $10.00 worth of food. Also, the location just seems... dingy. It was clean inside, well as clean as old carpet and booths can be. The overall feel of this restaurant is bordering on dive-y.Macayo's on Tropicana near Maryland Parkway is well appointed, brighter feeling and more inviting to the diner.
2	I came to this location to eat lunch with my girlfriend 3 days ago. We were both craving some good mexican food and thought we found a good spot. Unfortunately not. DIdn't start off bad, we were seated quickly and brought chips, salsa and drinks. Right after this our server, a lady with a southern accent, came to ask if we were ready.. nope needed a few more minutes. She must have come back only 30 seconds later. Talk about annoying. So we got our order in and started with chicken tortilla soup. It was okay.We got our food in a reasonable amount of time. But then realized we had no silverware, so we stole some off of another table. No big.. My girlfriend ordered 2 enchiladas and was only able to eat 1/4 of one before she started feeling sick and has felt sick since this meal. No appetite, nauseous, stomach pains and more. Which makes us feel it was food poisoning. I ordered a carne asada bowl special. 20 minutes later, two empty glasses and still no check up from our server. We finally decide to just get up and go to the front. The lady at the counter looked puzzled at why we came to pay empty handed and informed her that we hadnt seen our server since we got our food. Needless to say we will NEVER be back & will be sure to warn everyone we know.
1	Since KoMex was closed until 27 Dec for the holidays, my buddy and I went went to Macayo for a real sit-down Mexican restaurant (instead of a fast food Mexican joint).  Big mistake as the kitchen took forever to prepare our food on account of the large group that was in the back room.  The chips & salsa was ok, my taco, tamale, enchilada combo was ok.  Our server Melanie was nice, but I don't plan on going back to Macayo.  I'll wait until KoMex is open again or just opt for a fast food Mexican joint.
4	The TCT is the best! Sometimes we make a meal out of it.
3	We ordered the combo meal, enchilada sampler, and the spinach dip. The spinach dip helped us to eat more chips than we should have. The combo was ordered with a baja chicken enchilada and the shredded beef taco which my wife really liked. I thought the enchilada sampler was a great combination: beef enchilada with green sauce, chicken enchilada with cheese sauce and a cheese enchilada with red sauce. We thought the food was good and the servings were large.
4	RIP Macayo! You shall be missed. Those of you that are fans, you ought to get there before they close their doors in a few weeks:-(So many memories, so many special events were celebrated there. At least the three other locations are remaining open. Not that I care -- the W. Charleston restaurant is very special and sentimental.The Sonoran Beach tacos with the creamy cilantro dressing are out of this world. Pretty good TCTs and salsa as well.
