1	I know this place gets good reviews from some cigar smokers, but this pipe smoker was thoroughly unimpressed with their tiny collection of opened plastic bags filled with dried out tobacco of indeterminate age.  The employees on duty said they knew nothing about pipe smoking and had little idea of what kind of tobacco was even in those big bags. The room in which the tobacco was kept was in total disarray, as if undergoing a major reconstruction. It was a real disappointment.   I hope they've improved things.
4	I am certainly not a smoker. That is not what brought me to this bar. I came to this bar because on Sunday's during football season, this is one of the handful of bars in Vegas that is a Giants bar!! I went during the first game this season and met some nice locals and got to chat about football and other various things, all while eating a most delicious meat and cheese plate that was huge and reasonably priced. What really go me though was that this was the first place anywhere in Vegas that had beer OTHER than Bud, Bud Lite, Miller Lite or Coors Lite--which in my opinion are the four beers of the Apocalypse!! They have bottled selections, many of which are Belgian, my favorite. And its small, cozy and just plain nice.
2	Stopped by the Havana Cigar Co. Last night when a buddy of mine wanted to stop in for a pack of cigarettes. I'm a fairly avid cigar enthusiast and have heard mixed opinions on this location. Upon walking inside I noticed a few patrons smoking their selection and having a conversation.  The humidor was a nice size and fit into the "traditional" cigar shop aura.  The back room was stocked with a full bar, and the sales associate was kind and helpful.  The only thing that struck me as odd was his offering of Cuban cigars.  Unfortunately, due to the embargo, Americans are unable to purchase Cuban cigars so in my brick & mortar experiences a cigar shop selling Cubans is selling fake cubans.  That particularly makes me question the establishment and the people running it.  It's a big cigar shop no no and something that shouldn't happen.
4	Ok, this place brings back so many memories! The east side is my neighborhood. This is adjacent to all the best restaurants in town. You have fireflys, ruths chris, and yolis in the same strip mall. Why not drop in for a cigar, some  fine wine or whiskey, and a cheese plate?I love wine and you can find a lot of good $20 bottles of wine here. They have a cellar packed with varieties of wines. In fact, they have have wine seminars here and fun wine tastings.I used to come here back in 2006, almost everyday. My good friend would come here everyday, order wine and handmade cigars. He would come here to meet other cigar smokers. It was a good place to meet old timers of Vegas.I like old timers, cigar smokers, and wino's. Wow, that doesn't sound very smart! Ha, but what can I say... this is a very cool place to hang out if you want to be around all of the above mentioned ;)
4	Today was our first time hanging out at Havana. We went here on a Wed. afternoon around 4pm. Ambiance - 3 - it was in the afternoon, maybe it's different at night. Service - 3 - super nice waitress but I felt rushed at times. Cigars - 5 - Great selection - The Montechristo White was worth the $22. The humidor was well kept. Value - 4    The prices for the cigars and wine are pretty adequate. Also, they have a band playing every T - Sat nights. The waitress also mentioned that they should have a full bar in a couple of weeks. Overall, if you like cigars and you want a place to chill. This is a good place to just hang out and relax.
4	I LOVE to end an evening at this cozy little lounge near my house ... Smoke a little smoke, enjoy some spirits, and listen to some live tunes. Last weekend, we really enjoyed Eric and Paul's music while we sipped our drinks. They are a very talented pair and we look forward to hearing them again. Very nice bartender, too!FYI, they will begin remodeling this location very soon, making it bigger and better and even more awesomer!  YAY!  AND ... Once the remodel is completed, they will have a FULL bar (not just wine and beer).  DOUBLE YAY!Check this spot out if you enjoy live music in an intimate setting, and some quality cigars to boot!
5	Awesome place, very helpful and pleasure to deal with.
5	John, John, and John...Wow what a stellar combination of knowledge in cigars wines and mixology. Great guys to hang out with. Very personable, excellent non aggressive suggestive selling techniques and in this economy where no one wants to be pushed these guys got the right mix.Great job on the hospitality guys!Michael H Kaleikini B.A., ABETA'Ask the Expert' writer for Entrepreneur.comBusiness Development Consultantwww.liveoffice24.com
5	Nice, cool place to hangout.  Owner is cool and she has nice selection of wines to choose from.Cigars are awesome, a great selection to choose from including Padron, Fuente, Opus X to name just a few and customs that are hand rolled in house by 2 different rollers.  Wine selection was kind of neat, we bought a bottle there of a Brunello that was pretty affordable. Even ran into Mr. Boyd of Boyd Gaming there (seems he is a regular).Lets put it this way, if this was a shop in Hawaii, it would no doubt be the best by far with a lounge, walk-in humidor, rollers, wine cellar and bar with live music and food.  I could live there!
4	Stopped into this place to grab a stick before going across the street for a dinner presentation. Nice walk-in humidor, friendly owner who offered help while I was in the humidor. Prices are moderate (I've seen better and worse). Odd that the only CAOs they had were the flavored ones, considering that it is a very popular brand. Left with a Padron 2000 maduro at a decent price. I plan to return and check this place out further when I have time to stay.
5	Great service!  Great selection!  Very relaxing environment!
5	One of my FAVORITE places to visit in Las Vegas!  Get away from the Strip for awhile and go and enjoy some cigars, wine, cheese, good entertainment, friendly bartenders and staff!  Never a dull moment here!They have a full bar now so not only can you enjoy a great glass of wine along with your cigar, but now your favorite cocktail as well!  They usually have some type of entertainment going on, but it is a small venue so it's nothing too fancy.  Usually just singing or karaoke.  They do have events once in awhile as well.  Sign up on their mailing list to have events sent to you via email.  Some are RSVP only.I always have a GREAT time here and recommend this place all the time to my family and friends when they are visiting Vegas!
5	This was a wonderful place with great bartenders and live music. We will be coming back for sure.
5	Wonderful place. Relaxing atmosphere and great service. Their cigar recommendations were right on target.
4	Great atmosphere with wonderful live jazz music.  It was deliciously fun that the live jazz band had a singer that sang all Frank's top hits.  They do have a wine cellar that you can purchase wine from and the corkage fee is $10 if it's under $40.
5	My husband and I always come here after a nice meal to kick back. Bartenders are friendly and their live music is always nice. I enjoy the small bottle of champagne for $11 and my husband has a liqueur with a nice cigar. They have a good selection of cigars in a humidity controlled  room. Very friendly and cozy place to mellow out.
5	Great place! Bomb cigars and great bartender!! Brian is the shiznit! Does great Bill Cosby impressions! Gotta come in.
5	Found the Havana Cigar Company (HCC) after having dinner at a restaurant (FireFly) in the same shopping center. The HCC has a very modest, almost unnoticeable.Inside, the front of the HCC features the sales area and walk-in humidor (I'd guess it is approximately 200 square feet). My girlfriend and I were promptly greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable sales woman. Walking us into the humidor, she helped us to navigate through the large selection of cigars. After purchasing my cigar, the sales woman asked if we knew about the Happy Hour going on at the bar in the back of the HCC. She walked us to the bar area and sat offered us seats.We were there on a Sunday night. In addition to us, there were 3 other patrons and 1 bartender (Blair). We were again promptly greeted and offered drinks. We both enjoyed Belvedere martinis. I think they were $6 each (not including tax and gratuity). The pours were very generous. Blair, the bartender, was professional, efficient, and very friendly.Unfortunately, I cannot remember the name of the sales woman, but she and Blair made our visit both enjoyable and memorable. I would recommend the HCC as a great "off-the-Strip" bar for a couple, or group looking for a slower-paced, more intimate Las Vegas experience. I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit!
5	We stumbled on this slice of heaven in a strip mall after eating at Firefly restaurant. I have to admit I like a cigar every once in awhile but don't know jack about them. Here they not only hooked me up with a nice cigar, but also cut it for me, lit it up, and then set me up with a nice glass of whiskey during their half price happy hour. All in a very pleasant atmosphere.  I might add that the service here was par excellence as well as friendly and thats what puts it up to five stars.
4	Great find off of the Las Vegas strip!!  We got there late on Saturday night of Memorial weekend.  The place was a ghost town and the bf and I were the only ones in there outside of the bartender, cashier & one-man band.  Despite them closing up early, the musician decided to stick around for another 15 minutes to serenade us.  The selection of cigars was great and we each tried some of their milder selections.  The drinks at the bar were fabulous and the bartender was great company.  We never felt rushed or like they were trying to put us out.Everyone here was extremely friendly, accommodating and hospitable.  I will definitely head back over there when I am in LV again!
5	This place us a total gem! We came here with a group of guys and were looking for a good place to go smoke some cigars. This is awesome! Great selection, great drinks, great service, wonderful bartender, and live music. Get over here!
4	This place was great.  The bar is a little hidden gem behind the cigar shop.  The singer made our night.
5	My husband and I came here on our Vegas getaway back in October.  We had just finished eating at firefly and noticed the hookah bar sign and thought it would be a fun to try it out.  My husband and I are not smokers at all so the employees there were very helpful with our little hookah adventure educating us when we had no idea how it worked!
5	Love this place, Mike always makes us feel welcome and while the bar is a little hidden in the back they did an amazing job on this place, It is the only place I would take visiting family or guests to enjoy some good wine and get my smoke on...
4	4 1/2 stars. I was introduced to Havana cigar years ago by a client of mine and have visited this establishment on many occasions.Havana Cigar is located in a strip center where parking can be a challenge during peak hours. The selection of cigars is large & diverse and they serve alcohol at the rear bar which is a real plus. The business is family owned and operated and they are great people to deal with.I remember closing a large business deal in town and Havana Cigar Co was the perfect spot to celebrate. We enjoyed cigars that weren't in the walk in humidor but a private selection which was worth every extra dollar.Come in if your in need few cigars, want to kill some time or enjoy happy hour. You won't regret it.
5	What a great place!  A good selection of sticks in a nice humidor and a pipe tobacco humidor as well.  Comfy lounge chairs, a great ventilation system, drinks, tvs and a bar in back with live music makes for a great time!!!
3	Great service by an attentive staff. Selection seemed a bit thin since last time I was here although a great alternative to the high priced casino options.
4	Good selections of smokes. I love that they have a bar.. Very nice for adding to my vices! Only bad thing.. lack of good furniture. Wood chairs are not very comfortable. Price seems decent and overall a winner!I will be back.. maybe even tonight...
1	The last time I was here, the bartender has never seen a NY driver license before, which I have. Also, the guy didnt know how to use the internet to even look it up online what a NY license might look like. Piss poor service on their part and I will continue to tell people not to go to this place.
5	This is a great little hidden gem tucked away in the Fire Fly strip mall across from the corporate center on Paradise, great wine, (I'm sure great cigars... I wouldn't know I don't smoke them but everyone else seems to like them :-), excellent people and service!!! Locals and tourists check it out!!!
