3	So Ive been on a low carb "lifestyle" as of the first of the year so options aren't all that plentiful when visiting my friends out in the 'burbs. Fortunately the wings at BWW are fried and not breaded. So for about 3 carbs for every six (less the sauce) you can have a pretty good and satisfying meal. The garlic parmesan (2 carbs per oz of sauce) wings are pretty good with a side of ranch and some celery, perfect! The service was really friendly but for a bar type place the dining room was packed with kids. Not that I cant stand kids just that with all the beer served it just doesn't seem like a family kind of place, talk about a bad example. Do you really want your kids hanging out in a bar?Im just glad that there are more low carb options out this way.. though leave the kids at home or take them to Olive Garden!
4	Love it.My partner and I are HUGE on hot wings and we tend to be particular to the fried wings without the extra breading that aren't drowning in sauce.So this place is PERFECT.We have tried five kinds of their 14 sauces.I liked every single one of them.  They are well cooked, not too much sauce and good chunks of meat.I loved the Medium, Honey BBQ, Caribbean Jerk, and Mango Habanero.  I can take some heat, but that Mango Habanero was KILLER. But it was SO GOOD. I really really really wanted to give this place five stars, but I could not.  There are way too many kids and they should NOT be allowed in the bar area.  I just moved to Surprise and the parenting (and driving) that I have seen in this city is atrocious with their disrespectful children who scream and run around all the tables bumping things and knocking things over. (and this is not just this place, but others too)  Sadly, Buffalo Wild Wings suffers on my rating because they don't minimize their patron's inability to keep control of their children in a public place.But other than that, it's absolutely awesome.
2	Food is typical of bar environment- fried wings and burgers. Not bad. Really like the mango habanero wings.My two star poor rating stems from being refused entry at the door b/c a game was starting in 1/2 hour and my family (myself, husband and two small kids) were there only for dinner- not the game. They told us we'd have to pay an entry fee to get in for the game...it was 6:30 pm...we just wanted dinner and not to pay an entry fee to a place where we were spending money on food anyway!
2	I really hate this place. As much as I enjoy wings and think that they have a good selection of sauces, the service is always such a turn off at this location. Every time we are there, regardless if they are busy, we get the slowest service ever. Drinks go unfilled, mistakes are made with the orders, and you start to feel forgotten in general. It really should not take an hour and a half to eat at a place that 99% of their menu is fried and served in paper boats. Not to mention the fact that they charge for ranch dressing ($.40). Last time a mistake was made in our order it almost turned into an argument with the waitress who eventually pulled the manager over. We asked for boneless and got bone in- it should of been a simple fix not a confrontation. My husband continues to want to go back so I guess I will continue to begrudgingly go back.
2	Wednesday, 50 cent wing night. Walked in about 9:45, so host. So we cruised over to the bar area. about 3 watress walked by us without saying anything. No "hello"s or "have a seat" or "we'll be with you shortly". Nothing! I felt awekward... Didn't want to just sit somewhere any get ignored (referrence: thread about couple getting arrested)After wondering around, we ended up at the bar. Took few minutes for bartender to come over too. So by the time he came and took our order, it was happy hour! Yay for slow service!!!  Anyways... beer selection was awesome. Drink deals were not. I thought Happy hour means cheap beer? I guess not here. If there were, they didn't tell us.I know it's a wing store and we should get wing. But nothing on their menu sounds good other than wings. Why do you even have other food items? Wings it is... So my friend didn't know how big the wings were, it was more like a drum stick, he ordered a dozen. 2 of 6 flavors. They were pretty good. The evening went pretty well, just like any other sports bar, but way too bright inside. Bright light + drinking = headache. So almost closing time, a guy next to us offered to buy us drinks. Not just a drink, but Irish car bomb. OMG worst hangover ever. I had to leave my car there and call a cab. When a patron says "no, I don't need more drink" the good bartender shouldn't serve more drink. Even though obnoxious guy offer to buy them. Let's think safety before upselling. Wings were good, but I won't go back.
5	I steadily get good service at Buffalo Wild Wings, and I am the type to complain on yelp about bad service.  My partner and I go almost weekly... we are THAT addicted to their wings and the atmosphere.It has this great sports bar feel without the cheesy "greasy-beer-drinking-obnoxious man" feel. (I know... confusing... but that's the ONLY way I can think of how to describe it)We tend to go during the week and Arturo is usually our server.  He ALWAYS remembers what we want, what kind of beer we have... and has the beers on order before he even comes to the table. (yes, we don't change it up much)  He can usually guess what wings we want... and every now and then we change something just to keep him on his toes. :-)If you like wings... this is a great place.  If you want fast food, do not go here.They do get busy, especially during football, so be patient.  The servers are apologetic when they know they have taken a lot of time, but they do try their best to get to you quickly.  If you pay attention, you know when a server is just slacking off, and these guys aren't slacking off... trust me... I have watched.If you want good atmosphere, good wings, good beer and nice servers and managers, come here.
3	Standard BW3 fare, great TVs and massive wall of projector screens with HD projectors (this place is newer than most other BW3 locations) but we found out that all drink specials cease to exist during game time. ARE YOU KIDDING? Hello? management? What kind of jerk says to them self "oh, people want to come here to see the game so let's make sure all of our prices on food and drinks are as high as they can be"? I think customers should be rewarded for their patronage, and there should always be drink specials during sporting events to keep people happy. It's friggin retail 101.
3	Went here for an "employee meeting" today and was pleasantly surprised. The host and waitress were really nice, and we had some good service. Ended up ordering a Bleu & Black burger and it was good - fries were okay, a little soggy from the huge ass pickle with all its pickle juice but I didn't mind all too much... probably because I was so hungry. I won't go out of my way to come back to BW3, but I also wouldn't object either. So this place gets an okay from me. If anything, I can always update my review!
3	It pains me to not give this a higher rating. Back in the Midwest, I used to go to BDubs almost every day after work to meet up with friends. It was the place to be. However, after about a dozen visits to the Surprise location, I just can't get excited about going back (although my wife goes for Happy Hour regularly).I will say their wings are the best, no matter which location you visit. The service can poor at this location and that's really what is keeping me from giving a higher rating. The bar area is a bit crowded and seems to overwhelm the staff at times. Be sure to give each of the wing sauces a try. They're all great.
2	Dunno what it is about the food here The mango-habanero sauce was quite tasty and featuring heat with depth and not just searing heat... until after a few bites. I felt like my entire face was on fire! But that's not the problem - I dont know what they put in there but the wings will bloat you out, big time! I talked to a few people who all agreed they loosened belt buckles and farted the whole way home. So yeah, don't bring dates here! Also... they were showing the fight last night for a $5 cover charge. Our group was in the restaurant three hours before the event, yet our server felt it was necessary to inform us that if we were still in there past the time the fight started, we would be charged cover. Hold on a second: people who were in the establishment to order FOOD ... BEFORE the event starts?? No, bitch. No.
3	Pretty good restaurant. Very consistent with the other Buffalo Wild Wings locations.
3	This location is never busy when I am here, yet it is always extremely loud.... which is cool, I totally expect it because it is a sports bar. It still confuses me how the eight people in there can make it sound like a mob of 100 people. I will say, though, that I much prefer the location in Avondale. I feel like the servers here aren't as friendly because they are bored out of their minds and that all they want to do is leave. The food is consistent with the other locations I have been too, which is a good thing. I really love the chocolate fudge cake (I may have mentioned that in my review about the other location). It is so good. How can you not love chocolate cake frosted with chocolate and then topped off with chocolate chips? Yummy. Overall, I will continue to go to this location, but I still prefer the Avondale location.
4	I love this place!The staff, in particular the bartenders are awesome! My husband & I go fairly regularly but even if we haven't been in a while they still remember what beer we drink when we sit at the bar. They always suggest different menu items for us to try and their suggestions are always right on. The food is always great. Of course I will always think Hooters wings are the best but Buffalo's wings are a close second. I enjoy their huge variety of sauces too. The atmosphere is great, especially if you are into sports. I love going during football season and watching a game while drinking an ice cold Blue Moon. The place itself is clean and kept up. The restooms are always kept up.
3	Daughter been wanting to take me here since we have moved in the area. fiinally had a chance last night. I love my wings. So I ordered their honey bbq wings with fries. First! We were seated inside, had to request to be moved outside in the patio. Way to loud, we couldn't even talk to each other. Second! We were outside and it was like recess at the local elementary school. They were all over the place running and bumping into each other. While there parents were inside drinking. Third! Their food was alright, Wings were very tasty but not heated, Fries were like they were the leftovers. Yes I would like to come back and try it again, I'll give everything a second chance. But this place needs a lot of improvements.
3	VERY LOUD!! Don't come here for a first date, or with a bunch of friends, if you're a chatty group. It's damn near impossible to hear each other, let alone the waitresses. Food is good--expensive, but yummy. The wings are on a scale of "hotness", but as a lightweight in the spicy department, I found their hot wings were mild. Expect to pay around .45 cents for extra ranch, which comes in a tiny container.
1	Went for the Machida - Jones fight on 12/10. The line-up card was awesome. If the service was as good as the fight card, we would have dropped a 20 on her. Unfortunately it was not. She came out of the gate like a Thoroughbred, and finished like a Donkey. Our server came to the table a total 4 times without asking us if we needed anything. (We shared a table with a couple of others due to the crowding of the place.) If ever there was an opportunity to make money for a server, this is one of those nights. However, water glasses remained empty, even though our server was at the table 4 times to the tune that I needed to ask a different server for more water. I was prepared to drink several beers during the fight, but due to the hassle decided that drinking beer at home would be easier. The toughest part was watching this server stand at the hostess stand and bullshit with her co-workers during the majority of our time there. Her lack of attention had nothing to do with the place being packed, and working her ass off. She had decided that it was more important to bullshit with her co-workers. As the fight was winding down, my gf and I were sitting at the table talking, and I noticed our server staring at us. AWKWARD. I almost wanted to tell her to go away, but instead, removed the tip that I felt almost obligated to leave. And shortly after, we left. Let's talk about the check.... $32 for 2 beers, and 24 boneless wings. Yeah. Sticker shock. Shitty service, and overpriced food.I don't stiff servers often, if ever before... But tonight, I did. I admit it. Call me a douche. I've just made the decision that I refuse to put up with shitty service from people who feel entitled to make money for no effort. If we're talking about entitlement,  I am now entitled to tip a shitty server nothing if I deem it appropriate. What a horrendous dining and service experience.
4	This place closed last week and cannot find out why. anyone know?? seemed like they were always doing well...UPDATE: The owner was not paying his royalties for the 5 stores he had and they shut him down. I understand they will reopen but under BWW ownership...
5	We love this place!  We go do the trivia, the food is great and the staff is always friendly!  Highly recommend!!
4	Anyone know why they shut down?  I'm totally bummed!
4	We loved this place! I sure hope the guy was right who said they will re-open under new management.
5	Best wings ever! Love how they treat customers. Always great service expecially from the bartender. Never keeps us waiting and always on top of things. Waitresses are amazing and go out of their way just to put on the game you wanna see. Def highly recommend and if you go on the discounted wing days shoot your really getting a good deal!
4	What a shame! It was a great place to hang out :(
4	Food was average but Johnny the bartender worked hard to plz me Half price appetizers was nice b4 7 too. Loud crowd 4 game. Was fun.. place now closed!
4	My family and I visiting Phoenix went there for dinner on July 14th after the Diamondbacks game. As the place had just opened, it was swamped and there was quite a long wait. However, I think it was worth the 30 minute wait. For appies, we  tried the buffalo chips (okay, but not as crispy as advertised), and onion rings (outstanding). The beer selection was excellent and the kids enjoyed the non-alcoholic drinks too. Most everyone had the wings and we all enjoyed those. Basic buffalo was excellent and so were the lemon pepper wings. One person in our group had the boneless wings and said they were very good. Popcorn chicken was great too. Service was very attentive but you could tell it was a new restaurant. We were a party of nine and one order was completely missed but after it was brought they offered to take it off the bill. Of course the room itself with all the screens and sports events going on was awesome, although my youngest daughter faced a wall that was featuring UFC fighting which upset her so we had to move her. So be aware if going with younger children. All in all, it was a good experience.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! was so excited for the re opening went in for the first time tonight wow waited forever and food came out cold and my husband had a hair in his burger!! From what i saw lots of complaints and lots free food given won't go back!!!
1	Food was good so I gave one star for that; we had the queso dip, wings, chicken tenders, and my kiddo had the mac and cheese with fruit. BW's always has yummy food, it's pretty standard. However, you can tell this location just opened and they have A LOT of kinks to work out. The staff is rude (specifically the hosts and bussers) slow, awkward, and at times incompetent. It was a very frustrating experience from the moment we walked in the door for not only my husband and I but for my toddler as well! In my younger days I worked in all kinds of restaurants for many years and I don't recall ever having so many mistakes occur in the short time it takes a customer to complete their meal. I feel bad for these people, the management has their work cut out for them. We won't be back at this location for a long time unless it's for take out.
1	So I typically check into a place, and maybe leave a quick tip.  My experience tonight has inspired me to FINALLY write a review.  This is not a good thing.  For me to take the time to write a full review takes some serious impression upon me from the restaurant.  In this case, the impression was so piss poor I couldn't help but come home and sit down directly to cyber-lambast our evening's activity.  This Buffalo Wild Wings has been closed for over a year, and I honestly think they should either A) hire a competent staff with a great manager or B) close their doors again because they clearly have no idea what they are doing as a team.  To begin, we are a party of 6, well 5 1/2 since the baby doesn't count as fully human yet.  We were told that a booth that seats 6 would open up momentarily and would we mind a brief wait.  No sweat.  I like sitting on my husband's lap, but NOT at dinner in a restaurant.  After sitting for a few we were told to follow the host.  He sat us down at a small booth that literally squished me up against my husband and the baby's car seat.  When I questioned "Is this the booth for 6?  It's awfully small." The host said, "No this seats 4, but you could wait if you want for the large booth."  I thought we had made that choice already, but I suppose ignoring your customer's preference is ok. The host said he could bring a car seat sling since we were squashed.  Having 3 older hungry children I acquiesced to his offer.Our server appeared promptly, and she was very upbeat.  OK, things were getting better.  She took our drink orders and gave individualized attention to the children which was great.  My husband ordered a beer, we all ordered sodas.  She returned with the sodas and said the beer was on the way.  She took our appetizer order and the meal order.  She asked if we would like the appetizer before the entree and we said yes. The beer still hadn't arrived.  When she checked in a few mins later the beer STILL hadn't found it's way to the table.  She personally grabbed it from the bar.  As my husband took the first sip he noted that the beer was skunked.  (bad flavor, sat out and got warm and then was re-chilled).  he mentioned this to the server and she stated "Oh yea we have some issues with beer at the bar getting bad.  Happens a lot."  Really????So at this point the entrees come to the table.  Where is the appetizer??  No one knows.  Also the carrot/celery order magically changed into 4 orders of celery.  The server says she will check with the kitchen about the status of the appetizer and grab some carrots as well.  We just started eating our food because we were hungry.Now the food was good.  I can't complain about the wings at all.  The kids liked their kids meals.  The portions were good.  This was the ONLY saving grace of the evening.The server comes back with carrots and says the appetizer is coming.  We keep eating and notice there are no extra napkins.  With chicken wings you sorta need napkins...wings are messy.  We are messy. Our fingers and faces are messy.  It's hard to feed a squirmy 9 month old and try not to get the hot sauces on our fingers mixed with the not hot food she's eating.  The appetizer still is MIA.At this point all the kids are done eating.  I am full.  I am requesting a box.  My husband is done eating.  He asks for a non-skunked beer.  The beer comes and the appetizer is STILL not there.  The server says "Do you want the kitchen to just box up the appetizer?"  The nice lady I am says outloud "Yea I guess so."  The furious b***h inside me says silently "You can tell the kitchen to shove the appetizer up their A$$"  So we get an appetizer in a box well after the entree to go home with.  We ordered a sampler platter (onion rings, mozzarella sticks, nachos, and some wings) none of which is too tasty after getting cold and spending a night in a fridge.  We pay our full bill...not even a sorry was offered.  I honestly didn't even feel like paying the $12 for the platter but I was just too disappointed to say anything.  We rarely go out to eat since we are a large family.  Spending $100 for dinner just isn't always in our budget.  I didn't want to mar the evening for the kids by complaining.  They thought everything was terrific, so I let them maintain that belief.  When I got home I opened the sampler platter just to see what was in there....the three sauces were in the box with no lids and the sauces had managed to spill on everything and mix together.  I now have a bunch of snacks swimming in a melange of ranch, cheese sauce, and marinara....not my idea of a flavor explosion.  We don't eat out often, and it's experiences like these that keep me from wanting to go dine out.  I know it's a chain and not Chez Robertfancypants, but I expect my appetizers at the table before the meal and most certainly not in a box after the meal has been eaten.  Sorry Wild Wings.....we gave you a shot, but I don't think I want to drop $100 again.  Ever.
2	Yikes!!!  What a disaster!  My family was in search of a simple Saturday night dinner and were not looking to leave our home city of Surprise.  The last B.W.W. was a flop and didn't last long, but thought maybe this time around would be different.  Nope.  This place in a nutshell is over priced per frozen food served by a sloppy, fake, incompetent waitstaff.  A small order of boneless wings go for about $10.  As soon as we were seated a guy came to our table proclaiming we looking like we didn't knew what we wanted, and if we wanted to follow him to try their sauces and rubs.  No thank you.  He then asked us to fill out our contact info in order to be entered in to win free wings for a year.  No thank you.  After that, another guy came to our table asking if we wanted to try some chicken artichoke sample.  No thank you.  All this before we even looked past page 1 of the menu!  I could go on about the four various staff members who came to our table asking if we ordered various dishes, or the lady who brought our food to the table who just pointed at the plate (I assume she couldn't speak English), but you get the point.  The food was ok, but the staff can't get out of their own way.  When told, "Please come see us again soon, my response was like the rest during that visit.  No thank you!
1	Absolutely horrible...been there 3 times since its been reopened thinking it will be better which I would like nice it's closer than going to the one on McDowell.  First trip the waitress was clueless I got my food before I got my beer she thought she brought our appetizer which she didn't and I had ask her for ranch 5x's I was done with my wings by the time I got it. I chalked it up to inexperience.   Second trip was a little better went there on a Thursday night went to the bar area the waitress was busy but was on the ball. The wings were cold and  the sauce was poorly covered over the wings and he beer was flat. Ok I thought just a bad night.  The 3rd and final time was for my birthday 5 of us went there at 730 and the girl said 20-30 I'm cool with that I'm in no hurry. So along comes 820 and I ask how much longer would it be (I like BWW but not wait an hour for). She was rude about having a big group 5 people large group?  So I go to use the restroom and the dinning area is completely empty and when I come back a group of 6 that came 20 min after us was seated before us. We got seated at 830 waitress was cool but the wings were again cold and not what I'm used to at typical BWW. Ill travel the extra 15 min to McDowell to get my wings. Save your money and go somewhere else this place isn't worth it.
1	WORST SERVICE I have ever experienced!!!!! After a hour and a half wait from the un organized teenage staff "I watched so many people seated that arrived after us I began to think did they forget us" and they did. After seated, we finally ordered. the order came out. Hot wings with no ranch, no celery sticks, no carrots, and no fries. looked around, waited, waited some more. no one around for ten minutes. Wings got cold. finally a waiter came and I reminder her most of my order didn't come out. They weren't bringing it out, they completely forgot!!! waited another 5 minutes "which felt like a eternity sitting looking at our food getting cold" Who eats wings with no ranch and no celery/carrots etc? I clearly ordered all of this to bye the way all of it, no mistake about it! By then I lost my appetite. Waited another 5 minutes, finally received the rest of my order. They took 7 dollars of my bill, I wasted a friday night eating cold food. not worth the 7 dollars they took off the bill. I felt like I didnt even get to enjoy the night out after a long hard work week. I went home and made myself some warm food. This place is highly un staffed, un orginized and just horrible!!!!!!
4	Another place I had to try for lunch. No wait time was seated immediately. Waitress was definitely on top of things. It was a bit dark in there we read the menu by the light of the 52 big screen tv's they had. Or was it 54? Well anyway besides that my lunch was good. We started off with fried pickles. I have never had them before so we decided to get them my good friend Angela has had them before not from here but somewhere else and she makes them herself.  So it was time for me to try...I get it they could have been better but the breading was like a cornmeal coating I expected a batter dipped pickle. The dip was disgusting. An orange like concoction of wing sauce and mayo um yuck. Those were sent back. I ordered a honey bbq chicken salad for lunch and I must say that was pretty tasty. They did not drench the chicken in honey bbq. I was pleased with the size. I got full so I was happy. Angela ordered a buffalo chicken wrap I  it looked good too. Wraps come with a side of chips and salsa. Chips are good I like they are light thin and crispy. I would have eaten some of it but I hate to pig out someone else's lunch. Good thing I didn't cause I left full. Ok now yes I would come back again. Oh Monday's are double punch Monday's too. They give you a card and when those get punch full you will get 5 dollars off next meal. That's not bad because they do have specials.
3	Today we stopped in Buffalo Wild Wings for lunch. We were immediately sat, by a very friendly's server, someone greeted us immediately and took our drink order.  Our server was very schooled on your menu and made suggestions. One thing though that we did not like is during our 40 minute lunch we were interrupted at least 10 times by different personnel at the restaurant asking us how things were going this in our mind this overcompensation.Shared an order of chicken wings, and we were only brought two little paper containers, we had to ask for more.  I think it would be nice if they had paper plates are some kind of a plate for their bones and such, if  they want to share other things on the plate like fries or Appetizers.
1	After just 2 visits, I'm done with this location! To- go meals were sloppy and wait time was much longer then what I was quoted. Both times felt like I was being an inconvenience going there. This place is just not well put back together.
5	I'm shocked at all these bad reviews, because we went the night of the Mayweather-Canelo fight and the food was good, the service was superior and they even had a Pick 'Em contest for the fight which I won first place of a $25 gift card!  (Secretly I gloated over picking who would win and when over all the men there.)  They called me like 3 days after the fight to tell me, so I guess they went thru all the sheets people turned in and then called.  It was a legitimate win anyway cause I know my boxing.Regardless, we had a waiter named Andy who looked like he had 4 tables assigned to him, and boy! did we have great service from him!  Left him a good tip for great service.  He was SO on the ball with everything we needed.By the way, they did pass out some samples of a stuffed mushroom for everyone, too.We ordered beers, of course, some queso and chips which was ok, and then some really good wings, and we are big wing people at my house so we kinda know our wings.  BWW had some good ones.This place is clean and cute, and the crowd was pretty decent too.  You never know how rough the crowd can be with boxing, but this was a nice looking decent crowd from the area alround here.  No problems at all, no fights, no scary people--just a nice, clean, decent crowd of family-type men and woman.We've gone to see another PPV fight at BWW in Tempe which is an older looking building but nice, also.  Maybe they have gotten the place more together since August, 2013, after these previous bad reviews, but I can honestly say we had fantastic service the night of the fight.  Boxing crowds can be rowdy, and they had the event so totally organized--even telling everyone at the door that they might have to sit strangers at your table if they got really crowded.  I have no idea how many others had a stranger at their table, but we had one guy put at our table to sit with us due to lack of seating and he was a peach of a guy.  We didn't care anyway cause we were there for the fight mainly and told them so.I wouldn't hesitate to go back to the BWW again for the next event.  Baseball is coming up, so I plan to use my $25 gift card at one of those PPV games. This is a really clean, nice place so I really hope they have straightened out any kinks they had before...but it looks like they have to me if you go by the PPV event I attended.  We're going back for sure, cause it was a really enjoyable evening.Update:  Again went there for the Pacquiao vs. Rios fight, and the service again was excellent.  A little bit slow getting things out of the kitchen but tolerable.  I can say that the wings--which I hate ordering anywhere cause half the time they aren't crispy and half-done--were cooked to perfection.  Even the person with me who graduated from the best culinary school in Chicago commented on how good they were.  I just don't get all the complaints during the week.  I wish the management would look into this before this place sinks, cause on fight nights the service is really super good.
1	My family and I frequented this same location of BWW prior to the shut down... When this new location opened, I was REALLY looking forward to going. We waiting a few months to let them work out any bugs, as most 'NEW' business have regardless of franchise or not. My husband and I decided to finally come in mid week for lunch to check it out, and get a feel of the new place.   I LOVED how much more open it felt, and as we walked in we still had that great "hello" and "welcome" that we were accustomed to. We decided to sit at the bar and we chose a booth right in the middle of the bar, being very visual. The waitress came over and asked if we had be there before, to which we stated "not since it reopened". She asked to start us with a drink. We both go two tall Bud lights. She also at the same time asked if we wanted to order any food, we said we needed a few more mins and we would be ready! So off she went! SO FAR SO GOOD, I was impressed!!  After about 5 min a runner brought over our beer, just sat it down and ran, I tried to ge her attention to get our waitress as we were now ready to order lunch.... fast forward 45 min later and MULTIPLE  attempts to get ANYONE to help.. We have been out of drinks (empty glasses at edge of table STACKED! FOR DRAMA) AND NOTHING!!! Bar only had three table full and two people at the actual bar so there was NO REASON we should not have had help! My husband and I actually walked to the front to the hostess and asked for our bill... we should have just walked out!!We actually were ignorant to try this location again a week ago! SAME EXACT THING HAPPENED!! Except we didn't have to get up and ask for our waitress.. we caught someone flying by and they got our waitress. When the waitress came back over 45 min after we got there, she said are you ready to order? I was being nice and said "I was hungry, now I just want the check because I'm not feeling wings anymore" To which the waitress said to me 'RUDE, BE THAT WAY!!!!!"  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!  You couldn't give away your food and beer for me to put up with that environment!!!!!!! You need to get a new GM!! There is no one driving the staff to have some sense of urgency AT ALL!!!
4	Food was good expect i think they gave my bf the same thing as me even tho he didnt order that but we didnt say anythingWaitress was nice and helpfulIt was fun. Love the tvs, the trivia, the crowd and i think was so good (get the buffalo chicken wrap)Ill be back very soon:-)
1	They should have stayed closed. Food was not very good, portion sizes were very small and it was overpriced. Plus, our waiter stunk. Literally, the man needed a shower so badly, I held my breath whenever he came to the table. We won't go back.
3	One thing that is good is also that they host your the ufc fights, the food is ok, the service is ok.
4	Hi my name is Roxy and I am a hot wing addict. I get it, I am a petite, blonde haired female. Typically that and hot wings don't go together. My mother would disown me if she knew that her only daughter ate with her hands, goes through more napkins and ranch dressing than any female ever should and joined what is supposed to be a boys only club. But don't fret mother, I still can't drink a beer, all hope isn't lost!So being the wing addict that I am, I have searched high and low for wings - and I frankly really hate to admit this, but Buffalo Wild Wings has some legit good chicken wings.... besides they have more flavors than a Baskin Robbins.Besides, they have every game on known to man and a huge selection of beer (which is ahem every mans dream), the place is super kid friendly and they have great cocktails to drown away any pain and torture your wife, girlfriend, secret girlfriend, want her to be your girlfriend is enduring by being forced to watch professional sports.But for me... Really it's simple - I come for the wings!
2	Get It Together!!! I've been here about five times and never get good service and the place smells bad (like dirty mop water). Our last meal (for four) was only about $8 because the manager had to take a bunch of stuff off because it was all served cold. I only go back because I really love some of the BWW sauces. I am bummed THIS is the B'dubs that is near my house. Corporate needs to fix this place. NOW! Please.
2	So, as a rule - my family LOVES B-dubs.  But this is definitely the worst we've been to...  we went on a Saturday so we expected it to be busy, but it was mid-afternoon so we weren't expecting a wait.  We waited almost an hour for a table.  It was by far the smallest BWW I've seen, and I'm pretty sure they were understaffed for the college football games.  The server was nice but slow, and the whole place was out of date (they still have the old blue NTN trivia players). Better to drive over to the one at Norterra off I-17...
2	Normally I go to the Westgate location, but decided to give this location a try given its proximity to my house. In hindsight, I wish I would have spent the extra 10-15 minutes and drove to Westgate. Food-wise, the place is the same as the other locations. Wings are great! However, the waitstaff makes or breaks a place. This place's waitstaff fell below expectations. The only thing I was asked upon entering the place was, "Have you been here before?" I did not get any "Hello" or "Hi." Rather, it seemed like I was bothering these girls. Again, the food was good, but the waitress just left me hanging pretty much the entire time. She'd appear here and there, but she really made any efforts to check on the table. It's one thing to see you walk by the table next to mine; it's another thing to have you actually ask me if there is anything I need. All in all, I cut my stay and decided to go home and watch the game. For people that know me and how low maintenance and laid back that I am, it's pretty bad when I leave because of bad service. Do yourself a favor, hit the Westgate location or elsewhere. The waitstaff here have too many other things to worry about besides their customers.
1	I have eatin at this restaurant at least 4 times since it reopened. The food is always good but the last three times the service has digressed to  absolutely terrible. The first time shame on them the second time shame on me.  The manager tried to make the poor service right but too little too late. This will be the last time but I eat at this particular Buffalo Wild Wings.  I must say that generally Buffalo Wild Wings  are great places to go. This just isn't one of them.
2	I've never been a fan of the food here.  I do like the traditional chicken wings and enjoy the variety of flavors to choose from.Today was not a good experience.  I ordered the blue cheese sirloin wrap (new item).  The wrap tasted too salty and it was very small for the price- about $12.  I wouldn't recommend that to anyone.  The reason today for 2 stars was for the wait time.  It took too long to get our food.  I was getting so angry waiting.. I saw people who sat down 15 minutes after us get their orders first.  I was not happy at all.  Kids meals are a joke here. Portion size for a kids meal should read 2-5 years old.  Beware-  they are small.  The slider kids meal came with an over cooked hard little burger.  Not the best.  They need to step up their burgers.I was not brave enough to complain but the food here isn't the best.  I would stick to chicken wings and maybe nachos.  Or-  go somewhere else.
1	Let me start off with this, the employees there are great. The food, the prices and the fact that they took out the fire pit on the patio makes this place absolutely passable ever damn time. The draw is to come watch sports. I have satellite for that, and I can actually stomach the food I cook at home or order out. I know what a novel concept. The burgers are ground up trash that taste like they came straight from a garbage disposal. There wings are whatever, nothing special there. The menu is a big sign of worrying more about quantity over quality. Word to the wise, don't sacrifice quality. This place is nothing special and seems to be content with that.
5	I have never had great experience with it's take out. But dinning in has always been amazing! Best wings ever. I love the gyro and garden crasher they have!
4	Over the past few times I've been here the experience has taken a 180 the staff is great and the wings are finally what I expect. I'm happy I can enjoy some wings close to home again
4	It's not a bad place to get some good wings and some beers. Especially when you compare them to other wing places in the area. BWW has some of the best flavors to choose from including sauces that are actually hot not ones that claim to be hot. If you name a sauce suicide or diablo it better be eye watering, mouth burning, poop on fire the next day hot! Blazin and mango habanero do that for me. The service is pretty good and usually fast. Plenty of tv's to watch your sports games, air conditioned, and a decent amount of beers on tap. The wings here are the biggest I have seen around... Can't complain.
1	First off, the environment is fine if you like sports bars. The beer was cold and fresh which was a plus.  Most importantly though is the food which is most definitely sub par.  The wings were some of the worst I've had, the sauces just didn't seem to have good flavor. The batter was excessive for sure.  All 4 of us were not impressed with the food.  Also I my credit card was incorrectly charged and their customer service is miles apart from other restaurants I've been to.  Bottom line, if you're needing wings think twice before eating here.
4	Sat the bar and received very good service from Bethany and she also had very good recommendations on items on the menu. She was very knowledgeable and friendly. Next time I'm in surprise I'll definitely stop back there and grab the jammin jalapeno hot wings extra crispy. I am a hot wing connoisseur and I won hot wings competition... Don't get me wrong there wings are good but they don't compare to Wingstop. The flavor on the jammin jalapeno was actually extremely satisfying like I said I just wish they had been a little bit more crispy
1	My third attempt at getting my charges corrected has gone unanswered. Now they have charged me even more. I sent an email to corporate but no response in 24 hrs.
3	I'll have to agree with Jennie q. Review.  Food isn't anything spectacular.  Be careful when you get take out and double check your order.  They have ticked me off more than once.  Called and went back for correct order and they still fu c ked it up. I stick with the Buffalo Chicken wrap lunch.  Anything else I've tried has bed dry or overcooked.  We tried their fried pickles for an appetizer and it was disgusting and extremely greasy. At least we got it taken off the bill. The atmosphere is nice though.  I'm sure I'll be back until I'm pushed to my limit lolThanks for reading!
3	Food was good , Service great. We had wait for a table and there was little to no room to wait indoors and it was well over 105 outside! we had our 5 month old granddaughter with us so we squeezed in and waited the 10 minutes for a table.
3	It's reopened!! New ownership! :)Granted, I was at "B-Dubs" once or twice before new ownership made its way, I am glad it's open again. It gives us, Surpris-ians, the ones stranded out in Surprise, AZ, another option for eating and drinking.Service still "meh." Sometimes, the waiters and waitresses hit it out of the ballpark amazing. Other days, the service can be slow. I can't complain too much because they gave our group free shots while we were waiting for our food to sample. This bribery I'm ashamed to say tends to win me over sometimes. Food is consistently good. The latest creations that I've tried are the Margarita wings and the Salted Caramel flavors. As one can imagine, low and behold, the margarita wings do taste like you've drank a margarita. Sorry, no buzz to be found, but the sweetness and saltiness definitely are familiar tastes. Same goes for the salted caramel. My friends gasped at the idea of me trying the salted caramel, screaming, "No, salted caramel belongs with dessert not chicken wings." Of course, I'd try it if someone tells me it's wrong. Survey says, "not bad." It's definitely worth a try. It still tastes barbecue and hickory accented, but there's just a bit of caramel poured into the sauce so a hint of sweet hits your palette. Not overwhelming at all.Last night, I took the ghost pepper wings, a large order of 20, home for my hubby to try. I was not trying to ruin his day, honestly. He loves spiciness and can hang with the toughest. He housed all 20 wings with no problem, even when the restaurant servers forgot to put ranch dressing in our to-go bag. Blast them for forgetting the ranch! It goes hand in hand like peanut butter and jelly! He said the wings were very hot and tasted good. Most of the time when foods are too spicy, you can't enjoy the flavor, but he said in this case, you could still have great flavor. He's uncertain whether if the wings were one of the spiciest he's ever had because he said it didn't have quite enough sauce. I guess we are going to have to go back and try again or you'll just have to find out for yourself.
4	Service was fast, server was great, I don't see why so many people on here write bad reviews about this place,will be returning
1	We have gone to this location two times now, This time our server was okay the food was okay.. We had a little spider in our plate which was kind of gross and scary since I had a 3 month old with me in his car seat.. Good thing we saw it and called the waitress..so she can get rid of it.. I would not be returning to this place again.
3	I usually hot Buffalo Wild Wings once every one to two weeks and the service and food is usually consistent. I was again in today and found that there is now a charge to use the table-top trivia/games consoles. The charge is $0.99. I find this new charge a bit outrageous and needless. Obviously it is planned either to be a revenue generator or to cover the cost being on the gaming network.  One of the reasons I like BWW is the ability to play trivia with my friends, it fosters some great competition!  Needless to say, today might have been my last visit to BWW.I hope they end up reversing their decision.
2	Tried this place when it first opened in surprise not impress didn't come back ,then my boss told me to give it another chance it changed it been like 2 yrs give or take ,so we went back had good service went back again on a Sunday not busy took 30 min to meet the waitress to get drinks , waitress didn't even get told by the host staff we where hers. just very upset about this place they play it like it's the best thing on TV and it's suck at customer service now don't get me wrong once the waitress knew we where there she was on top of it she did a awesome job with what she could do between taking care of her customers and clean the tables she had cause they don't have bust boy/girls o well .that rant about the place .
3	Great beer and sports most of the time good not great wings on wing Thursday but some great sauces that are to die for
1	Our service this time was not what it used to be.... I'm sorry to say.  I love BWW! But for the price of the food,  I've had much better service else ware.  This location has been closed once before.  =/
3	Wing Tuesday ($.60 cents a wing) is a pretty good deal.  Decided to try out their online ordering and placed an order for 8 medium wings and 8 "desert heat" wings.  Chose my pickup time for 5:40 and was right on time.  I walked in, paid my money and got my wings.  Service was friendly.  I even got a survey on my receipt which gives me $5.00 off next time I come (within 2 weeks).  The wings were good. I forgot to specify "extra crispy" but they were still good.  $10.51 for 16 wings is a decent enough deal.  I liked the medium ones way better than the desert heat.  The desert heat wings had a dry rub on them and just weren't that good....a little dry.  The medium wings were tasty and just hot enough.  Ill be back to eat in and get some extra crispy wings on a Tuesday night in the near future.
1	Food was excellent today however service was not.  It's disappointing that great customer service is something of the past. After waiting more than 10 minutes for a server we finally ordered food and drinks. The food was great however you would have thought I was ripping the place off when I asked for a third cup of ranch. (15 wings) It took me asking for a manager for them to waive the $.60. My wife and I have been coming here since they opened weekly and have never had that experience. The Assistant GM they sent to the table after I asked to speak with a manager was not friendly and only restated some policy I have never heard of and never has been enforced before. There are too many places to choose from in Surprise than to put up with straight out poor customer service.
3	In my search for Beer and Wings, this is where the hubs and I ended up. Right away I felt annoyed by the person sitting behind me, but I was here to eat! We ordered a sampler with wings, mozzarella sticks and a small stack of nachos. It was very filling for the price. Then we ordered the medium size set of wings (18) so I could try different sauces. Overall we tried the carribean jerk, asian zing, medium and hot bbq. All flavors were really good. I was happy with everyone we tried. Next time we won't get the boneless because there was soooo much breading but overall they were tasty. Our server was very soft spoken and we waited a long time between requests. (e.g. may we have blue cheese? sure. 20 mins later we reminded him.) We each also ordered beer and were never offered another. So instead I asked for a water to soak up some of the spice. But our glasses sat empty for quite some time. I also overheard a server and and a hostess arguing right next to me about why she wasn't sat and that she had 2 open tables etc.... Overall, food okay... Service is lacking. No one was rude, but no one really seemed to care about their tables either. I would totally go back if I didn't have my kids with me and I was just looking to drink and watch a game with some good food.
1	The best part of my experience at this over priced, noisy, average foods quality wing joint is that the service is so slow that I have time to write this review. Thank you for wasting as much of my time as possible!
1	I keep trying to give this place a chance.. but every time I come in here, we get stuck with the same awful server, Vicki. We wait 20 minutes for drinks, 45 for food and she never comes back to check on us.. no refills!! then after all of that... we just waited 35 minutes to pay a bill, if we weren't with guests we would have just walked out! This will be our last and final time here!
1	I'm sure the food will be good, but let me get to the problem with this place...I placed an order online and it let me put 6:40 as the pick up time. I get here at 6:20 and they tell me they don't have my order. I tell the girl behind the counter it was to be picked up at 6:40, oh surprise now she finds it. She then goes on to tell me that their system won't get the order until 6:40, um WTF. So I ask to speak to the manager who just says the same thing the girl said, but adds it's a system/BWW thing. When I ask what kind of sense that makes he agrees that it doesn't. Yet only says they'll put my order in now and that's it. Talk about horrible customer service!I don't really care who's fault it is, get your sh*t together people! And when you mess up, do something to make up for it.
3	BWW has it's ups and downs. The food is very hit or miss and the service is as well. That said, they do offer fundraisers for local schools and this is what led me to BWW recently. This was definitely an UP visit. The food was served hot, was tasty, and our server was polite and competent. I had the Chicken Buffalitos which were delish. My son had this sausage burger on a pretzel roll thing that he was stone silent while eating because he liked it so much. My littlest had the corn dogs from the appetizer menu which he loved. We had 1/2 price appetizers as well. Drinks were kept filled, tables bussed. Its the little things but they finally got it done right.I hope that it's on an UP swing for a while now because I really do want to like it there.
2	Buffalo Wild Wings is hit or miss with service and overpriced for what you get. The service is sometimes ok, others it is miserable. We went back after it had re-opened in Surprise. The wings were absolutely delicious-- they were meaty, perfectly cooked with the right amount of sauce. Unfortunately, the next time we went in, the wings were very much like the BWW of old. Small wings, overdone and completely drenched in sauce. What makes it worse is the fact that, with the family-- there are fours of us-- it costs over $60(with tip-- provided the service is on par for a tip). And now I hear that BWW is reducing(??) its portion sizes but nor reducing the cost?!?!? see this link for the new portioning: http://www.restaurantbusinessonline.com/controlling-costs/food-cost-outlook/articles/bww-adjusts-portioning-policy-reflect-wing-costs and this link for the price increases:http://money.cnn.com/2014/10/28/investing/buffalo-wild-wings-earnings-higher-prices/
2	Don't come expecting good service.Food is usually solid. Expect a hassle getting seated...even if waiters outnumber diners 2 to 1.While it is a huge hassle to get someone to take your order, they actually pay people to wander up and ramble about your experience.Beyond stupid execution.Not sure what the issue is, but it's bad. And I come here on average once a week. (When not in a rush and craving wings.)
2	Food was typical food for a chain place, wasn't bad.  The service was awful.  I seriously debated not leaving a tip.  We had to track our waitress down twice.  We were there watching the game with a group and she maybe came by every 20-25 minutes.
2	The food and service was good.  The manager Dave was horrible.  I asked him a question and he rolled his eyes and blew me off.  Really?!?  Way to lose a customer.
4	Went here for the first time at about 10:30pm on a Saturday. It was quiet, but that's Surprise for you, I suppose. The waiter was nice but forgot to give us silver wear. The wings were a lot bigger and a lot better quality than other BWWs I've been to. We'll be back!
2	Rude "Captain" !!! She was very irritated that we sat at a table that wasn't cleaned yet. When she did come over, she wiped the table, made a rude comment telling my boyfriend that if he would move his keys, she could clean our table and left us with a wet table. She was miserable. She never returned to see how we were doing. In fact,  she did the opposite. She avoided us the entire time, had a sour look on her face every time she passed our table. I dont know why we ever come here. I'm never impressed. Used up our gift card. Won't be coming back.
3	Good at times and bad at times, food always good though. I am a regular says yelp but when this place first reopened it has been a slight change in quality. From great to gradually ok. This is not meant to bash, but be constructive criticism. As I am sitting here typing I have not got a menu yet...I did get my beer though, thanks for that. It's all about food and service food I give a B+ overall and service about a C- overall. It feels like servers at times are too busy being busy. A plus is they do smile, that's nice. I will continue to come back hoping for an improvement, but let's be real... It prolly won't change.
