5	Whether you are a serious coffee drinker, or you know someone who is, this is the perfect place to buy bulk coffee.  And if you do have a good friend or relative who loves coffee, this is the best place to get a distinctive gift for that person.Nicholas Coffee Company has been around a long time, since 1919 actually.  One  thing that makes their coffee so good is that they roast them on the premises.  You can really taste the difference versus getting bulk coffee at Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts.  Some of my favorite blends include the Ethiopian Harrar, Costa Rican Tarrazu, and if in the mood for something a little stronger and darker, I recommend the French Roast.  They have their private blends too.I'm not into tea as much, although I'll buy here in the summer to make ice tea.  And they do sell Chinese Restaurant tea, which Rick and I love to brew when we order Chinese take-out.  They also have a lot of boxed teas and gift teas for the tea lover in your life.  Want to know what "China Gunpowder Temple of Heaven" is?  http://www.nicholascoffee.net/webstore/storefront/ItemBuy.cfm?ItemID=451They also have a lot of teapots and coffee makers if you are looking for a nice gift for someone.  And how many coffee roasters sell cigars?  My confession:  I've smoked cigars on rare occasion and I actually do like the mild ones!  One last thing, their website http://www.nicholascoffee.net/webstore/storefront/storemain.cfm?CFID=4407284&CFTOKEN=92186416 is very good and it has a lot of good tips on brewing good coffee and tea.
5	Every time I visit from Chicago... I run over here before or after visiting Primanti's.  I've even demanded we stop here before returning home - I buy enough coffee to last me 6 months, when I know I will return again.  It's the best place in Pittsburgh to buy coffee & tea in bulk.  I buy a coffee to drink as I shop, a few bags in bulk for family members, and a ton of smaller bags for myself at work.  They even have flavored-honey filled straws for tea, cigars, and all sorts of accessories.  I love stopping here during the holiday season.  I make a huge gift basket for my parents.  And it's all at a great price!!
5	Walking into this shop is like giving your eyes a sweet indulgence, and the sensory aromatics of freshly roasted beens will leave your taste buds craving for that hot java.  Rows of specialty coffees, teas and candies line the walls  and create the feeling of a genuinely unique experience. It's got a small town feel, which is rmost efreshing! for a Downtown location. Specialty drinks are their modus operandi, like the Chocolate Banana Bread Latte, or my humour favorite: Fat Guy in a Little Coat Latte!! I have been in a number of times, both in busy rush hours and during the inbetween hours. The service has ALWAYS been friendly, efficient & creative, so don't hesitate to ask a few questions and try a new combination. I'm also a huge loose tea fan, and have yet to explore this aspect of the shop. They seem to have an impressive inventory. This is the BEST coffee and speciality  bean shoppe in Pittsburgh, hands down!
5	I have no complaints here.  European-style shop for gourmet coffee and tea.  You can buy fresh-brewed coffee or beans and loose leaf tea in bulk starting with a 1/4 pound and up.  Besides that, the shop is crammed with coffee and tea supplies, candies, and chocolates.  Good prices.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff.I usually buy coffee, but the last time I went in for green tea and wanted to try something new.  The man who waited on me didn't know a whole lot about tea, so he did something amazing:  he found someone else who did!Tip: Go on Thursday afternoons when Market Square has their farmer's market and pick up some fresh produce and pierogies, too.
4	Awesome place in the middle of the Downtown "yuppie" strip within steps of a seriously nice plaza lined with food stores, the Primantis store, and several others. The aroma of freshly roasted coffee permeates the air. And the selection of organic cookies is amazing. Love the place!
5	I LOVE Nicholas Coffee. I have been working near Market Square for over a year now.  After my first few months of Starbucks disappointments, I ventured into Nicholas. They have a very large selection of coffees, teas, and European import items. Their pumpkin spice latte not only tastes like pumpkin pie, but its a full $2 cheaper than Starbucks'.  Every day, they make fresh whipped cream, roasted peanuts, and peanut butter.All of the baristas are extremely friendly and helpful. They also have amusing facebook updates, some of which contain Bill Cosby sweater references. I also enjoy their innovative latte creations (See the 'Batman' themed latte menu I posted). Nothing to complain about.
4	Gosh I love this place!  I'm a recent coffee convert....been a tea drinker for all of my life.  You'd think I would have hit this place up long ago for some specialty teas (specialteas? sorry).  Those huge gleaming cannisters of teas do beckon, but it's the coffee that has me hooked.  Now let's be honest, coffee to me is flavored and hit with cream or a flavored creamer, not the strong, dark roast variety.  My fave - so far anyway - is the Cinnamon Pecan Praline, closely followed by Almond Joy - coconut, hazelnut and chocolate combo, Coconut Cream - with coconut flakes!, Danish Pastry - slight touch of citrus and brown sugar and the list could continue.  Maybe I'm more of a liquid dessert fan than real coffee, but this place sure supplies what I'm looking for.What a great place to buy locally for holiday shopping!  Wouldn't your family and friends enjoy a nice bag of fun coffee tucked into their stocking?!  Hmmmm...I wonder who would like the deep, dark Bavarian Chocolate?????
4	My family owns a coffee plantation in PR, and visiting this place reminds me of all the scents brought about by the roasting process and all the aromas different coffee beans can exude.  Without a doubt it is a great stop for both Coffee and Tea lovers.I don't get down to Market Square as often as I'd like, but when I do, there's always a stop at Nicholas Coffee Co.  Great quality, and awesome products.
4	For a moment I will need you to ignore my name. Okay good, now that you have ignored it, let's talk about how freaking awesome this place "Nicholas Coffee" is in Market Square. Yeah I know what you are thinking, "well you are just saying that because it's like your name" Wrong. You ignored my name as mentioned above so you know now there is no bias. Moving on. If you ever wanted really dive into coffee, please go here. For Pittsburgh it's basically the epicenter of caffeine. You walk in and can feel the roasted beans scurry up your nostrils to only have you feel delighted as you now bath in its smooth roasted goodness.The downside here is there is really nowhere to sit and it's really just meant as a place to stop in and leave as oppose to hang around. The upside is there is SO MUCH coffee to choose from. It will blow your freaking mind/ melt your brain. Whichever comes first.If you really love coffee, come here. Mediocre coffee drinkers beware.
4	If you're a coffee drinker, this is the spot for you. I believe in freedom of choice, and i'll defend with my life your right to choose. But if you're going to drink coffee, drink coffee, not the flavored foo-foo stuff.My first visit here was before Yelp was just a glint in it's founder's father's eye. And i listened as an old man (The founder?) was telling me about the old days, and how many men died when coffee roasters would catch fire and explode. Not sure how true those stories were, but hey, he was an old man, and I was fresh out of college. Like most college students my common sense eventually came back, but that's another story.Well he took me back and showed me the raw beans, and how they roasted them. It was very interesting. Then he made me a cup of coffee with bean just out of the roaster, slightly cooled, he ground them in front of me, then put them in a french press and let it steep for 4 minutes. Damn, that was the best cup of Joe I ever had. So the very next day I bought a french press, went back to Nicholas Coffee, and bought a pound of espresso roast and I've been hooked every since.There are many places to get coffee in this city, but this place is the tops on my list!
4	I cannot count how many times I walked right past Nicholas Coffee Co, smelling the aroma of fresh roasted peanuts I love roasted peanuts, they're like my favorite food.  I remember the windows being very busy, and busy windows tend to scare me, like I cannot guess what's going on inside. After reading the Yelp reviews of Nicholas Coffee and co, and getting Downtown after 4:30pm I decided to go in.  I have fallen in love. This coffee shop had a frozen Chai on the menu, I am going on my lunch break tomorrow for that. The barista was smiling and seemed happy to be of service.On this visit I played it safe and got a iced latte with vanilla flavoring, omg it was so delicious. Refreshing sweet and energizing.  I cannot wait until my next visit to this coffee shop, it was really a treat. One entire wall was lined with tea!!! There were roasted nuts of all kinds, honey and huge variety of coffees. Shame on me for not giving this place a change earlier, now it's time to play catch up :)
5	With the return of nice weather to the'Burgh, I've been able to get out on lunch and do some shopping.  I took a stroll down here 'cos it felt good to get out of the office and besides, I'm getting a little tired of the coffee from Giant Eagle.  Maxwell House and Folger's are okay, but soemtimes we need a little variety.So I picked up some Olde Vienna which is a little darker than most American roasts, but not as dark as French Roast.  I also picked up a nice Kenya AA blend.  But I'm also become a tea lover and I picked up some Stash Decaffeinated Earl Grey--makes a great ice tea!  Great coffee and service here.  It's been a few years since I was here last and I'm gonna have to stop by more often.
5	One of the best places to buy coffee in the city. The Raspberry Truffle Latte is my personal favorite, but be sure to try their other speciality drinks that they post. Great location (Market Square), great environment and atmosphere, and friendly and helpful staff. Get a cuppa!
4	The coffee is excellent and fresh (they do like 10 roasts). Lots of choices and freshly roasted peanuts. I wish the service was a little better because I really want to love this place, but they are always impatient with me as if it were a deli counter with 50 waiting people even when I am one of the only customers. As far as fresh roasted coffee in Downtown this is one of highlights of Market Square.
4	Good coffee and reasonable prices.  They have a large selection of fresh roasted coffees and teas to bring home, and a coffee bar where you can order drinks.I tried the "Chubby Bunny" latte--white chocolate and toasted marshmallow--wasn't a fan, but I acknowledge that it's my own fault for ordering something so sweet!  Husband had an americano, black, which was delish.  This place smells like heaven...I'll definitely come back, although I'll probably just do my usual brewed coffee. They also had a "bargain bin" of Ritter sport chocolate bars for $1.30 each by the door...lucky I saw them on the way OUT instead of the way IN!
4	Interesting little shop in Market Square. If you're going to sit outside and eat dessert you might as well have it with coffee. A chocolate cinnamon swirl latte to be exact.It was a little crazy, tight and unexpected inside, with a narrow aisle separating the numerous selections of whole bean coffee and tea on the left from the coffee bar on the right. They also sell chocolate covered beans and even a small selection of cigars. With so many choices, I might need to come back here again when I have more time to browse.
3	I'm not one to drink coffee (or tea for that matter) but if I did I think I would find myself here often. The smell when you walk in is PHENOMENAL. If only coffee tasted how it smells. Quite a collection of coffee and tea is on display and there is a small counter to take individual drink orders. I took the advice of the "hipster shark" on the sign in front of the register and ordered the "coconut mango French soda" which said it was "so obscure you've probably never heard of it." That was true, but I didn't expect that the baristas had never heard of it either. I found myself trying to explain a drink I never heard of to someone else that had never heard of it - then we negotiated a price as there was none listed. All this while there were 800 people waiting in line behind me wondering who the nutcase was holding up the line with a French Soda order in the coffee shop. It turned out well, although we had to substitute pineapple for coconut syrup. I really don't know what I ended up with. My wife was able to get some caffeine free tea, so there's that. Moral of the story: don't listen to the hipster shark.
4	Since moving to the city, it's become a pain to go out to my favorite specialty tea store, Chaye Coffee & Tea in Murrysville. I don't do coffee so I'll only speak of the tea part. Nicholas has a very large selection of teas from around the world; all on display to see but in opaque containers so light doesn't degrade the leafs faster. They have full-leaf teas from well-known estates in Assam, and Ceylon, as well as notable Chinese varieties as well. The lady who helped me out today was pretty knowledgeable about the differences in Ceylon teas. I won't claim to be a full-bred tea connoisseur myself but I'm getting a lot of enjoyment out of my trips to Nicholas. Plus they're also stocking local honey as well which is a huge plus.
5	Best coffee ever! I never miss an opportunity to try whatever flavor of coffee they are brewing at Nicholas Coffee Co. Every day they have three different brews, one being flavored, and all delicious. They have every flavor you could possibly imagine (and sell the beans if you don't want to wait for them to brew your favorite one). The candy shop is pretty awesome, too.
3	I am not a coffee person, at all - still, I have to admit, this place has a nice feel to it and is so cheap that it's probably just a step or two below nirvana for coffee drinkers.Two things make me remember a shop where I can't drink 99% of what's sold. One, the people who work here are really nice; I hadn't visited this shop in months and they still gave me a big hello when they saw my face again recently. Two, I can appreciate a nice set-up when I see one, too, and the entire shop is just filled to the brim with shelves and shelves of jars and more jars, each filled with another kind of coffee bean - needless to say, coffee lovers, give yourself time to browse!But I already said I'm not a coffee person - so what in the world am I even doing in this place, you ask? Well, the shop also carries a couple candy and chocolate options, has a mini-fridge with cold beverages, and has a(n admittedly small, especially compared to the rest of the shop) selection of tea available behind the main register.I wouldn't say it's my favorite place in the world; my cup of tea seemed pretty weak compared to other places I've visited. Still, it was far, far cheaper than other places, so I guess I can honestly say I got what I paid for: nothing spectacular but nothing awful, either.
5	When I worked downtown years ago, Nicholas Coffee was the "nuts" so to speak.   Now that I'm back working in town again, I was ecstatic that I can get a fresh cup of fabulous flavored coffee every morning as I walk to work through Market Square.If you are a high maintenance coffee person, this is the place for you!  The flavored coffee is the BEST, one can immediately taste the difference from the brews here and the nauseating Hazelnut that is sold at every other place that sells coffee.  That flavor should be banished from the Earth, but that's another story.Try the Graham Cracker, Chocolate Orange, Almond Joy or Coconut, delicious!  Nicholas also carries freshly baked biscotti in a variety of flavors as well as other eclectic baked goods. A must stop for visiting guests and coffee/tea lovers!
4	Wonderful alternative to Starbucks in Market Square.  All of their brewed coffee hits the spot.  If you go in between 8-9am you won't have to worry about a huge line like you would at Starbucks.  It's also a much more personal experience picking up your morning coffee here.  Last time I stopped in, I grabbed an assortment of sample packages of various flavors of coffee.  I've tried a few and have enjoyed each.  Quality = A+
5	They are in fact "the oldest coffee store" in Pittsburgh, being created in 1919. I wanted breakfast/lunch and nothing was open in Market Square until 11am so this little place caught my eye. They don't roast, pack, or warehouse their products, but roast small batches of Arabican beans daily at optimum temperatures to insure peak flavor. Upon walking in I was greeted with the scintillating waft of fresh coffee beans. Tons of different flavors of Torani syrups also lined the walls, making my decision even that much harder. They had fancy lattes with turtle, chocolate, raspberry, etc enticing names. I decided to stick with one of their brews for the day: Southern Pecan roast and had it just black. It was quite delicious. My sister just asked for a large coffee on ice. I'm not sure which roast she ended up with but the flavor was gone after she drenched it with milk and nasty saccharine. Still delicious for an iced coffee but I can't deal with those people that like their coffee in milkshake form. Upon leaving and inspecting the various bags of beans and teas I noticed this place also sells cigars! Hot dog. What a gem.
4	Just bought a latte and child's hot chocolate, and both were good and the smell of the place is awesome... I coffee beans!
5	While visiting Pittsburgh, I had the pleasure of stopping in here. The coffee was unmatched, and the service was incredible. I mentioned I was only visiting, and the staff offered me a short tour of the back. It's a shame it's not closer or I'd go regularly.
5	The first part in realizing that you have a problem is to admit it, well I have a coffee addiction. This place makes it very easy to feed my cravings by having a huge selection of regular and decaf coffees. I also think that the prices are reasonable and the staff is a lot of fun. I thank them for searching high and low when I request some coffees that may not be their biggest seller but I want to try. Stop in coffee lovers you will not be disappointed.
4	Great coffee and Tea selection.  Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...
5	So Many coffees to choose from, so little time. Really awesome coffee shoppe, which happens to be the oldest in the city and the most delicious smelling! They staff here is super friendly and enthusiastic about the precious beans. Its quaint and charming with a old rustic touch. Prices are reasonable and what you'd expect. Definitely a good place to stop if your around market square
3	I gave it a second shot. Much better. See the taste review below. When it comes to coffee places, you know what you will get at a place like Starbucks or Crazy Mocha, but finding a local spot just adds to the overall experience that the previous two cannot provide. As far as local Pittsburgh coffee spots go, so far this is at the middle if the pack but worth visiting in downtown. Especially since it is in market square. I am a sucker for history and want to try Nicholas's again. There is a large selection of coffee, for boutique type prices for some. The daily coffee my second time was much better but still if you have been in existence since 1919 I would expect a great product, or one that is different from all the rest due to your almost 100 years. The 5 senses review:Sight: 8-the main saving grace. It is really cool, quaint, and charming. This is where the history helps. Smell: 6-just like other coffee places it is always nice to walk in and get nailed with the aroma of the brewed and ground beans. Taste: 6- UPDATED! Much better coffee of the day. So lesson learned. Get a "coffee of the day" at your own risk. Sound: 3-remember a low number is good. Nice and relaxed with the just the sounds of a working coffee shop. No over powering shitty music, thankfully!Touch: 2-only because you aren't really using your hands for anything. I did get a biscotti there which was very good. So since I used my hands I need to add some rating.
4	This is my first visit to NC&T. It's a really lively place even when there aren't many customers around--employees were roasting beans, attending to the store shelves.My (small) mocha was awesome and at $2.94 definitely can't be beat by Starbucks on price or quality.I love this coffee shop's environment. The staff is extremely friendly and clearly take pride in their product and employer. Immediately after I ordered, a line started forming--confirmation of my excellent choice. I will be back!
2	I knew it was going to be a fail as I watched the 'Barista' slopping together a latte for the customer in front of me.  I ordered a coffee of the day instead--meh, I've had better.  My wife got a soy latte:  he dumped the milk in, without technique, and over-heated the milk.  It was a watery, soppy mess.  We want Nicholas to be great--or now, better.  Train the staff!
5	Excellent coffee.Really, you want more of a review than that?  Oh, okay.. I'll try I'll try.It's a small coffeeshop as well as, I believe, roasting facility.  So it looks and smells like amazing coffee and tea.  In fact, i kind of loved standing in line for my coffee because of how cool the shop is.Added bonus, they have odd candies - including Mozart chocolates and candy cigarettes.  That's awesome!But yes, coffee was great and the biscotti was unique and wonderful.
5	This place is located in the Market District of downtown Pittsburgh. First of all, when you walk in the smell of gourmet coffee is delicious! They sell gourmet coffees and teas as well as extras like honey that is specifically for tea, rare candies and I believe cigars.This also serves as a small coffee house and roasting facility. Just to give you an idea of what the patrons think, it's located right across the plaza from the local Starbucks and the line was longer here than Starbucks! Surprising.The inside of the shop is clean and well organized. You definitely don't mind waiting in line in a room that smells this good! The staff seemed relatively well informed and courteous. I can't speak to how well trained they are because I didn't have them prepare me a drink. I had gone to Starbucks.
4	im just a regular coffee drinker not a coffee snob by any means but when i want a good cup of joe this is where i come. not very expensive at all and the store smells amazing. i love the smell of fresh coffee!!
5	Don't have too much to add here that hasn't already been said. This is a very unique and special gem in the middle of Market Square. The quality of the coffee is very good. The staff are very friendly. The decor and ambience is quite unparalleled to other places in the city. I was also pleasantly surprised at how well priced the drinks were. I wish, however, there were more places to sit and chill inside as well as outside on the square. I will definitely stop in here again.
4	Wide variety on coffee & teas - even cigars. Relaxed atmosphere & friendly people.  Lots of flavored coffees, though I'm not a huge fan flavored coffees.
5	I had a dark chocolate cold latte. It was like eating dark chocolate espresso beans. The best I have ever had. The prices were reasonable and the staff were very friendly.
5	good coffee and perfect tea pot. love the Guatemala Antigua.
5	Coffee addicts: I have your answer to coffee grounds. As a self-acknowledged coffee addict, I am very particular about my coffee based on the taste as well as acidity. I tend to like mellow and dark flavored coffee and Nicholas has what I need. My favorite blend there is the Olde Vienna roast. They will customize the courseness of your grounds based on your coffee maker which I appreciate. They also have a frequent flyer card which allows you to get a free pound of coffee after ten visits. The coffee bean counter is to the left when you enter and their cafe is to the right. Although I have never tried the coffee from the cafe, the prices are very reasonable and are made from the coffee they sell there. This place is my go-to for coffee grounds!
4	This hidden gem, tucked away in the corner of Market Square in downtown Pittsburgh, offers more than just coffee.  Sure, it's easy to be lazy and unadventurous and go to Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks, but why not take a chance and support a Pittsburgh staple since the 1800s?  They must be doing something right to stay around that long.  They also roast their beans in-house...in Market Square.  Amazing.Nicholas Coffee Co. has a unique ambiance.  I'd say it's vintage bookstore chic, but your opinion and description may differ.  With a HUGE selection of coffee, fresh baked goods from local vendors,  friendly staff, and a humidor for the casual cigar aficionado, there's a little something for everyone.  The coffee by the cup is very reasonably priced, and you can buy coffee in bulk, or buy a few sample packs to find your favorite brew before buying by the pound.
5	My favorite place in pittsburgh to get whole bean coffee.  Amazing selection, daily specials, reward card, reasonable pricing.  What more is there to say??
5	I'm all for trying to support local and small businesses. After living in downtown for four years now, I'm upset I just recently went to Nicholas. The coffee (coconut cream) was very good. I love their tea selection and actually ended up buying Bigelow Vanilla Caramel tea which I can never find anywhere. For two medium coffees and the box of tea I paid a little over $7. Great coffee, great tea, and great prices.
2	I'd heard good reviews, so I stopped in last time I was downtown, but I'm not impressed by their coffee. Dark roasted, bitter, etc. If I'm looking for coffee downtown, I'd go find that 21st St. Coffee branch instead. Still, they sell a bunch of other neat snacks and stuff, and it beats a chain.
1	The owner, Nicholas G Nicholas needs to attend a few driving classes before he kills someone. Maybe too much hp for him. If you see an 08 white porsche with FL plate 917 MNC stay clear. Guy drives like a nut. Almost ran me off the road in Boca Raton by 95.
