4	First and foremost, to begin, this is a cosmetology school. I was driving by one day and noticed a huge banner that read, "Hair Cuts, $2.75." Who could possibly resist a hair cut that's less than 3 bucks? Well, I guess someone fearful of letting a student near your nugget with scissors. I completely understand. But my past several experiences have been just fine. I'll be honest, too, they do a much better job than some of the other in 'n out hair salons in the area. See, if you think about it, these are students who WANT to do a good job. They're not trying to move quickly and get on to the next patron, thinking cash and not quality. And the students are carefully supervised by their instructors, so fear not.I also went in for a facial and pedicure the other day. I've had a couple facials before, thanks to spa day gift certificates I've received in the past. I have never been more comfortable than I was at the G Institute. My esthetician for the day was very concerned and caring, and took her time with each step, explaining things in full before we began. And, oh, I forgot to mention -- it only cost me $15. I followed the facial with a pedicure ($8), and I've only one complaint about that -- the foot tub we were using had a leak in it, so we had to refill it a couple times. But again, the student took great time and care with my tootsies, and they look great.They also offer waxing, basic manicures, coloring, perming, etc. -- just about anything you would look for in a salon. And the prices are perfect for my pocket.
1	Hello yelp, I was writing to let every potential student know "DO NOT ATTEND THIS SCHOOL".I started this school because I was interested in cosmetology, after attending the school for 260 hours-out of 1800 course, I decided 260 hours was enough, cosmetology is not for me.  So I withdrew from the program.  Turns out, if you want to withdraw from the school, they will charge you an excruciating amount of money, even if you legitimately are not interested in the career.   So I went for to 260 hours and they are charging me a whopping total of $$$ 7, 500!!!  How doe's that sound? ABSURD RIGHT?!  For students looking to get into a career and do not have a large established finance-which is MOST students- THIS SCHOOL WILL ROB YOU-SERIOUSLY.   This school sets you up to pay them weather you are satisfied with the school or not.  If you sign to go you better plan to stay and pay pay $20,000! They do not care about the student they only care about you becoming a student paycheck, they set you up to pay the school alot, even if you decide you do not want to go (the contract payment agreement-is actually unreal).  WHAT A RIP OFF! When you go to make an appointment everyone who works there will make you feel confident about going, they will warm you up, and SELL you into going.  Pssshh, if you do not want to be ripped off for learning how to do hair and makeup, go to a community college that offers the program-it is the most reasonable.   This school seems well put together when you walk through, they use RedKen and things everything look nice and great, but it is not worth it- TRUST ME!!  The education taught is not worth what you will pay.   IT'S RIDICULOUS-When you walk through and they show you around the school, understand  and REMEMBER you are like a $20,000 guaranteed paycheck walking through the door, they will do anything to get you to go to school here.  ((((BEWARE))))-
4	I went there today for a quick style on my lunch hour, while the front desk was not manned professionally (today anyway), a wait for them to get it right (can happen to any establishment). It was the best style for my buck, and the student was an older super cool lady! So, if you are not in a real big hurry and short on cash...it works! Got lots of compliments when I got back to work so I'm ready for the party tonight!
5	I love coming here! I get a facial every couple weeks. It only costs $24 for a full hour! Yes the students are learning but you still get a service that is about half of what a salon charges. I have also had my hair colored and highlighted for $38. Haircuts are $5, and well worth it. The only downside, is that stuff can take a longer than a regular salon. I like to bring my 6 year old for mommy and daughter day. We get to have fun and I save a bunch of money! It is first come first serve, so the early worm gets to wait less!
2	As a school the corporation supplies the students with the cheapest products. Currently this is the most expensive beauty school around but they are flexible on when you can attend which makes this school appealing.As a school.....just talk to the students and you'll learn a lot
5	The care and attention given on their services were outstanding!
4	4 because my treatment, not facility, was awesome.Had no idea this was here until a friend told me about it. Glad I stopped by to get my facial! I had a pumpkin peel. Jessica took great care of meSounds like the institute is moving to Henderson. heard they are getting new equipment rather then the broken things they are currently using.
5	We were looking for a beauty school to take my sister in for a haircut since we know that it will be cheaper. We were expecting it to be $5. So we took a risk. We went in amd was helped by the receptionist right away. We waited for about less than 10 mins and a girl named Katy said she will be taking care of us. We had a pretty good impression of her coz she introduced herself politely.I went in with my sister coz ill be d one who's going to explain her hairstyle. So we showed her d photo of d hairstyle that we want. Similar to miley cyrus' pixie cut. Short on both sides but there's lots of layers on top. So she immediately called her instructor for advice on how she's going to do it. For me that was a smart move. Always ask for help when in doubt. Don't try to be all smart then end up ruining everything. So Katy and d instructor said they're both going to have fun today meaning its a bit of a challenge since they'll be doing it from scratch. My sis' hair is about passed her shoulders. So they shampooed her hair and started working on it. It took about 2hrs but it was all worth it!! I wasn't expecting it to be that great coz she's a student but she has d full guidance of her instructor so that gave me d assurance. Overall, it was a great experience. Everybody in d school were complimenting my sis' hair. And how Katy did a great job. Remember I said I was expecting to pay $5? Well it turned out she only charged us $2!! For that amazing haircut! But I ended up giving her $7. She deserved it. I will definitely be coming back for my own trims. But just a piece of advice. When u go to this kind of places, don't expect too much since they're students and they're learning. Don't expect it to be a short session because theyre learning along d way. Ur definitely taking a risk. Were just lucky enough to be taken care of by Katy :))
