4	This is a great pediatric practice. I've been taking my son here after he was born. The doctors are caring and knowledgeable. The nurses and fromFront desk staff are caring. I've never felt pressured about anything and all my questions have always been answered. I've dealt with 6 of the doctors in the practice, 3 on a pretty regular basis. Our primary doctor is Dr. Tyabji. She is excellent and very caring. She has called me at home to personally ask how how son is doing or to check on his condition. She has also called me to give me test results. I don't know many doctors nowadays that will do that. Dr. Naiman is also very good. He helped us quite a bit in conjunction with Dr. Tyabji when we were dealing with a pretty bad MRSA infection. I highly recommend this practice.
4	My daughter usually sees Dr. Tacvorian, who is a very patient congenial lady. She likes to laugh and always makes us feel comfortable asking her questions. This past week my daughter had a sore throat so we used the walk-in hours (from 7-8am) and ended up seeing Dr. Duddy. He was genuinely friendly and not only discussed her ailments but also talked to her about being in her first year of middle school and being pressured or bullied. It was heartwarming to see a busy physician take the time to address issues that are relevant to my preteen. He explained when his own son was being bullied in school and how they dealt with it.  If you ever get the chance to see Dr. Richard Baker, he is amazing!!! My husband actually went to him as a kid so he's getting up there in age and only works there on a part time basis. He provides a wealth of information and freely discusses homeopathic treatments. When my oldest daughter was an infant with a really bad case of baby acne, every other doctor we saw advised us there was nothing we could do. Dr. Baker advised a vitamin supplement for me to take (since I was breastfeeding) as well as suggesting I use udder balm on her face. Within a week her acne disappeared. I really like this office and the office staff as well. It's also nice to sit in the "well visit" room as opposed to the "sick room" when you're taking your kid in for just a checkup.
4	I love this practice, and they're one of the few places that does actually do simple blood work right in the office.  I can't tell you how silly it is to pack up your child to run to an independent lab to do lab work.  Never grew up that way, so it's completely wacky to me when I have to pack a sick child up to go somewhere else to do lab work.Our pediatrician is Dr. Tacvorian whom is completely old school and I totally appreciate it.  We also had a chance to see Dr. Baker whom is awesome and sat down with us to talk about our child with no regard to time.  I think he spent like 20-30 minutes just chatting on how to take care of him.  A doctor that doesn't watch the clock is a very rare occurrence these days.One of the nurses is awesome (I believe her name is Ina).  Very patient with our son and he never cried with her when doing blood work.   Some of the others are completely impatient and squeeze their little foots until the infants cry out and claim that it's always like that.I'll also say that I'm not sure about the hygiene at this clinic.  They have Purell dispensers but it's hard to tell if people actually use them.  I know that my son had peed on the floor out of fright after having to get his weight checked and we got some paper towels from the CNA, but unsure that it was ever actually cleaned up later that day.  Definitely no one came by with Clorox wipes or anything to wipe after we cleaned it up with the paper towels.Another awesome thing about this clinic though is that they are open 7 days a week and able to accommodate sick children by appointment on the weekends with walk-ins from 7-8AM every day.  Very worth while in that sense.For the most part, the pros outweigh the cons by a lot and thus a 4 star rating from me.
5	Dr Santos is the best, my older boys think he's cool, and my toddler doesnt mind going to the doctor at all, so as far as i'm concerned, thats as good as it gets!   He is very knowledgeable and patient. Excellent bedside manner!   We always feel confident that we are in good hands.  Office staff is just average, the ladies seem busy and arent overly friendly, but adequate.  The wait time has never been ridiculous, an average 10-20 minutes i would say...and being open on the weekends for sick visits??   Just awesome....cause that's always when you NEED to be seen, never fails that its a friday or sat night when they get sick!
1	This is the worst pediatric clinic ever! Dr. Neiman needs to retire. You can tell in your visits that he is completely over it! The nurse Sherry is the worst nurse I have ever dealt with. I personally am a manager at a medical office and if I had a nurse that treats and talks to patients the way she does, she would be unemployed so quick! She has no compassion for our little ones. Also my sons last name changed and it took 3 times for them to get it together and update their records. I am getting two different bills, when I spoke with the billing department they did not show any record of any of my payments made to them. After several phone calls they said it was fixed and I am still getting two different bills. I would save yourself from any problems and just go somewhere else. I probably wouldn't give it even one star
5	I love this doctors office. The staff is always friendly and the doctors are great. The best doctor in my opinion is Dr. Duddy. We have been coming to him for years for both of our children. I'm sure he has hundreds of patients but he always remembers who we are and always treats us like we're family! They have a well room and a sick room so if you're bringing your child in for a well visit you don't have to sit them down with all of the other sick kids.
1	My 1 1/2 year old son, Lorenzo, was in the Freemont office on Durango to see Dr. Shi yesterday and today. Dr. Shi is relatively new to this practice after replacing Dr. McGhee. Now I know why the consummate caring Dr. McGhee left the Freemont group.  Tonight at 8pm, I called and spoke with the after hours service. I asked Maria that the Dr. on call to please give me a call as my son was continuing with the symptoms that he had earlier that day when we were in the office just 4 hour earlier. Maria spoke to Dr. Schnitzler who was on call that evening. Maria spoke with Dr. Schnitzler, who refused to speak with me or call me!  That is a serious issue with me and one that I will be pursuing with the state board.  I will be leaving this practice as the culture and caring quotient has certainly changed.  This is the profession that he chose, I really don't care if my son had a sneeze or the 104 temperature that he had, he should speak with the patient.
5	I am 28 and have been going to Fremont since I was a little girl. I used to see Dr. Baker and now my son sees Dr. Santos. I love the walk in hours and they are great about trying to help if there is an emergency and a same day apt is needed. My son loves Dr Santos. He is very straightforward and super good with the kids. Always on time too, which I can appreciate.
5	This location is awesome, open on Sat & Sun for sick kiddies! Been coming here since 1999, cannot imagine going to any other Pediatrics office. Dr Duddy has always been the best! He never changed, 15 yrs and still the same caring & smart doctor for my kiddos! Love the staff, especially his MA Patty, she is such a wonderful nurse.
