3	Whenever I forget my lunch like today, Brown Bag Deli is usually my first choice for lunch.  The sandwiches are above average quality (Ie. they taste like they have been made today).   My favorite is a roast beef sandwich on wheat bread.  They do have a good selection of sides, which is important to me.  I have type-1 diabetes, so I can choose according to my needs.  They also have catering available.
3	Again, I forgot my lunch today!  When that happens, this is my "go to" place.  I guess that's because it's right across the street from work and it was a crummy day outside.  Otherwise, I would have had a taste for something different.Still, not a bad roast beef sandwich.
3	This place has amazing homemade crab bisque soup! My turkey sandwich was good too. Quick and loved the friendly staff.
3	I know it's been awhile since I'd last reviewed Brown Bag Deli--almost three years in fact.  It used to be my "go to" place when I left my lunch at home.Anyway, Brown Bag Deli has become known for their catering.  We decided to have an employee luncheon today and BBD had the best price.  We did the traditional deli tray, which for $5.50 per person ain't a bad deal.  It included lunch meats. cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, Breadworks' breads, and kosher dill pickles.  Check 'em out if you need catering.
3	I know Brown Bag Deli is an old stand by!  But hey, every so often it's great to have a old reliable close to work, especially if you didn't have time to pack a lunch the night before!I went for the Greek chicken breast wrap and some cole slaw on side.  Just so you know--everthing's ala carte here.  Still, BBD is worth a trip if need a satisfying lunch in hurry!
2	Just got a small, pre-made chicken salad sandwich and a cup of chicken chili from the Fifth Avenue store, and paid over $9. You can get much better quality and value elsewhere in Pittsburgh.
1	Sorry, but I stopped in this morning to get my lunch because I knew I would be too busy to go out for lunch.  Got a Greek Salad.  First of all, there was no lid on the salad, it was wrapped in plastic wrap... What??? Anybody could put anything in there without too much trouble.  Second when I went to eat it, I threw most of it away because the lettuce was brown and/or wilted.  Not going back again.  I didn't spend all that money for garbage.
