5	Well, having been to the Monk's location in downtown Wisconsin Dells, WI and had a good experience, we thought we should try out the newest location closer to us. It was great. The atmosphere was great and enjoyable. The staff were extremely nice in every way. And the food... was just amazing. Some of the burgers are really different, and taste just awesome. The service was also quick, and got our food pretty fast. And the price, just wasn't to bad. We will defiantly going back here again.
3	In the former Applebee's location near the Costco. Interior has a sportsbar feel to it with a UW focus. Good place to go for a greasy burger.
4	Kind of a Madison bar sort of feel, with a college crew as staff.Had a good beer selection, food was limited to burgers and sandwiches. The burgers were very good, the service was prompt without being overbearing. Only downside was that person in our party of three didn't want that sort of food.
3	Went for lunch with my husband.  We split nachos and a delicous pulled pork sandwich.  We really enjoyed the food, and thought it would be a great place to watch a game.  We were not impressed with our server, however, as he was very awkward, just not server material, and kept making comments about my conversation with my husband.  I found this rude and he made us uncomfortable.
3	Thursday night @ 8 o'clock, a piano player started taking requests in the bar.Drank a Fat Tire, although @ $5 for a bottle it seemed a bit pricey.Awesome mushroom & Swiss burger.If I'm back in the area, I'd come back.
5	good sports bar atmosphere - VERY clean - Friendly staff - AMAZING FOOD - recommend the Wild West Burger, which was on of the best burgers I have ever had.  Good daily and weekly specials at $1-2 prices
4	Tried Monk's for the first time the other day. Wasn't really excited about going because it sounded like a very regular sports bar - burgers and fries sort of place. But my mom had a coupon and you know how mom's are when they have coupons. I was actually very surprised. Friendly greeting at the door and sat immediately. Waiter was on friendly and fast. Food was way better than I expected. I had their Cuban Sandwich (El Cubano I think it was called) and it was huge and very yummy. Bread was soft and the pork had great flavor. Got it with the chips which were delicious and not overly greasy which was a huge plus. Mom got a burger and I think my wife got a salad. Both seemed quite happy with the quality and portions. The place was busy - but not overly annoying at all. Very sports bar atmosphere with TVs and such - but it was nice and you could tell they really had things running smooth. I was pleasantly surprised and would go again to try other menu items.
3	We had a party of 13 with reservations for 7pm on a Thursday night. I'm glad I called ahead to be safe, but it wasn't needed. The place wasn't even close to full when we arrived and it was only starting to pick up when we left an hour and a half later.I know it can be difficult to get everything straight with such a large group, but there were a few issues that arose. First, one of my dining buddies was the only person not to receive a water even though the waitress handed waters directly to each person (she didn't just put a bunch down and leave), so she should have noticed she was off one or checked to make sure. Second, the same person also didn't get her order of wine until I stopped our waitress and informed her. Third, my BF ordered fries and got chips. Fourth and last, my burger was supposed to come with BBQ and arrived without sauce.The positive spin on this situation is that there were only four mix ups and they were somewhat minor. The waitresses and manager also made sure to correct the mistake as soon as it was brought to their attention. I can appreciate and respect that. It was a bit annoying, but at least something was done about it as soon as possible.As far as the food, it was OK. I enjoyed the deep fried cheese curds, but be warned that "curds for the whole table" is really more like "curds for 3 people." We had a large table and ended up ordering two baskets of curds and wanting more. I really enjoyed the large, soft pretzel and cheese dip. I also thought the burger I ordered was pretty good. The meat patty wasn't all that interesting, but the jalapeno bacon gave it a nice flavor and the shredded carnitas was surprisingly tasty. I was sad when I requested the missing BBQ sauce, put it on and found it to be ridiculously sweet. It overpowered the burger and could have been left off completely.All in all, I would recommend it for a large group if you're looking for an easy option to please everyone. It was incredibly close to the Fairfield Inn where we stayed, so it's convenient if you're in the area. I might try something else next time, but I wouldn't throw a fit if someone else suggests this place for another group dinner.
3	I've been to Monk's several times, primarily for lunch, and have never sat at the bar until this weekend.  Was pleased to find that Monk's offers a decent tap selection - two Capital offerings, a New Glarus, a Lake Louie, a Leinies, Blue Moon, House of Brews, and Lite.  Not bad for what is essentially a sports restaurant.Plenty of crystal clear TVs in the bar.  And, while I never thought I'd hear myself say this, the televisions may be too large.  There were three or four 55" flat screens hanging side-by-side, all playing different programming, all within 10-12 feet of our seats, which made it very distracting and difficult to focus on a game or program.  (1st world problems... ain't they cruel?)We ordered an appetizer - the braided pretzel, which arrived after just a few minutes.  It was soft, warm, very dense, and pretty decent.  The dipping sauces were solid, and the jalapeno cream cheese dip was a nice addition, even if it was a bit on the mild side.Entrees consisted of a smoked brisket quesadilla (heavy smoke flavor, decent brisket) and a chicken philly sandwich with fries.  The chicken was plentiful, the cheese was perfectly creamy, and the onions/peppers/mushrooms were excellent.  A very decent sammie.  Battered fries sealed the deal.Service was consistently good - we had two different bartenders, and both were friendly, prompt, and professional.Monks = WINFood = 3.25 starsValue = 3 starsService = 4 starsMISC = 3 starsThis is probably a 3.5-star type of place.  The lunches are solid, the service has always been good, and the menu offers a ton of options.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Very friendly servers and fast service. I had the El Cubano sandwich and homemade chips. It was very tasty! On wish my cup of ranch on the side was bigger. Get two right away. I will return!
2	We went for lunch and a drink today so I'm basing this review on today.  The food was not great.  The bartender we had was very slow and seemed a bit out of it. We had to ask 3 times for our drinks.  The 2 guys next to us waited forever for their food. Very disappointing because inn the past we have always had FANTASTIC food & service! Hopefully they will fix the problem because we have really enjoyed Monks in the past.
4	This place is known for it's burgers but the server suggested shrimp tacos as well.  I went with the tacos and it was a fabulous taste when you add guacamole.
3	I have ordered twice from this restaurant through the grubhub delivery service. Their burguers are ok, they are kind of bland for my taste and The texture it's kind of grainy, whenever you chew on them you will find like little balls of fat or something like that. To be honest, I have tried better burguers. Their chips are nice since they keep crunchy for a long time. The only thing I like from there it's the southwestern chk sandwich, it has Cajun spices and the spicy ranch it's good. My boyfriend ordered the AA breakfast sandwich and he did not get the bacon it is supposed to have, I don't like it when they do that at the restaurants, they should try to be more careful in taking a good care of their customers.
4	I had the fish fry with tater tots.  Food was fast, hot and tasty.  It is not a 5 star restaurant but very well run restaurant.
3	There are good things about this place.  It is a great place to watch a game and the staff seems to care.  The menu is good and the food seems flavorful for a bar. My problem with this place is the last few times we have been there, the food is cold coming to my table.  I hate cold food.
3	My husband and I went to Monk's for lunch one day. We have returned a few times since. It is a nice place to have a quick lunch. We usually get good service.
1	Not impressed.  The service was mediocre (we went on a Friday night and they were dead).  I got the baked cod and asked if I could substitute a side salad in place of my potato option and coleslaw that comes with the fish dinner. The server told me I could, but it would be $5.49 extra.... I went and talked to the manager (it's absurd that a plate of lettuce would cost close to six bucks when the fish is already $12)....the manager assured me that they could in fact substitute a side salad and it would be a difference of $2.00.  My husband and 3 kids felt rushed (server probably wanted to be done or was next up to get cut since they were so slow on a Friday night) and none of us thought the food was anything to write home about.
4	We love this place!!! Great beer and speciality drinks to choose from. We enjoy the Wisconsin theme throughout the restaurant, bar, and menu. The menus have a lot of options to pick from. One if my go to favorites is their BBQ Chicken Wrap that's in a spinach wrap. The last time we dined here I upgraded my side to the cheese curds and my boyfriend to the monkey fries, both were amazing. The guys also enjoy their burgers (the black and blue burger and the Bucky badger burger). I did try their BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was not for me and I wouldn't try again. The BBQ sauce wasn't my favorite, it was a little to spicy. I tend to prefer a honey BBQ sauce. But we do love it here and recommend it strongly.
4	Good service and excellent food, even at an off-hour. Comfortable and lots of screens for watching a game or event.
5	Monks makes a top notch fresh and flavorful burger - one of the best in town, and when not over cooked, a very juicy burger. Although the burgers comes with choice of excellent beer battered fries or home made chips, I recommend ordering a-la-carte and sharing a side of the fantastic cheese curds or hand battered onion rings. We recently tried the Monkey Fries and I can recommend these as well but try the cheese curds first. So excellent food, consistently good service, and competitive prices make this a five star spot.
4	Surprisingly good!  I started with a cup of Vietnamese pho, Whig was really delicious, followed by a Cuban sandwich.  The bread was really crispy, the carnitas was juicy and the cheese was Wisconsin Swiss. It was gone before I could say, "go Badgers!"If you're  in the neighborhood and are looking for a quick, delicious lunch- Get In Here!
2	Decent menu, but food wasn't that great. Pears in the pear salad were from a can and the mahi tacos were no good. Monday fries were ok, not fantastic.
3	I've been to Monks a half dozen times now, and each time has been a fairly pleasant experience.  There's no wow factor, but its an upgrade on the usual pub experience for sure.  If Yelp had half stars this would be a 3 and 1/2.The burgers and sandwiches are the big hits on the menu from what I've tasted, specifically the Jalapeno Burger and the Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich.  All the sides and sauces hit a home run, I really enjoy the cheese curds, kettle-style chips, and the pimento cheese sauce.  The BBQ sauce is passable and overall you get extremely generous portions.  In fact, that originally was my only gripe was that the portion sizes are a little out of control, but probably better that you get your money's worth.The bar at the Middleton location is actually one of the better spots for sports in my opinion than other places around.  It's not a huge area, but they have plenty of large TVs that are easy to see, they play the game audio, and I've been in there for some badger games with a good crowd hooting it up.  The bartenders are friendly and social, all the times I've been they've given positive recommendations instead of just listing off the menu when asked.Prices are a little steeper than your average pub or restaurant, with burgers being about $11 and specials in the $14-20 range.  I think the premium is mostly justified by their above average taste, but its certainly borderline with other places I like better for a similar price.Monks is certainly worth trying, if you like a good burger and want to relax and watch a game, this is a good place to do so.
4	If you are hoping to cheer on your Badgers in style come on in to Monk's! The place is decked out in Badgers and college football decor and there are tons of TVs making anywhere you sit a perfect spot. The bartenders are super awesome and will use thier Wisconsonian lingo to get you to keep buying local beers such as New Glarus all night. You Bet'cha!Something else super cool is that every time the Badgers score a touchdown they rock "Jump Around" through the speakers and hand out red jello shots to make everyone feel like they are in college again.This is a great place to go if you want to be able to actually talk to who you are with during the game as well. ;)
3	If you're staying at the Courtyard Marriott in Middleton without a car, you don't have too many options. My coworker and I decided to eat at his place because it was walking distance from the hotel. Also, it was reasonably prices. We arrived around 9pm on a week night, so the place was pretty quiet. There were maybe 2 other occupied tables. Once you walk in, there's a big bar in the middle of the room. The place is pretty big so it can accommodate big parties. I ordered their cheese curds, buffalo wings, and half baby back ribs. My coworker ordered a steak. The cheese curds were decent, I didn't find them to be great. My other reviews show that my favorite is still at the Old Fashioned and Craftsman. The buffalo wings and baby back ribs were also decent. The baby back ribs came with potatoes, but I opted not to have them and the waiter took off $3. For a local place like this, I'd have to give them props because my expectations weren't too high. My coworker enjoyed her steak, but she said it was warm..not sizzling hot. Overall, I enjoyed the meal and it kept me full. The service here was great. There were only two employees working that night, but they were both very helpful by making recommendations. They also dropped by many times to give us plates and refill our drinks. If I return to Middleton, this is not a place I'd point to first , but if I need some quick and filling then I wouldn't mind returning.
2	Positives: the bartender was nice and they have tons of TVs. They play GREAT music. Negatives: cheese curds had little to no taste. Our server disappeared and never said a thing to us (thats how I know the bartender was nice, he ended up serving us). The Mikes Hard Lemonade that I ordered was expired and $5 (wtf, thats a little steep). The prices are way too high for the quality of food. My husband and I both got sick after eating here. I would be totally fine with my life if I never ate here again.
3	I like this place a lot, good food, good service. Only thing I do not like at ALL, is the fact that they allow minors to be seated in the bar area. There is a restaurant portion with plenty of seating too. Really kills the vibe!
3	I have no complaints ( or raves) after numerous visits to this location as it's close to our house. It's another great sports bar but I would skip the dining room. Decent tap beer selection and they usually run some good specials especially for games.  Food is great bar food and even the salad was good.On a service note, we were just here the Tuesday before Christmas and the bartender was pretty rude and clearly wanted to leave and booted us out before close because we were the last table there...kind of a bummer.
