1	Horrible. Its in between an empty rental space and a smog'n'lube?! wtf? Anyways, this particular location is busy for some strange reason. I guess people dont have better things to do than wait on stylists who take they're sweet ass time in between clients and entering info on the computer. I know you gotta do what you gotta do... but christ you got a full waiting area, step it up and take your time later in the day when its slower. Todays saturday, I dont want to have to sit around theyre all day long to get a cut, its not how I like to spend my days off. When someone walks in let them know, theyre are two people ahead of you it will be about this long. Because if you dont as in my case you will get front loaded by someone else. BTW I LOVE Sports Clips and just shoulda stuck to my girls on Durango. Serves me right for going to the closer one to save some gas.
4	For the price and the package it is worth it. I noticed high end well to do guys in there smiling and happy with their cut. My head is so fresh and so clean. This is not a bad place at all. The women were not fine by any means but they were good at their jobs and that was cutting hair so WTF to the douche that gave em shitty reviews.
4	Been getting haircuts here since 2005.  Good quality cut every time.  Steph is a great professional hair stylist.Add to that TV screens all over the place with some ESPN around the clock.  How can you go wrong for $17 bucks?
4	I used to get my hair cut from the coolest lady. She worked right across from my old work and it was convenient as hell. Then she moved to clear across town in Northern Las Vegas. It became too much of  a hassle to drive just for a 15 minute haircut. I hate trying to find a new person to cut my hair. It's not that I'm some prima donna or something, I just like having some consistency that I can rely on. So I tried this place with some hesitation. I don't like how you can't make appointments. That's the sole reason for losing a star. You can however write the name of the stylist you prefer. If you go here, ask for Katrina. Unless I'm waiting, then you can pick someone else. lol. But, she's awesome, for a Cowboys fan. They have TV's all over with ESPN, and the girls have referee styled shirts. Honestly, how can you go wrong there? Plus, they offer a bomb MVP package that includes a hot (amazingly scented) towel on your face while you get shampooed, and a quick little massage with an electronic massager thing. (No not that massager thing, get your head out of the gutter). Give em a shot, they are reasonably priced and very friendly.
5	I've been coming here for about 3 years and I absolutely love it. I feel like i've become friends with Katrina and Steph. They're great and always treat me right. I recently tried American Male and hated it. Super expensive and the chicks just flirt with you and try to upsell you. I felt like I was at a strip club. Katrina and Steph will always have my business and I often reccomend them to friends.
