4	I popped into La Mirage today to try them out. Their lunch specials are very reasonable. For $5.99, you can choose any sandwich (served on a pita), choose soup or salad and get a fountain drink included.I ordered up the potato and vegetable sandwich with house salad and an iced tea. The meal also came served with a basket of cut pita bread and some cabbage soaked in some type of yellow oil or sauce. The green house salad was very tasty. Good dressing with a good amount of herbs & spices mixed in. It would have been nice if it had feta on it too, but I can't really complain due to the awesome lunch special price.The sandwich was good, but it was a little dry. Luckily, my very friendly server brought me out a side of tahini sauce at my request. So if you're going to order up one of their "dry" sandwiches, ask for a side of some sauce or dressing too.One thing that really surprised me is that they don't make or even carry any tzatziki sauce! Seriously?  A Mediterranean spot with no tzatziki? Yep. I overlooked this one small flaw due to their tasty food and their awesome lunch special deals. I'll be back to try some of their other stuff.
4	La Mirage Mediterranean occupies a wierd pad in NoPho's Bell Canyon Pavillions Shoppping Center, at I-17 north of Bell -- the room's kind of shaped like a big wedge of cheese.  But it's fresh and tidy inside, with twangy M.E. music and an owner-looking guy with slicked back hair sitting in a back office while a couple of women were out front serving customers.  Compared with other M.E. places I've been, the food was really good, but a good , tasty, quality stand-ard, not stand-out.  Considering that other nearby choices start with "Native New...",   "Hometown...",   "Apple...",   "Hoot...", et al., this is really a great option to have available.I also had the Lunch Special::: sammie, side, and drink for $5.99.  You choose any pita-wrapped sandwich, from among about a dozen different meaty or veggie selections, including chicken or beef shawarma, tika, kabob, falafel, hummous, etc.  You can have a soup, house salad or fries, or for a $buck extra get a Tabhouli Salad, that I found really tasty, lemony and not too oily, larger than expected, with lots of tomato bits mixed in, and bulgar wheat bits that were closer to soggy grape nuts than chewy couscous.  After a few initial weird bites, I eventually decided the texture was really nice, and I'm a fan of it now, over the more common pasta-y bits.  Mixed it into my Falafel sandwich, which was really good, but not the best I've had, just really good (there will never be another *ORIGINAL* Yusef's, which is my gold standard, well, really they were green!)They have a stage and do entertainment here as well, with a website to consult for special event dates.  I've driven past this place pretty late on a Saturday and seen it hopping.  For some reason they have a DJ'd Latin Dance night once a week, I think every Tuesday.(?!?) Overall really nice place I'll be back to, for sure.  Maybe not for the live music, but mos def for the awesome Lunch Special.
3	Well, I've tried to eat lunch here several times since my last review, but they've been closed every time.DarenC and I tried to meet once, and he found out they only open for dinner most days, with Saturday being the only real lunchtime hours available.This, despite the fact that the nearby shopping center entrances are graced with half a dozen peices of large, colourful signage advertising their lunch specials!The food was good, but I can't get at it.
4	The dining gods were kind today, At lunchtime they led us to La Mirage, a Mediterranean restaurant in the almost deserted Bell Canyon Shopping Center near Rt. 17. On entering, you're in for a surprise - a stage set up for musical entertainment, a dance floor, catering style cloth-covered dining tables with upholstered barrel chairs on wheels. And not a customer in sight.The extensive menu is a combination of familiar Greek dishes, more exotic Lebanese ones, and a great many dishes I had never heard of (which made me very happy). The owner is Arab, so perhaps that's what these dishes are. There are many combination plates and family platters. You can even get a whole lamb with rice (called Quzy) for $225.We ordered the deluxe appetizer platter ($13.95) which came with stuffed grape leaves (served hot), falafel, a large plate of hummus, and fattoush, a salad with pieces of fried pita bread. This was more than enough for a meal, but we had also ordered an entree ofShish Kafta ($13.95), skewered ground beef with onions and parsley. The two skewers were accompanied by a mound of fluffy rice and a pile of raw chopped onions coated with sumac, a spice not used enough in restaurants in the U.S. A bowl of lentil soup came with the entree, and it was delicious, as were all the various dishes. Our very nice waitress also supplied us with a bowl of curry potato stew because the sauce goes well on the rice.Here's a list of some of appetizers and entrees. I hope it whets your appetite and curiosity: Quail, Foul Mdmass, Bajilla, Kibbe done three ways, lamb chops, kabobs and shawarma, chicken cream chops,ghallaba, lablabee, fruit smoothies.If you go to the website you can check out La Mirage's menu, and also their entertainment schedule. There are card games on Sunday and Wednesday evenings, belly dancing on Saturdays, and Latin and Salsa dancing on Thursdays.This is another place that's barely managing to hang on. So if you feel like having a Middle Eastern meal, safe or adventurous, please give them a try.
