4	As a brand new restaurant at a brand new casino, they did an "ok" job. The restaurant itself is attractive, dark inside with a lot of red accents, looks sort of like Tao inside. Comfortable fixtures and groovy serve ware. Chinese food just seems so much better when it comes on square plates! The food was pretty good as well... most everything that was ordered tasted good.. For a party of 5 we ordered a bunch of dim sum items which were all very tasty, chinese doughnuts, some fried rice and pho. The big mistake for the group was the pho noodles. Pho needs to be greasy and ghetto, the pho here is upscale and rather un-ghetto. The mango pudding dessert was excellent. The service was obviously new as they forgot a few items, but give them a little bit of time and they'll get it together. I'd go back~!---------------+------------------2/17/08 editSo I went back for more. Much improved. Enough to earn the 4th star. Service was excellent this time around and the food was consistent. Nice job
4	We ate here after the late show of Le Reve and I really enjoyed the food.  First, there are not many restaurants, other than the cafes, open after 11pm.  Jade was more than happy to seat us and we proceeded to order 4 different courses that we shared.  Each one was very tasty and I probably have to say that the black been and beef noodles were the best by far that I have tried in a long time.  The decor is calming with dark red walls and the wait staff was good.  While we were dining there was another customer who walked in, a bit drunk, and proceeded to yell at the waiter and then manager about wanting something unique from the kitchen, that was not on their menu.  Even though she made quite the scene, the staff handled the situation well.  All in all I was impressed and would definitely return.
4	I really like Jade.  I wouldn't say it's *traditional* dim sum as there are no carts or hard sales on curious looking dumplings - but the dim sum I did order was good.  The crazy thing about Jade is that it's not just Chinese food - they have about every kind of asian food you would like: Chinese, Sushi, Thai - you name it, it's on the menu.  I had a good meal, would have been better had the family at the table next door not decided it was a good idea to change their baby on the bench at their table.  For those of you who think it's cool to change your baby anywhere you are - think again.  It's rude, disgusting and tacky.  Poor baby...
3	$16 for a bowl of pho?  are you kidding me?$14 for a bowl of wonton noodle soup?  (insert another angry comment)$15 for a bowl of beef noodle soup?someone take me back to monterey park. hacienda heights. roland heights. where i can get all of the above for less that $15, together.dim sums are whatever.  seating was easy at 1pm on a saturday (hmm...)besides the ridonkulus prices, the won ton soup, pho, szechuan beef noodles were all packed with MSG.  but being drunk and hungover makes it all better, i guess.  the dim sum was below par, the service was good and the decor was beautiful and flashy, like all things vegas... on the surface.
4	Note to self:  find out if the real way to have dim sum is via the menu, or via cartsAt Jade...dim sum is ordered through the menu.  I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about this place, when a friend suggested it.  However, it was really good!  My cousin and I shared the fried rice, and the chicken dumpling noodle soup.  We all shared some bao, and sio mai (sp?).  I don't know if it was because I was starving, or if it was the food, but that was the best chinese food I've had in a while.  Reservations are probably best with them, as it does get crowded.The service?  Well...it's typical.  It wouldn't be authentic, if it were otherwise, right?
1	This place was not very good. It was between here and Tao, & figured since it was in the Palazzo, must be decent & wanted to maybe find a diamond in the rough....didn't happen.Do Not get the Pho (my mistake in the first place, I had a craving). My girlfriend got the Hong Kong Style Noodles which were so-so, but we could've gone to a cheap Chinese restaurant and gotten so much better. This place is a Chinese restaurant w/ less than desireable food for ten times the price. O, & they try to throw some Vietnamese and a few other asian dishes in the mix...my advice: find what you're good at, & stick to that.Forgot to mention how the service was awful, slow yet impatient, & unpleasant. The large group of asian guys at the table next to us were unhappy as well. I heard them telling the waiter/waitress she got the order wrong, didn't bring out everything they had ordered, brought out wrong dishes, got the bill wrong etc.Not worth it.
2	We had the prix fixe menu that was complimentary for my friends bday. This is some really Americanized Chinese food, which is fine if it tasted good, but extures and flavors were not good at all. The sake was was pretty cheap compared to the prices of the food. Maybe the a la carte items are better, who knows. Service was good, very attentive. The place looks nice but kind of too sterile, not much character or charm. It was dead when we were there for dinner and too quiet. I won't be back to this joint.
3	It seems that this place is open again!Noodles with beef and fried rice, can't go wrong.Nice decor, decent food and prices.Perfect for a quick bite in between parties or getting ready to go back home.Cheers!
