4	We have been patrons of Pet Club for quite some time. If I'm in a pinch, I'll suck it up and head to Petsmart...but this store is worth the trip when I need to make my big purchases. Being that both of our pets are on a holistic and grain-free diet, Pet Club is an obvious choice for their food needs. They carry a wide variety of foods that are difficult to find in the big chains. At the risk of sounds like a pet-owning snob, I appreciate that these stores carry plenty of foods that don't include the yucky stuff most people don't want to know is in their pet's food. The employees are knowledgeable about the products they carry and the items are reasonably priced.
4	We have been buying here for about a year. The price on the particular food I get is good and I have had nothing but good service when I needed it.I do agree with the other reviews that the highs cool type staff can be off putting but whenever I have needed help they have not let me down.The second and fourth Monday clinic that comesby here has saved us s lot in vaccination fees.The selection is good and most often the inventory issues are supply related.
5	Friendly staff, always eager to help. Great prices on Natural Balance (much cheaper than Petsmart or Petco). Frequent buyer program (this might only be for the type of food that I buy, not sure) so you get your 10th bag of food free (or maybe it's the 11th one you get for free?)...no time restrictions so I'm still working towards my free bag.
5	Pet Club is great. I go here to buy dog food but always seem to be walking out with something else (bones, a bed, toys). There's not too much I can say about this place - it's your typical pet store. But I always get really friendly service, they have decent prices, and you'll find pretty much everything you need here. If you're looking for a pet store in the area outside of your PetSmart, I definitely recommend Pet Club.
3	I get disappointed that I can shop at a location for more than a year and purchase much larger quantities of food than the average shopper and I still encounter an attitude.Food prices are reasonable and really, that's all I typically need there.Most of the staff is helpful.I wish they would stock the ProPlan by Purina since it is a product my dogs have done well on a good portion of their life.Unfortunately I have to go to the big PeTA backed pet store to pick it up most of the time.
4	Recently, I started shopping here. My Shiba Inu puppy was having a stomach issue with his food that I was buying at a different store. When I called in and explained the issue, the young guy who helped me was really helpful and suggested I try some things and come on in to the store. I arrived later that day and talked to two associates. They were helpful and eager to get my dog feeling better. They had lots of suggestions and told me helpful tips, like the rewards program. I bought some food, per their suggestion, and my dog was better in 24 hours or so. GREAT HELP! I will be buying food here for both of my dogs and my cat in the future.I also think their prices are pretty fair. While I was there, I spied a "smart" dog toy that I looked at online. It was 10 bucks online, new and their store had the same price. The "big" pet stores sell them for 19 bucks. I bought the toy and also a simple dog nail clipper. 12 bucks at the other stores, 8 dollars here. Works great, gets the job done. Good price. Also, here you get a free bag of your dog food after buying a certain amount (10 bags, I think). The big stores don't do that. Even if the food is 2 dollars more expensive, you get it back easily. Thanks for being in my neighborhood guys! I'll be recommending you!
4	Love Pet Club! We have bought a lot of our dog supplies here, but their real claim to fame is their selection and price for food... Especially if you're looking for the healthier or restricted diet foods. We compared prices with Petsmart across the street and the food was like $10 cheaper at Pet Club. No joke. Their other items like toys and beds are good, but you may be able to find them cheaper online for certain items. We will continue to buy our dog food here though! : )
4	Nothing but good experience with this location. I buy a high end, no grain food for the pups and I've found the price very reasonable. Unlike the Gilbert location, Tempe told me about the suppliers' buy 12 bags and get the next one free. I found the employees here to be kind and enthusiastic. I'm grateful for the competitively priced premium food available in the neighborhood.
4	In terms of pet supply quality (For dogs and cats), I'd rate Pet Club as better than PetSmart, but not as good as Sunflower Pet Supply.  They have more of the high-quality dog and cat foods and treats for your furry friend, and a small section for small animals (Hamsters, guinea pigs, bunnies).  I would have to say though, they are mainly geared towards dog and cat stuff, so if you are shopping for your little bunny or guinea pig I'd probably go to PetSmart.  I went here in search of Yesterday's News litter, and while they did not have it, they had a similar newspaper pellet litter for a decent price.  Service was cheerful and friendly, and the employees will gladly help you with carrying any heavy goods you buy.
2	I recently went here for the first time last week with my new dog. Nothing special, same items as any old PetSmart or PetCo, they carry both holistic food and the poison grocery store food as well. The female cashier was not very impressive, looked as though she didn't shower that day...very unkempt...not friendly.. "hello" as people walked in but with no personality. A man in front of me said he had purchased a bag of biscuits but they were stale, had his receipt and asked if he could grab another. Instead of tactfully saying "of course" and taking back the bag they would get credit for anyways, the girl sort of gave him a hassle and was unfriendly. BAD for business to act that way. Hire people who care, not local highschool kids who don't give a damn.
5	Wow!  Like tonights staff.  Courteous, polite, and very helpful.
4	I like this place.  I have two Great Danes, both on different foods so it is nice to know that I can come here and get both kinds without having to make separate trips.  It is typically cheaper here as well than other major chains.  The staff at this location is always friendly and helpful as well.  I recommend stopping in and checking this place out if you haven't already.
4	Awesome workers who actually know what they are talking about. I can't wait to return. Upon asking an employee which wet food is the best for my cat, we got into a discussion about how raw food is actually better for her. I knew that but it was refreshing to actually have a conversation with an employee who takes an interest and actually has knowledge about such things. He pointed me to a bestseller in the store that they have gotten great feedback about. I actually came here for Vibactra which they actually had ($28.99 if anybody needs to know), it is an all natural, powerful antibiotic, anti-parasitic for animals. They have a large selection of raw dog and cat food, including freezers full of what I can only assume are organic meats and bones. If you like bling for your pet, they have rhinestone collars for reasonable prices~8.99 and up. They have bakery treats for your dog although I could not confirm where they receive their baked goods from. Overall, based on their many holistic products and great customer service, I would gladly visit this location again.
2	I stopped by here because of the good reviews.. "Meh"...is my overall review. 1) No one asked to help me find the food I was looking for. 2) the cashier didn't even tell me about the food club until I asked her about itWill I come back? Probably not. I'll stick to Wag n Wash, they're actually nice and helpful there.
5	I'm in the process of preparing my place for a new puppy and went into this store with a ton of questions. Not only was the staff very knowledgable on the products they carried, but also helped me work within my budget.The staff was not only knowledgable, but very personable and courteous. I wasn't treated like a noob or ridiculed for saying the wrong thing. The prices seemed reasonable, especially for the quality of product. I feel much more prepared and will definitely be returning to this location again!
5	These employees were SO helpful! they helped me pick out a food that would be good for my new puppies-then even carried it to my car! I went for just food and ended up with a dog bed and toy too (they have awesome sales)! the associate even told me if the food didn't work I could bring it back for a full refund (as long as it was half full or more!) Also, once you buy twelve bags of food you get the thirteenth for free! will never return to petco/petclub again! this is my new place:)
4	The staff is very help and willing to help you talk through any issue you are having with your pet's food. I have a small dog with some allergy issues and we have gone through a lot of food to find one that works for her.  Their return policy is awesome and are not grumpy when you need to make a return. I will continue to,shop here!
5	I love pet club! It's a small and quaint pet store. Staff is always very helpful! I like that they give info on adoptions and immunizations as well!
1	I have been to 3 different stores in the valley, including both of the Tempe Stores. I have had nothing but great service and people going above and beyond to help out. Yesterday I visited the McClintock store around 4:30pm and asked about the larger can of Earthborn Chicken formula cat food as it was out. I asked if they were still out (from last visit) and he said, 'Well that product goes fast".  He was a little short and rude for no reason. They have never been out of it before these past 2 months so I don't know why all of a sudden they are out now and why he was rude about it. This store is the most convenient but I have not been able to purchase that product the last two times. Hopefully that will change.
3	A standard Petco, this shop has most of your pet's needs. They have a wide selection of supplies to choose from. But they are just a bit on the messy side especially during weekends. It gets crowded and there are lines to pay, but it tends to move pretty fast.
4	Aside from customer service, I really do love Pet Club. They have a lot of natural foods and treats you may have a difficult time finding elsewhere. It is a little pricy but you get what you pay for. This is why I'm giving four stars instead of one. This is the first experience I've had trouble here, however I don't believe I'll be back at this location. Super annoyed. This experience happened today 9/26 at around 2:15. I'd first like to mention that Logan was wonderful. Very friendly and helpful. Her manager however is a piece of work. Instead of admitting that he did not follow through with ordering a large bag of rabbit formula for me as they kindly do he not only threw his lovely employee, Logan under the bus (IN FRONT OF HER AND OTHERS), he then told me that there is a shortage on rabbits. Seriously? We all know how quickly they procreate. He then lead me to another brand of rabbit formula which was $30 more than the brand I was hoping for. Come on guy. He was hardly helpful and left Logan at the front calling another store for what I was looking for after telling her she's not on her game. The outcome? They had it and had no idea what he was talking about. Crazy unprofessional. I've worked for people like him and it's just not right. Own up to a silly mistake buddy... I wonder how many people you've undermined for your own well being.
1	I have never purchased anything from this store simply because each time I go to purchase something, I end up putting it back, leaving the store upset, and going over to petsmart. This place has the worst customer service I've had at any type of business. Ever. Save yourself the frustration.
