5	This Sushi Bar is incredible.  The main reason I love this place is because it has so much more on the menu than sushi.  I myself LOVE sushi, but some of the people we eat out with do not.  This place has Incredible food of all origins.  The Chicken Quesadilla and Nachos are both delicious!  Chicken Teriyaki bowl is outstanding, and the prices are very affordable. Especially when you compare them to overpriced mediocre Scottsdale sushi bars.  The Sushi is out of this world and super fresh.  This is such a great addition to the city of Gilbert.  Go check it out and write a review.  I'm sure it will be a great one.Even if you want just a burger... They got em.  I speak from experience when I say they are top notch! I recommend the Nachos, Honey-Hot Wings, and the Philly Roll.*Downside Alert*There isn't much of a desert menu.  I think I saw deep fried Bananas, and birthday cake.  yes you read right BIRTHDAY CAKE! I got a kick out of it.*Final Say*Bring your appetite!***"Oops I Forgot To Mention" Section***They have tons of big screen TVs for Sports. Also, each individual booth has there own audio panel so you can select which TV you want to listen to at your booth.
5	Take your Toyota Tacoma and deck it out with Chevy accessories!  That's pretty much what happened here.  All kinds of sushi, look for the chef's specials, at a very decent price.  Now, don't forget to order hot wings or  nachos.  While you eat, go watch 7 different games simultaneously.  While you do all that, go ahead and drop a few sake bombs!!  Every time I visit my girlfriend, we usually end up here!
5	I just moved from California to Gilbert, Arizona and I was trying to find a good sushi place near my house.  I have to tell you, it is not bad.  I am really skeptical about all-you-can-eat sushi bars, but this was different.  I am use to buffet style of sushi where it has been left out for a while.  Not KC's Sushi.  The sushi is fresh and for the price it is not bad.  When I drove up to the restaurant, I thought it went out of business or something because all I saw were advertisements painted on the windows. It looked like a dive.  I walk in, and the service was very nice.  I sat at the sushi bar and asked if it was all-you-can-eat, and the chef said "yes".  It was $18.95 and you had to select the sushi rolls or pieces on a piece of paper.  For the price, very good service, and it was served fresh.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves sushi.
1	My husband and I went here for the first time tonight we are sushi  fans and have eaten at a boatload of places. We were impressed with the stadium seating style. There were 6 huge tv's above the front  bar - each showing a different channel. Each booth had a separate sound speaker so you could listen to the program of your choice. Cool right? We reviewed the menu and decided on the all you can eat sushi for 18.95. Strangely enough - there was no description of what ingredients were used in each roll. Hmm, ok . Well we decided on a few rolls - not knowing what they were - dragon roll? sunset roll? Should we just pick the most expensive ones and hope for the best? Our order came out and it was plentiful. Two huge plates of sushi. I was so excited and  dug right in. The first bite was unfortunate as I believe the sushi might have been bad. My stomach will probably let me know later. It just didn't taste right - sour, old, something was off. I thought i was being picky so I had another. Same odd taste again! I smelled it and not the right smell either. I am really hoping that it was an error in my judgment. What really bothered me was the rolls. Inside each of the rolls was this Costco-style, fake crab stuffing. Each roll had a ton of rice, fake crab/mayo stuff, and a little fish. We were so bummed and reluctantly finished our plates and made a dash for the door. $40 bucks not well spent here - oh well.
2	For all-you-can-eat sushi I'm not expecting the world. After all it is only $18.95 and that's a great deal. However there's only one thing I ask from any sushi establishment and that is for the fish to taste good. And I'm sorry but the fish was not great, or good, it was rather mediocre to sub par. I'm really surprised to see all 5 star reviews because it was not good. I love fish, I effing love it. If I could marry it I would. I'd make sweet love to it every night, seriously. ;-) This is not the best fish in the valley, not even close. I wouldn't even give it a second date. The spicy tuna roll tasted off. The albacore tuna had a very weird consistency. There was a grittiness to the fish I've never experienced before. The sunset roll I thought was great though. The service was good. Our waitress was very nice and prompt. However it took 20 minutes to get each order of fish. I don't totally blame them, it was busy with people watching baseball but still, there was only one chef for an entire restaurant on game night. Overall, I don't even think it's worth the $18.95 for all-you-can-eat. I'd rather pay a little extra and get less at a great sushi restaurant.
2	Judging by the 5-star reviews this place has I can come to only 1 conclusion.... the people reviewing this place have NO concept of good sushi.I've been here a few times, most recently for the $18.95 All-You-Can-Eat sushi deal.  The AYCE deal is a rip off.  They only let you order 3 items at a time, have a very limited menu to choose from, take 20-25mins between orders, and they physically make the sushi different.... meaning when they fill an AYCE order they give you a huge lump of rice topped with a razor thin slice of fish.  When you order from the non AYCE menu they serve a proper nigiri.  Bullshit.Non-AYCE speaking their food is nothing to get excited about.... their rolls are sloppy and are boring.  The fish is not that good and frankly didn't taste of superior quality.  The atmosphere is loud, bright, and full of televisions.If you have never left Gilbert and think Safeway has "bomb sushi", well you will be in heaven here.... otherwise you would be well advised to seek sushi somewhere else.
1	Don't.... just don't.  Sushi is terrible.  The rice is hard and the fish is not fresh.  On top of it all the services sucks.  I would eat supermarket sushi over the place.  I would probably say that this is the worst sushi I have ever had and I eat sushi more than once a week.  I find myself wondering what the hell the people who gave this a five were thinking.
3	The sushi was...ok. Not terrible, just ok. One or two steps up from Chinese buffet sushi.The atmosphere was... a dark bar. Kinda weird.And the place serves fries and other bar food. Somehow, these things just don't seem to mix.
