2	My girlfriend and I went here to check it out for their grand opening and wine tasting. As we walked in the door no one even seemed to notice that we had come in. It seemed a little unorganized, but we tried a few wines. They were nothing I would ever want to buy, most of them were combinations of different fruits such as kiwi, melon and blueberry. They were very sweet. There was only one red available for tasting and it was nothing to write home about.The owners were very nice, however they seemed to lack the knowledge expected of someone who owns a winemaking store. The owner, Al, mispronounced several types of wine and was unable to answer a few of our questions. We also tried the beer, they only had their White and Blonde beers "ready" however he told us they were meant to sit for 2 weeks and they had only let these sit for 3 days and that was obvious. The beers had very little carbonation, and tasted more like hop flavored water. Al did get us a sample of their Stout which was sent from the branches on the East Coast and was allowed to sit for the proper amount of time. After all of the wine and beer we had already sampled I was quite impressed with this. It tasted like a craft beer I would get at a bar, it had a nice creamy texture, a decent head, and chocolatey aroma. The store looks great and the company is a great idea, I just feel the owners need to spend a little more time figuring out their products, and I really don't think they should be using the wines they did or their unfinished beer to draw in new customers. Seems like a fun experience, but for the quality of wine it was way overpriced.
4	Not only does the place feature the ability and experience of making your own wine, but the place also sells all products and equipment for the home brewer too. The staff has always been fabulous to me and offer great advice in case I've got a question about a certain process. I've also gone to one of their sangria challenge nights, quite a fun experience where you'll get to make a jug of sangria with some strangers and then sample each team's to judge on different factors.Such a great add to the heart of Scottsdale!
3	Wine-making package gift for Valentine's Day and we FINALLY used it!  It was interesting to learn the steps as we went through them. The Sunday Staff is super fun and friendly.It's a casual service environment but I prefer that to having someone hover over me like a pretentious vulture!  BEST PART?  we had scheduled dates to do each step.  We got to design our own label which was a hoot and...........Christmas Gifts are bottled, capped and in the closet maturing (more than you can say for us!!)
5	We had a great experience at Vintner's Circle Scottsdale.  We made two batches.  It was a fun experience to make our own wine from start to finish!  Having a place where they have all the supplies for you and to take care of the wine is beneficial. All our friends and family have enjoyed our final products. Cannot wait to make another batch!
4	We totally enjoyed the experience we actually just happened upon when we went to a business next door. We tasted the wine then Sara filled us in on the way things work and we were off to the races making wine! We just bottled batch number one and now making a port. We encourage people to check it out it is really fun and a nice couple activity. Oh yeah having a few cases of wine at the end is a nice perk too!
5	We had so much fun here! I don't know what people are complaining about,  it was not disorganized, it was fun and casual.My BIL set it up for my sister and we loved it! Desirae (hope that is spelled right?) was fantastic and we had so much fun with her!  She answered all of my questions and was fun and interesting. I would love to Come back here!
