5	They have always had fresh and delicious veggies and fruits. I am so happy that they are now reopened for the 2012 season. Great job guy's and keep up the good work.
5	Located just off of Old Monroe Rd, adjacent to the Rock Store BBQ, is my idea of the perfect produce stand.  Beautiful, fresh produce, local and well-priced (and clearly priced).  Mom and I stopped today before the storms and got three grocery bags full of different items for $25, including some of the biggest, juiciest blackberries that I think I have ever had.  I appreciated that they had local honey in small containers - I only use a couple of teaspoons a week, so the small container for $4 from Waxhaw was perfect.  Tomatoes, corn, all shades of peppers, jalapenos, melons, peaches, nectarines, bananas, mushrooms, lettuces, NC sweet potatoes, several varieties of potatoes, okra, beans, oh my - so many thing to choose from.  Friendly, helpful staff.  Get there early for best choice and best parking.  This market is a bit of a hike from me, but they have another stand that I stopped at on the way home to check for figs at the Shell station at the corner of Providence and Ballantyne Commons Pkwy.  I will return if for nothing other than the blackberries - amazing.
5	This place is amazing, as are all of their other locations.. ( I believe 5 now!)Everything is always top notch quality, they emphasize on local produce which I love because I make all my own homemade baby food. I try to use local products at least 90% of the time.....my baby eats seasonally, lol. Other than banana's of course....but of course if I grow some....I digressThey always have specials, especially on holidays. They have blowout sales ( got pint of organic strawberries for $0.99) and of course my absolute favorite, the honey crisp apples!! Staff is always super friendly, and very helpful, willing to answer any questions, even when there is a full line. You can tell they were trained to take care of the customer and that is rare nowadays. Thanks Providence Produce, you have earned lifelong customers!
