1	The first attempt to try the all you can eat chicken wings did not go well. The restaurant smelled like nasty sewer! I asked the lady why does the place smell like this. She commented that they did some drainage and the sewer is unfortunately located in front of the restaurant... Literally in front of the entrance. At that time, I had to leave and did not try the wings because I could not stand the rancid aroma of the sewer! Today, I gave them a chance and figured that it would be okay since it has been weeks from my last attempt. All you can eat wings is about $13 and they serve you 10 wings first and you can order more at 5 at a time. One thing I hate about chicken wings if it's breaded and it sure was. It was greasy and I still ate it. I asked for my next 5 wings to be plain with no breading, had several hairs on the wings and it tasted unlikely. The hot sauce was watery and not like any others.I managed to eat 1 1/2 more and left like a speeding bullet with just one thing on my mind.... Buffalo wild wings .48 cents Tuesdays! So now I'm at buffalo wild wings to satisfy my craving and with a lot of regrets from chicken bonz!
2	what a disappointment, i didn't want to risk the AYCE so i decided to go with a combo meal.  6 wings, fries and a drink for 7.95 plus extra for ranch.  As soon as they charged extra for ranch i should have known.  The wings were big, but nothing special at all.  i had the parm garlic wings and it was just wings with parmesan cheese sprinkled on it. my friend had hot bbq and the sauce was nothing memorable.i would recommend wingstop of buffalo wild wings for sure over this place.
5	After hitting up the chicken Bonz in Henderson and eating some great wings but dealing with slow service and a tiny dining area despite the reviews of the Decatur location we decided to try it. I could not disagree more with the previous reviews of this location. The chicken was hot and finger lickin good. You would get down to your last few wings in your basket and the young lady working the counter was already asking what flavor you wanted made next.  In back they must have a Super duper quick fryer or something because it was right after my wings were gone that i had a new basket hot and ready to be devoured sitting in front of me. The dining area is sprawling and never packed and  a lot more comfortable then its Henderson counterpart. If you are in the mood for Chicken wings the size of softballs and as many of them as you can handle this is the place to be. If you are what you eat I have decided I am a left chicken wing covered in Damn Hot sauce... Take the trip and try the wings, you wont regret it!!
2	I tried 3 different things on the menu to try their range.First, the chili cheese fries were awesome.  They are the only thing that might redeem this place.I tried their cheeseburger.  Eh, it's okay.  About as good as you can expect for a place that specializes in chicken.Last, I tried their boneless chicken.  Chicken fingers that are overcooked, dry, and have thick breading that is tasteless.I tried 3 sauces: sweet chili, ranch, and bleu cheese.  Seriously, the bleu cheese tastes like mayo (and nothing like bleu cheese), the ranch tastes like cole slaw (and nothing like ranch), and I couldn't stomach the sweet chili after smelling the rancid sauce.I think I'll go back to get some chili cheese fries on my way to Farmer Bros or KFC.
3	SO after passing by this place several times, we decided to check it out. If you order the boneless chicken, a 10 piece should feed a family of three or even four if you order it with a large french fries. Theres really nothing special about this place. We had the garlic chili sauce with ours. They give you two little containers with every order of 10. The fries were really salty. Service was fast and sweet tea was really good. I dont think I would go there again. It didnt WOW me. =)
2	I stopped in here to pick up some lunch, the service was poor, I think the two employees were dating and fighting, keep your personal business at home!!!  ok i ordered a 5 piece to go and im almost positive that i was given the wrong thing, i ordered the spicy garlic one  and i got some pieces of chicken with what tasted like a asian sweet and sour sauce on the side. what the hell is that? i did not finish my meal and i will not be returning again. the only reason the got 2 stars instead of 1 is because the fries were delicious
4	Discovered this place a few weeks ago, I have only had their chicken fingers, but  they are awesome! The fingers battered kind of like "raising canes," but they offer hot sauces and ranch, and canes does not. I have been here 3 or 4 times, and the service was always great and fast. I would give this place 5 stars, but the ranch dressing is a little on the watery side, but still very good.
3	Right when you walk into the place, your hit with a strange smell... Like dirty mop.  I got used to it after awhile though.  Anyway, the place itself was cool. Clean and I really liked the decorations. Lots of cool stuff to look at.  Its also pretty roomy with plenty of places to sit.We got the chicken wings with bone and chicken fingers combo meals.  The wings were big! I got the garlic parmesan wings (thinking it would be like wing stops).  It was actually just plain wings with parmesan cheese on top of it.  It wasn't anything special I'd say.  My boyfriend got the chicken fingers with bbq sauce.  I think that the fingers are comparable to cane's.  The bbq sauce was kinda weak in my opinion... very watery.  Other than that, the fingers were moist and cooked well.  I really liked the fries that came with the meal - but thats because I really like shoe string fries.Overall, I think this place is medium - neither great or bad.  I would probably come back if I wanted wings real quick.
4	Best chicken wings I have had in a real long time. They were meaty and crisp but not loaded with excess fried batter. Bon has about nine flavors and I recommend all of them save for the lemon pepper. So if you're looking to pig out on chicken wings or if you just want to a couple you can not go wrong with Chicken Bonz
4	Allyoucaneat wings!! Ok, now that I have your attention. I wasn't kidding about AYCE. It's about 12 bucks per person. And the wings must've came from baby turkeys, because they're unbelievably huge!! So, if you ever felt like you weren't getting enough.. Try chicken bonz. It's kinda hidden in the industrial area of south Decatur. So keep an eye out for it.I only give it four stars because some of the wings were dry inside. At least they have those shoestring fries. But they do charge extra for more ranch -__-Overall I await the day to take all my big guy cousins who are madly in love with anything wings.
5	I have been to this place multiple times since my first review of it and I really do not understand what is going on for them to be getting so many bad reviews.. I always do the AYCE wings and start off with the spicy BBQ sauce which I think is awesome.The servers are all right on top of refilling my wings as soon as I get down to my last leg.. The last time I was there with a friend of mine they recognized us and would bring out the next basket before we finished the one in front of us. In my own wingy opinion this place stops on Wingstops Tiny wings and Buffalo wild wings over priced for the atmosphere wings.
4	quick service great wings, great deals on food
4	Chicken wings are big!!! Flavors are good too. I love this place coz u can get unlimited sweet tea lol
1	This place Sucks overallI went for the 10 wing deal, got home ate about6 then tossed the rest. I hate feeling obligated to eat something I don't like,  considering the price I paid; this was one of those times.Cons- wings are jumbo size and not cooked thoroughly- they charge for watered down ranch- the sauce taste like shit Pros- service was okToo bad this place sucks because I like eating good wings especially if it's close to home.
3	I've had better wings but this place gets some props for the wings being cooked perfectly and not greasy.  I usually just make my own wings at home in the deep fryer but I've been wanting to try Chicken Bonz since they opened here in Vegas ( I am so over Buffalo Wild Wings and have been for a while) (Wing Stop is okay for a quick craving fix).The service was excellent, helped us through the menu since it was our first time, and made sure we were doing alright while we were there.We got a large fry which was bigger than the 2 of us needed, loved them, thin and crispy, good taste, not greasy. We got 25 wings to split which they allowed us to get with 4 different sauces (BBW eat your heart out). Parmesan garlic were okay a little dry and not alot of taste, hot was okay with good heat and okay taste, spicy bbq were pretty good, and the sweet chili garlic were both of our favorite...would definitely get those again. Prices are alright, the 1$ Bud draft is a kick ass deal.We would go back again, especially to try out some more flavors.
2	12.00 bucks all you can eat wings is pretty cool. Service was alright. The taste the wings I would give a 4/10, their wings have a different taste idk what it is but I didnt like it. I prefer hooters, buy 20 get 20 wings at hooters on Tuesday's.
1	Bad!!! I was a loyal Chicken Bonz customer at the original location on Sunset, then they became Chicken Shack. I was excited to see this Chicken Bonz because it is much closer to my House than the original, but I was sadly disappointed, The chicken is plain and the ranch is terrible! I now drive to Chicken Shack in Henderson to get my fix. Way better food!
5	Fantastic sauces. Those who prefer Buffalo Wild have never had wings in New England. Meaty, tasty boned wings, huge boneless portions. Sauces are actually hot and well portioned.
3	3 of us were planning to go to burger bar inside mandalay bay.  but we missed the exit as there was construction and somehow ended up on the 215....and when we got off we saw Chicken Bonz....  So instead of fighting the traffic onto the strip we decided to try it out.Price wasn't too bad...all you can eat wings for like $13.  I had the garlic parmesan which seemed a little bland.  Then I tried the Hot Wings...and it was kind of spicy....not too bad.  The ranch was a bit watery...As the others mentioned these are the big wing versions.....so you get a lot of meat.  I personally prefer the small crispy kind...For the price it isn't bad....but it just didnt do it for me....
1	This has got to be the worst chicken on earth!! First of all, they servin them  tuff  BIG steroid chicken wings!! The garlic Parmesan had no flavor at all!! The lemon pepper was okay, just couldn't get past how big and tuff these wings were!! It was like a turkey drum stick!!! The only thing that was really good were the shoe string French fries and salad bar...your best bet is to stick with wing stop!!!
3	We had dinner here a couple of weeks ago after driving by this location so many times and seeing the AYCE sign for chicken wings. I ordered the AYCE, while the wife ordered a combo plate. According to the menu, kids can eat free for each combo plate that is ordered by an adult (BOGO): should've paid more attention to the receipt since we were charged for the kid's meals. They have draft beer for $1 plus .08 tax. The chicken wings with bones are huge. I can normally polish off an 18 piece wing order from KFC. This ACYE meal gives you 12 wings that are really big and meaty. when you start digging down the basket, the wings to get a bit smaller and some are the size of the KFC ones, but when you can keep ordering them, who cares. I ordered the med. hot sauce for the wings to see how they rate their hotness....it wasn't really that hot, but then again I like hot and spicy food. The other rule about the ACYE wings is you are not allowed to share them with your table mates. Overall, we enjoyed the wings. They were juicy, and just a bit salty. Not sure if that is because they are brining their wings or its in their batter. There's a salad bar with some type of signage that indicated no salad refills: we watched someone refill her serving container 4 times and nothing was said by staff. We will come here again, but make sure you bring a good appetite, since I could not eat anymore and the price for a dozen wings is a dollar or two cheaper that the ACYE.
3	The lemon pepper fingers are delicious! I recommend asking for extra lemon pepper seasoning because its that good!
3	Very good meaty chicken wings seasoned well and great size for ur money. Sweat potato tots are very good just need a dipping daises will be going back for sure
3	Went with the rommate for lunch on tuesday. Dumb lucked out way into AYCE strips, they have wings every day, but the strips are only on tuesday.There was a table of 14 construction workers, the lady at the counter apologized and said they'd do their best to get our order out in a timely fashion. The AYCE starts off with 5 strips and the sauce of your choice, and then 3 strips and a sauce each time after that. The AYCE fries add on for $1 were good. The first batch was iffy, but the 2nd batch was much better, ask for some Xtra seasoned salt.The Strips were decent sized, my only major complaint is that the sauces are served on the sides not tossed on the strips, but all in all it was good.A great little place serving up some good chicken at a decent price, hard to beat. Plus they have $1 beers
3	I love some good chicken wings and they have not lost the chicken wing fight in my opinion this review update is definitely more about the Manager or Owner that was at this location the other night. We go to this location quite a bit and always order the all you can eat wings and add a single basket of all your can eat fries for the table and have never had an issue. This time while eating the Mangager/Owner walked by while we were eating and just stared at our table like we ha killed someone or something which I found odd until the awesome waitress came over and said hey sorry guys but he  saw that you all are sharing the basket of fries so he is not going to refill them for you if you want a refill. Here is what struck me wrong. 1. If you are the owner or manager or just the big cheese on duty at the time... YOU HANDLE IT. don't send the poor waitress to tell YOUR customers that you have some crappy rule that nobody knows about and basically tell them that you are taking the extra money they paid for AYCE fries and keeping it because you want to be a D#$k2. Post a sign that says you can not share the fries. I'm pretty sure we had been told by a different waitress that we could order one basket and share them amongst the table. But maybe that is why she doesn't work there anymore, the fry Nazi must of gotten ahold of her. 3. Don't stand at the kitchen entrance when we are leaving with that dumb smirk on your face and say, " Have a great night" I am not a person that angers easily but I have to say that last shot while we are on the way out is ridiculous. This has been our go to chicken wing joint and this whole incident really bothered me. It is not because we wanted more fries it was just the principle of the thing.  He could have walked over and said hey guys I'm sorry but we don't allow sharing of the AYCE fries so if you want to kick in the other $2 I can continue to refill it for you. but that is obviously not how it went down.
3	First time great wings and a variety of flavors.I think when going to this place I expected too much. What you get here is simple. Wings, tenders and burgers. Gave an extra star due to the fact they had shoe string fires which always sways my reviews. The wings are larger than your average place like Wing Stop or Buffalo Wild Wings. I will be back to try the various flavors that most places don't have. Felt like the wings I made at home. That's why I gave such few stars. I like to go out and be wowed. Not this time but it is a place worth checking out. You never know you might enjoy it a lot more than I did.
3	First came in it was empty server/cashier she was nice and helpful she stuck around to see our reaction to the hottest wing "damn mistake" not as hot as I thought but it is a lingering HOT nice that they have an antidote though lol some of the flavors are a bit dry it is worth the all you can eat but for me I wouldn't need all you can eat next time cause it's a big size chicken overall something about the flavors won't bring me back for a crave but for a social.
5	If want fresh chicken wings and fingers this is the place to go.!!   They put raising canes to shame. By far the best chicken place in Vegas!
4	Love the garlic parm wings!!!!
4	I've been on the fence for a while about this place but m going to give it a mild endorsement.The "bonzless" tenders are cooked to a perfect texture and coated in a crisp batter that stands up equally well on its own and with sauce.As is my tendency, I go for the spiciest sauce - the Damn Mistake, which packs a real sting to the face. It's not vision quest hallucination sweaty spicy like Thai peppers but this is among the spiciest non-novelty wing sauce I've tasted. As noted elsewhere, the sauce is served in the side.Their fries are surprisingly good - very thin, crisp shoestrings that retain a nice snap even once they're cool. They're salty and seasoned flavorfully.$1 gets you your choice of a draft Bud or an orange creamsicle to put out the fire.They do AYCE wings for $12.95 daiy, AYCE bonzless Tuesdays. I guess AYCE fries are a buck.The salad bar is pretty sad looking. But let's get real. You're at a wing joint, the only veggies you have any business eating are dunked in blue cheese or ranch.Much better than Raising Cane's, incidentally, if a little pricier.
3	I had the AYCE on a tuesday night with a bud light lime for ~15.- Service was hardworking. It seemed like they had one cashier that was taking and waiting on orders and one cook. Service was very slow. I would wait 15min just to get in my refill order. At times, orders would get mixed up. Easy solution would be to hire another waiter. - Too hot. Not the chicken, it's pretty tolerable. The restaurant has one huge fan. A group of customers had to complain just to have them turn on the AC. - Chicken wings were pretty delicious. My favorite is lemon pepper and garlic parmesan. Although, that is always my favorite, regardless where I go. Lemon pepper is a bit too salty. Damn hot is a bit deceiving initially. It takes a few or so chickens to make it a mistake. haha. I didn't try damn mistake. - Boneless chicken is dry. Don't waste stomach space for it. Buffalo sauce is a dip. how lame. - Sweet tea is too sweet. Sweeter than Mcdonalds. It takes A LOT of ice to make it cold also. - I'd come back, but probably to their other location.
3	I never thought I was able to eat 35 wings in one sitting but apparently I am!  Maybe I'll add that to my resume in the future.  I am on board with everyone else's opinion.  It's a 3 star place!  No more, no less.  $14 or whatever it is for all you can eat wings is reasonable.  $1 drafts are nice as well. It's great they don't charge a ridiculous price for celery like Buffalo Wild Wings or Hooters who charge somewhere around $3 for ranch and celery.  81 cents here.  I am boring and don't care about the teriyaki, bbq or parmesan garlic wings.  I just want 'em hot.
4	Extremely random visit to Chicken Bonz yesterday afternoon and it was pretty tasty! We had the lemon pepper and garlic parmesan, super deelish. We were going to do the all you can eat, but weren't quite sure how we'd like them. The all you can eat is so worth it, $12.95 for all you can eat is a great deal! The wings were enormous and the blue cheese tasted like they made it fresh!! Huge chunks of blue cheese and creamy..Definitely will be heading back there for some more.
5	All I have to say is $12.95 all you can eat chicken wings. I came in on a Wednesday around 3 p.m. and there was no line or wait to get my order in.This place had great food and a great atmosphere. The employees and management were great and checked in on my party to ensure that everything was to our liking!
5	This is the greatest place great cook!  All u can eat...  Good staff!  Me and a group of friends come every Thursday!!!  Love this place!!!
5	Great food, great service. Obviously fried chicken isn't the healthiest food on earth, but once a month I get that craving for good fried chicken. Their chicken is great, doesn't seem too fatty, and their sides are excellent too. A+
5	Had a groupon for this place so the Mrs. and I ventured here after church today. I was impressed overall. Clean inside and looked new despite being around for a few years. Staff was friendly and helpful. I got a the 6 wing combo. They had no issues with getting multiple sauces which is a rarity in this day and age. My wife ordered the 2 wing with salad combo. They have a salad bar which we thought to be an original concept for a joint like this. The food is good. I got the Garlic Parmesan wings which is a sort of dry rub. Usually not a huge fan of the dry wings but there were definitely a cut above the rest and I would gladly order again. Ordered Hot wings also which were typical. Wing sizes are large in comparison to a Buffalo Wild Wings. I'd say prices are competitive with other wings joints if not better given the size of the bird. Fries are of the shoestring variety and were excellent. Fountain drinks were easily accessible to patrons and the much-coveted Mr. Pibb was available. Punch cards are given which ensures future visits for this duo. Overall a great place and some of the better wings in Las Vegas that I've had. Will have to do the AYCE soon.
4	So, I came to this place a few months back for the 1st time, and just like some of the bad reviews I saw I felt the service was a little slow and not very friendly.  There was only 1 person taking orders and serving the food to the customers eating there.  Wasn't impressed at all.Yesterday, a co-worker wanted to try the place, and I had a coupon to use, so I decided to go again, warning my friend that it may take a while to get our grub.I am glad I went back!  This time the place was full of customers, everyone was smiling and the vibe felt way better.  The cute little girl taking orders was friendly and helpful with our order, there were two gentlemen helping throughout the main restaurant area that were friendly and talkative and helpful as we waited for our order.Seems like the fixed the earlier issues and are now on the right pace.  Well Done!!  I now look forward to going back.
2	Meh ... I really have had better. I will say the service was good and when you order a combo plate, they will give you a "kids" portion if you need it for free. My husband and I ordered the boneless wings and I never thought I would say this, but I would rather go to BWW. The boneless wings at Chicken Bonz where too large (more of a strip than wing), the chicken was chewy and the breading/batter didn't stay on the wing. If I ever venture back, it will be for the bone-in wings and I do not eat bone-in wings. :-)
4	I just don't like the walk-in, order at the counter, then sit down and wait for your food to come out. It's just weird to me. The dude working was nice enough though and we were using our Groupon. We got salad bar, chicken tenders, buffalo chicken wings and lemon pepper wings. I LOVE lemon pepper wings and they do them right here! A nice LEMONY and PEPPERY dry rub on the wings! NOM!!!
4	Pretty solid place. Classier than I thought. Grilled chicken is good and so are the sauces. I'll be back.
5	Wooooo chicken fingahs!Pretty legit place for fingers and fries. There used to be a Chicken Bonz over on Sunset in Green Valley, but it has since become Chicken Shack, and Chicken Bonz was reborn right of the 215 on Decatur.This place serves up reallllllly bomb chicken fingers, with a bunch of sauces that will satisfy even the pickiest of chicken connoisseurs. They also have regular bone in wings, and burgers (I don't know why I guess some people don't want chicken?).Its a pretty interesting place, there are a couple of arcade machines set-up which definitely earns the place points because it takes a while to get the food sometimes. It seems to be a mom n pop kind of place so they do go the extra mile to make sure you are happy. Unlike Chicken Shack, there isn't a extra charge for a side of ranch which for me is a huge pet peeve. If your in this part of town and craving good chicken stop by! Its worth it.
3	The wings were quite good but I found the chicken tenders to be dry even with them tossed in the sauce. The salad bar is pretty basic but for $7.99 6 wing and salad bar combo,  I was FULL.Unfortunately the Saturday night we came here they seemed understaffed. The cashier was not old enough to pour beer so we had to skip it. I'd ask if the cook could come out and do it but he was super busy. They must have had someone call in sick cause just having the two of them seemed ridiculous.I wondered where the manager or owner of the shop was to let this restaurant die a slow death without anyone to pour beer! There were quite a few tables that were dirty and needed to be cleared. I don't know why patrons don't do it themselves but with that said, restaurant management should have someone do it so the rest of the patrons don't have to sit in a dirty dining room.I can't say I'd rush back here based on my first experience but the food was decent.
3	Thought that this place was good. Walked in and was able to order right away and then make a salad. The salad bar is small, but stocked with fresh fares. I ordered the garlic parm chicken and was told that this is a rub that they put on the chicken after its done cooking. Got my food fast, and got to say I wasn't impressed with the flavors of this particular rub. I love it at BWW, but that is a wet sauce. I will try them again because they had a good variety and the prices were not bad.
4	This is a long overdue review for the place we call Bonz! I have made my way here about 5 times now and just keep wanting to come back. Every time I step foot in here I leave full and happy!How can you go wrong with all you can eat chicken wings and frys. They typically keep them coming fast unless its a busy night. They seem to always be understaffed but never lack on the quality of there food and service with a smile. I have had the opportunity to have a different server every time I have gone and each one of them have been helpful, thoughtful, fast, and caring with a smile on there face ready to bring us more and more. They have a good variety of wings to choose from. So far I think the best is there Sweet Chilli and oriental, Those are my top 2 and you can never go wrong with the spicy BBQ and yes every time I go there my last basket is the Damn Mistake. No joke that's what the flavor is called and yes every time its a damn mistake that I order them because they can really kick your ..... anyway, The family style restaurant has a great theme and comfortable environment to have a beer and eat some wings.
1	Horrible service. Cashier was friendly but all I wanted was the salad bar with grilled chicken, the cook was mad we wanted grilled chicken and gave a loud UGH sound when we asked for it and then he yells from the back are you sure you want "grilled"? We said yes we don't eat fried and he says well then its going to take twice as long and we said that's fine, but then he just gave attitude and turned around. Definitely didn't stick around to see what he was going to do to our food!! Will NEVER return!!
1	Chicken wings are not cooked and still had some feathers on them.. Very gross, still recovering from food poison from this place.
3	I'm not sure if this venue is still known as "Chicken Bonz" as they had some weird long name on a banner out front.  I made an inquiry to the cashier about the All-You-Can-Eat and she said as a company they had to move it to Thursday only because they would run out of food and were in danger of going out of business!That was a little disappointing to here, but  I settled with 12 wings.  They came out pretty fast, although the cashier is also the food runner so I can see if the place got any busier how much of a bottleneck that would create.The wing quality was OK, it hit the spot since I was hungry, but I don't think they were as good as Buffalo Wild Wings and the price point is too similar to give up the B-Dubs experience.I'll have to inquiry at the Warm Springs/Durango location to see if this is all-you-can-eat death is true!
4	Good price and Good Food
1	Changed owners and the name. Epic fail! Prices have almost doubled as has the wait time.
