4	Went to buy some tortillas yesterday, nothing like warm, fresh tortillas.  Had a red chili burrito to go and it was sooo good.  You might not expect to find something like this in a bakery, but it is a little hidden jewel.  So if you are in the mood for somehting yummy, or you want some baked goods stop by, and give the burritios a try.  I have also had the green chili (long time ago) and it was nice and spicy, but they were out this time.
4	La Fama Mexican Bakery a South Glendale tradition !They make fresh homemade tortillas every morning at 4AM and they are ready for sale at 6AM.  Whenever the wife and I are craving bean and cheese burritos we always go to La Fama's to get our tortillas.They have mexican cookies and breads as well.Don't be scared and make the drive to La Fama Mexican Bakery the earlier the better for the tortillas because they will be hotter and fresh upon arrival.
5	La fama is the epitome of a hole in the wall eatery. It is small and tucked away. With no true parking area in front of the store it is very easy to drive by and never give them a second look. When I moved to Kansas for 5 years I did not expect for this place to still be around when I got back. To my pleasant surprise they are still alive and kicking and still churning out their green chili burritos that have made them famous, well not really famous but somewhat known for. Since I've been back to AZ it's been exactly three days and I've already had two of their burritos. I can't speak much about anything else they sell since I've only really tried the one thing. They do have a small scattered selection of pan Dulce's but nothing like the real mexican bakery a few blocks up the street. But honestly I don't fault them for their lack of selection because I go there for one thing and one thing only. And maybe for one of their Spanish novellas they sell at the counter. They have a great green chili recipe that hasn't seemed to change in the last 5 years since I've been gone. It feels good to be home and it feels good that the tastes I remember haven't changed either. I will be stopping by a lot more often now that I am home to stay.
