4	This is a great place to see live music in Charlotte.  Part of the reason this place is great is that it has been around for ages, it's sort of the CBGB of Charlotte if you will.  The original graffitti on the walls dates back to the 70s (look for stuff written by bands like the dead kennedy's) and is the only thing used to decorate.  This place is a really small concrete hole, but the people are great and the shows are typically intense.  The music is typical LOUD metal, punk, hardcore, rock, etc.
3	The Milestone is a small venue with plenty to look at inside.  Covering the walls (and ceiling) is writing, stickers, etc. all over the place.. giving it a personal touch.  The stage is pretty small and the venue is obviously very aged.  The sound was pretty good, and there was plenty of room for the audience.
4	I wouldn't take a date here, that doesn't mean that I don't like it.  It is grunge city in the middle of the ghetto, which makes it the best place to catch some hardcore rock!  There are Playboy magazines scattered around the bar and obscenities and tagging all over the walls.  It is pretty intimate so don't come here unless you want to sweat and if you like this type of music that really shouldn't be a problem.  The place has been around for decades and it is really like the CBGB's of Charlotte.
3	If someone took their basement, covered the walls with graffiti and stickers, and built a tiny stage...the result would be similar to The Milestone. It's a great music venue, but it's definitely not for everyone. It's small, smoky and in a crappy neighborhood. I saw a women musicians showcase at The Milestone, which included a great show for by The Lights Fluorescent. Warning: There is a makeshift ATM-like machine at the bar. My friend had trouble with the machine and it's a bit sketchy, so I'd stay away from it.
5	It doesn't get any better than this. My heart overfloweth.
4	Located in a less than desireable area of Charlotte, we need to acknowledge that the Milestone isn't for everyone.But it is one of the oldest punk/hardcore/metal/rock venues in Charlotte, and legend has it that Nirvana played there WAY back in the day.  It is sort of an assault on your senses.  Visually, the band sticker/graffiti decor can keep you entertained with all the random bands that have played there.  The music is going to be loud enough to leave your ears ringing in the packed little stage room.  In the summer months, you can tell that the power bill is not high because of air conditioning.  This not only turns everyone into a sweaty mess, but it makes the bathrooms an olfactory gauntlet.  They are also pretty lax on the no smoking policy.The PBR tallboys are cold as most bands can tell you since I have seen more than one act showered in beer by the moshing crowd.Make sure you bring cash unless you care to deal with their less than comforting ATM behind the bar set up.
4	Well, contrary to Garrett, I consider this a perfect place for a date, for people like me who like music more than mush. The bands are always diverse, and I've never heard one I didn't like. The beer is cheap ($3 Tallboys, $2 Mickey's), the bartenders are good, the cover is reasonable. You can choose to be right up front and get sweated and/or trampled on, hang out in the back on a (kind of skeezy-looking, but comfortable) couch, or chill in the bar room in an old diner booth. I recently met a Charlotte newcomer friend of mine here for a show- his text when he got there was "I've been here 30 seconds and I already love it."The only complaint I have is the bathrooms. When you're selling Tallboys that cheap, you can't expect people to just hold it until they get home. And I'm not a bathroom snob- I expect dive bar bathrooms at a dive bar. All I ask for is toilet paper, soap, and DEAR GOD, pour bleach or something down the men's toilet every now and again, it's stinking up the whole hallway. Generally speaking, you'll find me here at least a few times a month. I'll be the girl with a PBR standing next the the stepladder.Oh, P.S., cash-only bar.
5	This was another Charlotte Institution I'd never heard of until I moved back to town as an adult.  Growing up in the soulless suburbs and listening to Nickleback, I never really crossed paths with The Milestone.Oh, but it's lovely.  There is always something to be said for a divey music bar (every town should have one), where you know PBR will always be the cheapest drink at the bar, where you still leave with smoke lingering on your sweatshirt, and where you know everyone's just out to have a good time.
4	The Milestone is all of the following things: dark, grungy, smokey, loud, kinda sketchy and a fire hazard.It is also a fantastic venue with a very respectable bar selection.Would I take a teeny bopper there to see the latest pop phenom: No, but thats totally okay because the Milestone wouldn't book them anyway.The Milestone is like a better version of the basement your favorite bands used to play in in high school. You can't help but feeling like you are in it with the artist. Between sets check out the thousands of stickers that cover the place. I will warn you that the ATM looks like it was created my Macgyver (you punch your card # into a phone and get cash from the doorguy) so come with greenbacks.
2	It's funny this bar/venue when I first came in would have gotten probably 4/5 stars. I've gone to punk and hardcore shows all across the country. So, I have a good idea what to expect going to a show. Before I go on the owners and staff are all pretty awesome. No complaints there. Bathrooms are by far the worst I've ever seen for a public restroom. There is no reason they can't be cleaned. I've been to outhouses cleaner than this. Also, I've never gotten sick from a place but the amount of ciggarette smoke is so excessive that I need to take the next two days to mourn the clothing I may have lost, as well as the lung I have just coughed up. It's to bad cause as I said the staff are pretty friendly and fun. Plus some pretty awesome bands come through here.
4	What can you say about the Milestone? It's a classic, it's history, it's one of the most underrated gems Charlotte doesn't seem to exploit.You don't go to The Milestone to look pretty, sit & relax to strike a casual conversation or for the good beer. You go to The Milestone because it is The Milestone and you're gonna get an experience. Good/bad? you decide but it will definitely be an experience.Walls are covered with historical and new graffiti and stickers which is great to gawk at. I wish they'd work on their sound though... pretty horrible, but given that I only go to see punk/metal/hardcore shows it doesn't make that big of a difference.
4	smoky? sub-par sound? unnecessarily dirty bathrooms? you get it all at the milestone... with a side of cheap beers and the oddly comfy booths. there isn't much more to say, you could spend forever trying to read the years of graffiti and band stickers, but I like finding the patches in the flooring that oddly absorb and turn all of the foot stomps in the square foot area into an awesome dance party. go, drink, and enjoy!
4	So, after hearing that they have gotten rid of the indoor smoking. Which I got a message from the owner. I have changed my rating to 4 stars. It is what really killed it for me.....Now, if the bathrooms were not as scary. If you are looking for a punk show in Charlotte this or the Snug are your best bet.
2	Well, The Milestone is a dive bar that does punk, metal and rock shows. The cover is usually pretty cheap, the beer is REALLY cheap, the sound system is OMG LOUD! and the place sure has a lot of character. It's the kind of place native Charlotteans think of fondly because they snuck in to see Black Flag when they were 15 back in 1983. Or had their first sexual and\or alcohol experience in the parking lot. Or some such other fond teen memory that makes them overlook the place's serious shortcomings.For those of us who are Charlotte transplants? It's... something. Let me say this: the bathrooms here are (by FAR) the nastiest in Charlotte. And I'm a GUY. I can't imagine the poor ladies having to hover over the toilets there, afraid of the as-yet-undocumented pathogens lurking on the seat. Seriously folks, the bathrooms here are BEYOND NASTY! And points off for cutting out indoor smoking. They used to not care about the NC statewide ban on indoor smoking ("yeah, like the cops ever come HERE", the bartender told me), but a few months ago they decided to ban it... thus removing the one thing I really liked about it. Don't get me wrong folks. If you go there with good friends to hear a good band you'll have a fun time. It's just that now that I'm 41 years old I'm a bit less tolerant of subpar facilities than I used to be,
5	Bust out the grunge. The Milestone is the perfect place to schmooze with the punks, metalheads and venue/show rats. Crawling with history, and plenty of stickers on every surface from shows/bands of the past, this hole-in-the-wall turned landmark is one my favorite venues in the QC. I've been here on multiple occasions and each time has been different and more memorable than the last. My first impression, a while back, was a little disheartening from how many people were smoking inside. Now, so I hear, this has been done away with. Good for us non-smokers and maybe a blow to the cigarette-goers. However, this paled to the happiness I found in the small bar with cheap PBR and the even tinier stage. I've seen this stage packed with 6 member outfits with hardly enough room to play and smaller rockabilly bands tearing it up! So much personality there could be a novella written about the days it has seen. Goodness what a cool joint. This place isn't glamorous, folks. It's an old, converted house, turned-venue. If you're into punk, metal, or anything in between, check their website. Always booking shows and plenty of variety. You can buy tickets online or pay at the door. Beware on rainy nights. The parking lot, if you can call it a parking lot haha, gets really muddy. Park on the street to avoid a muddy car! Or, be awesome and park in the mud and make it a story! Cheers to the Milestone and many years to come of kicking some serious rock ass!
5	I don't know about nirvana but I'm pretty sure I saw black flag their it looked like a small house the stage was just a raised board so called punks slam danced one dressed like a doctor afterwards the band just walked off the stage and drank with the crowd.
