5	It feels so good to be able to write a positive review.  I had been writing so many negative reviews recently that I was afraid people would think I had turned churlish, had become an angry discontent in my old age.  My experience at Tamarind, however, was so positive that it served as a welcome slap in the face: Art! Snap out of it! You have found a great new Indian restaurant in Charlotte, and you need to write about it!The first sign that I had found a place where I could feel welcome was at the entrance.  I arrived at 9:40PM, only 20 minutes before closing time on that evening.  Because I have been made to feel extraordinarily unwelcome at some other restaurants as closing time approaches, I asked whether it was "too close" to closing time. Edwin, who seated me, flashed a handsome smile and assured me that it was of course no problem!My server, Shakti, is recently arrived from Mumbai, where he worked at The Maratha, a "Sheraton" hotel belonging to the Starwood chain in north Mumbai, not far from the airport and The Leela, which is the extraordinarily expensive hotel where Microsoft put me up when I traveled to Mumbai a few years ago.  Perhaps most important, Shakti pointed out that The Maratha is home to what may be one of the world's best Indian restaurants: Peshwari.  Certainly Shakti is the best server I have encountered within any Indian restaurant, not only here in Charlotte but ANYWHERE.Although I had made some tentative choices from the excellent menu, Shakti eagerly recommended the Lasooni Gobi as an appetizer and the (Lamb) Rogan Josh as the entree.  My recommendation: take his advice!  The Lasooni Gobi is delicately deep-fried pieces of fresh cauliflower with pieces of red, green and yellow bell pepper very lightly sprinkled with a garlic red chili sauce.  Although I've had Rogan Josh at other restaurants, this rendition was leaps and bounds above what I've tried elsewhere, even vaulting ahead of the version I had in Kirkland, Washington, which had stood as the "best Rogan Josh ever" until last night at Tamarind.  I also could not resist ordering the "Madhavi's Cucumber Salad," although I realized I was ordering too much food.  I took most of the cucumber salad home with me and am enjoying it as I write this review.  The diced cucumber is mixed with moong dal, coconut and cilantro.  Wonderful.  With a full meal it would contrast refreshingly with a spicy dish.  For bread I ordered the Tandoori Paratha, which clearly arrived fresh from the Tandoor.  Although of course I want to eventually try their naan, the whole-wheat Paratha was not only awesome but allowed me to believe that I was ordering a healthier choice.Late in the meal, I asked Shakti, my server, whether it was "too late" to ask for dessert, since at this point 10PM had come and gone.  He assured me that there was plenty of time, that he and the others still needed to clean up the restaurant anyway, and urged me not to be in a hurry to leave.  This is my kind of restaurant!  I ordered the Mango Pista Kulfi, which was very good, but Shakti insists that the next time I come, if I can order before closing -- while the kitchen is still fully staffed and open -- I should try the Rasmalai.I feel as if I'm gushing here.  I'm not accustomed to writing an unabashedly positive review.  For contrast, see what I have written about the restaurant Bombay Cuisine at other sites and will soon write here as well.  If you see a review signed as "Art" or "nipper," that's going to be me.I almost forgot!  This restaurant is also a new member of RewardsNetwork, which among other things manages the dining-for-miles programs for Northwest Airlines, Delta Airlines and others -- which is what first alerted me to the existence of this restaurant.  So I not only had a great culinary experience, I earned frequent-flyer miles as well!In my experience, this restaurant is the best Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  As far as I know, it has no relationship to the evidently excellent Tamarind restaurants in New York and London, but I can attest that those esteemed restaurants should not feel slighted if diners believe they're in the same family.Tip: if -- and only if -- you enjoy your Indian food extra-spicy, ask for the "Indian" spice level, which is the level of spiciness served to customers who are actually from India.  If you do that with the Vindaloo dishes, be prepared!  Remember: [mischievous grin] it burns at least twice!
3	This restaurant is OK.  I've had dinner there and the lunch buffet.  Dinner was fine although the portions were very small.  The lunch buffet is cheap but very limited.  The food is OK.  Actually, the night after I had the lunch buffet, the local news aired local restaurants that received low sanitation grades and Tamarind was one of them.  That will prevent me from returning till the score is improved.  If you want great Indian food, just drive down the road a mile or two to Bombay Grille.
1	Restaurant is closed.
