4	My husband and I ate at Curry Leaf last night and were very pleased.This place is family owned, has been open about three months and is located in a strip mall near a Basha's.The place is small and sparsley decorated, but I came to eat not look at stuff on the wall.The service was very friendly and prompt. Both my husband and I ordered chicken curry dishes with chapathi which is a whole wheat flour flat bread. The food was very tasty and flavorful. I was getting full, but could not stop eating as I found it that good. As we finished eating one of the owners came out and we talked with him for a while. He explained how they prepare the food and their goal is for fresh and healthy food. The wife prepares and cooks all of the food and the husband and daughter help out in front. I'm definitley a fan and intended to go back soon as the food was delicious and the owners are very friendly.
2	Total sux ass! What a disappointment. We found out that a new Indian place openning up near by and wanted to go check it out. Came once and they were closed. Came again and they were closed. But finally today we found place open. Ordered some stuff, got some boxes took them home (Its really not an eat in kinda place unless you like dinky tables and Walmart plastic chairs.) Ohh boy! Ohh boy! Ohh wait! Rice? WTF! Its just a bowl of rice with some very little "Stuff" on top of it. WOW Are those vegetables from frozen pack, cuz it sure looks like it. Tastes like it too. So, i just paid 15 bux for 2 small bowls of rice with some questionable chicken and some frozen veggies that tasted like fast food Indian. Damn i feel violated.
5	I highly enjoy this place and my husband and I have been back many times since our first visit. I very much enjoy the food and the owners are so friendly and really go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience.I understand everyone is entitled to their opinion, so for those that did not enjoy this place your opinion is valid, but I don't understand how you had such a horrible experience. I also don't understand why the reviews had to be so nit pickey. For the reviewer that nit picked about the tables and chairs, big deal! Shouldn't you focus on the food and not the decor? I know I go to a restaurant for food not decor. I think the same reviewer remarked that the veggies are frozen, quiet the opposite. The owners pride themselves on the freshness of their food. Having spoken to the owners I think they know how to run a business and if more people give them a chance I think they will suceed and they are listening to these Yelp reviews and taking what we say about them into consideration, which is more than I can say for most restaurant owners in this town who don't seem to care a whole lot what their patrons say.I know not everyone will have the same experience, but I can say that I like this place and it's just too bad the other reviewers didn't enjoy what Curry Leaf has to offer.
1	My experience is not based on my dining, I am writing just at the attitude I was given when I called to inquire about the place. While browsing on the net, I came across this restaurant that advertised on the uniqueness of the menu/ concept.  Being a 40 mile drive from my place, I called to inquire more about the whole concept they were selling.....And LO!!!! What an Attitude!!! The lady on the other side is not bothered about the business I could give her, or the "Word of Mouth". All she had was, why dont you come here? When I told her where I lived, she was like, "For one, we dont divulge our concept/menu on the phone.....Anyways it is very far for you". Some attitude for a person who has just started a business.Worst customer service I have ever come across.
2	Yes. we understand, the owners are friendly. I too like the owners. They are a sweet couple.Now regarding the actual place itself, skip it. It's amateur food and I mean that sincerely and not as an insult. The person preparing the food is not a chef or a professional cook by any means. It just sees as if some random Auntie and Uncle decided to lease a space and start cooking fast food versions of Indian food thinking: "These dumb Americans have no clue. We will call it Chicken Tikha Masala wrap and they will think it's cool"  I'm Indian and i had a hunch this place was like that but I was bored and decided to pay them a visit and try this authentic food. After all, if the food is great, then I could care less if it's faux Indian food.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala "bowl"  I asked them if they could add some sauce to it and the owner responded: "Yes, many customers have asked me to do that so we started to do that"  First of all, chicken tikka masala without sauce is like eating chicken soup without water...it doesn't exist.  And what makes this story even more odd is that when I got the chicken with the supposed added sauce...it was still dry.  It had literally one teaspoon worth of sauce over some very dry and poorly cooked rice.  And I paid 10 bucks for that.  Needless to say I didn't go back.Look, I'm not insulting your intelligence. I know you have eaten Indian food at an actual sit down Indian restaurant and that this is supposed to be good in it's own manner as a pseudo fast food version of Indian. Hey, fast food Indian...love the concept...I'm down with that....unfortunately, it's already being done in bigger cities and it's much better.  Even fast food indian has more flavor than this place.Furthermore, they are slow.  You don't walk up, pay 5 bucks and walk away with chicken tikka wraps 5 minutes later. You walk up, pay 15 bucks and wait 15-20 minutes for one Auntie to microwave your food in the back.
5	It's interesting seeing some of the reviews on here. You would think Curry Leaf was trying to present itself as an upscale Indian food restaurant in a hugely desirable area. Curry Leaf shares a strip mall with a dry cleaners, taco bell, AZ Hair Co and Chuck E Cheese. It's a small place with tables to eat in, but I imagine most of their business is takeout or the newly available delivery. Jeff P mentions "It just sees as if some random Auntie and Uncle decided to lease a space and start cooking fast food versions of Indian food" ... first of all, I disagree with this, and second, isn't America founded on the entrepreneurial spirit that promotes local owned businesses?!? Curry Leaf is owned by a husband/wife duo and I was super stoked at how nice the husband was. He answered my questions without prejudice which is rare for me in other Indian establishments. While I waited for my food, we chatted about their business, my business and other random chit chat. As I was leaving, another gentleman came in and the husband sang out "Hey Bob, how are you doing today?!?" It's nice to see that customer service and appreciation are still alive these days. I ordered the Channa Masala bowl with Basmati Rice and a side of Cumin Potatoes and I was really impressed. The flavor in both dishes was great and had just a little tinge of spicyness. The portions were great and for the price of $4.99 I think an excellent value (Lunch price is $4.99; regularly $6.99). There are also a couple of really neat things that make this place stand out: They offer deliver and TEXT IN service... so you can actually text them your order for pickup! I think that is such a cool idea. You are texting directly to the husbands phone, and then he saves your number so that in the future he knows that its you. I'm pretty sure he remembers every customer. The bowls that they use for takeout are very durable and can be used again as Tupperware. I think this is a super cool idea and adds a little value. In a world where we are cattle prodded through life eating out of Styrofoam containers in our cars, I believe Curry Leaf has made an attempt to add value to their product and I for one am both impressed and inspired and look forward to a new weekly lunch spot!
2	With regard to AMber W.'s points1. I'm rating the food not the containers or the owners2. If it makes you feel better eating subpar food because of the American Spirit so be it. Others of us are more concerned with the food itself.3. I'm not downgrading it because it's not a sit down restaurant. Even among non-sit down restaurants or "fast food" style Indian themed eateries, this place is subpar. I've eaten at quick Indian eateries and they are much better than this.4. My review is for people who understand and can appreciate good Indian food. It's not for people who value text service, nice containers and chatty owners.5. I want to support mom and pop and locally owned restaurants but I also want to support good ones and not encourage bad ones to emerge simply because there is no competition for Indian themed restaurants here.
3	Am a big Indian food connoisseur. I am always on the hunt for Indian food in Phoenix and it is too disappointing that no restaurants so far has met my expectations. Unlike Seattle, where my brother lives, good quality Indian food is hard to come by here in Phoenix. I have read the reviews on yelp and none of it seem to have presented the good and the bad that can provide a feedback to the people running this business. With that in mind, I want to visit this restaurant and will be posting an opinion soon so other yelpers can get a good input.
