4	Dilworth has a new Great looking new Vision Care Clinic and Gallery of Glasses - Names like Gucci, Ray Ban, Tom Ford and Nike, then something special... from Denmark a brand called "Prodesign"!  The receptionist was very friendly and kind!  The Optometrist is Dr. Michelle Mumford."Vision - Health - Style"!
5	I was very impressed with Innovative Eye care.  I went there for an eye exam and new glasses and everyone from the receptionist to the frame specialist to the doctor was extremely kind and courteous.  I highly recommend Dr. Mumford and her staff for your next eye exam.  Since my visit my wife and daughter have been with the same results.
5	Great business, great people.  I'm pleased that I've found an optometrist and source for fashionable glasses where I can really feel comfortable visiting, not just feel like another number.  Dr. Mumford is intelligent, patient and really listens to her clients.  She was the perfect person to help introduce me to contact lenses after wearing glasses for 30 years.  Katie and Laura taught me to put in my contacts, helped me pick out some beautiful frames and sunglasses and were so patient when I had questions.  They even went above and beyond and shipped me my glasses across the country when I was on a business trip so I wouldn't have to wait an extra week.  Truly felt less like a customer and more like a friend whenever I visited the studio.  So glad I took the referral to try Innovative Eye Care, I've got a new look, I can see the world a lot more clearly, and I'm more confident because of it.
3	If you aren't a patient don't let them adjust your glasses. They just broke my lenses and aren't responsible cause I didn't get them there. If they don't know how to adjust frames correctly they shouldn't even agree to do it. I've had glasses for over 15 years and I've never had someone ruin my frames over a simple adjustment.Having said this, I have recently spoken with the owner who reached out to me and sincerely apologized and told me this wouldn't happen to anyone again. She offered to fix my glasses or help me in anyway she could. It was more then I expected and changed my opinion on the business for the better.
5	Dr. Mumford was fantastic, no other explination needed. Her staff was courteous and friendly, and were able to schedule me for an appointment right away. During my consultation with Dr. Mumford, she never made me feel rushed, and took time to sincerely answer all of my questions. She really knows her stuff, and makes it obvious that she cares about you. I ended up buying a pair of sunglasses and got a nice discount to match. I will be coming back to visit if I'm in the Charlotte area again.
4	I chose this eye doctor's office because it's on the same street as my apartment. Come to find out, it's actually in the same shopping center of the Harris Teeter within walking distance. Love Dilworth!I was really pleased with my visit. Dr. Mumford is very helpful and took the time to ask me about my eye history, and we thoroughly discussed my current contact lens/glasses routine. I felt like she really cared and towards the end of my visit, we discussed some options that would be better for me. Something different is this office uses this optic scan technology that allows them to take pictures of your eyes without dilation. It's an extra $39 charge, but I opted for it since I had to work afterwards. It has the feel of a gimmicky thing, but the good thing is you can get pictures right away so there is time for Dr. Mumford to discuss with you the pictures and what everything means. Finally, I want to give a thumbs up to Innovative Eye Care for the office's efforts in being green. They make every effort to not use paper, and I really appreciate that.
4	Just moved to Charlotte and found this practice through yelp reviews. I was very pleased with my experience. They contacted my insurance and informed me ahead of time how much it would be to retinal mapping as an alternative to a dilated eye exam and helped me pick out new glasses. Dr. Mumford was very thorough and patient.
5	What a great experience! I recently moved to Charlotte and am in the process of finding all new health providers. Dr. Mumford and her staff made me feel comfortable from the moment I called and consistently give immediate, personal attention. Their beautiful, welcoming space was easy to find and the total opposite of the traditional "mass waiting room" chaos. Dr. Mumford asked a lot of great questions about my vision history and explained each step during the appointment, and new technology meant NO dilation! The checkout process was easy and quick, and Kathy helped me consider how to maximize my vision plan benefits. I'm so glad to have found Innovative Eye Care.
5	Fantastic.  One of the best eye doctors I have been to in years.  Very attentive, convenient, modern facilities. easy to speak with, spent plenty of time with me.  Highly recommend.
5	Incredible customer service. Dr. Mumford took her time explaining why I was experiencing the symptoms I have. She was very thorough and I felt I was in excellent hands. The images from the retina scanner was also completely different than any other eye care visit I've had before.
5	Dr. Mumford and her staff have the perfect combination of professionalism and charm.  She was very considerate of my individual needs and exceeded my expectations.  I got an extensive exam and ended up with a great pair of new glasses that she even took the time to help me pick out!  Her staff was always welcoming and ready to assist with any questions, and they took a special interest in helping me track down and understand my own insurance policy.  Thank you to everyone at Innovative Eye Care!
5	Dr. Mumford is awesome! I've never had an eye exam that was so thorough. Most exams are quick and just another appointment. But with Dr. Mumford, she spent time going through the results, explaining which options are best, and I felt completely comfortable with what she recommended. Which turned out much better than what I was wearing before. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
5	Great experience! I have been here a few times since I've been in Charlotte and recently suggested my husband visit as well.  I wear contacts and Dr. Mumford is very helpful in finding the right fit.  Everyone here is personable and helpful.  I would definitely recommend them for an easy, no fuss eye exam.
5	I have have had great experiences the two times I have been there. The staff is really friendly, and Dr. Mumford is very knowledgeable and helped me understand the health of my eyes. They have a great selection of frames! A lovely boutique experience.
5	I had a great experience at Innovative Eye Care! Dr. Mumford is awesome, so friendly and knowledgeable.   The staff is great as well.  I like that they have new technology for checking your eyes so they don't need to dilate or do that machine that poofs air into your eye.  They are so efficient by keeping their files on computer. I really felt like they all cared about me. Definitely will refer people to them!
5	First visit to an eye doctor in a couple of years and I was a little apprehensive.  First impression was "Wow" the place is immaculate and the staff was very friendly.  My time with Dr. Mumford was very thorough and she was awesome, very nice, very knowledgeable and very patient with all of my questions and concerns.  I'm currently trying a new pair of contacts and can't wait to go back and pick out some super cute glasses too.  Great experience, I definitely recommend Innovative Eye Care to anyone looking for an upgraded eye care experience!
5	To begin with Shirley went out of her way & took quite a bit of time to make sure my insurance covered my appointment prior to my visit. I had no wait at all before Bessie took me back & performed an initial assessment. She was very knowledgeable & put me at ease. Dr. Mumford was extremely thorough & took a lot of time examining my eyes & explaining my situation to me. All in all a great experience not to mention great location. Highly recommend.
5	This is the best eye care center I have ever been to, and I have had contacts and/or glasses since age 6. I have been to some nice practices, but this far exceeds them all. The personal attention Dr. Mumford and her staff give to their patients is remarkable. If you are looking for an eye Dr, go see Dr. Mumford. You won't regret it.
5	In a word, excellent! Dr. Mumford is wonderful; very knowledgeable, very thorough, very sweet and kind. Her staff is the same. Having just moved to the area and needing to find all new docs, I'm very happy I hit a home run with this one on the first try.
4	. And then, in that same night, I was able to get my prescription lenses put into them and off I went. It was a great experience since I not only got an awesome pair of glasses at a reasonable price, but also everyone at the store was extremely personable and down to earth. In addition, the optician, Dr. Mumford , was intelligent and very nice as well. I would definitely recommend going here.
