3	Very authentic but incredibly noisy at lunch time. The second room seems to be favored by the Portuguese-speaking workers--that's where you want to sit if you want the full experience.  Fresh and simple cuisine, nothing fancy. I wouldn't go there for dinner, though.
5	This is probably one of the best places I have ever eaten.  Simple and delicious Portugese food.  I had grilled Octopus with French Fries and a Salad and my wife had grilled Chicken with Fries and salad.  We went back and I had grilled Calamari and my wife had quail.  It was all delicious.  The house wine was good too.  The atmosphere is active and the service is attentive.  It was really an experience I will remember.
5	Best portuguese place in town. Located in the heard of the portuguese area in Plateau this place is always packed. They do not take reservations so you gotta take a risk. Everything on the menu is great - chicken, beef, porc, seafood. Try their house porto - its killer. Service is great - all authentic portuguese. Good cheap date place. Walking distance from st. denis and mont royal - all the places to go for drinks after dinner.
4	This is such a good place for Portugese food.  After some mediocre Portugese food in Ottawa yesterday I made the most out of my trip to Montreal.  I dropped into Chez Doval to get some chicken and fries.  I came in after lunch but if you come to this place for dinner there is a chance that it will be packed and you will be waiting in line.The chicken is amazing as always!  It was cooked perfectly but the best part was being able to smell of the food cooking from the kitchen.The service is always great and the portions are pretty good!I've had the steak and pork and clams from this place and they are also top notch choices!
4	Really nice little spot off the beaten path. A great casual Portuguese grill. The service was very good, although near the second half of our dine the joint was packed and the waiter was having a hard time keeping up. The sausage app was real good. The steak was pretty good too. As was the grilled chicken. This is not high end fancy spot, so don't come here expecting anything but traditional Portuguese grilled food.
5	Went there last night (a Wed) with a party of 18, which just about swamped the place.  Fantastic, inexpensive food.  Very friendly waitstaff.  Tasted the chicken and had the calamari, house specialties which were both fantastic (although personally I'd order the chicken next time).
5	The chicken and calamari are amazing.  Much of their food is grilled over an open fire- using maple wood.  Simple and delicious.This is a true Portuguese grill outside of Portugal.  DELECTABLE !!!!!!!!Muito Bom.
4	Ok so this place is one where the service can seem rude or non chalante for some, but don't let that stop you.  This place is off the beaten track and usually known to locals.  I usually get take out from here and the order usually includes, one whole chicken, grilled sardines, grilled quail, and  grilled calamarie, the sardined come with boiled poatatoes, the chicken comes with fat tasty fies and usually a salad will be in there somewhere.  The price is very cheap and the flavors are uniquely portuguese, the "butterflied" whole chicken along with everything else is prepared on a wood burning roasting pit.  The decor is rather dark but cosy and they have a full bar liscense.
3	This mainstay of grilled Portuguese delights has been permeating the connecting walls to their neighbours and littering the air with whiffs of charcoal smoke for 37 years. The waitstaff has probably been there for most of that time as well, so have the menu items and recipes. Like I mentioned, the crassness of the waiters adds to the "charm" of Chez Doval. Their "take no bullshit" attitude plus the Export As' in their pockets, multiplied by the smell of smoke on their breath is pretty much a clear indication of where you're eating. Eating at Chez Doval is like your uncle had to open up the basement to fit more people in at the family dinner BBQ; you're not allowed to look behind the bar or touch any of the miniature figurines, only you're not sitting at an old card table or using napkins bought on sale from "Cumberland".
5	Having been here so many times for take out, I must update that I have been going there to dine in house, several times with several parties (4-7 people) over the last few months and have discovered their entire menu.Among the new faves are the grilled octupus, which has intense flavor and a superb texture, the quail (oh how I love theee), it is messy as heck but well worth the napkins, the fishermans platter (or Portuguese sea food dish), is one of the best, and the Portuguese mussles and or clams is a real treat.  Overall I have to say that my original review though still good was not reflective of the entire menu, so I thought an update was required to give this place it's well deserved praise.
1	I've never skipped a tip in my life, but the service at Chez-Doval was intentionally disrespectful and quite unacceptable. On the up side, they did have really excellent grilled chicken and grilled squid. He was clearly bothered that we didn't order 2 entrees. Our 1 Grilled Chicken entree and grilled squid appetizer was more than enough food for the two of us. We even ordered a half-litre of wine. We were very full and satisfied with the food! One star: He forgot to bring the wine before the food, then finally came around after we finished eating. We had to ask about dessert, which was "already put away" and unavailable at 9:30.  He deliberately refused to come back to collect our credit card for payment for almost 20min after delivering the check. We were long past ready-to-go, so we had to just forget about the tip and leave barley enough cash for the bill on the table before walking out.
3	1st time having Portguese food. This was in the neighborhood where we were staying at and upon recommendation we tried it. Very small restaurant, which seems to be typcial of this neighborhood (?). i ordered a grilled octopus. I was debating betwn the grilled squid and octopus and since i never had octopus I decided to try it. The portion was big however, the meal was bland. There wasn't any flavor on the octopus. Meal came w/ a big potato, of which I only had half of. I'd prob return to give them another try.
5	We went fully prepared for great food and surly service. Upon arrival, the place was packed, so we sat at the bar right in front of the grill. Best seats in the house as far as we're concerned. The service was quick and to the point. I've spent 15 years working in restaurants and these guys are *busy*. There isn't enough time to dote on needy patrons. The food speaks for itself.We started with the grilled octopus app. Shared a litre of the house red. She had the grilled sardines and I had the chicken as the main. Best dining experience during our Montreal trip. We'll definitely return.Just before we left, the guitarist came out and started entertaining the guests. Don't let anyone suggest that Chez Doval isn't welcoming.
5	I just moved  next to this restaurant and was always finding myself following the delicious smokey smells that comes out of this place. I finally ate their with my boyfriend and a friend. The friend ordered the grilled chicken, my boyfriend a steak, and I, the seafood plate. We also ordered french fries on the side. I have to say, their portions are gigantic!!! And still delicious! The meats were well cooked, grilled to perfection. The side salads and fries crunchy and tasty. As for the sea food plate, I suggest you share it with someone! You get a half lobster, fish, mussels, clams lying on a bed of spicy rice with tomatoes. It is divine!As other reviewers have pointed out, the service is not super friendly. However, even though the waiter we had was not very talkative, he was still very attentive and helpful with the menu. Finally, by the time we were all devouring our plates, we had the chance to listen to the waiters and to the on spot guitarist. I really enjoyed the warm ambiance that created. The boys felt it was too noisy... I definitely will come back here and go for the sea food plate again, it was sooo good! I warmly recommend this place :D
3	We have been staying in the Portuguese area of the Plateau and have been experimenting with the restaurants in the area... this was the second establishment serving Portuguese food which I love but Chez Doval  was true to what I have been experimenting with the culture... rudeness was at it's best, our waiter could have been a stand-in for Seinfeld's Soup Nazi.  If this is what Portugal is like... God help them!
4	Doval shrimps and Portuguese chicken were great! I'm not a fan of rice yet I loved theirs. Negatives: The mussels were average and the service was a bit slow. Go on a quiet night if you don't want to wait.
4	Excellent traditional portugese restaurant! Everything I tried on their menu was amazing, including their "vin maison".
4	Essayer le poulet ou les poissons... Toujours bon! Typique et surtout une adresse a retenir.
4	Small Portuguese restaurant tucked away on a side street - We loved the grilled seafood dishes, especially the octopus. Quail is perfection. A lot of people rave about the grilled chicken - I would not order it again. Overcooked and dry, with too little taste. This is the only mediocre dish I have ever had here though.The house wine is very good.Service is fine - about what you would expect if they are very busy, much better if  your visit is at a less hectic time.At dinner a man wanders around singing Portuguese songs - well worth a tip. We will return, again and again. It is that good.
4	Amazing grilled chicken!! We were in vacation in Montreal and needed to have some portugese chicken! Checked for places in the area and this place had great reviews! The food was amazing!! Definatly going back next time we are visiting Montreal!!
