4	Pretty darn good burger made to order and they have a cozy bar apart from the regular seating that has a high brow atmosphere but plenty of customers just relaxing and enjoying the food with family and friends.  This is a great place for dinner with a big group.  Oh and they're open on Sundays which is a huge plus in my book.Update: As of February '10 they have updated the rest of the seating area so it now matches the bar.  In the anteroom they've added billiards and there's darts in two different corners.It's like a Dilworth Neighborhood Grille in Myers park, only the kitchen still has a lot of kinks to work out.  Went for breakfast on Saturday and even though there were only two tables in the entire place, the waitresses had to tell us about all the stuff they were out of.  If they can get their kitchen sorted, this could pick up.  It would be a shame if they gave up because it finally has a contemporary, if sporty, look and feel and you could have a party with 80 people in the dining room alone.
4	Tavern on Park is brand new, so we went and checked it out the other day with a group of friends. First, let me say that this place is a great option is you're going with a group--they have large tables and even a few private-like rooms. In fact, there were lots of large groups here Friday night, so it seems to be becoming a popular spot. The service was excellent on all counts--a nice surprise since it's a new restaurant. As for the food, it was really good. Great burgers and really good salads--huge, fresh, and super inexpensive for how good they are. Their specials sounded great, too--and someone in our group ordered one, which he said was amazing (meatloaf wrapped in bacon). Flatbread was also a popular option at our table, and those were really tasty too. And again--not that expensive at all. Tavern has a nice bar which was pretty packed, too. Good drinks, good scene. A nice mix between a tavern and a nice, classy restaurant. Perfect mix, in fact.
4	Thank you fellow Yelpers!Just tried this place for lunch.  Table thoroughly enjoyed the tomato/roasted red pepper bisque, carolina bbq pulled pork, NYC reuben and the chicken dakota sandwiches.  Nice malbec to drink, nice chocolate cake for dessert.  Kelli, our server, was very professional and friendly and adapted well to our somewhat daffy group.  Restaurant even accomodated a not-on-the-menu dessert request (a simple, small dish of ice cream).Reasonably priced to comparable places like Harper's.Can't wait to go back!But I agree with Tony C - if you can come up with a creative menu, why can't you come up with a more creative name?
3	My husband and I visited Tavern on Park, thinking it was City Tavern (since we had a gift certificate). We realized we made a mistake after we ate and got the check.Tavern on Park had a nice variety of entrees. I ordered the panini with mozzarella, tomatoes, and prochuitto with fries. It was pretty good. My idea of a tavern is a dark place with cheap food and lots of beer. The atmosphere was a cross between dark, cavernesce, yet airy and well lit, and semi-classy. Overall we had a nice time, but not a place that is at the top of my list. It kind of reminded me of an upscale Applebees, which is fine, but not my style.
4	Recently had lunch here with a co-worker and we were both pleasantly surprised.  We both selected the shrimp enchilada which was the special of the day and it was fab! It was served with perfectly seasoned black beans.  I had fresh squeezed lemonade which was very good. Our service was excellent and the quality of the food was too.  We're looking forward to our next visit!
3	For our first visit, we tried Tavern on the Park on a Saturday night.  It wasn't supercrowded, but all the tables were taken.  Unfortunately, Tavern on the Park didn't offer much for atmosphere.  I was expecting something a little more Tavern-y, cozy, and energetic.   The lighting was a bit too bright and dull, there really weren't any wall decorations, and the dining room was just one big open room.  We waited for a good 10 min before our server came to greet us and take our drink order.  We had already seen that they had $2 beer specials on Bud Light and Michelob Ultra, so we each ordered one.   When the bill came later, we realized that our server had brought us bottles and it was the drafts on special.  Sneaky.  The menu was just so-so, so it took me awhile to find anything that really sparked my interest.  I opted for the black & blue burger and my partner ordered a calzone.  We also went with chili cheese fries as an appetizer.  The appetizer was very tasty, but it's hard to go wrong with fries, chili, and cheese.  For it not being that busy, we waited about 30 min for our simple entrees.   The burger was average; a couple of steps above McDonald's, a couple of steps below Red Robin.   Since we had ordered fries as an app, I went with the chips as my side.  They were good and homemade.  My partner's calzone was humongous.  It practically filled the entire dinner plate, and he said it was delicious.  Still, I'm all about atmosphere in a restaurant, and Tavern's was very lacking.  For this reason alone, I probably wouldn't return, but with the food choices just being so-so for me, I definitely wouldn't.   There are other places that are definitely more substantial.
3	The food is actually pretty good and cheap.  They have specials on certain nights too.  My only issue is that it seems to open in the dining area.  Also, one time we had a waiter who closed us out early so he could go home.  He wasn't that friendly.  Loses a star due to service issues.
1	Is there any way to give this place less than one star?  I took my family to this restaurant for lunch today. Service was horriffic and the food was badly prepared. In particular, it took them an hour (at lunch hour!) to bring us our food. That&apos;s after they kept us waiting fifteen minutes to order after we sat down. When they did, they brought it piecemeal (for example, they brought out my fries three minutes after I finished my burger). The steak on my wife&apos;s steak salad was literally raw. When confronted with the bloody steak, the manager asked whether my wife ordered it that way (the waitress had never asked how the steak should be prepared). Overall, the restaurant was very understaffed (one waitress for the entire place) and the kitchen seemed overwhelmed. I would never go to this place again. No wonder it was nearly empty.  And, for what it is (crappy bar food in a so-so atmosphere), it was very pricey.
1	Below average across the board (service, atmosphere, prices and food). The menu is unimaginative and the food mirrors that comment. It just sucks spending money at a place like this when there are so many better places that are better...that includes the mcdonalds across the street.
3	I gave Tavern on Park 3 stars, but was kind of surprised by the 1 stars I saw.The atmosphere isn't anything to get excited about, but it's clean and open. Not too dark (though some people want that when visiting a "tavern"). Seems family friendly.I've been here about 3 times now. They have a pretty good selection when it comes to menu. Each time my food was really good. My boyfriend loves their BBQ Chicken Pizza and I thoroughly enjoyed the Turkey and Avocado Sandwich last time we were there. Drinks are reasonable and they have some crazy glass you can order that looks super fun.I will agree on the hosting situation. There rarely seems to be anyone up front to seat you. Although last time it said seat yourself and someone came by rather quickly to take our drink order. Overall, I like Tavern on Park. So far it's been consistently good food and service. Nothing to pine over, but above average for sure.I'd check it out and make your own opinion on this one..
1	We stopped by for a quick dinner hoping to find that this well-located fairly new place.  It is a sports bar through and through. This is not a place for great or even adequate food.  The waitress told us that they made things fresh and that they have a great chef.  Our experience was that everything we ate appeared and tasted frozen and fresh heated.  The firecracker shrimp was tiny little shrimp heavily breaded, frozen and deep fried.  There was no taste of shrimp there, only spice batter.  The 1/2 rack ribs were small riblets, individually cut, and also apparently prepackaged.  The iceberg lettuce wedge had mediocre blue cheese dressing and artificial bacon.  This place may be a great bar, but it is not a restaurant.
1	The fact that the dining room was practically empty at 7pm on Friday night should have been our first clue. My wife ordered some kind of chicken sandwich on grilled sourdough bread. For some reason, they served it by itself and said they were still making the fries. I ordered a barbecue chicken calzone, which seemed simple enough to make. For some reason, the "chef" decided to substitute mozzarella cheese with ricotta. And not just a little, but a heaping gob of ricotta, with about 3 pieces of chicken and a slight brushing of barbecue sauce. I brought this to the attention of the waitress, and the manager apologized and had the "chef" prepare me another one. Of course, this meant that I basically had to eat by myself once it was done. But the kicker was that when I got the new one, the inside was barely warm enough to have melted the cheese.After we had paid the bill and stood up to leave, the waitress came over and said the manager offered us a free dessert for our trouble. Too little, too late, my friends.
1	As much as I hate to admit it, the food has taken a horrible turn at the Tavern.  The last two times I've visited they've been out of several items on the menu, promising a new menu "coming soon" which has yet to arrive.  And all of the food served served was obviously canned, bagged or frozen.  Absolutely nothing is freshly made.The hamburger they're serving now is a pasty mush, barely cooked all the way through.  I was happy to ask for bacon on it but what I got looked like pre-fabricated microwave strips.  Popcorn shrimp tastes like cardboard which they try to hide with a ridiculously spicy sauce....Every restaurant on Montford is packed and Tavern is 100 feet away but there's hardly anyone in the dining room on Saturday night at 8pm.  I don't know what happened in the kitchen in the last year but it's not looking good for the Tavern's longevity.  If they think they're cutting costs, what they're really cutting is customers.  Which is sad because customer service is always good and they spent so much effort updating the bar.  It's a great idea executed very poorly.  If T.o.P. was a stock I'd rate it: Sell
1	I went for lunch with some co-workers hoping for a quick and tasty bite to eat. Instead it was gross, greasy, and not good on the taste buds.There are no veggie friendly options, unless you ask for something without the meat, even the salads. Well, I take that back, there is one pizza that does not include meat. I got the pizza and it was awful. It was way too cheesy and the crust was not cooked through. One of my colleagues ordered the hummus sampler and it was dry and had to take it back. It was like eating expensive bar food and if you were too drunk to tell the food was of poor quality.It's in a good, convenient location and has a nice patio, but if you are looking for more go elsewhere. Also, depending on when you go, parking can be full.
3	The hubby and I are always in the park road shopping area but we never tried Tavern on Park because it looks kind of fancy from outside.  We finally decided to have lunch here once we found out it's actually a casual place.  Neither one of us were particularly impressed.  I had the lunch special which was a buffalo chicen wrap, a side of fries, and a drink all for $6.99.  My food was decent especially for the price.  Plus they had splenda to go with my unsweetened tea, bonus.  Mr. P ordered a calzone that he thought was ok but he didn't seem to be loving it.  We actually traded dishes halfway through the meal and I was not a big fan of the calzone.  The atmosphere inside was just a typical sports bar, kind of dark and dingy with some tvs on the walls.  The lunch special seemed to be a decent price but everything else on the menu seemed high for the quality.  It actually wouldn't be too bad a place to hang out if their prices were a little lower or they had some good drink specials.  Unfortunately there isn't anything about this place that stands out so I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.
3	We have always had lunch here on weekdays, afternoon. Always calm plenty of seating, very casual. Good service good food. Plenty of TVs on any sports you care to see.
4	I have eaten at Tavern on Park several times and have found the chicken wrap, Cuban sandwich, and many of their other sandwiches to be great! There is plenty of space both inside and outside for large groups of friends or an after hours work or networking event. My local ASU alumni network chapter has had a function there and I have also enjoyed the atmosphere on football Saturdays when the Gamecock club is in attendance to watch South Carolina play. The venue is a great place to drink, watch sports, and enjoy some good food while you are at it. I would definitely recommend.
4	I like all the dinner entrees and I also enjoy Friday's trivia night.  I do not like the sandwiches however; they seem to be lacking compared to the entrees.  I've tried more than 1 sandwich or burger and haven't enjoyed one yet.  I was eating there once and sometimes twice a week for that killer deal!
