5	Our pool is little.  As in approximately 14 feet by 6 feet, in the perfect shape of a rectangle.  My husband had been paying $70-something a month for a pool service to come to our house, test the water, and maybe add a chemical or two.  Now, we're looking for ways to cut costs so we headed to Leslie's to see how simple it was to do it ourselves.  Let me tell you, it's simple!  The man we worked with didn't diss pool services, which was nice and respectful, but he did say that taking care of our pool on our own was going to be very easy.  Leslie's lets you bring in your pool water to be tested, free of charge, once a month.  They will then let you know what chemicals you need to add to balance the water again.  It's that easy!I'm so happy we decided to save money and rely on Leslie's!
2	I waited in line for 27 min just to buy 2 pool rafts!!!! There were 2 employees working the counter and they were in absolutely no rush to get the lines down!! On a positive note, they were extremely polite and did have great attitudes. I was upset waiting in line for so long but they do make you feel better when you are being helped.
1	If you need help with chemicals these guys are great.... However to buy anything else takes a ridiculous amount of time! They should really have a separate checkout for other pool items and a designated checkout for people bringing in their pool water for testing. We have been waiting in line here today for 40 minutes to buy 2 items.....
4	We frequent this location, as it's nearest to our house.  I do agree with other reviews that it's slloooooowwww to check out here.  However, when you do interact with an employee here, all of the employees are very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.  One employee who has helped us quite a bit is Jim.  He's always super helpful, but he can get a bit disheveled when things get busy in there.  Nonetheless, Jim goes above and beyond to ensure you are doing the right thing for your pool and helps in any way he can.  Overall, a decent place to get your pool chemicals, water tested or buy some new floaties.
1	Worst pool store service EVER! I just went in to buy a part for my pool filter because my pressure gage wasn't reading correctly. I tried locating the part myself and couldn't find it so I went to the front to ask if they had them in the back. Two men were in front of me waiting while the other pool store employee was testing their water. The other man asks for the next guy in line and I stated that I wasn't waiting on a water test and I was next in line. He said "I asked for the next gentleman" the man behind me stated to the man I was next and still doesn't help me find a part. Clearly this man couldn't believe a woman could know a part and thought that I would take too much of his valuable time. I will never give my business to them again!
