5	I work with Nick often as a customer and as a fellow contractor. He is extremely honest and caring in dealing with customers. I highly recommend his services!
5	I called Nick for a list of things to do and he started a few things and I am so glad I called him. Nick does quality work,extremely honest,fair in his prices,and goes out of his way to please the customer. I can't wait to get the other things on my list done. I highly recommend Nick for. I won't call anyone else anymore.....
5	I called Nick on Thurs. and he was able to come out on Sat..  I was impressed with his kind demeanor, clean-up, patience and work skills.  I had a "honey do" list and he was able to accomplish it all within a reasonable time and even offered tips on how to maintain appliances.  He uses technology to confirm appts., and pay the bill.  I needed drawer slides repaired, refrigerator moved and coils cleaned, washer & dryer moved and vent vacuumed.  He noticed a few roof tiles needed adjusting and blew the debris off the roof.  He will be back to replace broken roof tiles.  His prices were reasonable and the job well done.  If you have a job he does not do, he can offer a network of technicians he works with to fix the problem.  He will be my go to handyman first for all jobs.
5	I can be a pretty demanding customer., especially with the stress of buying a new house coupled with a new job in the same week. Nick helped to make things a little less stressful. I called him on a Tuesday to do a difficult ceiling fan install on 14 ft high vaulted ceilings. He was there Wednesday afternoon and did everything that was required to get it done. Whoever build my house/did the wiring did a half assed job that rivaled DMV customer service. Nick worked under the light if a headlamp, cut into drywall, went to a hardware store, rewired the entire system, and then installed the second one. He was there for over 4 hours and kept us informed the whole way through. He stayed over 4 hours, until the job was completed. After that we had a conversation with him where he have us insider knowledge on what plumbers charge (ever heard of a trip charge? That's where you pay some clown to come out to tell you he can't fix something). I will be using nick for this home and every other property I own. He even charged us less than quoted and wouldn't take my cash when I tried to pay extra. I'll have to find a way to sneak it in to payment for other jobs!
5	Nick was GREAT! I had a serious "Honey Do" list and he handled all of it. He did everything with excellence and integrity. He also suggested improvements when he fixed my book shelf. It looks better than before! I now have him on speed dial.
5	Unbelievable dedication to taking care of his clients!  Nick completed a drywall job for us that went unattended for 1 year and i can't tell you how relieved I was when he completed it.  He matched the paint perfectly, replaced molding and was super clean on site.  It was during this repair that I noticed several other issues that I needed to address and he gave me great advice.  Our garage leaks whenever it rains and he determined a quick fix to add gutters outside.  Well, as busy as Nick is, I called him this AM and said a flash flood was coming tonight and if could fix the issue.  He immediately replied, "Ill be over in an hour to fix it", and he was and NO water in the garage when I got home.  Thanks Nick! You are a not only a skilled handyman, but a conscientious thoughtful and reliable business man.
5	Nick is wonderful and thanks to him, we have a new kitchen sink, faucet and garbage disposal.  We've been limping along quite awhile with a leaking, finicky faucet and non-functional disposal for well over 2 years.  It was getting really bad.I called Nick mid November and he was booked for 2 weeks, but he said he'd try to find time and squeeze me in.  And he did.  He came on Mon, Nov 24th.  Originally it was to just install the garbage disposal and my husband thought he could put the kitchen faucet in.  I felt that this job was too big for my husband who had never done anything like this and it best that Nick do it.Anyway, when Nick came, I had asked him before he came that morning if he could also install the faucet, that he was better equipped to do it since we don't have very many tools or the know how.  Yes, ideally and theoretically it shouldn't be hard, but after doing some other home repairs, nothing is quite as easy as it can be if you know what you're doing with the right tools, neither of which we had or were.During the course of Nick taking out the garbage disposal and the stuff for the sink, he needed to go to Home Depot to get some stuff that we needed.  He was going to replace the water lines, as they didn't look good and needed to be replaced on the home that was about 14 years old.  Because whomever installed the sink that was there not totally as they should have (I'm guessing the builders), he had to remove the sink also.  The sink looked pretty bad, so we decided to replace that.Nick went with me to Lowe's, which is where I normally go.  I decided, with Nick's help, to buy a better and deeper economical sink and not the least expensive sink because the thickness of those sinks weren't all that great.  So, we stepped it up one.  Thankfully Nick went with me because he knew all the things we needed to get.  Oh, I forgot my debit card at home, so Nick paid for it for me and then later I would reimburse him.  Awesome!  Saved us another trip home and back due to my error.  The cost to install the faucet was $70.  The cost of the garbage disposal was $70.  Then there were additional costs to do the sink, which was a little weird with how the builders constructed that area, so that took extra work.  I can't remember this and he also snaked the kitchen plumbing.I think all this took about 4-5 hours, which included the trips to Lowe's & Home Depot.  Thankfully both stores are relatively close to me.  Nick has a nice work truck with pull along trailer storage unit that houses his tools and accessories he needs for his jobs.  He wears his work logo/shirt and is very professionally positioned.  I was super impressed.  After everything was installed, looked so nice and working well, he cleaned up the area and the mess that was created.  He took the old sink, garbage disposal, faucet to the garbage bin, swept my kitchen and cleaned up all around.Nick does his work with integrity and it was great to catch up with him, as it's been years since I had seen him.  I'm so glad I thought to give Nick and call and the last time he did stuff for me, he was just doing this on the side.  Now, 6 years later, he's been building and running his business successfully and I am so proud of him.Oh, and he also gave me a discount, which every little bit helps.  Nick made it easy for me, and though he encountered some problems due to our stuff, he was great about everything - wonderful service, workmanship, everything.  I wish you much success and that your business grows, thrives and is abundantly prosperous.  Lastly, Nick also gave me tips on how to care for and keep things running well so we don't have the issues we've had in the past.Thank you, Nick!!!
2	Spoke to him on a Tuesday about coming by the next day to give us an estimate on relocating our kitchen cabinets. But he never showed up and never called. Its now Friday and we still haven't heard from him. I guess we'll just move on.
